Princess Electra Book 5  A Castle for Helsop

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2013 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Copyright ©-2013 by Robert Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Robert Maske

Smashwords edition 2013

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske



Princess Electra Book 5

Chapter 1

Kingdom of Henge

Serafina walked through the massive, spiked wooden door of Henge’s castle, holding the hand of her nineteen-month-old daughter, Shalin.  Following close behind her mother and twin sister, came Esme sitting astride a black panther, hugging the cat’s powerful neck.
The twins’ father, Prince Blackwell, met them at the door.  “I’m glad you are returned from your walk in the woods,” he said, grasping Shalin around her waist and swinging her up in the air.
Shalin giggled and Esme held up her hands, demanding similar treatment.
“We saw a doe with her fawn and several cotton-tail rabbits,” Serafina reported.
“Thaw wuf facks,” Shalin added.
Prince Blackwell turned a questioning glance in his wife’s direction.
Serafina smiled.  “Yes, we saw wolf tracks, as well.”
Prince Blackwell feigned great surprise as he gave his attention to Shalin, holding her at eye level.  “Did you now?”
Shalin nodded solemnly.
Prince Blackwell lowered Shalin to the floor and snatched Esme from the panther’s back.  “And what did you see, Esme?”
Esme shrieked and laughed as her father swung her into the air.
“What was that you said?” asked Prince Blackwell, laughing.
“Gin!” Esme demanded.
“Again?” her father asked.
Esme nodded.
Prince Blackwell swung her up again to delighted shrieks.
“Gin,” she said.
“No, that is enough.   It is time for your nap and I wish to speak to your mother.”
“Gin!  Gin!”  Esme shouted.
Prince Blackwell handed Esme to her mother.
Serafina frowned at Esme.  “No more of that,” she said in a firm voice.
Esme’s lip curled out into a stubborn pout.  Serafina put her down beside her panther, Ebony, and the cat licked the little girl’s hand.  Esme flung herself onto the panther’s back and buried her face in the cat’s black fur.
“You wished to speak to me?” Serafina asked her husband.
“Yes.  My acquisitions sergeant has returned from Helsop without the ordered weapons.  He reports all available stores have been promised to another buyer.  That may mean that King Geoffrey of Fernland is stocking up in preparation for battle.  This is a dangerous situation.”
“I believe there may be another explanation,” Serafina replied.  “Let me first settle the twins and then we will speak.”
Blackwell nodded, his curiosity peaked.  He kissed Shalin’s cheek and settled for a kiss atop Esme’s head as her face was still buried in the panther’s black fur.  “I will await you in the solarium.”

Serafina entered the solarium a few minutes later.  She had changed from her leather hiking outfit to a red satin dress—one that she knew her husband favored.
Prince Blackwell sat on a wooden bench beneath an apricot tree, heavy laden with ripe orange fruit.  He was two years older than her own thirty eight years, with dark hair, a medium build, intelligent eyes and a military bearing.
“You look lovely, as always,” he noted.
“I know of the man who has placed the weapons order in Helsop,” Serafina said, getting quickly to the business at hand. “His father, King Gundar, is beset by pirates.”
“King Gundar,” Blackwell repeated in a thoughtful voice.  “Yes, I have heard stories of Gundar’s island kingdom.  Thus far those pirates have kept to his side of the sea that separates us.  I can sympathize with his situation, but I do not care to have him tapping my preferred source of weapons.”
They both knew that Helsop was his preferred source because it had, until recently, only one buyer—Blackwell, himself—and impoverished Helsop was therefore compelled to pay whatever price he offered.
Serafina stared up at the multitude of apricots above her head.  “I will go to visit Electra in Helsop.  It is time the twins saw their sister again.  I will work out an agreement for weapons while I am visiting.”
Prince Blackwell sighed.  “I feared this might be your solution.”  He plucked an apricot from the tree and opened the fruit into two halves.  It dripped juice on the white tile floor of the solarium.  He held out half of the ripe orange fruit to Serafina and placed the other half in his mouth, letting the pit fall to the floor.  Serafina took a bite of the offered fruit and waited.  She knew her husband had more to say.
Blackwell wiped his hands on his tunic.  “I do not fare well when you and the twins are gone,” he grumbled.  “And my father is causing problems again.”
“Oh?” she remarked, her interest piqued.
“His theatre is almost completed.  The gypsies have done well with the construction.  Father is obsessed with enticing his bastard son, Take, back to Henge to inaugurate the new theatre with a performance by his acting troupe.  My father has taken to his bed, sending secret messages via gypsy carriers to Take the Thief, telling him that he is close to death and Take should come at once if he wishes to see him one last time before he expires.”
“Secret messages?”  Serafina picked out the bit of information that interested her.
“Yes.  Secret from me, he supposes.  That is why he sends gypsies instead of soldiers.  Of course I have ordered all messengers, be they gypsy or soldier, to show me any correspondence meant for Take.  Father has lost his reason when it comes to his bastard son.”
“Did you allow the messages to go through?”
Prince Blackwell took a deep, cleansing breath.  “Yes.  I do not object to Take’s coming here.  In fact I hope he will come.  I fear more what my father might try next should his near-death strategy fail. To his credit, I do not believe Take wants to deal with my father any more than I do.”
Serafina looked directly into Prince Blackwell’s eyes.  “In that case, you might send your own invitation to Take and his acting troupe.  It is likely the possibility of strife between you and your father makes Take the Thief wary of visiting.  He prefers the safety of distance Fernland offers.”
Prince Blackwell thought about his wife’s advice.  “I had not considered that possibility.”  He frowned.  “I will not, however, participate in this ruse of father being at death’s door.  The old scoundrel will likely outlive us all.”
Serafina nodded, smiling.  “I must go and pack for our trip to Helsop.  The twins and I will leave at first light tomorrow.”
“So soon?”  A bleak expression formed on Prince Blackwell’s face.
“The sooner we leave the sooner we return.”  Serafina squeezed her husband’s hand gently and kissed his cheek.

Up in her room next to the new nursery, Serafina packed lightly.  She could always borrow clothes from her daughter, Electra, if need be.  Of course Electra was really her niece, not her daughter.  But since Serafina had stolen her from Queen Delphinia and raised Electra as her own, she still regarded her as a daughter and, therefore, a sister to the twins.  It would be good to see her again.  Electra’s upcoming marriage to Dagon was only weeks away.  Perhaps she should take her a wedding present.
Serafina looked through her sorcery books and supplies, through her gowns, furs and jewels.  Her hand paused as it sifted through the jewel box.  She pulled out a simple gold chain with a gold pendant carved into two hands, one hand touching the other’s wrist—the physician’s crest.
“Perfect,” Serafina said aloud.
Electra, now head of her own school of medicine, had become a physician at Serafina’s urging.  Electra would treasure this gift.
Serafina wrapped it carefully in a blue velvet cloth and went next door to pack clothes for the twins.

Chapter 2

Kingdom of Henge

Just before sunrise Prince Blackwell and Serafina stood together looking down at their sleeping daughters by the light of a candle.
“This is a much better nursery,” Prince Blackwell stated.
Prince Blackwell had been uncomfortable with the goings-on in the last nursery—a pleasant, sunny room with a southern exposure.  The twins’ extraordinary powers surpassed even those of their sorceress mother and they had begun to manifest at a very early age.  If one of the twins wanted a thing, she possessed the power to call it to herself.  The result—objects flying through the air—had so unsettled Prince Blackwell that he began to steadfastly insist something was wrong with their nursery room.  If things moved of their own volition the room must be tilted despite all evidence to the contrary.
Serafina took pride in her own mastery of the black arts and Prince Blackwell seemed to share that pride in his wife’s extraordinary abilities.  She did not know why he was so reluctant to accept even greater gifts given his daughters, but he continued to turn a blind eye whenever said powers manifested themselves.  Eventually she began to caution the twins about using their powers in their father’s presence.  As soon as they were old enough to understand, they followed their mother’s directions.  Thus, the new nursery was deemed acceptable.
“Yes, this room is better,” Serafina agreed.
Prince Blackwell touched Esme’s little hand as she slept.  “How I will miss them.  Please do not stay longer in Helsop than you must,” he pleaded.
“Of course.”
Blackwell withdrew his hand from his sleeping child with great reluctance.  “I will go down to arrange for an early breakfast.  I have four guards ready to escort you to Helsop.”
“Guards are not necessary as you well know.  I have made the trip often alone.”  Serafina knew she would lose on this point.
“I insist.  You are all too precious to me.  I will not allow you to go unescorted.”
Serafina smiled in the glow of candle light.  “As you will, M’Lord.”
Prince Blackwell grunted in satisfaction.  It was not often he prevailed in domestic disagreements.

Prince Blackwell walked downstairs, looking for a servant.  He was all the way to the kitchen before he found a girl tending the rock enclosure used for baking bread.
“We will breakfast early this morning.  Princess Serafina and the twins wish an early start to their day.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.  I have the first loaves a’ baking.  Your father has requested an early start as well.”  The girl managed a small curtsy as she pushed more kindling beneath the giant oven.
“Will my father be coming down for breakfast?”
“I believe he is already down, looking after his theatre building, Your Majesty.”
Prince Blackwell frowned.  “I am happy to hear he is feeling better.”
The servant girl hid a smile.  “Yes, Your Majesty.”
Prince Blackwell stood for a moment smelling the baking bread, then turned and walked out of the kitchen and through the dining area.  He started to take a seat at the table, then changed his mind and walked out the castle door in the direction of the theatre.

Old king Blackwell, no longer the ruler of his kingdom, having passed that position on to his son on his supposed deathbed, was busy giving orders to the gypsy laborers charged with building his theatre.
“Make those gryphons look threatening.  This is a serious theatre—one fit for fighting men—not some prissy puppet show.”
The gypsy sculptor stood on a wooden ladder shaping a gryphon image into soft plaster high up a wall of the theatre.
Prince Blackwell strode up the side of the theatre to where his father stood, still looking up at the gryphon.  “Good morning, Father.  Good to see you up and about.”
Old Blackwell turned with an angry glance.  “Who says I’m up and about?”
“You appear to be,” his son answered with a neutral face.
“I dragged myself out in spite of my poor health.  Otherwise who would keep these fools from making a mockery of this theatre,” the old king grumbled.
“Most admirable, I am sure,” Prince Blackwell stated, keeping a straight face.
Old Blackwell narrowed his eyes and glared at his son, suspicious of being mocked himself.
“Finn and his acting troupe will be coming soon.  I intend a proper theatre for their first performance here.”
“Of course.”  Prince Blackwell looked around.  The theatre’s stained glass windows caught the rising sun and painted the walls with prismatic colors.  “I am sure Take, or Finn, as you call him, will be very impressed.  I thought I might add my own invitation to any you might have sent him—just to show our solidarity in wanting him to come.”
Old Blackwell’s eyes widened in surprise.  “You want Finn to come here?”
“Why not?  We have a theatre now.  We might as well put it to use.”
A smile spread across his father’s face.  “Yes.  We might as well.”
“It is a pity you are not in better health to appreciate an inaugural performance.”
Old Blackwell coughed and spat on the foot of a stone dragon.  “Royalty does not admit to physical weakness.”
“Quite right.”  Prince Blackwell allowed himself a smile.  “Serafina and the girls are leaving for Helsop this morning.  We are having an early breakfast if you would like to join us.”
“Again?  What’s she going to that rag-a-muffin hole for this time?”
“King Gundar across the sea has taken to amassing stockpiles of weapons to fight off his pirates.  He’s leaving none for me to replenish my army.”
“So she will tell Electra to put in a word to Dagon?”
“Exactly.”  Prince Blackwell slowed his pace as his father clumped along beside him on his wooden leg to the door of the theatre.  “They have had a great influx of people from Cold Lake.  I assume they are short of food.  Since we have a surplus here in Henge, we have something to barter with.”
“Yes, that puts us in a better place than King Gundar when it comes to cornering the weapon’s market,” Old Blackwell agreed.  “Gold coins won’t fill an empty stomach.”
“Perhaps some of their promised weapons will need to be diverted,” Prince Blackwell said with a wry grin.
“One thing I’m sure of,” Old Blackwell said, “Our Serafina will get the job done.”
The two men walked back to the castle in a rare mood of conviviality to join their family for breakfast.

Chapter 3

Kingdom of Henge

Serafina, Shalin and Esme were already seated at the dining table when the two smiling Blackwells joined them.
Serafina glanced from Prince Blackwell to his father, noting their friendly demeanors.  Her husband must have made the offer to invite Take the Thief to Henge.
The elder Blackwell launched into his theory of diplomacy as he pulled out a chair at the table.  “A loaf of bread in one hand and a sword in the other,” he stated.  “That’s the way to deal with Helsop.”
“I believe an offer of food would not go amiss,” Serafina agreed.
The old king continued in the same vein, warming to his own views on diplomacy.  “It’s what they need and what we’ve got.  But always hold a bit of a threat over their heads, too.  Remind them that we are a powerful neighbor and they would be well-advised to save the best of their weapons to sell to us—their good but powerful neighbor.”  The old king, feeling in fine feather, hit his empty plate with his knife a few times to let the kitchen staff hear that he had arrived at table.
Serafina glanced at her husband. “ What foodstuffs do we hold in excess?”
Prince Blackwell sat beside his father.  He pursed his lips and furrowed his brow as he considered.  “We have reserves of wheat flour, turnips, barley and apples.  You could offer sides of beef and mutton if necessary.  In exchange we need swords, armor and axes.  I will order up the list I gave to the acquisitions sergeant.”
Serafina nodded.  “I would guess Helsop’s population to have doubled in size with the influx of Hammer Haven refugees.  Their food scarcity is no doubt acute.”
The elder Blackwell interrupted.  “And see what kind of castle they’ve managed to erect.  I’d like to know how high and how thick they’ve built their wall.”
Serafina waited a second to be sure the old king had finished speaking.  “I might offer a defense treaty of sorts as an extra incentive,” she suggested.
The old king’s face turned a dangerous shade of crimson.  “Absolutely not!” he thundered.  “As long as they’re in bed with Fernland, I’ll not come to their aid.”
Prince Blackwell held up his hand.  “Why be so adamant?” he cautioned.  “If we could negotiate a better price that way, what have we to lose?  The only army in a position to attack Helsop is Fernland’s and now Electra is there, King Geoffrey will not be attacking his own daughter.  I say use it as a bargaining chip since it costs us nothing.”
Old Blackwell glowered at his empty plate, likely ruing the day he put his son in charge.  He banged his plate again as two serving girls came out from the kitchen with steaming plates full of eggs and sweet breads.
“It’s about time,” grumbled the old king.
The twins, seated on either side of Serafina, looked avidly at the plate of sweet rolls.
“Ha tweet bray?” Shalin asked, staring hopefully at the serving girl.
“You may have a small piece of sweet bread,” Serafina said, taking a roll from the plate.
Esme, forgetting Serafina’s warning about not using her calling power in her father’s presence, held up her hands and a sweet roll flew from the serving plate into her raised palms.
Old king Blackwell’s eyes grew wide.  “Did you see that?”  He elbowed his son in the ribs.
“Yes, I did,” Prince Blackwell answered.  He looked at the serving girl.  “Please be more careful.  We cannot have things served as though we are dining in a sports arena.”
Old Blackwell blinked, unsure now of what he had seen.
Serafina gave Esme a severe look as she plucked the sweet roll from her little hands.  “I will give you a small piece as well,” she said, breaking off a portion before the hungry twin could vent her displeasure.
Old king Blackwell watched Esme carefully for a few moments, but saw no further signs of aberrant behavior.  He settled back into his favorite subject.
“The theatre is all but finished now and Ambrose here has finally come to his senses.”  He patted his son on the back.  “He’s going to make sure Finn and his acting troupe come up for a performance.  By the time you get back we may have our inaugural show ready to go.”  He considered a new thought for a second.  “I might even let you invite Dagon and Electra if they give us a top-notch deal on weapons.”
Serafina glanced at her husband to see if he agreed.
Prince Blackwell shrugged.  “I suppose it would be a neighborly gesture.”
“I will see to it.”  Serafina gave each twin a spoonful of egg from her plate.
Prince Blackwell piled a bit of egg onto a piece of bread as he considered a neighboring Helsop now twice its previous size.  “What do we know of these new residents in Helsop?  You say they hail from a place called Hammer Haven?”
Serafina recounted what she had seen in her crystal ball the night she returned from her adventure in Manoa.  “They are rumored to be distant relatives of the Helsop settlers.  They were rescued by Dagon and his militia from their Vagan captors.  He found them in a region far to the east of Cold Lake—tool-makers all I would guess.”
A chair at the end of the table began to wobble.
Old Blackwell cast a furtive glance at Esme, but she was absorbed in licking her fingers after finishing her piece of sweet roll.  A thick, furry black head appeared above the seat of the chair.  Ebony the panther stretched as she rose from her nap.
“You are taking Ebony?” Prince Blackwell asked with a frown.
“Yes, of course.  She is the twins’ protector.”
“I’ll have to warn the guards.  Their horses will be in a panic,” her husband said.
“The guards are not necessary,” Serafina said.
“Yes.  They are.”  Prince Blackwell forked a huge bite of eggs into his mouth, having said the last word on the subject.
Old king Blackwell let out a hoarse cackle.  “She’s a protector as long as she doesn’t get hungry.”
Prince Blackwell aimed a frown at his father.
Serafina pushed her plate aside and stood.  “The sun is up.  It is time to go.”
Prince Blackwell sighed and stood reluctantly.  With a resigned expression he picked up Shalin and one of the bags stacked against the wall.  Serafina picked up Esme while old Blackwell grabbed another bag.  They walked to the castle door where four guards on horseback waited to begin the journey to Helsop.

Chapter 4

Village of Helsop

I always seem in a hurry these days, Electra thought as she ran from the school of medicine to the clinic to make her morning rounds.  Her fiancé, Dagon, Headman of Helsop, had journeyed far out on Cold Lake to rescue the enslaved inhabitants of Hammer Haven after a lone escapee had made it to Helsop’s shores to beg for assistance.  Now they were all under Helsop’s care—two thousand or more in number.
Electra had thrown open the doors of her fledgling school of medicine to accept as many of the women as were healthy enough to attend.  Hundreds had taken advantage of the offer.  What Helsop would do with hundreds of women trained in medicine, she could not yet envision.
As she opened the door to the clinic, many faces turned to welcome her.  Most of their medical issues were the result of poor treatment by their former Vagan masters.  The women and children tended to anemia from meager rations, the men to lung infections from overwork in the iron mines.  Finding food for so many was a constant battle.  Deer from their forest provided the venison that she mixed into a paste with medicinal herbs and spread on thin slices of bread.  She worried at the number of deer the militia was forced to kill each week to feed the village.  What would they do when the forest was depleted of game?
“Good morning Rose,” she said to the young woman lying on the first cot.  “How have you fared through the night?”
Rose pushed herself up to sit on the cot.  “I believe I am ready to enroll in your school.  I feel much improved.”
Rose still appeared painfully thin, but her color was better this morning.  “I am happy to hear it.”  Electra felt her pulse and lay her hand across Rose’s forehead.  “Your fever is gone.”
Rose stood up beside her cot, her balance tentative.  Electra watched patiently.  “Well done, Rose.  Why not rest here on the cot until I see to the rest of my patients.  Then we will walk back to the school together and write down your name.”
Rose nodded and sank back down on her cot.
Electra moved on to the next cot as a guard rushed through the door of the clinic.
“Visitors from Henge approach,” he stated, and then added in a less official voice, “the black panther is with them.”
Electra’s face broke into a joyous smile.
“Serafina is here?  With the twins?”
The guard nodded.  “I believe so.  Six horses in all.  They are halfway down the rise.”
Electra clapped her hands together and rushed past the guard and out the door of the clinic.
She could see the odd little line of riders halfway down the steep side of the rise that led off to Henge in the west.  Serafina led the group, clothed in her sorceress cloak.  Next came a horse with baskets on either side, each holding one of her twin sisters.  Ebony, their black panther, padded alongside them.  Behind, in the black and silver uniforms of Henge’s army, came four guards seated astride black horses.
Electra waved and Serafina waved back.  Serafina had somehow seen her amid the many new buildings and villagers.
Electra waved again and ran for the school to make arrangements for her visitors’ stay in Helsop.
“Isa,” she shouted as she ran through the door.  Isa was her best friend and her most senior student.  She was also sister to her fiancé, Dagon.
She found Isa teaching the morning class in medicinal herbs to about fifty students seated on the floor in front of the dining table.
“What is it?” Isa exclaimed, tensing for an unknown emergency.
“Serafina and the twins are coming.  They are halfway down the hill.”
Isa’s face lit with a mixture of apprehension and delight.  “What a surprise,” she managed.
Electra pressed her fingers to her lips, thinking.  “They can stay with me in my room.  Do we have tea and bread for them?”
“Of course.  We will see to it.”  Isa gestured vaguely at her large group of bewildered students.  “You go and meet them.  We will have everything ready for them.”
“Thank you.”  Electra glanced at the students.  “Thank you all.  So sorry to interrupt your lesson,” she said as she turned and rushed out the door.
Electra hoped Isa would explain something of the relationship that existed between Serafina and herself to the students so they would not be alarmed at the arrival of a sorceress.  At some point she would need to speak to them about the unusual powers the twins were heir to.  But for now her only wish was to greet her surrogate mother and sisters with big hugs.
Electra and Serafina met at the base of the hill.  Serafina swung down from her horse and caught Electra in a fond embrace.  The twins shrieked from their baskets as they recognized Electra.  She had watched over them not long ago as they took their first steps and for many days and nights after while Serafina journeyed south in a quest for the exploding white powder.
“Lekka,” Shalin shouted in her tiny high-pitched voice.
Electra lifted the child from her basket and hugged her.  Familiar with Esme’s demands for equal treatment, she quickly put Shalin on the ground and pulled Esme from her basket.
Esme clapped her hands against Electra’s face and laughed.
Electra hugged the little girl and put her down beside her twin.
“Shall we hold hands and walk back to the school together?” she asked.
Each little girl took a hand.
“Lil Daga?” Shalin asked.
“Little Dagon?” Electra asked.
 Shalin nodded.
Electra noticed Serafina’s questioning glance and explained.  “Little Dagon is Isa’s son, named for his uncle Dagon.  He was a great friend to the twins while they stayed with me.”
Electra turned her face down to Shalin.  “Yes, Little Dagon is still here.  He has been lonesome without you.  He will be very happy to see you both.”
Shalin smiled a shy smile and Esme giggled.
“My students are making tea and refreshments for us,” Electra chattered on.  “You will stay with me while you are here.  I trust you will be able to stay for several days at least.”
“We shall see” Serafina said.
Electra wondered for the first time what had brought Serafina to Helsop.  Since she had not sent a message ahead of her intended visit, it must be a matter of some urgency. Perhaps Electra was meant to mind the twins again while Serafina went on some new mysterious mission.  She decided this was not the time to ask.  First they would eat, rest and gossip.  Perhaps it was just a visit after all.  With Serafina almost anything was possible.

Chapter 5

Village of Helsop

By the time Electra and her visitors reached the school, Isa had dismissed the class and laid out food on the dining table.  Lunch consisted of tea, cheese, strips of dried venison, strawberries and flat bread.  The twins quickly claimed their favorite spot under the dining table where they could play undisturbed yet hear everything the grown-ups said.
Serafina sipped her tea, relaxed, seemingly in no hurry to explain her impromptu visit.
Electra’s tea cup was already empty.  The more scarce food became, the more quickly she seemed to eat whatever was set before her.  She refilled her cup with hot water.
“The Hammer Haven folk have begun to settle in, but it is a struggle now to keep everyone fed and housed,” Electra said.
“We have extra food this summer in Henge.  I will arrange to have some sent over.”
Electra caught her breath.  “You will? We would be so grateful.”
Serafina waved her hand as though the favor was hardly worth mention.
Electra leaned forward eagerly.  “How soon could we arrange for such a shipment?  We could pay you.  I have gold and silver coins and trinkets from my students.  They pay with what they were able to pilfer from the castle where they were kept prisoners in Hammer Haven.”
Serafina shook her head.  “Prince Blackwell seems to have enough gold and silver.  He does well with port fees.  Henge is fortunate in that.”  She seemed to ponder the matter of payment.  “He might be interested in buying some weapons if Helsop is insistent on making payment.”
“Of course,” Electra replied.  “I am sure Dagon would insist on it.  We are fortunate here in Helsop in having so many excellent craftsmen.  I believe the Hammer Haven men are constructing new forges as we speak.”
“I noticed that your castle building seems to have accelerated in pace.”
Electra smiled.  “It is close to completion.  The new men have some experience in castle construction.  Would you like a tour?”
“I would.”
“Shall we take the twins?  The old Helsop residents are accustomed to seeing them and their panther about the village.  They will no doubt tell the newcomers they have nothing to fear from the cat, nor from the twins’ unusual abilities.”
Serafina smiled.  “The girls have learned restraint in some small measure.”
Electra returned a knowing smile.  “The villagers will be sorely disappointed.  While the twins were staying in Helsop, villagers often paid visits to the school of medicine in hopes of seeing objects fly through the air.”

Electra and her guests began their stroll through the village to the newly constructed castle.  The Hammer Haven refugees sought the shelter of fences and walls as they passed by with Ebony on a leash.  Those Helsop residents who remembered the twins called out with their welcomes.
They passed a group of silent men who sat whittling small pieces of wood into whistles and animals.  One of the men held out a small carved fox to the twins. He was slight of build, as were all the men in his group, wore a saffron colored robe, and looked to be from the orient.
Esme, who loved animals, forgot her instructions and willed the tiny fox right through the air from his hand to hers.
The silent man’s eyes opened wide and he quickly picked up a wooden rabbit and held it out to Shalin.
Shalin looked up at Serafina warily.  Serafina’s disapproving glance was riveted on Esme.  Shalin shyly stepped forward and touched the small wooden rabbit.  The man smiled and dropped the rabbit into her hand.
“Thank you,” Serafina said.
The man nodded and said nothing.
Electra thanked him as well and turned to explain the group to Serafina.  “These we call the silent men.  We believe they are some sort of monks or ascetics who have taken a vow of silence.  They likely speak a language foreign to us in any case.  They were found chained to the oars when our men captured the Vagan boats.”
Serafina looked deeply into the eyes of the silent man before her and nodded slowly.  “Yes, I see,” she said.
The twins hugged their new toys to their chests, delighted.

Electra and her group walked on to the river that separated the castle from the village. Workmen crawled atop the castle walls, measuring, calling out, fitting rocks into place, pushing mortar into cracks.  Dagon saw the group of visitors from atop the wall and waved, then began a descent down a rope to join them.
“Serafina!  And Esme and Shalin!  Welcome.  Are you here for a visit?” he asked, smiling, with just a hint of unease.
“We are,” Serafina replied.
Electra, anxious to share her good news, reached out to touch Dagon’s arm.  “She is going to arrange a shipment of food for us from Henge.”
“We could certainly use some extra rations,” Dagon said, with a small hesitation, no doubt wondering if there were strings attached to such generosity.
“I told her we could make payment in tools and weapons,” Electra continued.
“Ah…yes.”  Dagon’s face took on a knowing expression.  “I regret we were unable to fill the order brought in by your requisitions man a few days ago.  We have a big order to fill just now, and the castle has taken workers away from their normal crafts.  But soon the castle will be finished and we will work on building a surplus.”
“But we need food more than we need King Gundar’s gold,” Electra argued.
“Yes, this is true.  We could possibly divert a portion of King Gundar’s order.  We are slightly ahead of schedule on that.”
Serafina smiled.  “That would be appreciated by Prince Blackwell, I am certain.”  She fixed Dagon with an inquisitive glance.  “Any sign yet of reprisal from the Vagan pirates?”
Dagon shook his head.  “We have sentries posted along the shores of Cold Lake two days march out.  They are to send up signal smoke to warn us if any ships are sighted.  So far there’s been no sign of them.”
“They will surely come,” Serafina said.
Dagon sighed.  “I know.”
“Perhaps Prince Blackwell’s gratitude will extend to a defense pact of some sort,” Serafina mused.
Dagon’s eyebrows shot up.  “Does he know we are expecting the Vagans to attack us in retaliation for abducting their prisoners and stealing their boats?”
“I doubt it.  I have not told him as much,” Serafina stated.
Dagon knew Prince Blackwell loved his army above all else.  He was always reluctant to actually send them into battle.  “It would be a pact under false assumptions, then.”  Dagon found Serafina’s eyes, but she did not blink.
“The future is not writ in stone,” she said with a shrug.
“But you do believe the Vagans will come,” Dagon insisted.
“Yes, of course.”
Dagon looked at Electra, wondering how she felt about this deception Serafina was willing to perpetrate, most probably out of affection and a desire to protect her appropriated ‘daughter’. 
 “We must tell him,” Electra said.  “Perhaps he wants his weapons badly enough that he would still agree to some sort of defense pact.  But if we can promise weapons now, he will send food now.  Getting the food is what matters most.”
Dagon knew better.  A defense pact was what mattered most.  He looked at Electra and Serafina in turn.  “You know of course that we already have an alliance with Blackwell’s sworn enemy—King Geoffrey of Fernland.”
Serafina seemed interested, finally.  Her green eyes took on a dark, stormy cast.  “What exactly are the terms of that alliance?”
“It is more or less a trade alliance.  We of Helsop are granted permission to travel through Fernland and sell our wares both there and further on—to the south of Fernland,” Dagon said.
“And how does Fernland benefit from the alliance?” Serafina asked.
Dagon’s face stayed relaxed.  “They have Prince Avor freed from prison and back in Fernland.”
“A little one-sided, it appears,” Serafina mused.  “No mention of Helsop coming to Fernland’s aid should Fernland be attacked?”
Dagon smiled.  “At the time this alliance was signed such a mention would have been cause for mirth.  Helsop had little to offer should Fernland be attacked.”
Serafina looked off at the nearly completed castle.  “Circumstances change,” she said.  “Soon Helsop will have a great deal to offer.”
Dagon pursed his lips, ignoring what he perceived to be flattery.  “Send word to Prince Blackwell that we will exchange weapons for food.  I need to think more on a defense pact before committing to that.”  With business finished he looked back at the wall where a large stone teetered at the edge of a net meant to hoist it up to the top.  “I had best get back to work,” he said.  “I believe we are offering rabbit stew at the mess tent tonight.  I will see you there.”

Chapter 6

Village of Helsop

Electra, Serafina, the twins and Ebony moved toward the two towers that guarded the entrance to the castle grounds.  The drawbridge sitting between the towers was still under construction.  The completed drawbridge would span the river that curved around the castle to act as a moat.  For now they had to walk carefully over a narrow bridge made of temporary planks.  Serafina and Electra each carried one of the twins across and Ebony, the panther, crossed last.
Once past the high castle wall, the castle courtyard spread out before the rounded stone edifice which would be Electra’s new home—the castle keep.  Smaller buildings for storage backed up against the castle walls.
“It seems silly to go to such trouble to defend ourselves,” Electra said.  “If Helsop has any reputation at all it is one of poverty.  Why would anyone bother to attack us?”
“That has already changed,” Serafina warned.  “Vagan retribution aside, Helsop’s weapons are even now a source of contention between kings.” 
Electra shook her head.  “Perhaps we may one day look back fondly on our early poverty.”
Serafina smiled.  “I believe you were recently prone to nostalgia over the cabin in the swamp that we once shared.”
Electra laughed.  “You are right.  Some days when I am overwhelmed with teaching and clinic patients, I still am nostalgic for the simple life.”
Serafina watched as the twins ran to inspect the storage areas scattered along the wall.  They were just the right size to serve as playhouses for small girls.
“We will leave them to their play.  Ebony will watch over them,” Serafina said.  “Shall we take a look at the castle keep?”
As they walked to the entrance to the keep, Electra noticed a group of silent men carefully negotiating the planks over the river to enter the castle courtyard.  She wondered if they had decided to stay and become residents of Helsop.  Perhaps they had come to offer their services in the construction of the castle.
Electra showed Serafina the great hall with the attached kitchen that would house and feed many should an attack on Helsop bring them all inside the castle walls.  The upper rooms, connected by a stone staircase, would be family rooms.  These could be home to a family, though Dagon and Electra had not planned that far ahead.
Electra swung her arm around to take in the whole area.  “It is not large compared to the castles of Fernland or Henge, but it is quite luxurious by Helsop standards.  The rooms have lovely views of Ice Mountain.”
“You will keep your room at the school as well?” Serafina asked.
“I have not decided.  My room there is convenient to the clinic and of course I still plan to teach after the wedding.  I am reluctant to give it up.”
“Good!”
Electra was surprised at the vehemence of Serafina’s tone.  She wondered if Serafina sometimes missed the independent life of a sorceress she had given up to become a princess of Henge.
“How is Prince Blackwell handling the growing evidence of the twins’ extraordinary powers?” she asked.  She knew he had refused to acknowledge his daughters’ gifts when they first became apparent.
“He still finds ways to ignore or deny them” Serafina replied.
Electra avoided Serafina’s eyes, not wanting to see any sign of hurt that might linger there.  “I am sorry to hear it.”
Serafina shrugged.  “It is just as well that the twins learn to refrain from using their gifts unnecessarily.  Such powers will make them sought after by unscrupulous people.”
“Will you teach them your knowledge of sorcery as you did me?”
“Yes, certainly.  It would not do to allow such gifts to unfold without guidance.”
“I so miss having the twins with me, though  I was afraid for the three of us when you left for Manoa and I found my mind besieged with commands to run after you and bring you back.”
Serafina laughed.  “The twins planted those commands in your mind?”
“Yes, they did.  The only thing that saved me was introducing them to Little Dagon.”
Serafina nodded.  “It seems they have not forgotten their friend.”
“We should stop by and visit him.  I am sure it would make the twins very happy,” Electra said.

They returned to the courtyard to find the twins holding several more tiny wooden animals.
Serafina looked around suspiciously but the silent men were gone.
Electra noticed Serafina’s unease.  “I saw some of the silent men coming across on the planks as we were entering the castle.  I suppose they were just being kind.  They often make whistles and animals for the village children.”
“They are searching for something,” Serafina stated.  “I saw it in the whittler’s eyes.”

They stopped by Isa’s house in the village.  Strawberry plants, recently stripped of their ripe fruit, lined the path to the door.
“Hello,” Electra called, keeping Ebony away from the door.
Olaf, Isa’s husband, opened the door a moment later.
“Hello,” he said.  “Isa just left with the boys.  She took them to the school to see the twins.”
Electra smiled.  “Thank you.  We will go there.  The twins are anxious to renew their friendship.  How are you keeping, Olaf?”
“Busy.  Between filling orders for bows and arrows and work on the castle, I am lucky to find time to eat.”  He smiled.  “Today I decided to make the time.”
“I believe we are in debt to you for our strawberries at lunch,” Electra said as she backed away from the door.  Ebony did not know Olaf and she was growling low in her throat.
Olaf waved and closed the door quickly.

They walked through the village to the school of medicine where they found the students gone and Isa clearing materials from the dining table.  She looked up, happy to see them.
“Let me just tell the boys you are here.  They are so anxious to see Esme and Shalin.”  She opened the door to the sleeping rooms and called out to her sons.
“Boys, come along.  Esme and Shalin are here.”

Serafina sat at the dining table.  “How many students have you now?”
“Over two hundred,” Electra said. “There are few other options here in Helsop.  None of the villagers can afford to hire domestic help.”
Little Dagon and Timor rushed through the door to the dining room.  Esme and Shalin shrieked to see them.  They were soon battling over the horde of little wooden animals the twins had garnered.
Electra brought out some pans and wooden spoons and settled them under the dining table.
“Where are the students?” Electra asked Isa.
“I sent some of them over to the clinic to see to our patients and the rest to the forest to look for mushrooms and wild onions.  The soldiers have brought down several deer.”
Electra’s eyes lit up.  “This is welcome news.  We will have food to tide us over.  Thanks to Serafina, we will soon have more food arriving from Henge.”  She did not mention her fear of what devastation a food shortage might bring during the long winter that lay ahead.

Chapter 7

Village of Helsop
 
The main meal of the day in Helsop had become a community affair.  Since so many of the Hammer Haven refugees were still without homes, the meal was served in and around the militia’s mess tent.  People sat on benches or stumps or rocks or blankets—whatever was available—after filling their plates at the serving line.  Flat pieces of wood became plates and people provided their own knives or ate with their fingers.
Since they had Ebony, the panther, with them, Electra, Serafina and the twins took their wooden plates off to the side near a group of the silent men.  Dagon waved and came to join them.
“The silent men appear to be leaving us,” Dagon commented, as he sat on the ground beside Electra.
“How do you know?” Electra asked, wondering if they may have broken their silence to tell him.
“We dismantled all the Vagan ships save one to use for building houses.  That one remaining ship we offered to the silent men.  We tried to indicate through sign language that they could have the ship to build their own dwelling from its planks, or they could sail off in it to their homeland—wherever that might be.  Of course they may not have understood that we were offering them the option to stay in Helsop.  In any case, today they began stocking the ship with firewood and the few blankets and supplies offered by the villagers. I believe they are preparing to leave.”
Serafina looked up from her wooden trencher of stew.  “I have sent word to Prince Blackwell that food is needed.  It should arrive in a few days.”
“Good,” Dagon said.  “Our archers have bagged several deer today, but too many days of good hunting could deplete our small forests of game.”
“Perhaps we could afford to give some dried strips of venison to the silent men for their journey home,” Electra said.
Dagon frowned.   “I will see they get enough for a few days.  I intend to give them enough line and hooks to make fishing gear as well.  Of course none of that will help if they come across the Vagans in their travels.”
“Have any Vagan ships been sighted?” Serafina asked.
“We have seen no signs of signal smoke,” Dagon replied.
“Might the Vagans have surprised and overcome your watchers?” Serafina asked.
Dagon paused in his eating to consider the possibility.  “I do not believe so.  There is enough scrub and forest to hide their camps.”  He shrugged.  “But they may be cleverer than I believe.”

Later that evening, Serafina and Electra were about to take tea when a group of silent men stopped by the school of medicine.  One of the men had an eye infection, which he pointed to, then bowed with open palms in a pose of supplication while his brothers handed toys to the twins and stroked Ebony’s soft fur.
Electra pointed to the pot of tea, then left to get medicine for the man’s eyes.  When she returned, two of the men had helped themselves to small cups of tea.
Electra showed the man with the infected eye how she wanted him to hold his head back.  Then she put several drops of a tincture of eyebright, honey and turmeric into his eye.  She held her hands up to indicate that she was finished, then made a wavy motion with her hand and pointed to Cold Lake with a questioning expression.  She was attempting to ask if he planned to leave on a ship over Cold Lake.  The man nodded and smiled as though he understood the question.  He made the same wavy motion and pointed to the lake.  
Electra put her hands together and made a short bow.  She hoped this might signify good-bye or good luck or some such thing.
The men seemed happy with her gesture and they mirrored it back to her as they left the school of medicine.
“I wonder where they came from,” Electra said to Serafina after the men left.
“Their features speak of the orient and their clothes indicate a religious sect,” Serafina commented.
“What kind of a vow would demand such a silence, I wonder?” Electra asked.
Serafina shrugged. “A sacred mission?  Perhaps they will break their silence once the mission has been accomplished.”
“After all they have endured at the hands of the Vagans, perhaps reaching home has become the mission,” Electra murmured as she covered her mouth in a yawn.
“I am suddenly tired as well,” Serafina said, covering her own yawn.”  She watched the black cat stretch under the table.  “Even Ebony is on the verge of a nap.”
They gathered up the twins and left for their bed chamber, leaving the tea cups unwashed.  It had been a long day.

The next morning Serafina’s voice cut through Electra’s deep sleep. 
“Wake up, Esme is gone.”
Electra struggled through her fog of sleep and sat up in bed.
“What?” she mumbled.  Her mouth was so dry she could hardly speak.
“We’ve been drugged,” Serafina exclaimed.  “Esme and Ebony are gone.”
Electra looked at the floor where Shalin stood alone, forlorn.
“Have you checked under the dining table?” Electra struggled to stand, feeling dizzy.
“They are not there, nor are they in any of the other rooms of the school.  It must have been the silent men who drugged our tea.  They have taken her.”
Serafina thrust Shalin into Electra’s arms.  “Take care of Shalin.  I will go after them.”
“Let me find Dagon.  He will send men to go with you.”
“There is no time.  I must leave at once.”  Serafina ran for the door.
Electra tried to think but it was difficult.  Shalin was filling her mind with frantic suggestions:  find Esme, find Ebony, run after my mother.  Electra grabbed Shalin and a cloak and ran for the militia headquarters hoping to find Dagon there.  She spoke to Shalin as she ran.
“I know Shalin.  We will do all those things.  But first we must find help.”
Electra ran through the door of the militia headquarters without knocking.  Dagon was talking to Deimos.
“Esme and Ebony have been taken,” she cried.
“What?”  Dagon’s smile on seeing her fled from his face.
“Serafina thinks the silent men drugged our tea and took Esme in the night.  She has gone after them alone.”
Dagon took a moment to marshal his thoughts.
“Find a dozen men,” he said to Deimos. “We will go after her.”
Electra ran beside Dagon as he left the post headquarters until he stopped and asked if it would not be better for her to stay behind and care for Shalin.
Electra watched as Dagon and a dozen men mounted horses and rode off at a gallop for Cold Lake.  She kissed the top of Shalin’s head and resisted the many suggestions that began to fill her own head.  She knew the source of these thoughts.  “I know Shalin, I know.  I would like to go with them as well.”

By the time the men reached Cold Lake they could see no sign of the Vagan ship that had sailed with the silent men aboard.  Were Esme and her panther on board as well?  They could see Serafina on horseback galloping along the southern shore of Cold Lake, already far in the distance.
As they turned to follow her they saw what they feared most—a thin trail of smoke lifted from the furthest outpost.  The Vagans had been sighted. 

Chapter 8

Village of Helsop

Dagon and his men continued to watch as the thin line of smoke turned into puffs of smoke.  Each puff counted one more Vagan ship headed toward Helsop.
At the twenty fifth puff they watched Serafina turn her horse and reverse course back to Helsop.  It was not difficult to guess why.  With 30 men per ship, 25 ships meant 750 armed Vagans heading toward them.  Helsop’s militia numbered only 200.  Others would fight, of course, but they were not trained soldiers.  The odds were not in Helsop’s favor.  Serafina had decided Shalin was in greater danger than Esme and Dagon would have to agree.
The puffs of smoke continued.  They stopped at 52.  Was that the number of ships or was it more?  If the Vagans had seen the puffs of smoke they may have gone ashore to kill the smoke-makers.
Dagon knew the Vagans did not yet possess the secret of the exploding arrows and this would give Helsop an advantage.  But they did have well over 1000 men.  Helsop could not hold out against so many.  The drawbridge meant to protect the villagers within the castle walls was still unfinished.  Dagon turned to Deimos, his second in command and his best friend.
“We may have to fight them as we retreat or we may be overwhelmed.  If we can seal the hole where the drawbridge should be and take all food inside the castle walls, they may be forced to retreat or starve,” he said.
“They will burn Helsop,” Deimos stated.
“I know.  It cannot be helped.  We will rebuild,” Dagon said.

Dagon and his men rode back to Helsop where they gathered the villagers together outside the school of medicine.  Dagon stood on a stump and raised his voice to be heard by all.
“Vagan ships have been sighted.  Fifty two ships, perhaps more.  Fifteen hundred men.  We must prepare for a siege.  We will fill in the rift left by the unfinished drawbridge.  We must take all food and weapons inside the castle walls.  I will send a few men to intercept the wagons of food coming from Henge.  If these men do not make it back to the castle before the Vagans attack, they will stay outside the walls and harry the Vagans from hiding places.  The remainder of the militia will take up positions on the castle wall.  Does anyone have another plan to consider?”
“I do.”  Serafina galloped to the edge of the assembled villagers, reined in to a sudden halt and spoke from the saddle of her horse.
“The Vagans are still two days away.  We have time to send word to Henge.  I will call for the army and order the food wagons stopped if they are unable to arrive here before the Vagans attack.  We should delay the Vagans as much as possible until Prince Blackwell’s army arrives.  We will set their ships afire with exploding arrows and I will set a trap for those who draw near the western shore.”
Dagon stared at Serafina.  Her eyes blazed with rage.  Dagon saw the fierce instinct to protect her young, which no doubt included Electra as well as Shalin.  He was suddenly glad he was not a Vagan, however great their odds of victory.
“And if Henge does not send soldiers?” he asked gently.
Henge will send its army.  I will send the request myself,” Serafina stated.  Her face held no glimmer of doubt.
“Are all agreed?” he shouted to the villagers?
The villagers hesitated.  They liked Dagon’s plan better, simply because they trusted him.  But like Dagon, they were reluctant to stand against a sorceress filled with vengeance.  Some nodded, most shrugged, unable to make a decision.
Dagon did not hesitate.  “Archers!  We will prepare to defend the southern shore and set up a line to send out our exploding arrows.  Gather your supplies.”
The archers scattered to gather their bows, arrows and the precious explosive powders before leaving for Cold Lake.
Dagon called the castle builders together.  “You must seal up the castle entrance as well as you are able.  You have a day—two at the most.  Leave ladders for the archers and swordsmen.  We will fall back and retreat ahead of the Vagans, gallop back to the castle, climb the ladders and pull them in behind us.  Make sure you take all the food in the village inside the walls with you.  No goose or loaf of bread must be left behind for the Vagans.”
When the castle builders had their plan to fill the drawbridge gap, Dagon rode to the school to find Electra.  He found her in the kitchen, packing food in buckets.
“I think we should also send a message to Fernland seeking aid.  Serafina seems sure of help from Henge but I am not.  It might be best if the message to King Geoffrey comes from you.”
Electra nodded, eager to help.  “I will send it off at once.”
“Tell him to bring what soldiers and archers he has ready.  We cannot wait while he raises an army.  And send along exploding powder for his archers.  I will ask Tandor to take the message.  He is our fastest rider.”
Electra put her hand on Dagon’s forearm.  She tried to hide her anxiety.  “And you? Where will you be when the Vagans come ashore?”
“I will be waiting for them with the other swordsmen,” he said in a firm voice.  “And you will be in the castle keep.  Promise me.”
Electra nodded.  She knew any argument would be futile. “I will keep Shalin with me while Serafina lays her trap.”
“Good.”  Dagon gave Electra a quick hug and ran off to his next order of preparation for battle.

Electra settled Shalin on the chair beside her as she prepared to write her message to her father.  She did not want Shalin at her usual place under the dining table.  With Esme and Ebony gone, it would be too traumatic for the youngster.  After giving Shalin a little bread and jam, she unrolled a blank scroll, took a feathered quill in hand and looked to the ceiling for inspiration.
Choosing each word with care, she began to write.

Dear Father,

We are under attack from Vagans.  They are fifty ships or more heading toward us on Cold Lake.  We will fight them from the shore, then retreat to the castle—though the drawbridge is unfinished.  If you can send soldiers to help and they arrive in time we might be saved.  I am sending the exploding powders along with our messenger.

Your loving daughter,
Electra

Serafina swept into the room and kissed Shalin on the top of her dark hair.
Electra held out her finished scroll and Serafina took it to read.
“This should bring results,” she said as she handed the scroll back to Electra, “although I believe it unnecessary.  Have you another scroll that I might use?”
Electra brought her a blank scroll and passed the quill to her.  “Do you really think Prince Blackwell will send his army?”
Electra knew that Blackwell’s army was large, well-trained and well-armed.  It would mean Helsop’s salvation if they came, but Blackwell would only send them if it was in his interest to do so.
“Yes.  He will send the army and he will come along to command it.”
“Why would he do that?  Would he not be more apt to order you and Shalin back to the safety of Henge?”
“Because Esme has been kidnapped,” Serafina said.
Electra drew in a quick breath.  Would Serafina really mislead her husband about who had kidnapped his daughter?
Serafina began to write.  “Call my guards.  I need them ready to take this message as soon as it is finished,” she ordered.

Chapter 9

Village of Helsop
  
Serafina held Shalin on her lap as she looked into Electra’s crystal ball.  Electra sat across from Serafina at the dining table in the school of medicine.
“I see Esme,” Serafina said.  She held the crystal ball so that Shalin could look into the globe with her.
“Es” Shalin said, touching the shifting clouds within the crystal ball.
“Very good, Shalin,” Serafina said.  “Yes, this shows us where Esme is now.”  She turned to a startled Electra.
“Shalin can see Esme in the ball?” she asked.
“Apparently,” Serafina replied.  “It looks as though the silent men took a northern route on Cold Lake to avoid pursuit.  They will not cross paths with the Vagan ships.”
“Is Esme all right?” Electra asked, gripping the table tightly.
“They treat her as their goddess.  Finding their new goddess was the object of their quest.”
“Have they broken their silence?” Electra asked.
Serafina nodded.  “They sing to her, some sort of chant.”  She shook her head in disgust.  “She is in no immediate danger.”  Serafina turned the globe slightly to the left, closed her eyes briefly and then looked again into the cloudy orb.  “The Vagans are a day away.  More than fifty ships.  Many more.”
Electra’s face paled.  “Should we tell Dagon?  He may choose to evacuate Helsop.”
“No.  It is better we stay and fight.”  She tipped the globe up and slightly away.  “The armies will come to Helsop’s defense.”
Electra took a deep breath. “We are storing all the food in the village inside the castle walls.”  She looked around at the school she had come to love.  “They will surely burn the school.”
“The Vagans may keep the school to shelter themselves if they plan a siege, though I doubt they have the provisions for a lengthy siege.”
Electra found hope in Serafina’s words.  “Is there more we could do to prepare?  A day seems so soon, yet a day of waiting seems too long.”
“Do as much as possible to seal the entrance to the castle.  That is the place they will try to batter down.  Sleep if you can.  I must go to prepare my own snare for our Vagan guests.”
“Will you work your sorcery from within the castle walls?”
“No.  I will lay a trap at Cold Lake.  Be sure you have a ladder ready when I return.”
Serafina kissed Shalin, gave Electra a quick one-armed hug, and thrust her child into Electra’s arms.  Shalin put out her little arms toward her mother, but Serafina was already at the door.  Whatever thoughts Shalin was sending to her mother were having no effect.  Serafina did not look back.
Electra hugged Shalin tightly.  “I am here, Little One.  We will be all right.”
A tear ran down Shalin’s cheek and her dark eyes challenged Electra’s.
“Let us go and find Little Dagon” Electra said.  “I have an idea he may be at the castle.  The two of you can play in the storage sheds.”
Shalin’s little face showed a momentary interest which quickly changed into an expression of wariness.

The castle swarmed with activity.  Already the entrance was transformed.  The huge, unfinished drawbridge had been somehow pulled inside the walls and the stone masons were hard at work filling the entrance with a wall of stones.  Electra carried Shalin across the river on temporary wooden planks which would later be removed by the returning Helsop militia men.  She climbed up one of the ladders leaning against the castle wall while holding Shalin with one arm and the ladder rungs with the other arm.  When she reached the top, Layla was waiting to take the child from her and help her over the top onto the ramp below.
“Are all the students here now?” Electra asked.
“I think so,” Layla said.  “There is too much confusion to know for sure.”
“I should have sent you back to Fernland with the messenger,” Electra said, tapping her forehead with her wrist.
“My father will come with the soldiers,” Layla said.  “I could not leave while others are in danger.”
Layla’s father, Haddad, was a ship builder in Fernland, one of the refugees from Taz.  He had been reluctant to allow his daughter to come to Helsop to study at the school of medicine.  It looked as though his reluctance was justified.
Electra took Shalin’s hand.  “I hoped to find Little Dagon to keep Shalin occupied.”
Layla smiled at the little girl.  She knew her twin had been abducted.  News traveled fast in Helsop.  “I saw Isa filling water barrels for the keep,” she said.

Electra found Isa by the trough that diverted a thin stream of water under the castle wall from the river outside to the cistern inside.  She put Shalin down and the child quickly walked over to join Little Dagon as he steered a tiny wooden boat along the water in the trough.
Electra grabbed a bucket and began helping Isa to fill a barrel with water.  “Do you think we will need more water than the cistern holds?” Electra asked.
Isa shrugged.  “They could foul the water in the stream.  If the cistern is poisoned we will use the barrels.”
Electra sighed, realizing she could not conceive of all the evil war could bring.
“I had hoped to distract Shalin from her worries.  I am glad to have found Little Dagon.”
Isa smiled as she watched the children play together.  Little Dagon was very blonde, like his mother, a year older than Shalin.  He allowed Shalin to take a turn setting the little wooden boat afloat in the water running from the river to the cistern.  She laughed when the little boat swam with the current.  “I believe your plan is working,” Isa said, “Shalin seems quite diverted from any worry.”
“Where is Timor?”  Electra looked around for Isa’s older son.
“He is with the older boys.  They are rolling rocks to the men, filling in the entrance.”  Now it was Isa’s turn to look around.  “Where is Serafina?”
“She has some feat of sorcery planned for the Vagans at Cold Lake.”
Isa gave an involuntary shiver.  “I am so glad she is on our side.”
Electra suppressed a smile.  “What needs doing most urgently?  Shall I stay and help fill barrels?”
“No.  I am almost finished.  I have no more barrels to fill.  The students have brought the cots and supplies from the clinic in case we have wounded.”
Electra nodded.  “We will make the keep our clinic.  Have we food for many days?”
“The villagers have packed up the mess tent along with all food.  We still have venison left.  With rationing we should have food for three or four days, no more.”
“It will have to do.  We sent messages off to Henge and Fernland.  If there is no delay, Henge’s army should arrive in three days.”
Isa looked up from her work.  “Do you really think Prince Blackwell will send his army to Helsop’s defense?”
“Serafina thinks so and she is rarely mistaken,” Electra said.
Isa bit her lower lip and stayed silent as she thought,’ there is always a first time’.

Chapter 10

The Road to Fernland

Tandor rode without stopping, Electra’s message to King Geoffrey tucked into his boot.  He knew how important it was to get the message calling for Fernland’s help to the king—still, he would rather have joined the swordsmen at Cold Lake.  It felt somehow wrong to be galloping away from Helsop when they were about to be attacked by Vagans.  He came to a curve in the road and his horse skidded to a stop.
Just around the curve, a group of people struggled to keep a wide cart from going off the road.
“Take the Thief?  Is that you?” Tandor shouted, recognizing the man who seemed to be giving instructions to the others.
Take looked up.  “Yes, it’s me, more’s the pity,” he said, giving the cart a kick.  He looked at Tandor.  “I know you—uh, what’s your name again?”
“Tandor of Helsop.”
“Yes, of course, Tandor.  What brings you to Fernland?”
Tandor decided it was no secret.  “Helsop is under attack by Vagans.  I am taking a message to the king asking that he send his soldiers to save us.”
Take’s mouth fell open.  He did not know what to say.
Tandor maneuvered his horse around the cart carefully to avoid falling off the bank and into the river below.
“I’ve no time to tarry,” Tandor said as he galloped off.

Take and his fellow actors looked at one another in shock.
Tom, Take’s best friend, kept his voice low, as though someone might be listening out here in the forest.
“Them Vagans be nothin’ more nor less than pirates, ya know.  River pirates but pirates all the same.”
Bear, one of the actors who usually expected the worst in any situation, agreed.  “They’re cut-throats an’ thank the stars, we’re well away from ‘em.”
Smiles, Bear’s best friend, usually saw the best in any situation.  “They’ll be a needin’ our help in Helsop.”  Smiles spoke softly but the big man towered over his fellow actors.  He could not be ignored.
Bear threw his hands in the air.  “What kind a help would we be?  A bunch a actors without a sword between us all?  Besides, we’ve got the ladies ta think of.”  Bear put his arm protectively around his wife, Peaches’ shoulders.  The top of Bear’s head was just level with the top of his wife’s shoulders.
“That’s so,” Tom agreed, smiling at his own wife, Angie.
Angie spoke up.  “We could maybe help by telling Prince Blackwell that he should send his big ole army over to help out.”
Take shook his head.  “Prince Blackwell would never do anything on our say-so.”
“But you’re ‘is brother,” Smiles said.
“His illegitimate brother.  And after my father saying he wants to set me up as king in Prince Blackwell’s place, I doubt Prince Blackwell thinks on me kindly.”
“Ye could be wrong there, ya know.  It was the Prince hisself sent us an invite ta perform in ‘is new theatre,” Tom said.  “Could be he’s changed ‘is mind about ya.”
“He’s just trying to placate the old king by inviting us.  And I don’t want to upset the applecart by telling him to send his army into someone else’s war.  Not that he’d do it anyway.”
Trixie looked from one to another of her fellow actors, trying to see where this argument would lead. “Should we just go on to Henge then?  As though nothing has happened?”
“Can’t do that neither,” Tom said.  “We got ta pass right by Helsop ta get ta the road ta Henge.  Likely we’d get caught in the fight if it spreads out far enough.”
Tom’s wife Angie held his hand.  “Do you think we should go back to Fernland?”
Take shook his head before Tom could answer.  “We can’t do that.  We’re already a day and a half out.  By the time we got close to Fernland, King Geoffrey’s army would overtake us.  Then we would get conscripted into the army like last time and King Geoffrey will make the decision for us.”
The group stayed silent for a while, thinking.
“I say we go on to Helsop and try to help,” Smiles said.
“Can we at least send the women on back?” Bear asked.  “King Geoffrey won’t conscript them.”
“I’m not goin’ back without you,” Peaches said in a firm voice.
”Nor me neither,” Angie agreed.
They all looked at Trixie.
“Well, I’m fer certain not goin’ back alone,” she said in a huffy voice.
“Let’s not be hasty now,” Take put in.  “I think we should stop here awhile and explore the options, so to speak.”
The group settled itself in the middle of the road and Angie dug out a flask of apple juice and some cheese from the cart that carried their props and costumes.
Take drank from the flask of apple juice before passing it on to Tom.  “We could leave the cart at the bottom of the plateau and sneak up the rise to get a feel for what’s going on in Helsop.”
“I like that idea,” Tom said, wiping his mouth with his sleeve.  “Always best ta know what yer walkin’ into.”
“Maybe if we wore our costumes they’d let us pass by,” Trixie said.
Everyone looked at Trixie as though she’d lost her mind.
“Why do ya think that would make a difference, Dearie?” Angie asked gently before the others could ridicule her friend.
“Cause they’d see we was actors an’ not fighters, a course,” Trixie said, wondering why she was the only one to see the sense of what she was proposing.
“Yes.  That makes sense,” Angie said, giving the others a fierce look that told them to keep their sarcastic remarks to themselves.  “Course with cut-throat pirates ya can never be sure what they’ll do.”
Trixie nodded.  “Maybe so.”
“We could just wait here, an’ join the army when King Geoffrey catches up ta us,” Smiles said with a shrug.
Tom and Take both shook their head at the same time.  They had been in King Geoffrey’s last army.
“Once you’re in the army you lose your freedom to decide what you want to do and what you don’t.  Trust me—anything’s better than that,” Take said.
“We don’t seem to be gettin’ anywhere close ta’ knowin’ what ta’ do even with all our freedom,” Bear said.  “Maybe we should just hide out in the forest till the army goes past, then.”
No one seemed happy with that suggestion.
“We want to know what’s going on there in Helsop,” Angie said.  “Admit it, we’re curious as cats.”
“That there’s the truth in a nut shell,” Tom agreed.
“All right,” Take said.  “We’ll keep on to the base of Helsop’s plateau, wait for nightfall, and then decide what to do next.  All agreed?”
The actors nodded, though not enthusiastically.

Chapter 11

Cold Lake

Serafina found Dagon arranging Helsop’s archers in a long line on the southern shore of Cold Lake.  Each archer had packets of explosive powder already attached to the arrows in their quivers.
“How far over the lake will your arrows fly?” Serafina asked.
“Some of our archers can shoot a hundred yards or more,” Dagon replied, with pride in his voice.
“Then I will set my whirlpool at two hundred yards to catch the ships as they try to escape the arrows,” she said.
“You can make a whirlpool?”  Dagon focused his attention on Serafina.
“Yes.  I will need the use of a raft.”
Dagon gave her a doubtful look.  “Use whatever you need.”
“The raft will be sufficient,” she replied.

Serafina set to work.  She affixed a long fishing pole to the center of a raft in such a way that the pole could pivot in its casing.  Next she hooked a slender chain to the fishing pole so that the end would hang just below the surface of the lake.  Reaching into her sorcery bag, she pulled out several vials of colored powders.  These she held out over the water as she whispered a spell.  Archers watched her with rapt attention until Dagon ordered them back to their own preparations.
Touching a burning stick to the underside of a tin cup, she cooked a mixture of dried plants, powders, liquids and other suspicious ingredients.  The finished product—a gooey paste that looked terrible and smelled worse—she wrapped in a leaf, then tied the small bundle with string.  Finally she hooked the stuffed leaf to the bit of chain that hung in the water, just ahead of a school of fish that were attracted to the scent.
Satisfied with her creation, Serafina pushed the raft away from shore and rowed out two hundred yards.  She began turning the fishing pole slowly around the raft in a counter-clockwise direction.  Before long she had attracted a large number of fish with her foul smelling bait.  They circled the raft keeping pace with the circling leaf moving just below the surface of the water.
She began to chant softly as she continued to swing the chain in a broad circle through the water.
Around and down
Around and down
Circle seep
Through the deep

Quicken, quicken
Heed the Wiccan
Whirlpool turn
Draw and churn

Serafina ducked down beneath the pole which continued to circle now of its own volition.  The whirlpool began to form, pulling the water down round the raft.  The pole rotated faster and faster until Serafina pulled her bait from the water, stuffed the leaf in her tunic and wrapped the empty chain around the fishing pole.  She quickly dipped her oar into the water and pushed the raft free before the force of the building whirlpool could suck her raft down into its growing spiral.
As Serafina rowed back to shore the whirlpool spread into a dark funnel, its circumference equal to the length of two Vagan ships.
Dagon was waiting on shore to haul the raft onto the rocky beach.  “How long will the whirlpool stay there?” he asked with a worried expression.
“Until I release it,” Serafina replied with an amused smile.
“What will it do with a ship that it catches?”
“Swallow it,” she said, “until I order the whirlpool to spit it out.”
“You want the whirlpool to spit the ships back out?”
“I have need of a ship,” she replied with a dangerous expression.
Dagon nodded as he tried to control the shiver that usually accompanied his witnessing one of Serafina’s dark achievements.  “Thank you for your help.”  He was uncomfortable accepting help that put him in debt to Serafina and tried to think of a way to repay that debt.  “You will need men to accompany you when you go in search of Esme.  Perhaps we may be of help to you in that.”
“Esme is in no danger at the moment.”  Serafina quickly changed the subject.  “What orders have you given your militia?”
Dagon looked along the shoreline now flanked with a long row of archers.  “We will try to shoot for each ship’s waterline in hopes of exploding a hole that will sink the ship.  If the ships are strung out in a line, as I hope, we may sink a good many.  Those Vagans who make it to shore will be met by a line of swordsmen.  We will fall back gradually if we are still outnumbered as they come ashore.  Then we will take refuge within the castle walls and hope for help from Fernland or Henge.”
“There are not fifty ships.  There are more than a hundred,” Serafina said in a calm voice.
Dagon paled.  “How do you know?”
Serafina flipped her hand up in a gesture of dismissal.  “I know.”  She narrowed her eyes and considered the line of archers.  “The archers will be helpful as long as the surprise lasts.  But once the ships come ashore, the archers should make for the castle.  The swordsmen will be of no use.  They will be outnumbered and slaughtered.  Those without bows should leave now and set up defenses within the castle.  Help will come first from Henge.”
“Are you so sure Prince Blackwell will send his army to Helsop’s defense?”  Dagon asked.
Serafina’s only reply was an arched eyebrow, as if to ask why he would ever doubt anything she said.
Dagon looked at his crowd of swordsmen.  They would not take kindly to an order of retreat before the Vagans even came into view.  He ran his hand through his hair and debated.  He faced Serafina with a curious expression.  “What did you say in your message to Prince Blackwell?”
“That Esme was kidnapped.”
“But that wasn’t the Vagans…” Dagon’s voice faded as Serafina’s half-truth unfolded in its implications.  “I see,” he murmured.
Dagon called out to Deimos.  “We have a change of plan.”

As soon as Dagon was gone, Serafina called her three waiting guards to her.
“I will go shortly to join the others within the castle.  One of you will remain at the castle to guard Shalin and Electra.  The other two will head back towards Henge to intercept the army at the top of the ridge.  I want Prince Blackwell to know he must attack immediately.  He must not hold off thinking the Vagans hold Esme prisoner.  If the food carts arrive before the Vagans attack the castle, one of you will accompany the carts back to the castle and help fling the food quickly over the wall.  You will need to erect a catapult to make this possible. Any questions?”
“No, Your Highness,” the Captain said, saluting smartly.
“Go then,” Serafina ordered.
The three guards rode off in a cloud of dust.  Serafina took a last look out to Cold Lake where her whirlpool swirled furiously, a dark hole on the surface of the water.  Then she lay down on the raft, wrapped herself in her cloak and prepared to take a nap while she waited for the Vagans to arrive.

Chapter 12

Kingdom of Henge

Prince Blackwell walked along beside his father who was proudly giving him a tour of the completed theatre.
“I should not tell you this—it will likely spoil the effect—but this…” Old Blackwell tapped the floor of the stage with his cane, “this is a hidden trap door.”  He waved one of the gypsy workmen over to the spot where the door was hidden.  “Watch this,” he said to his son.
The gypsy grinned and slid a panel of wood aside to reveal a metal pin.  He removed the pin and the wooden trap door swung down on hidden hinges.
“See there?” Old Blackwell’s face lit up like a child’s.  “This is how you make someone disappear on stage. Good work Darwa,” he said, slapping the gypsy on the back.
The gypsy, Darwa, nodded, his own face lit with pride.
These gypsies turn out to know what they’re about,” the old king continued.  “Now let me show you the back stage rooms.”
Prince Blackwell was suitably impressed with the completed theatre and happy to see his father in a good mood.  He did not look forward to having the actors staying in Henge again, but supposed he could put up with it.
“The theatre is quite impressive.  I am sure Phinn will not have seen its match,” Prince Blackwell said.
Old Blackwell searched his son’s face for any trace of insincerity.  Finding none, he moved closer and spoke in a low voice.
“I thought maybe we could offer Phinn a job here.  It might make him want to stay.  You know—something with a title attached.”
Prince Blackwell was taken aback by the request.  “You mean something like Lord High Commissioner in charge of theatre production?”  His voice held a hint of irony and a barely suppressed laugh.
Old Blackwell’s face broke into a smile.  “Yes.  Like that!  Do you think he might like that?”
Prince Blackwell could see his father was serious and tried to hide his derision.  “Perhaps I could think of something less blatant.”
Old king Blackwell gave his son a suspicious glance.  “What’s blatant about it?”
“It sounds like a title hatched from the air which is exactly what it is.”
The old king frowned at his son.  “You’re the one good with words.  You think up something.”
“I will work on it.  But you do realize Take, I mean Phinn, has never shown an interest in living here in Henge.”
Old Blackwell jabbed his cane into the air.  “That is because we have never offered him any reason to stay.”
Prince Blackwell sighed.  “Let me think about it,” he said in a voice he hoped would signal an end to the discussion. 
Old Blackwell opened his mouth to continue the argument but was interrupted by a messenger running up an aisle of the theatre.
“I bring an urgent message from Princess Serafina,” he gasped.
Prince Blackwell jumped down from the stage to tear open the message.

My Husband, 
We are under attack by Vagan river pirates.  Esme has been kidnapped.  Bring the army at once to Helsop.
Your Serafina

Prince Blackwell’s hand shook as he handed the message up to his father on the stage.  “How can this be?  Only yesterday I sent off carts of food to Helsop in exchange for weapons.”
“There is no time to wonder,” Old Blackwell said.  “We’ve got to move.”
His father’s words shook him free of his inaction.  He gave the waiting messenger three commands in rapid succession.  “Alert the officers.  Gather the generals.  Call a meeting in the mess hall at once.”

Within minutes most of the generals were seated in the mess hall.
Prince Blackwell strode into the room with a grim expression.  “The army must be ready to march as soon as possible.  Her majesty Serafina and the royal family are under attack by pirates in Helsop.”
The generals began to murmur amongst themselves.  How could there be pirates in Helsop?
“These are river pirates, called Vagans,” Blackwell continued.  “No doubt they have traveled over Cold Lake to get there.”
The generals nodded.  They had heard of Vagans, though only rumors.
“They have kidnapped Princess Esme.”
There was a great intake of breath as the generals considered the implications.
“We will not delay.  Timeliness is all,” Blackwell finished.
“Will we use our secret weapons?” one of the generals asked.
Prince Blackwell knew he referred to the exploding arrows.  Soldiers were forbidden to even mention them on penalty of death.
“We will. See to it.  And let us hope they are till now a secret from the Vagans.”  Prince Blackwell decided he had no more time for questions.  He needed to get ready himself for the battle to come.  “Dismissed!” he shouted.
The generals scurried from the room yelling out orders to any soldiers within hearing distance.
Within minutes the sound of drums and bugles filled the air.  Horses were rounded up and saddled.  Carts were wheeled out of storage and piled high with everything needed for a serious campaign: food, tents, blankets, weapons, barrels of water, the precious exploding powders, candles, tools, wood; the list went on.  Not only the soldiers were alerted—cooks, messengers, apothecaries, blacksmiths, porters and many others were summoned.  Henge City would become a city of women and children once the army moved east.

Prince Blackwell descended the stairs in full armor to find his father struggling into his own chain mail shirt.
“Father!  You are too old to be going into battle.”
“Nonsense.  You need me.  I have experience.”
“I have no time to argue with you.”
“Good.  Then don’t.”
“I order you to stay here.”
“No.”
Prince Blackwell closed his eyes for a second, then turned away and made for the door.
Old king Blackwell managed to get his chain mail shirt over his head and then followed his son out the door.
The old king saw a soldier running past and put up his hand.  “Bring the royal coach,” he ordered.
The soldier looked from the old king to Prince Blackwell who was already too far away to hear or see what his father was doing.
“Right away, Sir,” the soldier said with a smart salute.

Chapter 13

Outside Helsop

Take the Thief and his troupe of actors were happy to leave their heavy cart full of props at the base of the rise leading up to Helsop’s plateau.  They waited until dusk to begin the long trek up the steep rise.
Tom leaned close to Take’s ear to whisper.  “What do ya think we ought ta do if we come on ta some a them pirate folk?”
“Just stay quiet and hope they don’t see us,” Take answered.
“Oh, sorry,” Tom whispered.
“No, I mean, that’s what we should do if we see them,” Take clarified.
“Right. I got ya.  That’s a good idea,” Tom said with enthusiasm.
Take shook his head, wondering if they should be doing this at all.  It had seemed a better idea than waiting to be swept up into King Geoffrey’s army, but he had no idea what awaited them at the top of the ridge.
Bear muttered another of his warnings.  “We should at least try to find some big sticks.  We got no way ta defend ourselves.”
Trixie held up a short piece of wood.  “Here’s a stick.”
Bear looked at Trixie’s offering.  It was about a foot in length.  He snorted in disgust.  “Bout the only thing that’s good for is ta stand on ta make yerself look a little bit taller.”
Angie glared at Bear.  “Yer the one wanted a stick.  You could at least throw it at ‘em.”
“Forget I said anything,” Bear said.  “We’ll just throw rocks at ‘em.”
“Be quiet,” Take warned, “we’re getting close to the top of the plateau.  Let’s get off the road and find some cover before we come in view of the outpost.”

The group left the road and pulled their way to the top, gripping the branches of small bushes and trees.
“I can see over the top now,” Smiles whispered.  Smiles was a giant of a man.  He and his short friend, Bear, made an odd looking pair but they had been friends for a long time and were partners in a bakery booth at Fernland’s market place, in addition to being part of Take’s acting troupe.  Bear watched anxiously as Smiles crept forward to check the outpost for signs of life.  “I don’t think there’s a one there,”  the big man whispered.  “Neither friend ner foe.”
“That’s odd,” Take said.  “Dagon always keeps guards there to monitor who goes in and out of Helsop.”  He paused to think.  If there was a battle going on they should hear some shouting or exploding arrows.  “I don’t hear any noise coming from the village.”
Smiles shook his head.  “I don’t see nothin’ and I don’t hear nothin’.”
Take braced himself against a small tree growing out of the steep slope.  “I guess one of us should go on into Helsop and see who’s there.  If it’s Vagans, we can sneak back down the rise and warn King Geoffrey’s army about what they’ll be up against.”
“Wait just a minute,” Bear hissed.  “What if it be a trap?  What if the Vagans be hiding just waiting fer someone ta walk in unawares?”
Take frowned.  “So what is it you think we should do then?”
Bear screwed up his mouth.  “In truth—I don’t know.”
Tom pushed himself up to peer over the ridge.  “Why don’t we all go, but like spies, ya know?  Sneaky like.”
The group made its sneaky way back to the road with a great deal of slipping, sliding and shushing one another.  They tiptoed past the deserted outpost station normally manned by Helsop militia.  As they neared the cut off that led east to Henge, and away from Helsop, they stopped.
Take felt responsible for his little acting troupe.  He decided to give them one last chance to avoid trouble.  He turned to face his friends.  “We could turn off and go on to Henge without our props.  We could just make do with what props we can gather up from Henge’s market place and put on a performance with that.  We don’t need to go on into Helsop.”
The actors took a moment to consider Take’s offer.  It would mean leaving their friends in Helsop unaided, but what could they really offer in the way of help anyway with no weapons and no fighting experience?
“I hear something coming,” Peaches whispered.
Take put his ear to the ground.  “I hear it too.  Horses.  Let’s take cover.”
The actors ran in several different directions in the dark, searching for trees and big rocks to hide behind.  Within minutes the noise intensified and a line of carts rolled down the hill accompanied by soldiers on horses.
The point guard that Serafina had sent to intercept the food carts stopped where the road from Henge intersected with the road leading north into Helsop and south to Fernland.
“All’s quiet.  I think we have arrived in time,” the guard shouted.  Then something in the road drew his attention and he dismounted.
“Bring a light.  I’ve got fresh tracks,” he said.
Take emerged from behind a tree.  “Those would be our tracks,” he said.
Twenty Henge soldiers drew their swords.
Take held his arms away from his body to show he carried no weapons.  “We are on our way to Henge.  We are the acting troupe Prince Blackwell sent for.”
The lead soldier squinted his eyes to see better in the dark.  “You are Phinn, the old king’s son.”
Take nodded.  “I fear I am.”  He knew the soldier remembered him and his actors from their last stay in Henge.
“Where’s the rest of your lot?” the soldier asked.
Slowly the other actors stepped out from their hiding places.
“You’d all best come with us,” the soldier said.  “I don’t think there will be any performances in Henge just now.  There’s a message gone to Henge to call out the army.”
“Will Prince Blackwell truly send his army to Helsop’s defense?”  A note of surprise came through Take’s voice.
But the soldier was finished answering questions.
“Jump on a cart—all of you, and hold on tight,” he ordered, as he spurred his horse forward.
The actors ran to find space on the carts loaded with food.  They barely had time to find hand holds before they were off and rolling fast to Helsop’s castle.

At Helsop’s castle, torches lined the high walls.  Villagers were climbing up ladders leaning against the outer walls.  When they saw the carts coming from the west, they began to scurry back down.
“Food from Henge,” they shouted.
Other faces appeared atop the castle walls.  Before long, a line of men was organized to toss up food from the carts to waiting hands atop the walls. Sides of beef were thrown up and over the wall in a make-shift catapult that was then dismantled.  Smiling faces and others awash in tears of gratitude greeted the newcomers.  Within minutes, the carts were emptied and the actors along with the soldiers from Henge were up and over the walls into the safety of the castle.
Those villagers who remembered the actors from their entertainment at Electra’s betrothal party came forward to greet them and thank them for coming.  Electra appeared carrying a small child.  She was clearly mystified to see the acting troupe.
“I never expected to see you and your acting troupe come to our aid,” she said to Take.
“In truth we never expected to be here,” Take said, pausing to look around.  “But that is a story for another time.  What happens now?”
Electra pointed toward Cold Lake.  “We wait,” she said, her voice soft and foreboding.

Chapter 14

Kingdom of Fernland 

Fernland’s royal court was in session.  Petitioners lined up outside the doors to the throne room and waited their turn to be heard.
King Geoffrey sat on his throne looking down at his first petitioner.  The man was requesting the right to water his sheep on King’s River, claiming the creek which normally served to water his flock had gone dry this summer.
King Geoffrey turned to his son, who sat at his left hand.  The king had decided Prince Avor, at age sixteen, needed to begin learning to judge disputes so he asked him to be present on court days.
“What would your decision be in this case?” King Geoffrey asked Prince Avor.
Prince Avor was surprised and pleased to be asked.  He thought carefully before answering.
“Has he increased his herd of sheep of late?” Avor asked in a voice so low only his father could hear.
King Geoffrey’s face lit up with a smile.  “Exactly the question I would have asked,” he said, beaming with pride.  “He may be over extending his allotted resources.”
Prince Avor nodded.  “We must be careful of fouling the river downstream.”
King Geoffrey was about to question the man further when the sergeant at arms announced the arrival of a messenger.  The messenger staggered into the throne room, clearly exhausted.  King Geoffrey recognized the messenger as one of Dagon’s militia men.
“You bring news from Helsop?” King Geoffrey asked.
Tandor raised a tired arm up to drop the scroll into the king’s hand.  “A message from the Princess Electra,” he said with a bowed head.
King Geoffrey unrolled the scroll and turned pale.  He stood and shouted.  “Summon the generals.  Alert the Palace Guard.  We leave at once for Helsop.”
“What is it?” Prince Avor asked.
King Geoffrey hesitated for a moment as he considered his son.  Then he handed the scroll to Prince Avor.
“I suppose you are old enough now to join us, though your mother will not be pleased with my decision”
Prince Avor quickly read the message and stood up.  “Thank you father, for allowing me to go.”
King Geoffrey put his hand to his chin, thinking.  “Do you suppose Haddad and the Taz men would want to join us?  I know his daughter is a student now at Electra’s school of medicine.”
Prince Avor hesitated. He knew Haddad would want to join the fight for his daughter’s sake and he also knew his father could use the extra strength the men from Taz could provide.  But that meant riding to King’s Lake to alert them.  He did not want his father and the Palace Guard to leave without him.
“Yes.  He and his men would want to come.  We could send this messenger from Helsop on to King’s Lake to tell them.”
King Geoffrey shook his head.  “They may not trust a messenger from Helsop.  You must go yourself.  They know you and trust you.”  The king put his hand on Avor’s shoulder.  “It is a decision a future king would make.”
Prince Avor frowned, then nodded.  “I will leave at once.  If we travel without carts to slow us down, we should catch up to you before you reach Helsop.”
“Will you say goodbye to your mother?” King Geoffrey asked.
Prince Avor shook his head, appalled at the idea.  “She would only delay my departure.  Please—tell her I will be careful.”
King Geoffrey hated telling Queen Delphinia almost as much as Prince Avor did.  He knew she would despair of losing both her children in the battle to come.  He also knew there was no time to waste.  He signaled the sergeant at arms that the King’s audience was closed and left the throne room quickly.

Prince Avor ran to the stable to get his horse.  He shooed the stable boy aside and saddled his horse himself to save time.  He made the trip to King’s Lake in record time.  He found Haddad aboard the unfinished barge the Taz men were building for his father and mother.
Haddad peered over the railing and smiled.
“Aah, Prince Avor.  Finished so soon?  No disputes in Fernland to be decided today?”
“Fernland is at war.  Vagan pirates have attacked Helsop.  My father has already left with the Palace Guard.”
“What?  Pirates in Helsop?  How can that be?”  Haddad had visited Helsop when he enrolled his daughter Layla in the school of medicine.  He knew Helsop was situated on an inland plateau with no access to the sea.
“River pirates.  They have come across Cold Lake.”  Prince Avor wanted to add that this was no doubt Dagon’s fault for going to rescue prisoners at Hammer Haven, but he did not want to go into it now.  They had no time to waste.
“My daughter is there,” Haddad said, fear coming to his face.
“I know.  That is why I took the time to come here and tell you.  If you want to join the fight we must leave at once.”  Prince Avor turned his horse as though he might leave without Haddad.
Haddad began to climb down the scaffolding that supported the barge.  “Of course we will go. Just let me gather my men.  We won’t be long.”
Prince Avor looked out to the road with longing, but sighed and nodded.  “All right.  Let me help to gather them.  You can tell them all at the same time.  You ride east to the dwellings and I will ride west to those working at the mill.”
Prince Avor rode along the shore of King’s Lake to the edge of the forest where carts full of felled trees were being stripped of bark and rolled down to a flat area where they were sawed into lumber with long, four-handled saw blades.
He stood up on his stirrups and shouted to the men in the Taz language which he now spoke fluently after many months as Haddad’s apprentice.
“Haddad has need of men who can fight.  Bring your horses—those who have horses; meet at the barge at once,” Avor told the men.
The men looked at one another with puzzled expressions, but they had become used to talking orders from Prince Avor and they left their work to head for the barge.

Chapter 15

Cold Lake near Helsop

Serafina watched as the long line of Vagan ships emerged from the mist.  They came slowly, their huge sails furled and tied off.  The oars dipped rhythmically into the dark water.  The Vagans certainly feared a trap.
A militia man from the furthest outpost along Cold Lake galloped up to Dagon to give his report.
“We had to leave off our count midway,” the man said, wiping his brow with his sleeve and breathing heavily.  “There are many more ships then we had time to signal.  They came ashore, four boats of them, when they saw our smoke.  We had to run for it.  Lucky we had horses and were able to get away.”
“It is all right,” Dagon said.  “We know there are more than one hundred ships.  We have planned accordingly.  Tell your men to take up bows and exploding arrows and stand ready.  Aim for a spot just above the waterline.”
All the militia men, swordsmen and archers alike, waited armed with bows and exploding arrows, hidden behind bushes and rocks, watching for Dagon’s signal to send their packets of explosives into the hulls of Vagan ships.  The sentries had observed bows and arrows strapped to the backs of their Vagan pursuers, so they knew they could only expect to send aloft one volley of exploding arrows before expecting a return volley of Vagan arrows.
The Vagan ships stayed spread over a long length, wary of bunching together in case of just such a trap as Dagon had devised.  The Helsop men were also spread in a long line on shore, but only so long a line as would allow then to outrun the Vagans back to the safety of the castle.
The leading Vagan ships nudged closer to shore.  Their prows were carved with the heads of toothy monsters.  Heavy shields lined the port and starboard sides.  The oars back stroked as Vagan warriors searched the banks and shorelines for any sign of movement.  When the ships slowed to a stop, Dagon rose up from behind a rock and shouted.  “Light the wicks!”
A second or two lapsed as the archers lit the wicks of the tubes packed with exploding powders and pulled their bow strings taut.  Hundreds of arrows flew through the air with a sound like a cloud of insects.  Many of the arrows hit the metal shields and bounced off but others found their targets—the wooden planks of the boats just above the waterline.  The resulting explosions frightened and mystified the Vagans.  Many jumped from their ships and grabbed on to floating debris from the explosions to keep from drowning, weighed down as they were with heavy weapons.  Bows and arrows appeared in the hands of those whose ships remained afloat.  Dagon and his men quickly retreated out of range.
Some of the Vagan ships began to take on water.  The Vagan captains shouted out orders and the boats began pulling back from shore.  One boat was caught in the swirling lip of Serafina’s whirlpool.  It tilted downward and broke into two pieces around the holes made by the exploding arrows.
Another ship came too close to the whirlpool attempting to rescue Vagans thrown from the first ship.  This ship went down whole with all hands on board.  A third ship was sucked under, its crew still unaware of the whirlpool.  Two more ships tried to row away but were slowly, relentlessly, pulled into the swirling waters and sucked into the dark funnel.  Ships further down the shore had already changed course to head for land.  They were pulling their boats onto the beach when Serafina heard Dagon shout.  “That’s it.  Fall back.”
The Helsop militia men regrouped around Dagon.  So far they had sustained no injuries and they had sunk five ships.  Another five had fallen victim to the whirlpools.  Many more ships had suffered major or minor damage.
Dagon waited until the farthest men had raced back along the shore to join him.
“That is all we can do here.  It is time to take our fight inside the castle walls,” he said.
Some of the younger men looked longingly at the Vagan ships, anxious to try to sink a few more with their exploding arrows.  But even they could see Helsop’s militia was vastly outnumbered by Vagans.  Dagon and his men ran to the grassy area where their horses were tethered, mounted up and rode back to join their families inside the castle walls.

Serafina lingered at the edge of the grassy area, sitting astride her horse.  She wanted a closer look at the Vagans.  She watched as the first group walked warily along the shore of the lake.  She spread out her sorcerer’s cloak to display the Wiccan symbols stitched into the dark material.  The Vagan warriors studied her curiously, still too far away to try to kill her with their arrows.
They seemed to have no clear chain of command.  No one shouted orders while others scurried to obey.  Each went his own way, checking behind rocks and trees for hidden enemies, looking at footprints and talking among themselves.  Perhaps their leader had been in one of the sunken ships.  Each man carried a shield and a sword or an axe.  Some wore leather garments and many had animal furs or pelts wrapped around them as well.  No two were dressed alike in anything resembling a uniform.  They seemed unfazed by the cold air coming off the lake and the glacier.
A few of the men suddenly swung around with bows and ran toward her, fitting arrows as they ran.  Serafina cantered out of range and watched as the arrows fell close to where she had stopped to study the invaders.
On horseback, she stayed ahead of them easily, but watched from hiding places along the way, looking for signs of weakness that she might exploit.  When she was within sight of the castle, she spurred her horse forward.

Electra waited impatiently above the last ladder, wondering what was keeping Serafina.  When she finally saw her riding toward the castle, she waved her arms and shouted.
“Here, here.  Come, climb up quickly.”
Serafina dismounted, shouldered her saddle and slapped her horse on the rump to send him running toward Henge.  She climbed to the top of the ladder and was quickly pulled up and over the wall.  Electra yanked up the ladder behind her.
“You are the last one,” Electra said.  “Are they far behind?”
“Not far,” Serafina mused.  She seemed to be lost in thought.
“Are they many in number?” Electra asked.
“Yes, many.”
Electra saw that Serafina’s eyes had taken on the blue-grey color that meant she was hatching some sort of plot.
“Do you have some plan to defeat them?”
“Perhaps.  They seem to have no formal chain of command.  That is a weakness in battle.  However, a plot will not be necessary.  They will soon be overwhelmed by Prince Blackwell’s army.”
Serafina’s confidence in her husband served to soothe Electra’s fears.  She pointed down to the castle courtyard where the women were sorting through the bundles of food.  “The food carts from Henge arrived in time,” Electra said, clearly relieved.
Serafina smiled.  “Then I suppose we may occupy ourselves with feasting while we await our Vagan guests.”
Electra shuddered.  “Somehow I seem to have little appetite.” 

Chapter 16

Village of Helsop

The Vagan pirates entered the village of Helsop cautiously, staying out of arrow range from the castle walls.  They skirted the edges of the village, darting in and out of cottages, searching the command post and the militia barracks.  Some of the men, dressed in rags, appeared to be slaves.  The Vagan masters ordered them hither and yon, sending them where they themselves feared to go, no doubt suspicious of traps.  Some of the ragged men were ordered to start fires, others to begin dismantling houses.  They immediately began to form the wood from the dismantled houses into primitive ladders.
The smell of burning flesh assaulted the noses of those watching from the castle walls.  It appeared several horses had been captured by the pirates.  The Helsop villagers watched with disgust as the Vagans roasted the meat from the slaughtered animals.  Deimos stepped aside to allow Dagon room to join him in one of the castle turrets.
“Do you think they will try to scale the castle walls tonight?” Deimos asked.
“Yes,” Dagon replied, his voice confident.  “If they are eating the horses rather than using them to explore, they must be out of food.  They cannot afford to wait us out in a siege.”
Deimos pointed toward a group taking apart the wooden walls of the prisoner stockade.  “Look there.  That bunch is building a battering ram.”
Dagon nodded.  “I know.  I have been watching them.  No doubt they will attack the rock jumble where we’ve filled in at the castle entrance.”
Both men watched as slaves bound wooden timbers together with twine to make a rough version of a battering ram.
“The slaves might turn against their captors and fight with us if they think they have a chance of winning,” Deimos mused.
Dagon shook his head.  “They have no reason to expect mercy from us.  We met their ships with exploding arrows.  I’ll wager the Vagans send them over the wall first as a distraction.  Then they will send more out to face our arrows with the battering rams.  We will have to explode their battering rams to hold them at bay and some slaves are bound to be killed.  They will fear us more than the Vagans when that happens.”
“Some of the Hammer Haven men do not want to kill the slaves.  They know it might have been them in this situation.”
Dagon shrugged.  “They will have no choice.  When the slaves begin to scurry up the castle walls we will have to throw off the ladders.  Some will die from the fall.  I will not order that they be targeted, but that will not save them all.”
“Do you think Prince Blackwell will send his army?” Deimos asked, not for the first time.
“He sent the carts of food.  I think that is a hopeful sign.”  Dagon wiped his hand over his perspiring forehead.  “Tell the men to sleep now while they can.  It promises to be a long night.”  He turned to climb down the turret.  “And get some sleep yourself, old friend,” he added as his foot found the first rung of the ladder.

Electra waited in the courtyard for Dagon to reach the bottom of the ladder.
“I have some bread and water,” she said, handing him a flask.
“Thank you.”  Dagon gulped down a long drink of water.  “What kept Serafina?  I was afraid they had captured her.”
Electra held out a hunk of bread.  “She wanted to spy on them.  She says they have no chain of command.”
“They seem to have slaves that they command,” Dagon noted.
Electra looked up with a worried expression.  “Did you see any that looked like our silent men?”
“No.  These slaves have no look of the Orient.”  Dagon took a big bite of bread.  “There are more ships than we first thought.”  
Electra nodded.  “Serafina said she saw over a hundred ships in the crystal ball.”
Dagon choked a little on hearing the source of Serafina’s information.  “I might have known it would be the crystal ball.  Did she see in the crystal ball when Prince Blackwell’s army will arrive?”
“She did not mention it if she did, but she does not seem worried.  I suppose she expects that he left Henge as soon as he received her message.”
They both peeked through an arrow slit to watch a group of men in rags pull a column from the school of medicine’s entry way and fit it into their battering ram.  Silently they calculated the earliest Prince Blackwell might arrive with his army.
“We have put all the cots from the clinic into the castle keep,” Electra said.  “If some are wounded you can bring them there.”
“Get some rest,” Dagon ordered.  “They will wait till dark to attack.”
Electra kissed Dagon’s cheek, put the basket of bread on the ground beside him and walked back to her makeshift clinic.

At sunset the Helsop villagers roused themselves from their fitful naps and shared the food they were allotted for the evening’s meal.  The men took their places around the castle walls and the women gathered the village children from the courtyard into the castle keep.  Torches blazed from the castle turrets and an uneasy quiet reigned.
Electra watched Little Dagon and Shalin chase one another around the cots set up in the keep.  She wished she could share in their blissful ignorance of what lay ahead.  She heard a man shout from atop the walls.
“Look sharp.  Here they come.”
Electra rushed to the window of the keep.  She could see men fighting to push ladders from the wall.  She heard a series of explosions as a line of battering rams attempted to bust through the rock jumble that sealed the wide entrance to the castle.
“Breach! Breach!” shouted men at the north wall.
Electra ran down to the courtyard to see what had happened.
A few men had managed to scale the wall on the north end and were being forced back by Helsop’s swordsmen.  She heard shouting and screaming as men fought and some fell backward over the wall.  An unexpected wave of arrows dropped into the empty courtyard and Electra quickly stepped back into the covered safety of the castle keep.  Then all fell silent.
Serafina appeared at Electra’s side.  “That was the first wave.  They will regroup and try again to storm the walls.”
“Do you think Prince Blackwell’s army is close?” Electra asked.
“They will be here soon.  Do not worry.”
Electra stepped back as four men came carrying two wounded through the door of the keep.  As they passed through she recognized one of the wounded men as Take the Thief.

Chapter 17

Village of Helsop  

Electra followed the wounded men and their helpers into the improvised clinic.
“Take the Thief, what happened?” she asked.
“One of the Vagans caught me in the shoulder with his sword,” Take said.  His face was pale and his tunic already soaked with blood.  His two helpers stayed close beside him.  One she recognized as his good friend Tom, and the other—a short man with red hair, she had seen married at King’s Lake.  What was his name?  Bear.  Bear looked up with an angry expression.
“They tied three ladders together an’ had a bunch a slaves holdin’ them against the wall at the bottom ta’ make ‘em hard ta’ tip back.  Then them Vagan scum ran up all together an’ if it weren’t fer Smiles able ta’ heave them ladders back, there’d a been more of ‘em got over the wall,” Bear recounted in a furious voice.
“Is Smiles all right?” Electra asked.  She remembered the giant of a man who was also in the acting troupe.
“He’s not hurt,” Tom said.  “He stayed on the wall, case they try that there three ladder trick again.  It takes some big muscle ta’ get that three ladder set-up pushed back from the wall.”
“You men are unarmed,” Electra observed.  “You should not be defending the wall.”
Bear huffed out a loud grunt.  “Wasn’t nobody expectin’ nothin’ like them ladders on the north wall.  It’s too rocky ta’ get a good footing there, but somehow they managed it.”  Bear darted a worried look at Take.  “They got some militia up there now.”
Electra carefully pulled the cloth away from Take’s wound.  It was oozing blood but did not appear to be deep enough to be life-threatening.  Electra saw Juanita walk by the door to the clinic and called out to her.
“Bring water and garlic ointment, we have wounded,” she said.
Juanita’s jaw fell open when she recognized the injured man as her friend, Take.
“Take? Is that you?  What has happened?”
Take had first met Juanita and her friend, Esmeralda, at a tavern in Henge.  The two girls were dancing for tips and about to bring trouble down upon themselves for breaking tavern rules.  He had promised them money to ask around the castle at Henge for any clue as to his father’s identity.  This had ended well for Take, who learned he was the son of old king Blackwell, but it had ended in disaster for the girls, who were ordered out of Henge by Serafina.
“Juanita? What are you doing here in Helsop?” Take asked.
“I’m a student in the school of medicine,” Juanita said with just a hint of pride.
“No more chit chat,” Electra ordered.  “We need to get this wound cleaned and stitched.”
Take blanched a little at the word ‘stitched’.  “Maybe it’s not that bad,” Take said, then sucked in his breath to keep from yelling at the pain as Electra poured water over the wound.

After the flurry of excitement accompanying the first Vagan attack, all was quiet for several hours.  Then shouting and running feet signaled a second attack.
The second attack was a two-pronged assault—one centered at the east wall where three triple ladders suddenly appeared out of the darkness and a simultaneous assault centered on the west wall where a line of single ladders the length of the wall were all thrown up at the same time.
The Helsop militia was hard pressed to fend off the ladders.  Their exploding arrows were of no use.  At such close quarters it was a toss-up as to which group was more likely to be wounded in the explosions—defenders or attackers.  This time a few of the Vagans succeeded in climbing over the walls and the sounds of swords clashing amid shouts and screams echoed through the castle courtyard.
Just as Electra was wondering if she should lock the door of the keep as a last defense, she heard noise of a different kind.  Trumpets blared a charge and drums beat a tense rhythm amid cheers from the Helsop militia.  Prince Blackwell’s army had arrived.
Within minutes Helsop became a killing field.  Henge’s army, well-trained and well-armed, swept through Helsop on horseback making deadly swaths through the Vagan ranks.
The Vagans quickly abandoned their ladder assault and formed shield walls, standing shoulder to shoulder against their new attackers.  The shield walls had little effect.  The armored horses of Blackwell’s cavalry kicked and trampled their way through the shield walls, then turned to attack from the rear. 
The Vagans stumbled back the way they had come, heading for the safety of their boats, the darkness now their only salvation.
Blackwell’s cavalry took off after the Vagans killing all they found with arrows or swords.  Without the cloak of darkness few Vagans would have escaped.  As it was, perhaps a third managed to make it out of the village and back to their waiting ships on Cold Lake.
Helsop’s militia men began to scale up the ladders they had enclosed inside the walls, eager to join the fight against the Vagans.  Dagon quickly put a stop to that.
“Blackwell’s army won’t know you from the Vagans in the dark,” he shouted.  “Stay inside the castle walls until dawn.”
With dawn, the carnage in the village became evident.  Electra put her hand to her mouth, sickened, as she viewed the dead and dying from atop the castle wall.
Prince Blackwell rode close to the wall when he saw his wife climbing down a ladder just after dawn.  He jumped down from his horse.
“You are unharmed?” he asked, barely breathing out the anxious words.
Serafina nodded, smiling.  “Yes, thanks to you, Husband.”
Prince Blackwell wrapped his arms around Serafina and whispered.  “And what of Esme?”
“She is held prisoner by religious zealots but she is safe for the time being.”
“They are Vagan zealots?”  Prince Blackwell was alarmed.  “How is she safe?  Do they hold her for ransom?”
“No.  They are not Vagans.  These men were on a quest to find their new goddess when they were caught and enslaved by the Vagans.  They believe Esme is that goddess.  They took her to reign over them.  They are not violent men.”
Prince Blackwell’s face showed his confusion.  “How did they escape the Vagans—these slaves?”
They were part of the lot freed by Dagon in Hammer Haven.  They drugged me and Electra with sleeping potions and took Esme away by boat the night before the Vagans arrived.  I was on my way to retrieve her when the Vagan ships were sighted.”
Blackwell stared at Serafina as he worked through the timing in his mind.  “Then you might have returned to Henge with Shalin before the Vagans stepped ashore.  It would have been the safest choice for you and Shalin.”
Serafina’s eyes narrowed.  “I have three daughters, not two.”
Prince Blackwell’s face turned angry.  He had nothing against Princess Electra personally, but he still thought of her as the daughter of his arch-enemy, King Geoffrey of Fernland.  “You purposely misled me to save Electra?”
“Would you have come, had I not?”
Prince Blackwell bit back an angry retort.  He knew Serafina would go to any lengths to safeguard her children and she still claimed Electra as one of them.
Blackwell shifted his eyes away from his wife.  “It serves no purpose to speculate after the fact what I would or would not have done.  Do not mislead me in future.”  Prince Blackwell looked out in the direction of Cold Lake.  “I will leave at once to find Esme.”
Serafina took Blackwell’s hand and held it to her face.  “It would be best if I went alone to fetch her.”
“And why is that?” Blackwell asked, pulling his hand away from her face.
“I know the zealots, I know their boat, and I know where they are headed.  I can leave Shalin with Electra and travel quickly alone.”
Blackwell considered her arguments.  “I have never doubted your abilities.  I will allow you to go, alone, if that is your preference, but Shalin will return with me to Henge.”
Prince Blackwell stomped away to order a count of casualties within his army.

Chapter 18

Village of Helsop

Electra despaired over the mess the Vagans had made in her school of medicine.  They had hacked up her dining table and chairs, turning them into ladders and battering rams.  Their frustration at finding no food, blankets or medicines left behind had no doubt fueled their fury.
Serafina came through the door carrying Shalin on her hip.
Electra could see at once that she was upset.
“What has happened?” Electra asked, fearing some new calamity.
“Prince Blackwell insists on taking Shalin back to Henge with him.”
“Is that so bad?  He only wants to protect her,” Electra said in a soothing voice.
“Yes, it is.”  Serafina hugged Shalin and kissed the top of her head.  “I had hoped to leave her here with you while I go to retrieve Esme.”
Electra suddenly realized why Serafina was so upset.  If Shalin displayed her growing powers while with her father, he might react badly.
“You are afraid he might reprimand Shalin for using her powers?”
Serafina cupped Shalin’s head with her hand.  “I cannot allow that to happen. She loves her father.  His disapproval would crush her spirit.  Her power is a gift worth protecting,” she said in a fervent tone.
Electra knew Serafina wanted her to accompany Shalin to Henge to shield her from her father.  She knew also that Dagon would never allow it.  Without Serafina’s presence to safeguard her, any incident, real or manufactured, between Henge and Fernland could quickly turn Electra from guest to prisoner.  She struggled to come up with another option.
“Perhaps Esmeralda could accompany Shalin to Henge.  She accepts Shalin’s gifts and Shalin remembers that Esmeralda was once her nursemaid.”  Electra looked sadly at Serafina.  “I would volunteer to go myself but I know Dagon would not allow it.”
Serafina nodded.  She pondered Electra’s suggestion and tilted her head to one side as the idea took root.  “Yes, I could warn Esmeralda to keep Shalin away from her father as much as possible until I return with Esme.” 
Serafina set Shalin down and the little girl ran to inspect the remains of the dining table, her favorite place to play.  Electra kissed Shalin and took her hand.
“We will build a new table,” Electra murmured.
Shalin continued to stare at the wreckage with wide, sad eyes.
“I will find Esmeralda and speak to her,” Serafina said.
Electra wondered how Serafina would convince Esmeralda to return to Henge after having banished her from the kingdom and threatened her with death for aiding the escape of a prisoner from Henge’s dungeon.  Before she could voice her concerns, they were interrupted by the sound of a carriage stopping outside the entrance to the school.
Electra held her breath.  It must be her father, King Geoffrey, come to save her from the Vagans.  She ran for the door of the school.

The carriage was the wrong color.  Not the red and gold of Fernland, but the black and silver colors of Henge.  The carriage door swung open and a wooden leg swung out.  Old king Blackwell hopped down from the carriage.  He was smiling.
“I see my son did a proper job of welcoming the river pirates,” he said in a jovial tone of voice. 
“Your Majesty,” Electra said.  She was surprised to see the old king had made the trip to Helsop.
“Hummp.  Someone with manners.  I am not often called ‘Your Majesty’ anymore.  You are Electra, are you not?”
“I am.”  She smiled.  “Thank you for coming to Helsop’s rescue.”
“Hummp,” he said again.  “I suppose someone had to.  What’s this about Esme being kidnapped?”
“I am afraid it is true.”  Electra looked down, unwilling to meet the old king’s eyes.
Serafina came out the door of the school carrying Shalin.
“Father Blackwell.  You have come to our aid,” she said.  “Both your sons fought bravely.”
“Both?”  Old king Blackwell raised his eyebrows.  “My son Phinn is here as well?”
“Yes,” Serafina said.  “He was wounded in the fight but…”
The old king cut her off abruptly.  “Wounded?”  he shouted.  “Take me to him at once.”
Serafina followed him into the carriage after thrusting Shalin into Electra’s arms and ordering the driver to head for the castle.

At the castle Serafina led the old king past the newly cleared rubble of the castle entrance.
“We have made the castle keep into an infirmary.  Very few of Henge’s soldiers suffered injuries.  It was a decisive victory,” Serafina stated.
Take the Thief, called Phinn by his father, Phinneas Blackwell, was sitting up on his cot while Juanita changed his bandage.
“My son,” the old king cried.  “Are you badly wounded?”
“No.”  Take smiled at his father.  “I’ve been getting the best of care.”  He nodded at Juanita.
“I know you,” the old king said.  “You’re that gypsy girl, helped me find my son.”
Juanita, who had shrunk back and turned around on seeing Serafina and the old king, turned cautiously back to face them.  She said nothing, waiting to see if Serafina was still considering killing her for helping to free the gypsy Shandor from Henge’s dungeon.
“You will be rewarded,” the old king told Juanita.
Juanita’s mouth dropped open at this unlikely turn of events.
“Thank you,” she muttered.
Serafina smiled at the girl’s surprise.  “In fact you and Esmeralda will both return to Henge,” she said.  “You will continue to care for Take and Esmeralda will be reinstated as Shalin’s nursemaid.”
“But we are students of medicine here,” Juanita objected.
“All the better.  We will put your new skills to use and increase you salaries,” Serafina decreed.
 “But…” Juanita was at a loss for words.  She did not wish to return to Henge where one careless word might land a person in the dungeon.  She looked at Serafina’s cold, hard stare and knew that she had no choice in the matter.
Take laid a reassuring hand over her hand and winked as if to say—it will be all right.
“Thank you, then,” she mumbled, checking Take’s face for reassurance.
“Let me find my other son, Ambrose,” old king Blackwell said.  “I will tell him we will leave at once for Henge.”
“Hold on,” Take said, raising himself off the cot.  “We were on our way to Henge to put on a show when we were caught up in this battle.  I have my acting troupe here and we have a cart full of props still at the base of the plateau.”
Old Blackwell put up his hand to signal a stop to Take’s worries.  “I will see that the soldiers find your cart and bring it along.  We will find horses for your actors.  I want to get you back to Henge where you can be properly cared for,” the old king insisted.
Take smiled at Juanita.  “Looks like we’re on our way to Henge.”
“I’ll find Esmeralda,” Juanita said.
“Be sure you do,” Serafina said, with the hint of a threat in her voice.
Serafina and the old king walked out of the castle together.  The jumble of rocks sealing the entrance had already been cleared and planks laid across the river.
“There is room for you in the carriage,” the old king said to Serafina as they walked over the narrow planks to the waiting carriage.  The bodies of dead Vagans were being loaded onto carts bound for burial in a mass grave.
Serafina shook her head.  “I will send Shalin with you in the carriage, but I will not accompany you back to Henge.”
“What is my son doing about rescuing Esme?” the old king asked.  “Are the Vagans holding her for ransom?”
“Esme was kidnapped by a group of Vagan slaves who escaped and came here to Helsop.  They believe Esme is their goddess.”
“What kind of claptrap is that?  A one and a half year old goddess?”
“There is no accounting for people’s beliefs,” Serafina replied.
“So Ambrose will go after them?” he asked.
“Ambrose has granted me permission to go after her by myself.  I will be faster on my own.”
The old king scratched his beard-stubbled jaw.  “That’s all well and good, you being a sorceress and having a few tricks up your sleeve and all, but what if they don’t want to give up their little goddess?  Might be a good idea to have a little backup.  You’ve got plenty of soldiers here to choose from.”
Serafina smiled.  “I will send for help if I need it, but I do not anticipate such a need.”
The old king glanced at this daughter-in-law as they walked side by side through the courtyard.  “You never were one to lack for confidence—I’ll grant you that.  All the same…”  His voice tailed off as he saw Prince Blackwell giving orders to one of the cart drivers.  “Excuse me,” he said, “I need to congratulate my son on finally putting his army to good use.”

Chapter 19

Village of Helsop

Serafina and Electra waved goodbye as the black and silver carriage left with old king Blackwell, Take, Juanita, Esmeralda and Shalin inside.
Prince Blackwell rode up on his black stallion and dismounted.
“Are you quite sure you do not want any soldiers to accompany you on your search for Esme?” he asked his wife.
“Quite sure, Milord.  They would only slow me in my search.  The silent men are not warriors.  I will have no trouble taking Esme back once I find her.”
Prince Blackwell took a deep, slow breath.  “You are being honest with me?”  He did not add the words ‘this time’ but his expression did.
Serafina met his eyes.  “I am.”
Prince Blackwell stood rooted to the ground, unwilling to leave.  Serafina put her arms around him and Prince Blackwell hugged her fiercely, their former disagreement put aside.
“I will return soon with our child,” she promised.
Prince Blackwell mounted his horse and rode off to lead his army back to Henge.
Serafina watched him ride away.  He did not turn to wave goodbye.  He rode to the front of his assembled troops, lifted his arm and signaled a forward march.
“He is very devoted to you,” Electra said, feeling their sadness at parting.
“Yes,” Serafina said, turning her gaze from the departing army to glance at Electra.
“I am coming with you to find Esme,” Electra said.
Serafina pursed her lips, considering.  “And what of your upcoming wedding?”
“Perhaps we will be back in time.”
“And if we are not?”
“I will wed when I return.”
Serafina nodded.  “You had best inform Dagon then.”  A hint of a smile turned up the corner of her lips.
Electra frowned.  She tried to think of a reason that would pass muster with her fiancé.  None came to mind.

Electra found Dagon in the castle courtyard.  Teams of men were pulling the unfinished drawbridge back into place at the entrance to the castle courtyard.  Dagon waved and walked toward her.
“Electra,” he said with a smile.  “Is the damage to your school severe?”
“No.  They left the main building intact—though the table and chairs are ruined.  We did not leave much behind for them to destroy.”
“The Vagans were driven to act quickly.  They arrived hungry and could not delay an attack.  They likely did not anticipate such a long journey to find our settlement.”
Electra looked down at the ground.  “Do the Hammer Haven folk blame me?  For not poisoning the Vagans when we had the chance?”
Dagon laughed.  “Of course not.  They know you have taken a physician’s oath.  They adore you.  As I do.”
Electra shook her head.  “And yet here we stand in the midst of so much death.”
“It was a death of the Vagans’ choosing, though they likely anticipated a different outcome.” Dagon made no attempt to show sorrow for their fate.
Electra looked up.  “And Prince Blackwell was happy with his payment in weapons?  He just left at the head of his army.”
“Yes.  He was especially pleased that he was given the whole of the order promised to King Gundar.  He even left us the food he brought along for his army, should they be quartered in Helsop for a time.  We will have provisions for the next month or so.”
Electra looked back down at the ground, avoiding Dagon’s eyes.  “I have decided to go with Serafina.”
“What’s that?” Dagon asked, leaning closer to hear.
“I have decided to go with Serafina on her mission to bring Esme home.”  Electra raised her head to meet Dagon’s eyes.
Dagon said nothing for a moment.  “It could be a long search.  The silent men had the look of the Orient.  The search could take you farther even than Hammer Haven.”
“Yes.”  Electra dug out a little rock with the toe of her shoe.
“If that proves true, you will not be back in time for our wedding.”
“That is a possibility, I suppose.”
“Your parents are inviting royalty from many nations,” Dagon reminded her.
“I know.”
“And yet you are determined to go?”
“Yes.”
“Then I will come with you,” Dagon said.
Electra looked up at him again.  “If you insist on going, Serafina will not allow either of us to accompany her.  You know that.”
Dagon frowned.  “How do you expect me to allow you to go without me?”
“Prince Blackwell is allowing Serafina to go alone,” Electra replied with a stubborn expression.
“Serafina is a sorceress.  She has powers the rest of us mortals do not have and that includes you.”
“I am a physician.  I have healing powers.”
“It’s not the same.”
“Esme is my sister.  I need to go.”
Dagon glared at Electra.  “You are not yet my wife.  I cannot forbid you.  But if you go, it is against my wishes.  I cannot agree to it.”
Electra took Dagon’s hand.  “Try to understand.  Serafina lied to her husband to save my life.  She should have left Henge before the Vagans attacked.  She put herself and Shalin at risk to save all of us.  How could I not do this small thing that is in my power to do?  How could you not allow it with all you owe her?”
Dagon let out a deep breath.  “I lack your facility with words but my objection still stands.” 
 He walked back to his crew of workers, heaving a rope over his shoulder and pulling the drawbridge forward with a ferocious jerk.

Electra walked on to the temporary clinic set up in the keep.  Her students were packing up the supplies they had brought with them from the school of medicine and the clinic.
“We have no more patients?” Electra asked.
Layla answered her.  “We took two severely wounded back to the clinic.  The rest were well enough to return to their homes.”
“Were any injured Vagans brought here?”
“None,” Layla said with a shrug.
Electra hoped those Vagans who had been able to escape had taken their wounded with them, but feared otherwise.  Soldiers from Henge likely killed all the injured they found.
“Have you seen Isa?  I need to speak to her,” Electra said.
“She is at the clinic with the wounded soldiers,” Layla said.
Shouting in the castle courtyard brought Electra and Layla to the windows of the keep.  They saw a cloud of dust to the south.
“Soldiers coming.  Soldiers from Fernland,” men were shouting.
Electra’s hand flew to her mouth.  “Oh, no, it must be Father’s army.”  What would he think when he learned he had come for no reason.  The battle had already been fought and won by Henge.

Chapter 20

Village of Helsop

King Geoffrey’s Royal Guard spread out in Helsop, taking note of the carts full of dead Vagans, the newly built castle with its gaping entrance hole, and the many demolished houses, taken apart to build ladders and battering rams.
King Geoffrey was about to enter the school of medicine when Electra came running to greet him.  Geoffrey smiled with relief at the sight of his daughter, unharmed.  He opened his arms to embrace her.
“Father, you have come,” Electra murmured, returning his hug with one of her own.
King Geoffrey surveyed the damage to the school’s entrance.  “It appears Dagon has worked a miracle here.  So many dead, yet they all seem to be Vagans.  Were many villagers killed?”
“None,” Electra said.  Although it was tempting to have her father think her future husband a miracle worker, she knew she must tell him the truth.  “The villagers fought bravely, but it was Prince Blackwell’s army that turned the tide for us.”
King Geoffrey held his daughter at arm’s length to observe her face more closely.  “Prince Blackwell’s army?”
Electra nodded and forced herself not to look away.  “As it happened Serafina was here to negotiate on his behalf for a weapons’ purchase.  Dagon had posted lookouts two day’s march away on Cold Lake, fearing just such a reprisal for his conquest at Hammer Haven.  When we saw the signal from the lookouts, Serafina sent word to Prince Blackwell to send his army.  We did not know whether he would send his army, of course.  I sent word to you as well.”  Electra paused, trying to be as tactful as possible.  “Since Henge is closer, his army arrived first.”
“Why did Serafina not simply return to Henge when she heard the Vagans were sighted?” King Geoffrey asked, his voice heavy with suspicion.  “Henge has no alliance with Helsop do they?”
“No. Certainly not.  Blackwell offered food in exchange for weapons, and we were in need of food with so many newcomers from Hammer Haven.”  Electra hesitated, then decided there would be no better time to tell him the rest.  “But there is another reason.  Serafina has twin daughters.  One of them was kidnapped while she was here negotiating the contract.” 
King Geoffrey’s expression was a mixture of surprise and anger.  “Daughters?  How old?”
Electra could see her father doing the math in his head.  “They are babies—a year and a half perhaps.”
“How long have you known?” he demanded.
“Please, Father.  I could have told you sooner but I did not want another argument.  What does it matter?”
“There is a warrant for her arrest,” he said.  “There is a reward for her capture.”
“I know.  I know also that any time I mention her, it is seen as a betrayal of my family and all of Fernland.  That is why I did not mention it sooner.”
“She tried to kill your brother!”  King Geoffrey almost shouted.
Electra wanted to shout back—we do not know that for sure—but in her heart she believed her father spoke the truth so she cast her eyes downward and stayed silent.
King Geoffrey took several deep breaths and seemed to gain his composure.  “You are correct in thinking we see your continuing relationship with Serafina as an act of betrayal.  How could we feel otherwise?  You may feel compassion for her now her own daughter is kidnapped, but how would you expect me to feel since she kidnapped my own daughter and in some ways still seems to hold sway over her?”
“I would expect you to feel as you do,” Electra said, her eyes still lowered.
King Geoffrey shook his head, slowly.  “Since we are at an impasse let us speak no more of it.  It appears we can do little here now that Helsop is indebted to Prince Blackwell for its survival.  Your mother is frantic with worry.  You must come back with me to Fernland and show yourself to be unharmed.  Will you do that at least in gratitude for our efforts on your behalf?”
Electra opened her mouth but no words came out.  It seemed the time for truth had ended.  She could not refuse to visit Fernland because she wanted to go with Serafina to bring back her kidnapped daughter.
  As she searched her imagination for a worthy excuse, Prince Avor galloped up followed by the whole of Taz’s ship-building crew.
“What happened here?” Prince Avor asked, looking around in wonder.
“An attack by river pirates,” Electra said.
Haddad drew up alongside Avor.  “What of Layla?  Is she safe?”
Layla, Haddad’s daughter, had entered Electra’s school of medicine a year earlier, more or less against her father’s wishes.
“She is fine,” Electra said.  “She is becoming quite skilled with herbal remedies.”
“Good,” Haddad said, “because her studies here are over.  She will be returning with me to Fernland.”
Electra sighed, she did not relish telling Layla, but thought it might provide her with the time she needed to think up a plausible excuse to avoid a visit to Fernland.  “I will go to find her.”
Electra turned away abruptly, leaving her father to explain to Avor and Haddad how Blackwell’s army had saved Helsop.  She passed Dagon on her way to the clinic.
“I see Fernland’s Palace Guard have arrived,” Dagon said.  “What did you tell your father?”
“I told him the truth about Serafina being here and about Esme being kidnapped as the reason for Prince Blackwell’s army coming to Helsop’s rescue.”  She followed a cart of dead Vagans with her eyes as it rolled past.  “Now he wants me to return with him to Fernland and I’ll not tell him I plan to go with Serafina to bring back Esme.  He is inches short of turning his back on me forever as it is.”
Dagon tipped his chin to one side as he considered Electra’s plight.  “Perhaps I should tell him myself what you plan to do.”
Electra’s eyes burned into Dagon’s.  “You would not!”
“Why not?  It suits my purpose to keep you from going.”
Electra lifted her chin, resolute.  “Because you would not betray me in such a fashion.”
Dagon smiled.  “Perhaps you think too highly of me.”
“No.  I do not.”  Electra smiled back.  “But if you can think of a good reason to keep me from visiting Fernland just now, I would appreciate hearing it.”
“I have no art in crafting excuses,” Dagon said.  “While you are about crafting one yourself, however, you might try for an excuse that will necessitate a delay in our wedding as that is the likely outcome of your reckless plan.”
Electra lifted her chin in a gesture of scorn. “It appears I have no friends left save Serafina,” she snapped.  “I will try to think of a scenario that allows for a delay, no thanks to you for help not given.”
“No thanks expected,” Dagon said, with an equally scornful expression.


Electra found Layla mixing a tea with chamomile and willow bark for those coming into the clinic with symptoms of stress from the Vagan attack.
Electra put her hand on Layla’s shoulder.  “Your father and his men are come to save us from the Vagans.”
Layla’s face beamed with excitement.  “My father is here?”
“Yes.  He wants you to return to Fernland with him.  He says your education is at an end.”
Layla smiled.  “I want to go back for a visit.  I have been missing my family so much.  I will wait until he is tired of my acting bored and convince him I should return to finish my training.”  Layla looked at Electra with gratitude.  “When I arrived I wanted a taste of freedom, but now I truly want to learn the skills I need to be a healer.”
Electra hugged Layla.  “I am so gratified to hear your words.”
Electra looked out at the crowd of people waiting to drink the brew which would calm their fears and allow them sleep free from nightmares.  She felt the germ of a plan stir within her.
She called out to the line of villagers.  “Each of you, find a cot and lay down.  I want to check for any signs of contamination to our water supply.  The Vagans are known for trying such tactics.”
The villagers looked at one another with worried expressions and headed for the empty cots.

Chapter 21  

 Village of Helsop

After checking each of her new patients for imaginary signs of water borne illness, Electra instructed Isa to give them all cups of Layla’s stress-reducing tea.
“Have the students check each one for fever through the morning and note down any signs of stomach distress,” Electra ordered.
“I really think it is just the aftermath of fear,” Isa objected.  “I do not believe any one drank from the cistern.  I had plenty of water put aside in barrels.  In addition, none of the animals who drank from the cistern has died.”
Electra moved closer to whisper in Isa’s ear.  “I need patients right now.  Otherwise I’ve no excuse to keep me from visiting Fernland.  We will release them all as soon as my father leaves with his Palace Guard.”
Isa’s mouth made a small ‘o’.  “I see,” she whispered.  “I will alert the students.”

Electra found her father speaking to Dagon in an angry voice, accompanied by many hand gestures.
“Will you have something to eat, Father?” she asked
King Geoffrey gave her a disgusted glance.  “Have you enough to feed my whole army?”
“I, ah, do not know.”  She looked at Dagon.
Dagon shook his head.  “We do not, I fear.”  He steeled himself and tried again to mollify his future father-in-law.  “We truly appreciate that you left at once to come to our aid, choosing haste over provisions.”
Geoffrey barely controlled the anger in his voice.  “We will need to leave soon and hunt food along the way back to Fernland.”  He looked at his daughter.  “Are you ready to leave?”
“I regret to say I will have to follow later,” Electra said, arranging her face into an expression of extreme sadness.
King Geoffrey narrowed his eyes and Electra took a step back.  “And why is that?” he asked.
“Some of the villagers have come down with symptoms of a waterborne illness.  I fear the Vagans may have contaminated the courtyard cistern that feeds from the river.”
Dagon looked at Electra with alarm.  “We must seal off the cistern at once!”
“Do not worry.  I have already taken care of it,” she lied.  “Most drank from the barrels of water we prepared ahead of the attack.  But I will need to stay and monitor those who did not.  I will come to Fernland as soon as I am sure all are out of danger.  It should not be too long.  I will send a messenger to let you know when I will arrive in Fernland.”
King Geoffrey frowned.  “Your mother will not be happy.  She may insist on visiting you here.”
“Tell her that is not a good idea.  She should wait until I am sure of what we are dealing with here.”
Dagon looked at Electra with suspicion.  She refused to meet his eyes.
“Father, I am sure Dagon insisted you keep the exploding powders we sent along to you.  It is the least we can do to make up for the trouble we have caused.”
From their expressions it was evident that both men had forgotten all about the supply of exploding powder Electra had sent along with her plea for Fernland’s help.
Dagon seemed relieved that Helsop might actually have something to offer.  “That goes without saying, of course,” he agreed.  “We are in your debt for your quick response to our plea for help.  We knew we could count of you.  We had no such illusions regarding Henge.  I am still surprised Blackwell actually sent his army, the kidnapping notwithstanding,” Dagon said.
“Yes, I suppose you would be surprised,” King Geoffrey said, somewhat appeased.  “It is useful to know he responds to threats to the safety of his family, as other men of integrity do.”
“I must return to the clinic to check on my patients.”  Electra stood on tiptoes to give her father a kiss on the cheek.  “We are forever in your debt, Father.”
“Hummp,” King Geoffrey replied.

Electra walked into the clinic and out the back door, running toward the militia headquarters to where the horses were being rounded up and stabled.
She saw Tandor and waved to him.  “I have need of a mount,” she said.
Tandor found a horse for her and led it forward.  “Are you riding back to Fernland with your father?” he asked.
“No, I am on my way up to Cold Lake.”
“I hear Serafina made a whirlpool up there big enough to sink ships,” Tandor said.  “I’ll ride along with you.  I’d like to see it.”
Electra mounted quickly and took off at a gallop, hoping Serafina had not already left without her.

At Cold Lake Electra breathed a sigh of relief.  Serafina stood beside a Vagan ship presiding over a crew of men who were painting the ship and its sail a deep blue color.  The color made the ship almost invisible against the deep blue of Cold Lake’s water. Electra and Tandor searched the lake for any sign of a whirlpool but found none.  Electra dismounted and walked to where Serafina was mixing a new bucket of paint.
“Where have these men come from? And this ship?” Electra asked. 
“I brought up the ship from where I had it stored—beneath the whirlpool.  These men I found hiding from their Vagan overseers.  They hid in the forest until the Vagans departed.  They planned to ask for asylum in Helsop but I offered them passage home if they agreed to row for me as far as their fishing village.  They were eager to accept.”
Tandor walked over to them. “The whirlpool is gone?” he asked.
“I had no further use for it,” Serafina said, returning her attention to the color of her paint mixture.
Tandor waited a moment to see if Serafina would elaborate on the whirlpool.  When she did not he wandered off to watch the former slaves as they painted the Vagan ship.
“The paint makes the ship almost invisible,” Electra noted.
“That is the idea,” Serafina replied.
“How can I help?” Electra asked.  “What supplies will we need for our voyage?”
Serafina turned her attention fully to Electra.  “You have spoken to Dagon?”
“I have.  He is not happy with my decision, but he lacks the authority to forbid it.”
Serafina seemed a little surprised by Electra’s adamant stance on the matter.  “Very well.  We will need blankets, fishing tackle, candles, warm clothes and medical supplies. You might bring your crystal ball as well.  I have arranged for one of the carts of food left by Prince Blackwell to be brought here.  Have you said your goodbyes and made your excuses?” 
“I have made my excuses to my father.  His palace guard arrived shortly after Prince Blackwell’s army left.”
“No doubt he was a little perturbed to have come so far to find the battle already fought and won,” Serafina said with a smile.
“He was quite perturbed.”
Serafina laughed.  “And did my sister, Delphinia come as well?”
“No.  But she will soon know you have twin daughters.  I am afraid I felt compelled to tell my father the real reason Prince Blackwell brought his army to Helsop.” 
“I am surprised he did not already know about the twins.  I have serious reservations about the quality of his intelligence gathering service.”
“Muller has gone to China with Hilgarde and his new friend from China.  King Geoffrey’s  pool of spies has been depleted.”
“To China?  Whatever for?” Serafina continued to add flakes of color to her paint mixture.
“There may be deposits of the explosive white powder there.”
Serafina frowned.  “Perhaps we will run across Muller on our journey.”
Electra’s eyes grew wide.  “We may go as far as China?”
Serafina smiled.  “I am told it is a splendid country.”
“But that could take months of travel!”
“Are you having second thoughts about accompanying me?”
“No.”  Electra tried to maintain a determined expression, but in fact, she was having serious second thoughts about months of travel and wondered if Serafina was trying to find some argument that would dissuade her from going on the rescue mission. “I will go now and say my goodbyes.  When do you plan to leave?”
“We set sail at dusk,” Serafina said.

Chapter 22

On Cold Lake

Esme woke up rubbing her eyes.  Her long lashes were stuck together with grime and tears.  She had cried herself to sleep again.  She felt Ebony’s warm body wrapped protectively around her and dug her fingers into the panther’s soft fur.
She looked out to see the usual smiling faces of the three saffron men holding trenchers of food for her breakfast.  One of the men stuck a bit of food on the end of a pointed stick and moved it slowly toward the child.
Ebony was instantly up and crouched for an attack.  As the stick moved within range, the panther lunged, jerking her neck back when she reached the end of the chain that bound her to the rowing platform.  Her paw managed to reach the end of the stick which she snapped off with a powerful swat of her paw.
Esme yawned.  This had become a familiar scene.  She called a bit of food into her hands so Ebony would not continue to hurt her neck trying to defend her young charge.  Her three keepers cheered as the bread flew through the air.  They never seemed to tire of Esme’s little show of power.
She examined her breakfast—a piece of bread encrusted with small pieces of fish and dried berries.  It was the same breakfast they offered every morning.  She called another piece through the air.  She was hungry this morning.  Then she called the fish they had brought for Ebony and placed it before the cat.  She knew Ebony would refuse to eat it if it did not come from her own hands.
Esme and Ebony stuck to their little space below decks between the rowing platforms where they had awakened their first day aboard ship.  It reeked now of excrement and urine but Esme did not want to leave her panther and Ebony was chained to this small space.  They had reached an impasse.
Two saffron men brought down a large bucket of water as they did every morning, encouraging Esme to come and bathe in the warm water.  She looked away as she did every morning, then realized something was different this morning.  The boat was not moving.  Her heart soared for a moment, wondering if the men had returned to Helsop.  She sniffed the air, but could smell only her foul den.
Something else was different.  One of the saffron men was holding out a small wooden animal and pointing to the deck above.  Esme’s curiosity was peaked.  She called the carved wooden animal to her and examined it.  It was a wolf pup.
Esme hugged Ebony, whispered gentle words in her ear and stood up.  She walked to the bucket of warm water and climbed in.  The water felt wonderful against her chafed skin.  She allowed the overjoyed saffron men to remove her sodden clothes and rub oil on her small body.
She climbed out of the bucket and was helped into a soft saffron tunic, pantaloons and a warm wool coat.  After putting a suggestion in Ebony’s mind that the panther should take a nap and not worry about Esme, she followed the saffron men up the ladder to the deck of the ship.  The smell of cold lake water filled her nostrils.  She walked to the ship’s rail and pulled herself up to peer over the top.  The saffron men huddled around her, ready to lift her away should she attempt to climb over the railing and fall into the lake.
The boat was moored on a rocky beach alongside a stand of short twisted trees.  The air was cold, but there was no ice or snow.  She saw a few saffron men on shore.  They seemed excited to see her up on deck and chatted among themselves.  They began a chant that began low in their throats and drifted out across the water.
The men moved toward the boat, continuing their low chant.  They offered up their hands to help Esme onto shore, intending to pass her from one to another to keep her warm and dry.  She hesitated, searching their minds for any signs of treachery.  Did they mean to put her ashore and leave her there to fend for herself?  She did not sense any malice.  They seemed quite happy, sending thoughts of love and reverence to her.  She allowed them to carry her to shore.
Esme was excited to see wolf tracks in the sand between the rocks.  She had seen wolf tracks on outings with her mother and sister in Henge.  She had many little wooden wolves that the saffron men had made for her but she had never yet seen a wolf in the flesh.
She followed the men up the little dirt trail from the beach to the wooded area.  Her excitement grew as she realized she was walking alongside more wolf tracks.  They followed the tracks into the woods to a rocky outcrop.  There one of the saffron men waited on bended knee beside a crack in the rocky mound.
The man put his hand to his lips and beckoned to Esme with his hand.  Esme walked toward him and gazed into the dark slit in the rocks.  It took a minute for her eyes to adjust to the darkness.  Then she saw movement.  Two furry balls of grey snuggled together in the den.  She called one through the air to her waiting hands.
Esme cradled the pup to her chest and looked at the saffron man beside her.  She smiled for the first time since being kidnapped.  The saffron man bowed solemnly, and others took up their chant once again.  She put the pup down and called the other pup out of its den.  She scooped both into her arms and headed back to the boat with the saffron men following close behind.

Chapter 23

Village of Helsop 

Electra tied her horse at the back door of the clinic and stopped at the chart room to gather up a few herbs and potions to take on her voyage.  She walked through to the patient area and was surprised to see her father speaking to some of the patients.  He looked up and noticed Electra.
“There you are.  These patients do not seem so sick as you feared.  Perhaps your students would be able to see to them.  It would be safer if you were to travel with the army back to Fernland.”
Electra shook her head, relieved that her patients had stayed put on their cots.  She was not surprised to see that her father was checking up on her story.  His trust in her had reached a new low.  “These water borne illnesses are sometimes slow to manifest.  But I will not travel alone to Fernland.  Tandor, at the very least, will accompany me if Dagon is unable to go.”
King Geoffrey frowned.  “I have come to say goodbye.  Avor is at your school with Haddad and some of his men.  They are building you a new dining table.  Then we must return to Fernland.”
Electra was surprised and grateful for the gift of the dining table.  “I must go and thank them.  How can we ever repay you for all you have done?”
“Dagon has doubled our supply of the white powder.  You may consider your debt paid.  How you will repay King Gundar for giving his weapons order to Prince Blackwell is another matter.”
“I am sure our craftsmen will work day and night to make good on the weapons order,” Electra said.  “Their word is their bond.”
King Geoffrey cast a last suspicious glance at the patients who were busy chatting with one another while they rested on their cots.
“I must go,” Geoffrey said.
“I will walk with you back to the school,” Electra said.

At the school of medicine, the men from Taz were putting finishing touches on the new dining table.
Electra clasped her hands together and pressed them against her chest.
“The table is beautiful—a true work of art!”
The Taz men had rough sawn oak planks and sanded them down to a fine finish to make the top and affixed it to a trestle base.  It was the work of master craftsmen—shipbuilders.  Electra had never seen one more beautiful.
Electra smiled at Haddad.  “Thank you so much.”
“Thank you for all you have taught Layla,” Haddad replied in a gracious tone.  “She will be a great help to her people. Now that my brother, Physician Rabar has returned to Taz, we have no one skilled in medicine to care for us.”
“Layla has a gift for medicine.  Any time she wishes to further her study of medicine I am ready to oblige her,” Electra said.
“That will not be necessary, but thank you for your offer,” Haddad replied.
Electra’s eyes twinkled.  She knew that if Layla wished to return she would find a way to convince her father.
Electra saw Avor coming through the door and marveled at how much he had changed in the last two years.  He was taller than his father now, broad-shouldered, with the beginnings of facial hair.
Avor caught Haddad’s attention.  “The Palace Guard is assembled and ready to ride,” he informed his mentor.
Electra put her hand on her brother’s shoulder.  “Avor, you have grown so tall and broad I scarcely recognize you,” she said.
Avor’s face colored slightly.
Haddad could not miss an opportunity to tease his young apprentice.  “And I scarcely recognize him without food in his hands.  This brother of yours has quite the appetite.”
Electra smiled at the easy relationship between the two.  “Next you will be wanting a girlfriend,” she told her brother.  “No doubt there will be many princesses to choose from among the wedding guests.”
Avor turned a bit redder in the face and quickly changed the subject.  “Speaking of eating, there will be precious little of that if we do not reach the forest while we’ve still daylight to hunt,” he said, putting a hopeful end to the teasing.
Electra walked out with Haddad and her brother to wave goodbye.  She found Dagon and stood beside him as the Palace Guard aligned themselves in orderly rows behind King Geoffrey.  The drummers took their place in front of the infantry and began a brisk marching cadence.
King Geoffrey waved goodbye and the soldiers followed in formation to the edge of the plateau.  Electra watched them descend, single file, until the last man disappeared down the steep slope.
Dagon turned to smile at Electra.  “There is no water borne illness, I suppose?”
“No, only the after effects of fear and sleeplessness.  Helsop has been spared, thanks to Serafina,” Electra said.
“I suppose that is your justification for your proposed adventure?”
“It is not an adventure,” Electra insisted, though she supposed it was.  “Esme must be rescued.”
“And Serafina is not capable of rescuing Esme without your help?”
“If it is so easy a thing to do, why do you object to my participation?”
“There are still Vagans out there.  They may have found Helsop a place too rich in strong allies to be trifled with, but what of two women alone on one of their stolen ships?”
“Serafina has seen to your concerns.  She found escaped slaves left behind by their Vagan captors.  She has promised them wages and passage home in return for rowing us to our destination.  We will not be alone.  In addition she has painted the ship dark blue to be invisible upon the lake.”  Electra looked away before adding softly, “We sail at dusk.”
Dagon’s face fell into an expression of gloom.  “So soon?” he murmured.
“I know,” Electra said.  “As committed as I am to accompanying Serafina, it would have been good to have had at least one day without upheaval.”
Dagon tried one last time.  “It is not too late to change your mind.  She has the former slaves now to accompany her.”
Electra shook her head.  “I will not change my mind.”  She looked off toward Cold Lake.  “I would appreciate having your impression of these former slaves.  I have no way of knowing if they are men who should be trusted.”
Dagon shifted his mood to one of alertness.  “Do you know anything about them?”
“No, I know only that they come from an area far to the east.  Do you think any of the Hammer Haven refugees might know them?”
“I think we should find out,” Dagon said, his voice tinged with suspicion.

Dagon and Electra met back at the school of medicine.  Electra had packed blankets and warm clothes for the voyage and added them to the cart of food from Henge that stood outside the door.  “Wait,” Electra said.  “I have forgotten one last thing.  I will meet you outside at the cart.”
Dagon was adding fishing tackle and tools to the cart when she ran through the door holding the crystal ball in her hand.  Three Hammer Haven men waited beside Dagon.
Dagon frowned when he saw what she had gone back for.  “I hope you are not relying on that to find Esme.”
“Of course not.”  Electra tucked the crystal ball into the bag that held her warm clothes.  “But Serafina requested that I bring it.”
Dagon introduced his companions.  “These men were traders in Hammer Haven before the Vagans enslaved them.  They are familiar with most of the settlements in that area.  They may have traded in the village Serafina’s hired men came from.”
“Thank you for doing this,” she said, nodding to the men.  “I am probably being overly suspicious, but then we trusted the silent men and they kidnapped Esme.”
Dagon’s horse pulled the cart of supplies while Electra and the three Hammer Haven traders rode alongside.  The sun sank close to the western horizon as they neared Cold Lake.  They were to leave at dusk but Electra was sure Serafina would delay her voyage if she learned the Hammer Haven traders had reservations about whether her hired crew was trustworthy.

Chapter 24

Village of Helsop

Serafina’s dark blue ship shimmered like a phantom on the dark blue waters of Cold Lake.  Lars, one of the Hammer Haven traders, drew in his breath at the sight.
“It looks like a ship made of water,” he said, his voice filled with awe.
Dagon pointed to the group of men still painting the Vagan ship.  “Go and have a chat with the hired men,” he ordered.  “See what you can find out about them.”
Dagon helped Electra aboard the ship while he began unloading the cart.  He tossed each bundle up to her and she stowed each in the ship’s hold.
Lars returned to speak to Dagon as he threw the last bundle up to Electra.
“They speak a dialect known to me,” Trader Lars reported.  “They say they are fishermen from the shores of the River Thebes.  They also make nets.  We have traded Hammer Haven tools in their village.  They were fishing close to the mouth of the river that flows past Hammer Haven when they were taken captive by the Vagans.  They were looking for the big fish—the beluga sturgeon.”  Lars held his hands wide apart to show how big the belugas grew.  “I think they are trustworthy men.  I have bought fish eggs from them.  One of the men even looks a little familiar to me.  They say they hid when the Vagans ran for their boats.  They planned on asking for asylum here if they could convince you they were not Vagans before you killed them.”
Dagon nodded.  “It is a shame Serafina found them first.  We could have used some men skilled at bringing in food.”
Dagon walked over to a group of men who were inspecting the fishing tackle Electra had loaded into the boat.  “Will you be able to supply food for the voyage with this tackle?” he asked.
Lars translated his question.
One of the men grinned and spoke to Lars.
Lars translated to Dagon.  “He says they pretended there were no fish here when the Vagans demanded they try to fish along the way.  He says they were hoping the Vagans would die of starvation.  But he says there are plenty of fish if you know what you are looking for.  He wants to know if you have any nets.”
Dagon shook his head.  “We could give them some twine to make nets, but we have none made.”
Lars spoke to the men again.  Dagon was able to understand some of the words. 
“They say that would be good,” Lars confirmed. 
One of the men spoke to Lars in a hushed voice. Lars nodded and turned to Dagon.
“They want to know if you will trade some of those exploding arrows you fired at the Vagan boats if they come back with fish to trade.”
Dagon groaned.  Trying to keep a secret weapon secret was a losing proposition.
“Tell them we have none left.  We used them all on the Vagans.  But we have swords and armor and axes.  Very good tools.  We will trade those for fish.”
Lars spoke to the men for some time.  “They say they are grateful.  They will return with fish once they have completed their commitment to Serafina and they will work out a trade.”
“Tell them we look forward to trading with them,” Dagon said.
Dagon jumped aboard the ship and found Electra loading food for the journey into barrels.  “It is likely you will have plenty of fish for your journey,” he told her.  “These freed slaves are fishermen.  They have even agreed to come back to Helsop to trade fish for tools and weapons.”
Electra smiled.  “That is good news.  You believe them trustworthy then?”
“Yes, I do.  I am going to ride back and find them some twine to make a net.  Isa’s husband, Olaf, keeps twine to make his bow strings.”
Electra hit her forehead with the palm of her hand.  “Isa!  I forgot to say goodbye to Isa.  I am coming with you.  We will have to hurry.”
Dagon unhitched his horse from the cart and they both galloped back to Helsop.  Electra stopped at the school to find gold to pay Olaf for his twine.  They found Isa and her family at the mess tent, standing in line to share some of the food left by Prince Blackwell.  While Dagon and Olaf left to gather up what twine he had stored at his house, Electra spoke to Isa.
“I leave the students in your care.  You are the last of my original students.  Layla has returned to Fernland and Juanita and Esmeralda to Henge.  You must carry on as you see fit.  It is much to ask.  Perhaps too much?”  She posed the question to her oldest friend in Helsop.
“We will muddle along without you, but do not tarry to see the sights,” Isa joked.
“The only sight I want to see is Esme and her big cat back with her family,” Electra said.  “And me back with mine,” she added.
“I hope for that as well.”  Isa looked as though she wanted to say more.
“Do you have some concerns?” Electra asked.
“I worry for all of Helsop should you fail to return in time for your wedding to my brother.  What would you have me tell a messenger from Fernland who comes to ask when you plan to visit there?”
Electra paused to think.  “I hate telling lies to my family.  And I hate that I seem to be so adept at it.  Perhaps you should tell them the truth.”
Isa looked horrified.  “The truth?  That you have gone off with Serafina to try to find Esme and may not be back in time for the wedding?”
Electra put up her hand.  “I know.  It was a passing fancy.  The truth will certainly not suffice.  Let me think.”  Electra rested her forehead against her hand, hoping for inspiration.  She shrugged.  “Nothing suitable comes to me.  Perhaps you could claim the need for further studies of the water due to mysterious outbreaks of fever.”
Isa shook her head.  “I will think of something.  But you will make haste to return?”  Her face pleaded for a promise from Electra.
“I will.  I promise,” Electra said.

Dagon returned with bags full of twine hooked over his saddle horn.  They saw the sun setting in the west as they galloped back to Cold Lake.
As the ship came into view they realized the fishermen were already casting off lines and pushing off into Cold Lake.
“She is leaving without me,” Electra cried out.
Dagon glanced at the devastated expression on Electra’s face, grimaced, and said, “No she is not.”
He grabbed Electra from her horse and spurred his own horse forward right into Cold Lake.  When his horse’s hooves lost traction he continued to urge it forward.  The strong stallion swam to the side of the ship and Dagon thrust Electra up into the hands of the fishermen on deck.  He threw the bags of twine up onto the deck before waving and turning his horse back to shore.
Electra blew him kisses and waved goodbye as the boat slipped further onto Cold Lake.
Electra turned to Serafina with a furious glare.
“You were trying to leave me behind!”
“It is dusk.  I thought you had changed your mind.”
“That is not true.  You saw us coming and cast off just as we came in sight.”
Serafina’s lips curved into a small smirk.  “Long goodbyes should be avoided whenever possible.”  

Chapter 25

Kingdom of Henge

Take lay in his comfortable bed at Henge’s castle pretending to sleep.  After listening to his father’s plans for him the whole long day and a half it took to return from Helsop to Henge, Take was exhausted but unable to sleep.  The new theatre was finished and old king Blackwell had made a gift of it to his son.  Juanita, Esmeralda and Shalin had been in the carriage to overhear the old king’s behest so it would soon be public knowledge.
Take’s silent groan over his father’s reckless generosity had nothing to do with his recent injury.  His injury seemed to be healing nicely under Juanita’s care.  Who would have thought the wild gypsy girl he met cadging drinks for money would become a competent nurse.  His mind flitted from thought to thought, a luxury of privacy that he savored.
He heard a knock at the door and stayed quiet, hoping whoever it was would go away.  Instead, the door opened slowly and someone stepped into the room.  He kept his eyes closed.
“I know you’re not asleep,” Juanita said.  “You’re not snoring,” she added with a small laugh.
Take opened one eye.  “I was afraid you were my father come to present me with my own harem.”
Juanita’s laughter filled the room. “Why don’t you just accept his gifts happily?  That is what I would do,” she advised, gaining control of her mirth.
He opened his other eye.  “Would you?  Even if they came with strings attached?”
“Everything has strings attached,” Juanita said.  “Even your flying fairies.”
“You have seen one of our performances?” he asked.
“I have been speaking to your fellow actors.”  She paused to straighten his blankets. “They, unlike you, seem quite happy to be here.”
“They enjoy being pampered,” Take said.  He pushed himself up against his pillow.  “And what of you?  You did not seem too happy to be on your way back to Henge in the king’s carriage.”
Juanita frowned.  “Here in Henge I am at Serafina’s mercy.  She almost threw Esmeralda and me in the dungeon for helping Shandor escape.  Now she wants us  back for some reason.  I do not like being under her thumb.”
“On that score, we agree.”  Take hesitated, wondering if he should recount the way Serafina made him kidnap the infant Electra, but decided to change the subject.  Better not to scare her with horror stories about Serafina.  “I am sorry I involved the two of you in my search to find my father.  Were it not for my curiosity, you would both still be living happily in the gypsy camp.”
“Not so happily.  We would soon have been accused of breaking rules by the tavern owner and left with no income.  You saved us from that bit of stupidity.  Now at least we have some medical training.”  She smiled and poked Take in the arm.  “And we have a rich king’s son who feels he is in our debt,” she teased.
Take grimaced.  “Where are my fellow actors?”
“They are having lunch with the old king.  I am supposed to invite you down if you feel up to going.”
“May as well,” Take said, pushing himself off the bed awkwardly, and biting his lip at the sudden pain in his shoulder.
“Go slow there.  You don’t want to break a stitch,” Juanita warned.
Take remembered his dismay at having his wound sewn up.  He definitely did not want to break a stitch.  He swung his legs down carefully, allowing Juanita to help him to his feet.

At the dining table the old king was holding forth with the assembled actors of Take’s troupe.
“We taught those Vagan pirates a thing or two about who is in charge hereabouts.  They’ll not be sailing their ships this way any time soon, mark my words.  They didn’t know what kind of death was coming at them out of the night.  The stuff of nightmares, that was.”
The old king looked with pride at his son, Prince Blackwell, until he noticed his son, Phinn, better known as Take the Thief, coming down the stairs.
“And here’s our wounded hero, Phinn, coming down to join us.  Fought ‘em hand to hand right up there on the wall, he did.”
Take nodded and smiled at everyone before taking a seat next to his friend Tom.
The old king pointed his fork at Take.  “I thought we would take a tour of your theatre after lunch if you are up to it, Son.”
Prince Blackwell looked up from his lunch as his father said “your theatre” to Take the Thief, wondering at the meaning.  It did not take long for his father to clear up that mystery.
“Yes, now that I’ve given you the theatre, I’m sure you and all your troupe will want to make your home here in Henge.  And a good life it will be for you, doing what you love best.  No worries looking forward.”
Take looked anything but worry-free as he contemplated a response.  “I thank you for the offer of the theatre, but it really is too much.  I would prefer that it remain the property of the Kingdom of Henge.”
Prince Blackwell looked from his father to his half-brother, no doubt wondering if this match of wits might resolve itself without his having to voice an opinion.
Old king Blackwell laughed.  “You are the Kingdom of Henge, son.  We are all family here.”
Prince Blackwell opened his mouth to give his opinion on the gift of the theatre, but was distracted by Esmeralda coming out of the kitchen with Shalin in her arms.
“Come here to Papa, Little One,” he cooed to Shalin.
Esmeralda put Shalin down and the little girl ran to her father’s arms.  He picked her up and placed her on his lap, offering her bits of food from his plate, which she ignored.
Suddenly everyone at the table was overcome with ideas of leaving to rescue Esme and Ebony and to bring back Serafina.
“How I miss your mother and sister and even your big black panther,” Prince Blackwell said.
Others at the table nodded in agreement, even the actors who were, in fact, afraid of both Serafina and the panther, and made a practice of staying clear of both.
Prince Blackwell hugged his daughter.  “They will be home soon, I promise you.  And if not, we will go and find them ourselves,” he said.
Shalin fixed her green eyes, so like her mother’s eyes, on her father and accepted a bite of fish from his fingers.
Others at the table tried to remember what they had been discussing before Shalin joined them and were surprised as their thoughts kept returning to Serafina and Esme.

Chapter 26

Kingdom of Fernland 

Queen Delphinia, King Geoffrey and Prince Avor sat together in the royal family’s private dining room in Fernland’s castle.  Delphinia held out a plate of scrambled eggs.  “You must eat more.  I can see you have both lost weight on your foray into Helsop.”  She speared a chunk of cheese and placed it on Geoffrey’s plate.  “I cannot imagine how frightening it must have been for Electra—sealed inside that unfinished castle surrounded by river pirates.  You really should have insisted she return with you.  She takes her medical duties too much to heart.  Did she have any idea of when she might leave to come to Fernland?”
“She said ‘soon’,” King Geoffrey stated.  He needed little encouragement to eat.  They had sent out a few hunters on their trip back to Fernland and had netted enough venison to stave off the worst hunger, but all the men were agreed they would prefer to return quickly to Fernland’s castle rather than spend more time hunting and cooking in the forest.
“Soon?” Delphinia echoed.  “She only promised to come soon?  That is not especially helpful.  Surely she knows the invitations went out long ago.  Ambassadors and royalty will begin arriving any day now.  They will expect to meet her and Dagon when they arrive.  Now that Helsop has a castle and so many new craftsmen it has achieved more prominence.  I expect King Gundar and his family will arrive early.  He will be eager to have a look at his first weapons order.”
King Geoffrey looked up.  “I hope he does not arrive too early.  His weapons order has been delayed.”
Queen Delphinia looked surprised.  “The Vagans delayed his weapons?”
“Indirectly,” King Geoffrey replied.  “As I told you last night, Prince Blackwell sent his army to fight the Vagans at Serafina’s request.”
Delphinia pursed her lips as though something she just ate had a bad taste.  “Yes, of course, I remember what you told me last night.  That is why you returned with no casualties.”
King Geoffrey continued.  “The payment he demanded for coming to Helsop’s aid was the weapons order meant for King Gundar.”
Queen Delphinia frowned.  “He has always been such an opportunist.”
King Geoffrey put down his knife and looked closely at his wife.  “I fear there is more to the story.”
Delphinia’s face turned wary.  “More?  What do you mean?”
“The reason he came so quickly was because one of his twin daughters had been kidnapped.”
Delphinia’s expression turned from wary to confused.  “But…, we never heard of twin daughters.  He was never married before he took Serafina as his wife.”  She paused.  “How old are these daughters?”
“Infants—I don’t know the exact ages.”
“They are Serafina’s children?”  Delphinia shook her head and answered her own question.  “No.  It cannot be.  Serafina is too old.”  She took a deep breath.  “Electra would have told us.”
King Geoffrey shrugged.  “Electra said she did not tell us because it would have upset us and she dislikes being the one to continually upset us.”
Prince Avor put down his bread.  He seemed to have suddenly lost his appetite.  “They are likely babies born of witchcraft.”
Delphinia put her hand to her mouth as a thought gripped her.  “Those twins we saw when last we visited Helsop.  The ones Electra was caring for.  She said she was taking care of them while their mother was away on some errand.  They look exactly like Serafina.”  Delphinia stood up, then sat back down.  “I cannot believe Electra kept this from us.  Those girls were my nieces.”
King Geoffrey frowned.  “It is not the first time Electra has chosen loyalty to Serafina over loyalty to her own family.  And I doubt it will be the last.”  He dished out another helping of eggs.
Delphinia took a sip of tea to calm herself.  “But it is as she says.  We do become agitated in this tug of war for our daughter’s affections.  Perhaps she just wanted to avoid another argument.”  Tears gathered at the corners of Delphinia’s eyes and she blotted them away with her handkerchief.  “Was Prince Blackwell able to recover his daughter?”
“I do not know.  Nor do I care, particularly,” Geoffrey said.
Delphinia glanced at Avor.  “Do you know?” she asked.
“I do not know.  I only learned of it on the way back when I overheard Haddad talking to Layla.  She has returned to King’s Lake now.  Haddad thought it too dangerous to leave her at the school of medicine.”
“I certainly agree with him on that score,” Delphinia said.  “Were many in Helsop injured?”
Avor shook his head.  “I do not think so.  But Take the Thief was injured.”
“What!  Take the Actor was there in Helsop when the Vagans attacked?  Whatever was he doing there?  Where is he now?  I need him for our entertainment at the wedding.  How badly was he wounded?”
Prince Avor took a moment to decide which of his mother’s questions to answer first.  “I only found this out second-hand from Haddad.  These are things Layla told him.  She also said that Take is old king Blackwell’s illegitimate son.  The old king took him and his entire acting troupe back to Henge with him when he left.”
Delphinia gasped and began coughing.  She took a drink of water and then held on to the table with both hands, as though to avoid being swept away.  Prince Avor and King Geoffrey both watched her anxiously, wondering if she were about to faint.
Finally she seemed to gather control of herself.  “Is there no end to the secrets coming out of Helsop?”  She took another drink.  “Is this just some fanciful gossip?  Could Take truly be the old king’s son?”
“It seemed Layla was quite sure.  One of Electra’s medical students went along in the king’s carriage to take care of him.”  Avor continued to watch his mother, fearful that any new piece of information might send her over the edge.
“So now we have royalty arriving with no bride-to-be to welcome them and no entertainment either.  What else could go wrong?” Delphinia asked.
“The barge is close to completion,” Avor said, hoping that at least would be good news.
Delphinia smiled.  “Yes.  There is that to be thankful for.”  She took Avor’s hand and squeezed it.
Avor took a breath.  “We will be sliding it down the ramp for its first test run any day now.”  He turned to his father.  “I am thinking more and more that we would be foolish to send the Taz men away as soon as their two year commitment is completed.  They were quick to volunteer to fight when we marched for Helsop.  It might be in our interest to offer them permanent residence here in Fernland.”
“Absolutely not,” King Geoffrey said without looking up from his plate.  “They are foreigners.  They do not belong here.”

Chapter 27

Cold Lake 

The first night aboard the blue ship Electra wrapped herself in blankets and lay down beside barrels of food in the stern to sleep.  She was exhausted from the events of the last two days and angry that Serafina had pretended to leave her behind.

Electra awoke the next day to find Lars, the Hammer Haven trader, staring down at her.  The sun was already high in the sky.
“I wanted to make sure you were all right,” he said.  “It is almost mid-day.”
“What are you doing here?” Electra asked.
“Serafina offered me gold to come along as a translator.  I’m a trader, not a tool maker—I was glad of the opportunity.”
“I see.”  Electra sat up and rubbed her eyes.  “I haven’t had much sleep the last two nights.”
Lars nodded.  “We’ve been on a north by northeast course all night.  We’ve not seen a Vagan ship so far.”  Lars took an apple from his pocket.  “Are you hungry?”
Electra reached for the apple.  “I am very hungry.  Thank you.”
Lars left and Electra ate her apple as she stood at the ship’s railing.  She saw only water in every direction.  A slight breeze picked up and the men stopped rowing to put up the big sail.  Three fishermen clustered around the bags of twine that Dagon had thrown on board.  Electra moved closer to watch what they were doing.
Each man loaded a ball of twine onto a wooden netting needle, three prongs with the outer prongs closed in a loop.  The little squares of the net were quickly formed from loops spaced out from the wooden needle.  Each loop was tied off with a knot.  The nets spread out in ever growing triangles of little squares.  One man finished his small circular net and weighted the ends down with stones.
Electra watched carefully as the second fisherman spun out little squares from the hemp twine looped around his wooden needle.  This would be a larger net.  He slowed his hands when he saw Electra watching.  After a few minutes he stopped and handed the needle to Electra, smiling to invite her to try her hand at net-making.
Electra tried to copy the loops and knots she had watched him make.  He nodded when she did it right and stayed her hand when she was about to make a mistake, showing her the correct length of loop or the correct manner of knotting.  She continued on until she had memorized the sequence of required knots and loops, thanking her teacher for his patience with a small bow.
She watched as the first fisherman threw out his small net, casting for bait fish.  He pulled up the net and pulled out some small fish and one larger one, about the length of a forearm.  She licked her lips as he freed the big fish from the net, assuming he would save this one for lunch.  Instead he grew quite excited about this particular fish and quickly brought out the largest set of tackle and hooks he had been given.  He used the large fish to bait the giant hook.
Electra wondered what he hoped to catch with bait and hook that large.  She saw Serafina at the bow of the ship and, forgetting her anger at last night’s rushed departure, went to join her. 
 
Serafina swept the horizon with her eyes.  “I saw a glow in the distance during the night,” she said. “I believe the Vagans may be overnighting on the southern shore.  Perhaps they stopped to hunt for food.  They do not fear anyone coming after them as  they saw you had no boats in Helsop.”
Electra looked out in the same direction as Serafina.  “I think perhaps Helsop should consider getting some boats.  Perhaps we could order one or two small boats from Haddad.  I have just learned how to make a fishing net.  This could be the solution to our food shortage.”
“Who is Haddad?” Serafina asked.
“He is the chief shipbuilder from Taz.  My brother Avor is apprenticed to him.  They are building Delphinia’s river barge.”
“Ah.  The famous royal barge.  I noticed it on its stays when last I visited King’s Lake.”  Serafina’s lips turned up slightly.  “Is it finished now?”
“I would guess it is very close to completion.  It has been over a year in the making.”
“I assume it will be a center piece for your wedding ceremony,” Serafina said with a slight edge to her voice.
Electra felt uncomfortable with this sudden turn of conversation.  She wished she could invite Serafina to her wedding but of course she could not.  The warrant for Serafina’s arrest for the murder of General Pommell had been issued by King Geoffrey.  If Serafina were to see her married she would have to come in disguise as she had to Electra’s engagement celebration.
“The wedding may have to be postponed if we do not find Esme quickly,” Electra said.
A great cry went up from the fishermen at the stern of the boat.  Serafina and Electra both raced to the other end of the boat, ducking under the great main sail to see what had caused the commotion.
The men were cheering as they dragged a huge fish onto the deck of the boat.  Knives appeared as the fish’s great tail threatened to sweep men overboard.  An oar was passed up from below to hit the thrashing giant into unconsciousness.
“A beluga sturgeon,” Serafina stated.  “I have heard of such a fish.”
While Serafina and Electra watched, the men killed the great fish and cut out the egg sacs.  They brought out piles of black caviar and began to pass them around.  The men below left their oars to join their comrades on deck, laughing, slapping one another on the back and pushing in to get a share of the black delicacy.
One of the fishermen came forward to offer handfuls to Serafina and Electra.  Serafina nodded her thanks and Electra stared down at the clump of raw fish eggs in her hand. As hungry as she was, the idea of raw fish was not appealing.
“It is eaten uncooked?” she asked.
“I believe cooking is thought to ruin the flavor,” Serafina replied, gathering a few tiny black eggs into her fingers and popping them into her mouth.
Since Serafina seemed to be enjoying this new found treat, Electra followed suit.  She took a bite and found it quite strong, but hunger drove her to eat more.  Some of the fishermen were passing around a tin of salt.  She added salt and found the taste interesting, though not a thing worthy of cheers and back slapping.  She supposed it must be an acquired taste, like wine.
As the excitement from catching the beluga sturgeon died down and the oarsmen returned below decks, a movement caught Electra’s eye.  Far to the south a shape was passing off their starboard side.  Electra clapped her hand over her mouth and grabbed Serafina’s arm, turning her in the direction of the shimmering movement.
Serafina sprang quietly into action, shushing the men and going below with Lars to order the oarsmen to quickly and quietly pull in their oars.
The distant ship grew in size as it came closer, then changed course and continued east.  Hopefully, they had not seen the dark blue ship against the dark blue water.
“Was it a Vagan ship?” Electra whispered.
“Yes, a scout boat no doubt.  Now we know they protect their flank.”
Serafina and Electra continued to watch until the Vagan ship dissolved into the distance.

Chapter 28

Village Tavern on the River Thebes

After many days of rowing, the silent men—or saffron men—as Esme thought of them, left Cold Lake to enter the River Thebes. This was where they had been taken captive by the Vagans.  It was dusk as they rowed up river against the currant.  They kept a look out for any Vagan ships in the area but saw none.  They decided it was safe to stop at the fishing village for supplies.
The saffron men, though no longer bound by their vow of silence, asked with gestures if their new goddess, Esme, might like to go ashore.
Esme, captivated with her new wolf pups, readily agreed.  She hoped they had more animals to give into her keeping.  She pulled on Ebony’s chain to show that she wanted to take her panther ashore with her.
The silent men talked among themselves about whether her request might be feasible.  Wishing to grant their new goddess any request, they unhooked the panther’s chain while tossing the cat hunks of fish, and guided Esme and Ebony up an improvised ramp to the ship’s deck.  Esme clutched one wolf pup in her arms and the other followed at her heels.  When he faltered at the ramp, Ebony nudged him forward with her nose.
This strange parade of chanting men following a child with a panther and wolf pups made for a compelling spectacle.  Fishermen stopped to stare at the odd  procession coming off a Vagan ship.  Not so long ago their village had been raided by Vagans and many of their friends taken prisoners.  They wondered how this ship had fallen into the hands of holy men.
The tavern owner remembered the silent men and was surprised when they entered his tavern, chanting.  The child and the panther were through the door before he could stop them.  He cowered behind a table until he noticed that the panther was chained and one of the silent men seemed to be holding the end of the chain, albeit in a very slack manner.
The first time the men were here he assumed they did not speak his language, since no one of them spoke or answered any of his questions.
Their chanting held a few familiar words so he tried again.  He had become conversant in many of the languages spoken by travelers as was customary for tavern owners on the river.
“You are back then.  We feared for your lives the last time you were here.  There were Vagans in the area and it wasn’t long before they took some of our own lads prisoner,” he said in a friendly voice.
“Vagans took us,” one of the men said.  He said more but this was all the tavern owner could make out.
“But you managed to escape,” the tavern owner said.  “And, you have a Vagan ship.”
The man shrugged.  “A gift from Helsop.”
“Helsop?  Is that the name of your god?”  The tavern owner could tell from the robes they wore that they comprised some kind of religious sect.
The man waved his hand in a gesture of denial.  Then he pointed to Esme.  “Our goddess Esme.  Reborn as friend to animals.”
The tavern owner looked at Esme, still clutching a wolf pup.  “You know that there’s no dog.  That’s a wolf pup sure as my name’s Bern.”
“Yes.  Goddess friend to all animals.”
“Whatever you say,” Bern said.  “Just keep an eye of that big cat.  She don’t look too friendly to me.”
Ebony stayed close to Esme and the wolves.  If anyone came too close she would warn them off with a growl deep in her throat.
Bern smiled at Esme.  He was a large man with red hair and a heavy red beard.  He suddenly had an idea that he should find some food for the panther and the wolf pups and some milk for the child.  He did not have any milk and wondered why he was suddenly so intent on finding some.
“I will try to find some milk for your goddess,” he said.  “I’ve got some cheese and fish scraps you can give to the animals.”  Bern brought out a bucket of fish scraps from behind a barrel of herring and some cheese from behind his bar.  Then he left by a back door to return a few minutes later with a cup of milk which he presented to Esme.
Esme drank some of the milk and held the cup in her lap for the wolf pups who slurped up the rest greedily.  Bern laughed as he watched the pups cavort playfully over little scraps of cheese and fish.
Bern opened a box on the bar and took out a little rag doll.  “Look what I have for you, Esme,” he said with a big grin.  “This used to be my daughter’s afore she outgrew it.”
Esme seemed to understand the foreigner’s words.  The doll flew out of the tavern keeper’s hands and landed in Esme’s outstretched fingers.
“What in the world just happened?”  Bern stood with his jaw hanging open wondering if he had really seen what he had just seen.  “Did you see that?” he asked the silent man nearest him.
The silent man seemed a little ill at ease, but he nodded with reverence.  “Goddess Esme bring new powers with this birth.  Many blessings.”
“Is she a daughter to one of you?” Bern asked, still staring intently at Esme.
“We make quest,” the silent man said.
“Quest?  Is she an orphan then?”  Bern’s voice held a hint of suspicion.
“She is goddess.  Reborn to us,” the silent man insisted.
“How did you manage to escape from the Vagans and take over their ship?  Is this Esme related to this guy, Helsop, that gave you the boat?”  Bern’s questions grew more insistent as he kept his eyes fixed on Esme.
The silent men who had been scouring the village for supplies returned with baskets full of food they had traded for their wooden carvings.
“We must go,” the silent man said, bowing before Esme and beckoning her towards the door.
“Hold on there,” Bern called.  “Where are you headed?”
“We must go now,” the silent man said, making a quick bow as he followed Esme and the wolf pups out the door.
Bern left the tavern to watch as the silent men quickly cast off lines from the dock and continued up the river Thebes.

Chapter 29

Along the River Thebes  

The silent men rowed hard to put some distance between their boat and the fishing village.  The return to their sanctuary was a difficult voyage, necessitating rowing against the current up a river too narrow to offer many hiding places should they run into Vagan raiders.  They persevered and by dusk their mountaintop home was in view.
The men pointed out their mountaintop sanctuary to Esme. 
“That will be your new home,” they told her in a language she did not understand, but she was able to fathom the meaning by touching their minds with her own. 
Esme had begun to trust the silent men to take care of her and her pets.  Ebony’s chain had been removed and she was free now to follow Esme and the wolf pups throughout the ship.  The area near the ship’s bow where the animals preferred to sleep was kept clean and neat by the saffron men.  Esme had become accustomed to her new situation, but still missed her twin sister and her mother.  She stared at the top of the mountain and wondered what she and her family of pets would find there.
They left the Vagan ship at a narrow beach in the river.  They did not pull the craft ashore or lower the anchor or tie it down.  They no longer needed the Vagan ship.  Their quest had been successful.  They had found the reincarnation of their former goddess.  Esme had powers beyond their understanding.  There was no doubt she was the goddess they sought.
The men made a small litter from sturdy branches and the ship’s sail to carry their goddess up the side of the mountain.  The path was only a narrow deer trail, but that was enough.  They did not want visitors.  They lit torches to guide them and started up the trail, chanting as they climbed.
Esme fell asleep on her litter curled around her wolf pups for warmth.
Ebony walked along beside the litter bearing Esme as they moved higher up the mountain.  They arrived at the sanctuary just before dawn.  The tired men went first to the ornate room that had belonged to their former goddess.  She had been partial to soft materials.  The bed and furnishings were covered in green velvet and pink satin cloth.
Esme hardly stirred as they moved her from the litter to the bed and the wolf pups snuggled in beside her.  Ebony jumped on the bed and snarled when the men tried to cover Esme with blankets.  They left her alone with her animals and went to the sanctuary’s alter to give thanks for the successful completion of their quest.

The next morning Esme awoke late and gathered her animals around her.  She peered at the ornate furnishings and wondered where she was.  After exploring her room and finding little to interest her, she decided to explore farther afield.
As she walked down the stone steps that joined her loft with the downstairs she saw various men stop to bow and stare at her.  Some raced to the kitchen to return with plates of food for her and her pets.  She took some fruit and milk for herself and shared the milk with her wolves.  Ebony downed hunks of meat from a plate on the floor.
Esme continued outside since no one stopped her.  Two men followed at a respectful distance as she stood in the doorway and surveyed her kingdom.  There were sheep and goats scattered about on a grassy knoll.  A small herd of cows grazed around a creek.  Small buildings grouped around a stone plaza rang and clanged with the sounds of men working.
The wolf pups were drawn to the herd of sheep and started out in that direction.  Esme was also drawn to the sheep.  She noticed several half grown lambs among the herd.  She passed a group of men crushing grapes for wine and another few men working over a blacksmith’s anvil fashioning pieces of metal.  The men bowed respectfully as she passed by.
Esme sat down at the edge of the grassy knoll and watched as the wolf pups ran among the sheep, nipping at their heels and sneaking along on their stomachs in playful attacks.  The sheep sniffed the air and moved away from the wolves who were still too young to pose any real threat.
Esme found a black lamb, smaller than most, and offered it grass from her hand.  The lamb nibbled on the grass and jumped around Esme as though it were weightless.  Esme laughed and put her arms around the lamb’s neck.  Ebony came closer and the lamb raced away to find its mother.
The small herd of cows scattered in panic as Ebony and Esme grew near.  Esme tried to put a thought into their minds that Ebony would not hurt them.  Ebony, however seemed not to share that thought.  She crouched down, her tail swinging back and forth ominously.  Esme commanded her to leave off her attack and the animal obeyed, reluctantly.
The men who followed Esme at a discreet distance were quick to shower Ebony with chunks of red meat until the cat was so full she lay down for a nap.  They tempted Esme with varieties of food and drink but she was more intent on her explorations.
She skipped down to the creek where she waded into the water poking at rocks with a stick.  She attempted to scale a tree that hung out over the stream and her watchers held their breath ready to rush in to catch her if she showed signs of falling.
Returning to the grassy knoll, Esme began picking handfuls of wild flowers which she attempted to feed to her black lamb.  She ran with her wolf pups up and down the grassy knoll until she was tired, then lay down beside Ebony to take a nap.
By evening Esme had explored her kingdom fully and found it satisfactory.  She accepted with grace the wooden animals the men had carved into tiny lambs and cows.  She even called one to her through the air just to see her subjects’ faces light up with ecstasy.  It had been a good day.

Chapter 30

Fishing Village on the River Thebes

The fishermen from Thebes River held their oars up in a salute when their village came into view.  They rowed with all their strength as they fought the river current and pulled the painted Vagan ship up to the dock beside the village tavern.  The men collected their money from Serafina and jumped off the boat to find their families and friends who had likely given them up for dead.
Electra glanced at the tavern, wondering if they might garner some information there.  Serafina was also looking in the direction of the village tavern.  Lars came up to join them.
“Shall we see what the tavern has to offer?” Serafina asked.
Lars and Electra nodded and they stepped off the boat.
A few of the freed fishermen were already sitting in the tavern, eager to purchase a cup of mead with some of their wages from Serafina.
“Three cups of mead,” Lars ordered in the fishermen’s dialect.
The tavern owner came over with their cups of mead and thanked Serafina for bringing the captured fishermen home.  They were surprised to see that he spoke enough English to be understood.
Lars drank down his mead in two great swallows.  He stood up.  “Since you won’t be needing me to translate, I think I’ll use my wages to do a little trading in the village.”
Serafina invited the tavern owner to sit with them, which he seemed anxious to do.
“It’s not often there’s a happy ending when the Vagans come ta’ call,” he said.  “Bern’s my name.  I come from a place not too far from Hammer Haven.  Took a fisherman’s daughter to wife an’ been here ever since.  I try to pick up new dialects when I can.  Good for business,” Bern chattered on.
Serafina smiled at Bern.  “We are looking for another Vagan ship—this one manned by a group of religious men in saffron robes.”
“Them that found their goddess?  You didn’t miss them by much.  They passed by two days ago on their way home,” Bern said.
“Did they?”  Serafina asked in a casual tone of voice.
“Darndest thing I ever saw.  They had this little girl with ‘em.  Couldn’t a been more than two years old.  Cute little thing she was.  An’ she had wolf cubs an’ a big black cat with her.  Like ta’ scared me silly.  Now you’ll say I was seeing things but I swear she made a doll fly through the air.  Guess she must of been a goddess like they said.”
Serafina frowned.  “Where is their home?” she asked.
”I’m not sure.  I’ve heard rumors about them but they never leave their home, wherever it is.  Except when they go on some sort of quest, that is.  Not very talkative.  I tried to find out where they found their goddess and who she belonged to, but they left sort of sudden like.  Don’t seem to like questions—that lot.”
“Which direction did they go?” Serafina asked.
“Up river,” Bern replied.  “Hard rowing, that is.  Our men fish mostly here in the delta or out on Cold Lake.  They hardly ever go up the Thebes to fish.”
“Are there any good rowers in the village that might like to earn a little extra money?” Serafina asked.  “I need to follow the religious men and pay them a visit.”
“There’s always men looking to make a little extra.  When do you plan to leave?”
“As soon as I have as many men as I have oars,” Serafina said.
“I’ll put the word out,” the tavern owner said.

Back on the ship Serafina set to work building a clay sculpture.
“What are you making?” Electra asked.
“A little gift for the men who stole Esme,” Serafina said.
Serafina’s tone was so ominous that Electra decided not to ask any more questions.  She sat down to watch as she had done so often as a little girl—watching as her supposed mother fashioned some new product of sorcery. 

Serafina stopped her work intermittently when a new man came around to inquire about the work they had heard bandied about in the village.  She would hold up a silver coin with a questioning look.  The man would nod and return with a knapsack and take his place below deck.  Men drifted by throughout the day—a few the same men who had rowed for her from Helsop.
Serafina continued to work on her clay figurine.  It looked a little like Esme on the outside.  On the inside it held a clay part shaped like an hourglass with an open top.  The top of the hourglass was filled with sand.  The bottom held a mixture of sulfa powder, feathers and a vaporous substance that climbed up the clay sides but was prevented from escaping by a thin chip that divided the sand above from the mixture below.  When the chip was removed, the sand would descend and the vaporous mixture would be free to spill out of the hourglass and escape through the eye and mouth holes of the sculpture.
“What will the gas do when it is allowed to escape?” Electra could not stop herself from asking even though she was not at all sure she wanted to know.
Serafina looked at Electra, studying her face for a few seconds.  “It will make the men forget they ever found Esme,” Serafina lied. 
Electra breathed a sigh of relief.  This was a perfect solution.  If they forgot where they found Esme they would not come looking for her again.  She smiled and clapped her hands together.
“Perfect.  But will it not do the same for Esme?”
“I will pull the chip that releases the sand as we leave their temple,” Serafina said.  “That way they will be asleep when the sand empties and the gas is released.  They will wake up remembering nothing.”
“You never cease to amaze me,” Electra said.

By midnight they had their full complement of thirty oarsmen.  Lars returned with two huge bundles and several smaller ones.
“What have you bought?” Electra asked.
“Two large fishing nets.  Old, but still serviceable.”  He dropped the two large bundles on the deck and opened the smaller ones.  “And twelve new netting needles.”
Electra laughed.  “I will buy them all from you.”
Lars smiled back at her.  “I thought you might.  I’ve noticed your interest in making nets.”

Just before dawn Serafina hung lanterns from the mast and they threw off the ropes that held them to the dock.  They began their hard voyage upstream against the current, on the lookout for the Vagan ship that Dagon had given to the silent men.

Chapter 31

King’s Lake

King Geoffrey, Queen Delphinia and Prince Avor stood together on the shore of King’s Lake, ready to welcome King Gundar and his family to Fernland.  They would be  the first of the royal wedding guests to arrive.  King Geoffrey had been alerted early that morning when Sandovia’s distinctive ship was sighted at sea off Fernland’s coast.  The trip up the estuary took at least three hours, so the royal family had plenty of time to make the trip from the castle to King’s Lake.
“They have likely come early to have time to visit Helsop and pick up Prince Oswald’s weapons order,” Queen Delphinia said, pulling her cloak around her in the morning chill.
King Geoffrey frowned at Delphinia’s comment.  He was probably not looking forward to telling King Gundar—a king he had never met—that his weapons were not ready.
“You could tell him that his weapons were delayed due to an attack by river pirates,” she said.  “He does not need to know that his order was given to Prince Blackwell.”
King Geoffrey nodded, as though he had already planned to say something of the sort.
The small crowd of ministers and dignitaries gathered on the shore around the royal family began to cheer as King Gundar’s magnificent ship came into view.  
The onlookers watched as the gold and blue ship furled its sails and dropped anchor.  It was a large ship—about sixty feet in length—but it was dwarfed by the royal barge which floated now just off shore.  The barge had been sent down the ways only a few days before in a ceremony that named her the Queen Delphinia.  The Queen Delphinia barge now awaited only finishing touches to her interior.
“That must be King Gundar,” Queen Delphinia said, watching as a grey-haired man in a midnight blue mantle trimmed with fur stepped down into a shore boat.
The Sandovian king raised his hands to steady an elegantly dressed woman—likely his wife.  A younger woman followed her down.
Prince Avor sucked in his breath as he watched the girl dangle her foot in the air, feeling for the shore boat with her toe.  She had long blond hair that blew out in the breeze.  Prince Oswald had never mentioned anything about having a sister.  It was well known that Oswald had an older brother who would one day become king and that he himself would have to find another line of work.
“Is that his daughter, do you suppose?” Queen Delphinia asked.  “I didn’t know he had a daughter.”
Prince Avor had no answer, but found himself mesmerized by the girl’s beauty—whoever she was.
Prince Oswald followed the girl into the boat, hopped down without help and pushed the shore boat free of the ship.  He nodded to the oarsman to head for shore.

The shore boat nudged into the sand and the oarsman jumped out to steady the boat as Sandovia’s royal family stepped ashore.
Queen Delphinia stepped forward along with King Geoffrey and they welcomed their guests as a trumpeter played an elaborate fanfare.
“May I present my mother and father, King Gundar and Queen Hilde of Sandovia, and my sister, Princess Elka,” Prince Oswald said in a stately voice.
“Welcome, all,” King Geoffrey said.  He stretched out his arm to his wife and son.  “My wife, Queen Delphinia and my son, Prince Avor.  I am King Geoffrey, of course, and we thank you all for coming.”  He glanced at Prince Oswald.  “We are very happy to see you once again, and to meet your family.”
“Have you had a pleasant voyage from Sandovia?” Delphinia directed her question to Queen Hilde.
Queen Hilde’s hand flew to her chest.  “Hardly.  We were set upon by pirates a day out from Sandovia.”
King Gundar flicked his hand out in dismissal.  His expression showed his irritation—whether at his wife or the pirates was not clear.  “We were never in danger from that rabble.  We easily outran them.”
Prince Oswald smiled as though amused by his parents’ difference of opinion.  Princess Elka kept her eyes downcast and stayed silent, allowing Prince Avor to study her beauty at close range.
“I see your barge is launched,” Prince Oswald observed.
“There is still work to be finished on the interior,” Queen Delphinia said, with a touch of pride, “but we plan to take a test run in two days’ time.  We would be so pleased if you would all agree to join us.”
Queen Hilde smiled as she turned to look at the barge.  “It is quite beautiful.  We would be honored.”  She nudged her daughter, Elka.  “Wouldn’t we Dear?”
Elka nodded without raising her eyes.
Prince Oswald assumed the same amused smile he had worn for his parents’ bickering.  “My sister seldom speaks,” he said.
Princess Elka narrowed her eyes and gave her brother an annoyed glance, but said nothing.
“We have a carriage waiting to take us to the castle,” Queen Delphinia said.  “I am sure you would like to rest for a time after your long voyage.”
The two kings and the two queens got into the carriage and squeezed together to make room for Princess Elka.  Prince Oswald rode on top beside the carriage driver and Prince Avor followed on horseback.
“I thought tomorrow Oswald and I would make the trip up to Helsop to pick up our weapons,” King Gundar said.
Queen Delphinia looked out the carriage window.
King Geoffrey cleared his throat.  “It might be a good idea to send a messenger first to make sure the order is ready.  Helsop was attacked by Vagans not too long ago.  They’re a bunch of river pirates that came across Cold Lake.  We had to raise an army to make sure the scoundrels learned to stay on their side of Cold Lake.”
King Gundar showed his surprise.  “River pirates?  Is your daughter unharmed?”  He seemed to suddenly realize that Princess Electra was missing.
“Yes.  She is fine,” Queen Delphinia replied.  “She will be here as soon as she is able.  Worry that the water supply may have been tainted by the pirates has delayed her arrival.  She is a physician you know.”
Princess Elka looked up with a shocked expression.  She seemed to speak without thinking.  “Your daughter is a physician?”
Queen Delphinia seemed a little embarrassed by the question.  “Yes, it is most unusual, but of course we are very proud of her.”
Princess Elka put her hand to her mouth and blushed with embarrassment.  She cast her eyes down and barely whispered, “Of course.”  She remained silent for the remainder of the ride to the castle.

Chapter 32

Fernland’s Castle

The next morning, King Geoffrey, Queen Delphinia and Prince Avor sat in their family dining room, waiting for King Gundar and his family to join them for breakfast.
“Did you include my inquiry about Take in your message?” Queen Delphinia asked her husband.
“Yes.  I asked Electra to find out if he would be recovered enough from his wounds to entertain at the wedding.  But I do not think it wise to have him in our employ,” King Geoffrey added.
“Why ever not?” Queen Delphinia asked.  “He has been entertaining for a year or more.  We had a theatre built for him.”
“That was before any of us knew he was old king Blackwell’s son,” Geoffrey stated.
“I am sure he did not know either, else he would not have lived as a beggar in our marketplace.”
“Perhaps he has been a spy all along,” Geoffrey said.
“I cannot believe that.”  Queen Delphinia looked at Prince Avor.  “Do you know this daughter of Haddad who spread this gossip about Take?  Can you ask her what more she knows of Take and this rumor that he is old king Blackwell’s son?”
Prince Avor looked up.  “I know her slightly.  The Taz men do not like outsiders speaking to their women.”
“Why not?” his mother asked.
Avor shrugged.  “It is just the way they are.  But I can ask Haddad to ask her.”
“Please do.  I do not know what I will do without the help of the acting troupe.  First Electra declines to arrive in a timely fashion and then my entertainment is in doubt.  King Gundar is only the first to arrive.  We will soon have royalty from all corners arriving with nothing to occupy them.”
“We have the barge,” Avor offered in a hopeful tone.
“Yes.  We do.”  Delphinia patted her son’s hand.  “Perhaps you would offer Gundar’s family a tour of the barge today?”
Prince Avor tried to maintain an air of nonchalance.  “I would be happy to do that.”
The door to the dining room opened and a page announced the arrival of King Gundar and his family.
“Please come in.” Queen Delphinia was on her feet to welcome her guests.  “We thought we would have just our families this morning so we might become better acquainted.  Tonight, of course, we will have a state dinner in your honor.  Sit wherever you like.”
King Gundar took a seat next to King Geoffrey at the round table.  Avor moved over one chair so that Queen Hilde could sit beside his mother.  Prince Oswald sat next to his father and that left Princess Elka sitting beside Prince Avor.
Elka sat with her eyes downcast though she had glanced at Prince Avor as she took her seat.
“I sent a message this morning to Helsop, inquiring whether your order of weapons was ready to be handed over,” King Geoffrey said to Gundar.
“Good,” King Gundar replied.  “How soon might we expect an answer?”
“It is four days there and back,” Geoffrey said.  “In the meantime we might show you more of Fernland.  Perhaps you would like a tour of our boat works.  Or perhaps we could organize a hunt.”
Queen Delphinia looked up with alarm.  “Avor has offered to give you a tour of the barge today if that would interest you.”
Elka seemed to be holding her breath in anticipation as her father answered.
“That would be much appreciated,” King Gundar said.  “We might be in the market for some fast ships ourselves.  I would like a closer look at your boat works.”
Elka’s face broke into a smile which she quickly covered with her hand.
The men began discussing the problem of pirates while the two queens discussed plans for the upcoming wedding.
Prince Avor glanced at Elka.  “Are you interested in boats?” he asked.
Elka looked up with bright eyes.  “Yes, very much.” 
Prince Avor tried a tentative smile.  “Do you sail?”
Elka shot a furtive look at her father who was engrossed in a story of a pirate battle.
“I did when I was younger,” she said in a soft voice.
“Why did you stop?” Avor asked.
Elka blushed a rosy red.  “My father says I am too old now for such activities.”
“Too old for sailing?” Prince Avor looked confused.
“He thinks it is not a proper activity for a princess.”
“Oh.”  Prince Avor decided it would not be a proper activity for him to give an opinion on the matter.
Elka spoke near his ear in a whisper so soft he had to lean near to hear her.
“Was you father in favor of your sister becoming a physician?” she asked.
Avor smiled and had to suppress a laugh.  “No, far from it,” he answered.
“How did she convince him?” Elka asked in another whisper.
Prince Avor pursed his lips as he gazed into space, wondering where to start.  “It is a very long story,” he said, finally.  ”Perhaps later, when we are touring the barge, I will have a chance to tell you it.”
Elka looked into his eyes with a fervent expression of hope.  “I do so long to hear it.”
Now it was Prince Avor’s turn to blush.

That afternoon the two royal families stood on the deck of the barge, newly named the Queen Delphinia.  The boat was two hundred feet long, the deck area furnished with two thrones and several benches toward the bow.  At the stern sat rowing benches fitted with oarlocks.  Below decks were twenty cabins, a galley and a grand salon.  Furnishings in the cabins were still minimal with many decisions yet to be made.
The barge was gilded in gold decorations, the hull painted bright red.  Each oar was hand carved with Fernland’s crest prominently displayed.
“This is truly magnificent,” Queen Hilde commented with a questioning glance at her husband.
“Do not even think about it,” King Gundar commanded.  “We are beset by pirates.  Any ships we commission must be fighting ships.”
“Let me ask your advice about the staterooms,” Queen Delphinia said to her new friend, gently steering Queen Hilde away from her husband.
While the men spoke about the locks set up on the estuary to keep pirates from King’s Lake, Prince Avor whispered to Princess Elka.
“Let me show you the thrones on the bow and tell you that story you asked to hear.”
Elka grinned at Avor and followed him to the bow, noting that no one was paying the two of them any attention.

Chapter 33

Kingdom of Fernland  

Avor and Elka looked at the elaborate thrones situated at the bow of the barge, but declined to sit on them.  Instead, they sat next to one another on a bench behind the thrones.
Avor was having second thoughts about telling his sister’s story to Elka.  He did not want Elka to think his family demented or untrustworthy.  He had never met anyone as lovely as Elka.  She seemed so delicate—almost fragile in her blonde beauty.  She looked at him with sky blue eyes, eager to hear his story.
“I did not grow up with my sister,” he began.
Elka’s eyes grew wide.  “Where did you grow up?” she asked.
“Here, in Fernland,” he replied.  “It is my sister who grew up apart from us.”
Elka nodded, but he saw she was already confused.
“My sister was kidnapped when she was an infant.  We only found her a little more than a year ago.”
“Oh, I see.”  Elka looked a little disappointed.  “She was already a physician when you found her.”
“No,” Avor shook his head.  “She knew a lot about herbs since she was raised by a sorceress but she only became a physician recently.”
Elka’s eyes grew large again.  She had beautiful eyes, Avor thought.
“She was kidnapped by a sorceress?”
“Yes.  My mother’s sister actually.”  Avor immediately wished he could take that back.  Elka would surely think his family insane now.
Elka blinked but said nothing.
“But that is another story,” Avor insisted, hoping he could avoid the subject of his father’s broken engagement to his mother’s sister.  “Electra was sixteen when she finally met her true family.  I was sent to find her.”
Avor hoped this would increase his stature in Elka’s eyes.  He wondered how old she was and how old she guessed him to be.
Elka nodded.  “Where did you find her?”
“They were living in a swamp down by Land’s End—far to the south.”  Avor felt a little better about the story now that his important role was established.
“She did not want to return with me at first.  She thought I was responsible for her mother’s, that is, the sorceress’s death.”
Elka sucked in her breath.  “Were you?”
“No.  As it turned out the sorceress was not even dead, though we both thought she was.  But that, too, is another story.”
Elka tightened her lips together and gave him a suspicious look, no doubt wondering if this was all some elaborate jest.
“So we came back together on horseback.  It took a fortnight and just as we reached Fernland we were taken prisoner.”
Elka’s suspicious expression grew more pronounced.  “You were taken prisoner in your own kingdom?”
“Yes.  Helsop’s militia had taken our bridge.  They burned it down.”
“Isn’t it Helsop we have hired to make our weapons?” Elka asked.  Her voice held a hint of anger.
“Yes.  At that time we were at war with Helsop.  They were allied with our old enemy, Henge.”  Avor did not want to repeat the phrase—but that is another story—a  third time.  He decided to jump ahead to the place where his sister decided to become a physician.
“My sister became engaged to Dagon of Helsop and that is why we now have an alliance with them.”
Elka looked around, possibly trying to find an excuse to leave.
Avor was quick to continue.  “My parents insisted on a long engagement, since they did not believe she could really want to marry someone who had taken her prisoner.  It was when we took in the Taz refugees and one of them—a physician—agreed to mentor her that she became a physician.”
Elka at least knew that Queen Delphinia had declared Electra a physician, so she could not doubt that fact.
Elka shook her head and looked into Avor’s eyes.  “I am accustomed to jests from my older brothers, but you seem sincere.”
“I am sincere, though certainly I am lacking as a story teller.”  Avor smiled at Elka.  “Do you have some wish to become a physician yourself?”
“No.  I am actually quite squeamish about injuries.  But I do sometimes wish for more command over the direction my life will take.  Your sister’s occupation gave me inspiration…, and hope, I suppose.”
“I understand,” Avor said.  “My own destiny seems quite out of my control.”
“You will be king one day.  Then you will be able to do whatever you wish.”
“A king’s duties are somewhat circumscribed as well.  However in the meantime, I am at my father’s direction.”
“As am I,” Elka sighed.
“What would you do if circumstances were otherwise?”
“In what way?” Elka asked.
“Say, for instance, you were in your brother, Oswald’s shoes.  He will not be king since he has an older brother.  He is free to decide what direction his life will take.”
Elka laughed.  “If he had a choice he would likely opt to be the elder brother.  I believe he would relish having his own kingdom.”
Avor laughed with her.  “He does seem quite comfortable giving orders.”
“What would you do, were you in my brother’s situation?” Elka asked.
“I have enjoyed learning ship building.  I could see myself establishing a boat works.”  Avor stopped a moment to think.  “If there were no financial constraints, I would enjoy playing buzkashi.  Perhaps I could introduce the game to neighboring kingdoms—perhaps organize tournaments.”
“Buzkashi?  What is that?”
“It is a robust game played on horseback where two teams of men fight to carry a goat’s carcass over a goal line.”
“A goat’s carcass hardly seems worth fighting over,” Elka observed.
“You would be surprised at the passion such a game can engender,” Avor said.
He looked at Elka’s hand and wondered if he might take it in his own hand.  Instead, he asked his question again.
“What would you do if you suddenly found yourself freed of your father’s rules?”
“I would sail off in a boat, or go back to racing sail boats, which I am of late banned from doing on orders from my father.”  She looked wistfully at Avor.  “But such a thing is not possible.”
“Perhaps I could arrange for such a thing to happen, once at least,” Avor said, hoping that he might grant this wish and win Elka’s favor.
“How might you arrange such a thing?” Elka asked.
“I do not know,” Avor answered truthfully, but I promise you I will think of nothing else until I come up with a plan.”  He took her hand and gave it a gentle squeeze.

Chapter 34

Village of Helsop

Dagon was sitting at his desk in Helsop’s militia headquarters when his sister, Isa, burst through the door holding a rolled parchment in her hand.
“We knew this was coming and now it is here.  The messenger from Fernland is outside waiting for a reply.  He wanted to deliver it into Electra’s hand so don’t let him see that we have opened it.”
Dagon broke the seal and read the message through several times before handing it back to Isa.
Isa read the message aloud.

“Electra,
Please tell Dagon that King Gundar is here early to pick up his weapons order.  I told him the weapons may have been delayed due to the Vagan attack.  Are they ready now?
Your mother needs Take and his acting troupe here to entertain the wedding guests.  Can you get a message to him in Henge?
You and Dagon must come to Fernland as soon as possible.  If Dagon cannot leave at once, I expect you to accompany the messenger back to Fernland, along with a reply from Dagon concerning the arms shipment.
Your father, King Geoffrey”

Dagon nodded as she finished reading the message.  “I had best leave at once to pretend to deliver it to Electra.  The messenger likely already suspects we are reading it.”
“What reply will you make?” Isa asked.
“I do not know.  I will pretend to take time finding Electra.  Maybe I will think of something.”
“Good luck to you,” Isa said as Dagon rolled up the scroll, pressed the seal back together and left the small one-room structure that served as militia headquarters.

The messenger was waiting anxiously outside the door to take Electra and a return message back to Fernland.
“I have an idea of where Electra may be,” Dagon told the messenger.  “You may as well go to the mess tent for some food while I try to find her in the forest.  Try to get some rest for your return trip.  I will be back as soon as I am able.”
Dagon mounted his horse and rode off before the messenger could make an argument about needing to present the message himself.  He took a long circuit around Helsop and ended at the forge where Steig, Hammer Haven’s headman, was hard at work.
The new forge belched fire and smoke into the summer air.  Steig wiped his forehead with his arm and drew a sword from the blazing furnace.  “Ready with the bucket,” he shouted.  One of his men set down a bucket of water and Steig plunged the molten tip of the sword into the bucket, stepping away from the steam that sizzled up into the air.  He smiled when he saw Dagon.
“In the market for a first class sword, are you?” Steig asked.
Dagon smiled and drew his sword. “I still carry my father’s sword.  It served me well at the castle wall when the Vagans came calling.  I suppose I will keep it a while longer.”
Steig laughed.  “Let me know if sentiment begins to wane.”  He handed the sword he pulled from the bucket to his apprentice and wiped his hands on his leather apron.  “What brings you to our forge?”
Dagon pulled the rolled parchment from his sleeve and waved it back and forth before returning it to his sleeve.  “We’ve a message from Fernland.  King Gundar has arrived early for the wedding, hoping to come up here and claim his weapons order.”
“Ha!” Steig said.  “Perhaps you should not have been so quick to give it away to Prince Blackwell.”
“Believe me, it is not good to remain in debt to Prince Blackwell.  How are we doing on refilling the order?”
Steig rested his chin on the first two fingers of his right hand.  “If all goes well—seven days.  That is if all goes well, mind you, and when does that ever happen?”
“Seven days.  Is there any way to speed things along?”
“No.” Steig said.  “We are working harder now than we did under our Vagan jailers.”
“Our wedding is in twelve days.  We have no bride at the moment, which complicates matters.  I believe I will commit our weapons order to ten days’ time and try to remain optimistic.”
Steig took his sword back from his apprentice and laid it on the anvil.  He hammered the edge with a mallet.  “Any word from your bride-to-be?”
Dagon sighed.  “Not yet.  But I did not expect any.  They’ve no one to send back with a message.  I hope she is keeping track of the days.  If they have not found Esme in time to return for the wedding it will be difficult to face the in-laws.”
Steig nodded.  “I do not envy you having such powerful in-laws.  I believe all of Helsop will be relieved to see the return of your princess.”
Dagon climbed back on his horse.  “Carry on,” he said.  “I need to waste a little more time before I send the king’s messenger on his way with a response.”
Dagon rode to the castle where the draw bridge was now in place.  It lay open across the river.  The men were about to test the winch that would raise and lower this all important entrance to Helsop’s castle.
He watched as Deimos shouted, “Raise her up,” and the men in the tower began to crank the lever arm.  The heavy bridge shuddered as the chains grew taut and the bridge lifted into the air.  Dagon pumped his fist and shouted as the bridge tilted into place against the towers.
“Well done!  Well done!” he called out.
Deimos smiled and waved to him from the tower.
Dagon watched for a few more minutes as the villagers cheered the successful raising of the drawbridge, then decided he had stalled long enough.  He turned his horse toward the school of medicine and slapped the reins.

At the new dining table in the school of medicine, Dagon sat with quill in hand, his hand poised above a blank parchment.  He tilted his head as an idea flitted through his mind.  He smiled to himself and began to write.

King Geoffrey,

Electra read your message and decided she must go herself to give Take the Thief Queen Delphinia’s request.  In truth she has been seeking an excuse to go to Henge.  She has had no word yet on whether Esme—Serafina’s daughter—has been rescued.  She became very fond of the twins when she took care of them for a time last spring and has worried constantly since the girl was taken.  I tried to order her not to go, but as you know, Electra is prone to making her own decisions.
King Gundar’s order should be ready in ten days’ time.  Our best crafters are working night and day to fill the order.  I will bring it myself to Fernland as soon as it is ready and Electra returns from Henge.  My thanks for your explanation of the delay.

Dagon

Dagon smiled as he dripped hot wax on the rolled parchment.  He walked quickly out the door and mounted his horse.
He found the messenger sleeping in a corner of the mess tent.  “Here is the reply to the king’s message.  Electra will not be able to accompany you back to Fernland.  The explanation is in the message.  You should probably be on your way as soon as you are rested.”
The messenger turned a suspicious eye in Dagon’s direction, but there was little he could do about his suspicions.  He took the message and ran for his horse.

Chapter 35

Kingdom of Henge 

Take stood at the window of his room in the rear of Henge’s castle.  From here he could see the road leading over the hills, out of Henge.  He rotated his injured shoulder in a gentle circle and decided he was well enough to travel.  But his injury was not the only thing standing in the way of his exodus from Henge.
His fellow actors had moved into the quarters his father had built for them—real apartments with wooden floors and roofs that did not leak during a gentle rain.  The old king provided meals for them. They were treated like visiting royalty.  Take knew they secretly hoped they could continue to live here.  And who could blame them?  It was an easy trap to fall into—having someone else provide for you.  Was he, himself any different?”
A gentle knock interrupted his thoughts.
“I have your breakfast,” a voice outside the door announced.
Juanita’s voice.
“Come in,” Take said.
Juanita smiled at her patient.  “How is your shoulder this morning?” she asked.
“I think I am ready to travel,” he said.
Juanita’s eyebrows lifted in surprise.  “Aren’t you going to put on a performance to open the completed theatre?  Isn’t that why you came here?”
Take frowned.  “Prince Blackwell wants to wait until Serafina returns with their daughter.  We can’t wait that long.  I’ve promised Queen Delphinia we will entertain at Electra’s wedding.  We will have to have the theatre’s grand opening after the wedding.”
“Your father won’t be happy about your leaving.”
Take shrugged.  “It can’t be helped.”
“Your fellow actors may not be too happy about that either,” Juanita said with a wry smile.
“Why are you taking my father’s side?” Take asked with an annoyed expression.  “I thought you did not even want to come back to Henge.”
“I’m not taking anyone’s side.”  Juanita looked equally annoyed.  “And you are right. I did not want to come here.  Why would I want to?”  She gave Take a pointed look, as if to say—who would want a job taking care of him?
“I appreciate your looking after me,” Take said quickly.  “I know neither of us wants to be anywhere near Serafina and we both know she will be back any day now.”
“Hmmmp,” Juanita said, folding her arms in front of her chest.  She seemed unwilling to accept Take’s half-hearted attempt at gratitude.
Take turned to look out the window again.  “I feel the longer I stay here the more my father will become used to my living here and the harder it will be to leave.”
Juanita put Take’s breakfast tray on a small table near the window.  “You do not wish to live here permanently then?”
Take’s whole body gave a little shiver.  “Not if it means being part of Serafina’s family.  I’m sure Prince Blackwell would not welcome such an arrangement either.  Every time the old king finds fault with one of Prince Blackwell’s decisions, he threatens a rebellion to unseat him and put me on the throne instead.”
Juanita laughed.  “I should like to see you sitting on Henge’s throne.”
Take scowled.  “It is not a laughing matter.”
“It is, a little.  I’d wager there’s never been another King Take the Thief of Henge.”
“And would you find it laughable should Serafina find a knife or spoon misplaced and decide to send you to the dungeon for the crime?”
Juanita’s smile dissolved.  She stuck out her chin in a defiant gesture.
“I see you are now cured and there is no reason for me to continue on as nursemaid.  I shall return to Helsop to finish my study of medicine without delay.”
In her defiance, Take saw the young girl he had first met here in a tavern in Henge, dancing for soldiers to make a bit of pocket change.  “Is that what you really want to do?” he asked in a gentle voice.
“Why not?  You are my first private patient and I have not managed to kill you.”
“No, my care has been most adequate.”
“Adequate only?”  Juanita’s temper would not be calmed so easily.  “I must then have more to learn.  I will hand in my resignation without delay.”
Take reached out for Juanita’s hand and pressed it to his lips.  “You have taken excellent care of me and I am grateful.  Is that better?   I only ask because I would like to know what you would like to do next.  Perhaps I can help in some way.”
Juanita pulled her hand away and put it in her pocket.  She sighed and looked out the window.  “I don’t know.  Thinking about what I would like to do is a luxury I have never had.  I would think you of all people would understand that.  Did you choose to become Take the Thief by surviving on bits of stolen food in Fernland’s marketplace?”
Take laughed.  “I am still and will always be Take the Thief, though my father insists I answer to the name ‘Finn’.”
“Then you understand about taking what is offered, as I have done.”
“Yes, I do.  But let’s pretend I still need your medical care for a little longer while we both decide where we will go from here.”
Juanita smiled.  “All right.  But you do not need my constant care.  I think I might move back to live with the gypsy caravan down by the pier.  There is no need for me to stay next door here in the castle.  Besides, I long to see how Zigana is faring.”
Take nodded.  “I want to visit Zigana as well.  I stayed with her for a time, you remember.  She is the only one who still remembers my mother.  My father remembers my mother, of course, but he rarely speaks of her.  I believe he feels guilty for taking advantage of her.”
“As well he should,” Juanita said.
Take took a piece of bread from his breakfast tray and headed for the door.  “Let’s sneak out of the castle and go together to the gypsy camp.”
Take and Juanita peeked out the door and found the corridor empty.  They crept past the old king’s suite of rooms and tiptoed down the stairs.  No one was about this early in the morning.  They slipped out the door of the castle without incident.

Take felt better once he was out the castle gate.  He looked forward to seeing Zigana and the rest of the gypsy camp.
“Would you consider rejoining the gypsy camp if Serafina allowed it?” Take asked.  He had promised the first night he had joined old Zigana at the gypsy camp that he would try to keep Juanita and Esmeralda out of trouble and he still held that promise as a commitment.  He knew Juanita would be drawn to rejoining the camp if she could.  They were her people—his people too, in a way, since his mother had been a gypsy. 
Juanita shrugged.  “I don’t know.  I’ll ask Zigana what she thinks.”

Chapter 36

Gypsy Camp at Henge

Take and Juanita walked along the wharf as they made their way to the gypsy encampment.  Some of the shopkeepers were opening their stalls for the day.
“I want to take some food to Zigana,” Take said, stopping at a table where apples and pears were displayed.
“We should take enough for everyone,” Juanita said.  “And we should have a bonfire—with dancing.  It has been so long since I have danced.”
Take smiled.  “All right,” he agreed.

They walked into the gypsy camp loaded down with bundles.  The children playing outside their wagons saw the bundles and followed them to Zigana’s wagon, which was still painted red with yellow stars and moons.
Juanita called out.  “Old woman, come and see who is back to trouble you.”
Zigana looked out the rear door and her face broke into a big smile.
“Juanita, child.  Where have you been?”
Juanita jumped up into the wagon and hugged the old woman.
“Child, child, child.  Is Esmeralda back too?”  Zigana looked around and saw Take.  “Take, my friend.  Is this your doing?  Come and give an old woman a hug.”
Take heaved himself up into the wagon, hugged Zigana tightly and only released her when she said, “You don’t have to hug me to death.”
They sat on two cots facing one another and Take remembered how Zigana had hung a cloth to separate the two cots while he was sharing her wagon.
“Just a moment,” Zigana said, pointing a finger in the air.  She stuck her head out the rear of the wagon where children were busy opening the bundles of food left on the ground.
“Go on with you now,” she chided.  “You will see what is in those bundles soon enough.  Tell El Grande to come by.”
The children laughed and scattered.
Zigana spread out her long yellow skirt and sat back down on her cot.  “Now, tell me what has happened,” she said.  “When you and Esmeralda disappeared there were so many rumors.  You were both in the dungeon.  You were both dead.  You had both run away from the old king or run away with soldiers.  I didn’t know what to think.”
Juanita patted Zigana’s knee.  “Serafina found out we had helped Shandor escape from the dungeon.  She told us the penalty for that was death.  She said if we did not leave at once she would put us in the dungeon.  We left with just the clothes on our backs.”
Zigana shook her head.  “I wondered when Shandor escaped if you had a hand in it.”  She looked closely at Juanita.  “Are you in danger if she finds you here?”
Juanita raised both hands.  “No, I would not have put you in danger by coming here if that were the case.  Serafina is the one who ordered us both back to Henge.  We were students at the school of medicine in Helsop.  Now Esmeralda is taking care of Shalin and I was brought along to care for Take who was wounded in Helsop.”
Zigana studied Take’s face.  “Is it true you are old king Blackwell’s son?” she asked.
“He claims I am.  My mother took care of his wife when she was ill after Prince Blackwell was born.”
Zigana nodded.  “No wonder your mother told no one who the father was.  I am surprised he has admitted to it.”
Take shrugged.  “He has grown old and lonely.”
Juanita nodded.  “He built the theatre to entice Take to stay in Henge.”
Zigana’s eyebrows raised high into her forehead.  “Serafina demanded our men work on that theatre.  I thought the whole family had taken leave of their senses.”
“They did a good job.  The theatre is a wonder,” Take said.
“Does this mean you are here to stay then?  The three of you?”
Take and Juanita looked at one another before answering.
“We don’t know,” Juanita said.  “Esmeralda and I could go back to the school of medicine.  Take could go back to Fernland.”  She looked at the woman who had taken care of her since her parents died.  “I miss my people.  What do you think we should do?”
Zigana put her fingers to her lips and considered her answer.  “You said Serafina ordered you to care for Take.  What does that mean?”
Juanita smiled.  “I was to nurse him back to health.  He was wounded when Vagan pirates attacked Helsop.”
“It seems Serafina cares a great deal about you,” she said, looking curiously at Take.  “First the theatre and now the concern for your wounds.  You know nothing gets done in Henge without her approval.”
“It may seem that way, but I am sure that is not the case,” Take said with a wry smile.  “With Serafina nothing is ever as it seems.”
Zigana rested her chin on her fingers.  “Hmmm.  And you say Esmeralda was ordered to resume care of Shalin.  Why only Shalin and not her sister?”
“Esme was kidnapped.  Serafina is still out on Cold Lake looking for her,” Juanita said.
Zigana nodded slowly.  “So when she returns she will have no further use for you.”
A shadow of fear fell across Juanita’s face.  “That is true.”
“And if she truly does not care for you,” she said, looking hard at Take, “she may be planning to use you as a pawn in some scheme.”
Take swallowed.  “It would not be the first time,” he gulped.
Zigana closed her eyes for a few seconds, then opened them slowly.  “My advice would be to stay and welcome her back as though nothing is wrong and then leave quietly until you see how things go between Prince Blackwell and his father.”
“I think that is very good advice,” Take said, looking to see what Juanita thought of it.
“I do not really want to go back to Helsop, but I agree that is the safest choice,” Juanita said.
Zigana nodded.  “I do not want to see you go either, but I care more for your safety than your company.  For now, though, you will stay and we will have a celebration to welcome you home.”
El Grande poked his head into the open door at the rear of the wagon.  “The children said you wanted to see me.”  He looked surprised to see Take and Juanita sitting across from Zigana.  “Is everything all right?”
“Juanita and Take have brought food for a feast,” Zigana said.  “We have much to celebrate with their safe return.”
El Grande smiled.  “I’ll see to the bonfire,” he said.

That evening the whole gypsy camp celebrated with food and drink.  Children with full stomachs lay down on blankets under the wagons and men pulled out instruments to begin making music.  Take borrowed a flute and took his place around the bonfire.
Juanita appeared in a bright red dress she had left behind when Serafina ordered her to leave.  She stood silhouetted against the fire and began to sway with the music—gracefully, sensuously.
Take felt his spirit lifting as he joined in with his borrowed flute.  His bare feet beat out a counter-rhythm on the hard-packed dirt around the bonfire.  Tonight he was neither thief nor king’s son.  Tonight he was a gypsy and he had never before felt so free.

Chapter 37

River Thebes

Electra stood at the bow of the blue Vagan ship, searching the shore for any sign of the silent men.  It had been a difficult voyage and she sensed Serafina’s growing impatience.  Not only were the oarsmen fighting the river’s current, now they rowed against a strong headwind as well.
Lars the Trader had climbed the mast to get a better view of the land surrounding the river.  He called down to Electra.  “Shipwreck up ahead.”
Electra held on to the carved wooden dragon’s head at the bow of the boat and stepped onto the ship’s rail, balancing precariously, hoping to see what Lars was pointing at.  Then she saw it.  She jumped down from the rail and ran below to find Serafina.
Serafina was still working on her clay statue of Esme.  She chanted a spell as she painted the statue.  The statue looked more and more like Esme as the face took color.  The hollow eyes and mouth gave it a ghost-like appearance.
“We have found a wrecked boat up ahead.”  Electra had planned to deliver the news in a calm voice, but her excitement came through.
“It is about time,” Serafina replied, painting a final stroke before setting her brush aside.  She followed Electra up to the top deck.
“Lars saw it from the mast.  I could only see it when I stood on the rail.  It may take some time before we come along side,” Electra said, no longer trying to hide her excitement.
Serafina watched from the bow until the ship came into view.
“It has run aground,” Serafina said.
A few more minutes of hard rowing told the story of the abandoned ship’s demise.  It had become wedged in among boulders close to shore while the river’s current continued to batter it from side to side against the rocks.  One side was ripped out and below decks it was flooded with water.
“They abandoned it somewhere upstream,” Serafina said.  “It ran with the current until the boulders snared it.”
Electra nodded.  “They must have reached their sanctuary before they abandoned it.  We must be close.”
“We are very close,” Serafina said.
Electra followed Serafina’s gaze up the side of a mountain where a faint trail of smoke lifted to the sky.  “You think that is their sanctuary?  I do not see any buildings,” Electra observed.
“The buildings are hidden from the river.  But the smoke is from a forge.  They must be quite self-sufficient to have a forge.”
“They will be hard to attack since they hold the high ground,” Electra mused.
“They will not fight,” Serafina said.
“You think they will just allow us to take Esme away from them?” Electra asked.
“Yes,” Serafina said.
Electra was not so sure.  “It is a high mountain.  It will be a difficult climb.  We should take some of the fishermen with us.”
“We will take one to make sure the others wait for us to return with Esme,” Serafina said.  “We will take Lars as well.  Perhaps he will know their tongue.”

They continued up river, watching the trail of smoke and watching the shore for a sandy beach on a sheltered cove where they might safely land their ship.
Lars called down from the mast while pointing to a curve ahead.  As they rounded the curve they saw a small protected beach and Serafina signaled her assent to Lars.  He shouted orders to the fishermen rowers in their language.  The rowing crew continued to row past the beach, then steered the ship backwards, toward shore, as the current drew them back toward the sandy beach.
When the stern of the boat went aground, the men jumped off into the shallow water, let the boat settle out of the current and made it fast with ropes they secured to the trees lining the beach.
Serafina went below, put the finishing touches on her sculpture, wrapped it in a cloth and strapped it on her back.  She told Lars to pick out a fisherman who was well-liked by the crew and offer him money to accompany them up the mountain.  The fisherman quickly agreed to accompany them, eager to earn a bonus.
The two men took enough food and water for the trip up and back, allowing for one overnight along the way.  Serafina scouted the beach, looking for animal tracks.  Since beaches along the river were rare, this was certainly a place where animals would come for water.
She found a deer trail that met with her approval and they started up the mountain.
As they made their way along the gentle lower slopes, they looked always for connecting trails to move them farther up the mountainside.  They moved higher and the trails grew steeper and for a while they followed a pair of mountain sheep along a treacherous rocky outcrop that bordered a grassy shelf half way up the mountain.
 At times they caught glimpses of the buildings that made up the sanctuary.  It sprawled across the mountain top on the far side of the summit, hidden from the river below.  The buildings were painted red and green and the corners of the roofs curved up.  There may have been sculptures at the corners.  They were too far away to be sure.  They could see grassy fields crisscrossed by streams surrounding the complex of buildings.  It looked to be an idyllic setting.
As dusk settled in, the four of them sensed they were close to their goal.  They had stumbled onto what appeared to be a well-trod trail, easy to follow even in dim light, so they kept going.  At the edge of a clearing, they saw a little girl romping through the grass with a menagerie of animals.  She hugged a black lamb while two wolf cubs fought mock battles at her feet.  Ebony, her black panther, crouched in the tall grass, her long tail switching back and forth.
Electra sucked in her breath and clasped her hands to her heart.  “We could just grab her here and take her back.  If we leave the statue, mayhap the silent men will think their goddess has magically turned into a clay idol,” Electra whispered.
“Perhaps they would,” Serafina said.  “But I seek a more permanent solution.  Her eyes were fixed on Esme but Serafina was not smiling.

Chapter 38

The Sanctuary of the Silent Men   

Serafina strode through the grass to Esme.  Esme saw her and ran to her mother.  The wolf pups snarled and bared their teeth.
Serafina knelt down to hug her little girl.
“Mama, Mama,” Esme repeated.
“Esme,” Serafina said.  “I have come to take you home.”
Esme quickly pointed to her new wolf pups.  “Baby wuffs mine.”
“Yes, your wolf pups can come too.”
Esme smiled and noticed Electra.  “Letra come.”
Electra moved closer.  “Yes, Esme, I have come to find you, too.  We have missed you so much.”  She hugged the little girl.
Esme looked around and did not see the one she sought.  “Salin?”
“Shalin is at home with Papa,” Serafina said.  “We will go and tell the saffron-robed men you are leaving.”
Esme skipped happily along beside her mother.  Two of the men charged with watching Esme and keeping her safe came closer but they made no move to stop Serafina.  They seemed worried and unsure of what they should do, if anything.
Lars smiled at the men and tried to speak to them in the various dialects he knew.  The men made no sign of understanding, nor did they attempt to speak to him.  It seemed their vow of silence was back in place.
Serafina, Electra, Esme, Lars, the fisherman, Esme’s animals and the two silent men all headed toward the largest wooden structure.  It was painted red with green beams that curved up toward the sky.  Under each curved beam a demon face had been sculpted into the wood.  The whole group entered what may have been a temple through a tall wooden door strengthened with black strips of iron.
Once inside, a crowd of saffron-robed men gathered around the strangers and their goddess.  Electra wondered how Serafina meant to tell them she was taking Esme home since no one of them seemed to understand other dialects.
Serafina bent down and spoke to Esme.  “You can put your thoughts into their minds, yes?”
Esme nodded.  She was accustomed to giving these men commands as to what she wanted for herself and her animals.
“Tell them you must go away for a little while, but you will come back and visit them when you are older.”
Esme smiled.  She approved of this message since she had enjoyed her stay here.  She looked at the men, one at a time and placed the picture of her leaving and then returning in their minds.
The men grew tense and shook their heads.  Esme put the same picture out again, more insistent this time.
The men began to sound a low keening tone deep in their throats.  It sounded like a deep moan.
Serafina slipped the clay sculpture from her back and placed it on the floor.  While her body shielded the sculpture from view, she removed the chip that held the sand in place.  She stood aside to enable the silent men to view the statue.  They gasped to see how much it resembled Esme.
Serafina pointed to the sculpture.  “Tell them they may honor this statue with gifts and offerings in your absence.  Tell them to treat this statue as their goddess.”
Esme sniffed the statue and reached out to put her hand into the mouth.
Serafina stayed her hand.  “Do not touch it,” she warned.
Esme withdrew her hand and saw in her mother’s mind that the statue held death.  She saw that all her new friends would soon be dead—killed by the statue.  She recoiled from it.
“Tell them this statue will take your place while you are gone,” her mother repeated.
Esme nodded.  But she did not relay that message.  Instead she substituted her own message.  ‘After I leave, take this statue and drop it into the deepest part of the river that runs through the field.  Then I will be sure to return.’ She put this picture in each of their minds, making sure the picture was clear to all.
“Do they understand?” Serafina asked.
Esme nodded.
“Very well.  We will leave now,” Serafina said.
Two men brought food and drinks for their visitors, offering the cups and plates with bows and lowered eyes.
Electra remembered that the silent men had drugged them with sleeping potions before kidnapping Esme.  It seemed Serafina remembered as well.  She pushed the plate out of reach and lifted Esme onto her back, securing the child with the same straps she had used for the statue.
“Tell them not to follow us,” Serafina said to Esme.
Esme put the final picture into their minds.  They were not to follow.  Then she waved goodbye.
Serafina turned and walked to the door.  Ebony and the wolf pups fell into line behind Serafina.  Electra and the two men took one last look around the temple and hurried to join them.
They walked out of the main living quarters and back through the various out-buildings—a blacksmith’s forge, a tannery, a barn, a wine press and other storage facilities.  They crossed the pasture and Esme called out to her black lamb.
“He is too young,” Serafina told her.  “He needs to stay with his mother.  Perhaps when we come back for a visit we can take him home.”
Esme blew a kiss to her black lamb.

They stopped to eat a meal and laid out their blankets at the edge of the pasture.  It was very dark now and the trail down the mountain was too dangerous to attempt at night.

As soon as the strangers left, the silent men looked at one another and realized they were of one mind.  They must take the statue at once down to the deepest part of the creek that ran through the pasture and leave it there, else their goddess would not return.
They walked together with the statue out to the field where their sheep huddled together for warmth.  They solemnly patted the sculpture and dropped it into the stream.  Then they walked in silence back to their sanctuary temple.  They would not speak again until their goddess returned as she had promised.

At midnight the sand did not empty from the hourglass as it was meant to do.  The wet sand clogged the opening and could not run freely.  The poisonous gas did not escape out the holes from  the eyes and mouth of the statue.  The silent men slept, sad at the loss of their goddess who loved animals, but hopeful she would return as she had promised.

At the camp just outside the pasture, Electra woke up and gazed at the stars so bright above the mountain.  It was after midnight.  The gas that Serafina claimed would erase the men’s memories of Esme would already have escaped.  They would likely wonder about the strange statue of a little girl that had mysteriously appeared in their sanctuary.  Perhaps they would treat it as their goddess.  She closed her eyes and marveled at Serafina’s perfect solution. 

Chapter 39

The Sanctuary of the Silent Men

Esme’s rescue team awoke before dawn, ate some cold left-overs and started down the mountain as the sky began to lighten.  The hike down the mountain progressed faster than the hike up the mountain.  They stuck to a more heavily worn path until they were close to their waiting ship, then walked along the shore to where the oarsmen waited.  They quickly pushed the boat into the current and jumped aboard.
As they traveled downstream at a rapid clip, Electra approached Serafina where she stood watching the top of the mountain.  Serafina appeared angry, with her lips pressed firmly together.  She watched a curl of smoke rising from the blacksmith’s forge at the sanctuary.
Electra wondered why Serafina was angry.  Her plan must have worked. The saffron men must have forgotten they had ever seen Esme.  They had made no attempt to follow their goddess down the mountain.
“I see your statue of Esme performed perfectly.  The saffron men did not attempt to rescue their goddess,” Electra said.
Serafina continued to stare at the curl of smoke with an expression just short of rage.
Electra decided to change the subject.
“Between the fast current and our strong rowers we will be back at Cold Lake in no time at all,” she stated.
Serafina turned her attention away from the curl of smoke to face Electra.  “You will return in time for your wedding.”
“Yes, I suppose I will,” Electra said in a half-hearted voice.
Serafina showed her surprise.  “Are you having second thoughts about marrying Dagon?”
“No.  It is not that.”  Electra shrugged.
“What is it then?” Serafina asked.
Electra looked off into the distance as she spoke.  “I am so happy we have found Esme unharmed.  Now she will be reunited with Shalin.  I will not be there to witness the reunion.  And the three of you will not be there to witness my marriage to Dagon.  I wish circumstances were otherwise.”
“If you want the three of us there we will be there.”
Electra threw up her hands.  “No, no.  You must not.  There is still the warrant for your arrest.  Even if you were to come in disguise, my family has seen the twins.  They would recognize them.  They will have put two and two together and know they are your daughters.”
“Do not worry.  We will not come in disguise and we will not be arrested.  You have told me you want us there and I will make it so.  There will be no arrests.  Surely you know I can make such a simple request happen.”
Electra opened her mouth to object but decided against it.  Actually she did trust that if anyone could do it, Serafina could.  She wondered how her second mother could pull off such a feat, but knew if she asked, Serafina would not tell her.  Serafina could never resist a challenge nor would she ever give away a surprise.
Serafina pulled a cloth from her cloak.  “Here is a present for your wedding.  Take it now as a pledge that we will all three be there to witness your nuptials.”
Electra unfolded the cloth and the gold necklace with the physician’s crest dropped into her hand.  The tiny gold crest—one hand touching another’s wrist—could signify her work as a physician or her relationship to Serafina equally well.
“I will treasure it, always,” she said as she hugged Serafina.
Esme came on deck followed by her wolf pups.  They hopped about the deck trapping blowing leaves with their paws.  Esme joined their game, stamping her feet on the leaves that fell from trees overhanging the river banks.
Serafina looked at Esme with suspicious eyes.  “Esme, what did you tell the silent men about the statue?” she asked.
Esme shrugged without meeting her mother’s eyes.  “We visit,” she said, running away to trap a new leaf with her foot before her pups could get to it.
Serafina pursed her lips together in an angry twist and turned her attention back to Electra.
“I thought I might offer our ship in payment to those fishermen who agree to row us back to Helsop,” she said.  “I have no use for it.”
Electra had no rights to the ship.  Nor did Serafina, actually.  It was the spoils of war, she supposed.  It would be good to have the ship as a fishing vessel, but if any Vagans saw it, it would be an excuse for another attack on Helsop—not that the Vagans ever needed an excuse to attack.  She decided it would be bad luck to keep such a ship.
“We have no use for it, either.  I think that is a good plan,” she said.
“Even with your freshly acquired net-making skills?” Serafina arched an eyebrow as she asked the question.
“We do not need anything in Helsop to remind us of the Vagans,” Electra affirmed.  “Perhaps we will commission a small fishing boat from the Taz refugees.  That would make my brother happy.  He has been looking for an excuse to keep the refugees in Fernland.”
“Avor has taken to ship building?”
“It is more like he has taken to buzkashi and they are his team mates, I think.”
“Buzkashi?”
“It is a game where the participants ride on horseback, two teams fighting to carry a goat’s carcass around a goal post.  He learned it from Bataar.  It seems to be the favorite sport of the Barburee people.”
“I’ve not heard of it,” Serafina said.  After a moment she asked a question.  “Will Bataar be at the wedding?”
Electra tilted her head in a thoughtful pose.  “I do not know.  I am sure Avor would want him there and equally sure my parents would not want him there.  My guess would be ‘no’ but then I am a novice at diplomacy.  Perhaps it is wise to invite potential enemies to affairs of state.”
Serafina laughed.  “I would say you have managed to sail the troubled waters of diplomacy quite skillfully so far.  It was you who engineered the treaty between Fernland and Helsop, was it not?”
“That was the result of family obligations, and even with those familial ties to aid me, I barely managed it.”  Electra smiled at the memory of infiltrating Fernland dressed as a harem dancer.
They both watched as familiar landmarks slid by on either side of the river.  They judged they would reach the fishing village by sundown.  If enough fishermen accepted Serafina’s offer of a stolen ship, they would soon be on their way back to Helsop.

Chapter 40

Kingdom of Henge

Take insisted that Juanita come with him to begin rehearsals with his acting troupe.
“You are hired to take care of me.  We do not want anyone to think you are no longer needed.  You are being paid aren’t you?”
Juanita shrugged.  “No one mentioned it, but I hope so.”
“I will make sure my father pays you.”
Take decided he would take care of paying her himself.  He had no intention of speaking to his father about it.
“Is it all right if Esmeralda comes too?” Juanita asked.
“Yes.  Bring her along.  She can bring Shalin if she needs to.  Meet us at the theatre.”
Juanita ran off to find Esmeralda, and Take walked over to the new housing his father had built for the actors.  He found his fellow actors gathered in Tom and Angie’s apartment, drinking ale and munching on jerky and cheese.
“Take, look at ya, up an’ around,” Tom said.  “Have a cuppa ale with us.”
Angie handed him a cup while she poured the ale into it from a pitcher.  “Are ya’ all recovered from yer wound then?” she asked.
Take nodded. “Yes.  I’m fine now and ready to start rehearsals.”
“About time,” Bear complained, looking aggrieved.”
“What are you complaining about?” Take asked, laughing.  “It looks as though the lot of you are enjoying your vacation here in Henge.”  He looked at his actors, each in turn.  They all appeared to have put on a bit of weight and seemed a little lethargic.
Smiles joined Take’s laughter.  He slapped him lightly on the back.  “We’re enjoying it too much,” Smiles agreed.  “You’d think it was us instead a you what just found out we was related ta’ the king.  We got everybody waitin’ on us hand and foot.”
“That’s a fact,” Peaches said.  “Me an’ Trixie haven’t lifted a finger since we got ‘ere.”
Trixie nodded.  “It’s a fact fer sure.”
“That all ends now,” Take said.  “It’s time we earned our keep.”  He took a minute to stare at the ceiling, thinking.
“We need an idea for the theatre inauguration that we can use again for Electra’s wedding.  We won’t have time to rehearse for both.”
“What if Serafina don’t get back afore we got ta leave fer the wedding?” Tom asked.
“Then we’ll have to leave without inaugurating the theatre.  I’ve made a promise to Queen Delphinia.  But let’s not speculate on that.  Let’s go ahead as though everything will go as planned—not that such a thing ever happens.”
The actors grinned at Take’s joke.
Angie cleared her throat.  “We’ve got fairy costumes and sea creature costumes.  If we can use those we won’t have to make new ones,” she said.
“All right,” Take agreed.  “Let’s see if we can come up with something new using our old costumes.  Some of them at least.”
“We could have a war where the fairies fight off the sea creatures,” Tom suggested.
“What are they fightin’ about?” Bear asked in a dubious voice.
“Maybe they both wanted to live in the beautiful fairy garden,” Trixie suggested.
Bear squinted his eyes at Trixie. “ They be sea creatures,” he said, emphasizing the word ‘sea’.  “Sea creatures don’t want ta’ live in no fairy garden.  They live in the sea.”
Tom broke into the argument, inspired by an idea.  “Maybe there’s a wall between the sea an’ the fairy garden an’ they both want the wall.  An’ the fight could be atop the wall in between,” Tom concluded.
Take could see that Tom’s mind was still full of the brief battle they had fought on Helsop’s castle wall.  “Perhaps we all need a break from thoughts of war,” Take said gently, feeling a twinge of pain in his wounded shoulder.
Trixie put her finger in the air.  She had a new idea.  “Maybe the sea creatures are angry because the fairies have played a trick on them so they come ta’ play a trick back ta’ get even.  Fairies do that, you know,” she said.
Bear’s forehead creased in a suspicious expression.  “What kind a’ trick?”
Trixie’s hand drew a circle in the air.  “Like maybe the fairies took King Neptune’s trident an’ hid it,” she said.
Bear seemed irritated with this story line.  “All King Neptune would have ta’ do is sneeze an’ a whole big storm would come up an’ drown the lot a’ them.  I don’t think they’d be stupid enough ta’ hide his trident.”
“They might be,” Trixie insisted.  “Fairies are like that.”
“Fairies aren’t even real.  How do ya’ know what they be like?” Bear asked.
“Same way we all know,” Trixie said with certainty.
The actors all looked at Trixie, wondering.
“An’ how is that?” Bear asked, when no explanation seemed forthcoming.
Trixie shrugged.  “By reputation, a’ course.  Fairies got a reputation fer takin’ things an’ hiding ‘em.”
Take could see Bear’s face turning red, a sure sign his patience was at an end.
Take put up his hands in a calming gesture.  “Let’s think along the lines of romance and celebration,” he suggested.  “We have a wedding in Fernland and a homecoming in Henge.  Hopefully, Serafina will return with her kidnapped daughter.”
Peaches clapped her hands together.  “We could have a fairy wedding,” she said.  Her voice had a dreamy quality, as though she were reliving her own wedding to Bear—a wedding which had all the trappings of a fairy tale wedding.
“And we could have the sea creatures as wedding guests,” Trixie added, warming to the idea.  “They could be dressed up in human clothes like regular guests at a wedding.”
Bear looked cross-eyed at Trixie.  “Why do they have to wear human clothes?  They could just be sea creatures at a wedding.  Nobody knows how a body dresses at a fairy wedding anyhow.”
Trixie stuck out her lower lip at Bear.  “Everybody dresses up fer a wedding.  Everybody knows that.”
Peaches took Bear’s hand and squeezed it gently.  Bear gave her a love-sick grin.  “It would be funny though if they dressed up in human clothes,” she said.
Take nodded.  “That sounds like a good idea for Electra’s wedding, but how could we use it for Serafina’s arrival home?” he asked.
Angie spread her arms wide.  “We could just leave off the wedding but have fairies an’ elves an’ such coming from all over an’ maybe a boat even sailing in like the one Serafina left on an’ have them all coming here for a celebration ‘cause maybe a fairy child got lost an’ then got found again.”  Angie took a deep breath after her long speech.
Take nodded.  “I like it.”  He saw Juanita and Esmeralda heading for the theatre out the window of the apartment.  “Do you think we could fit a couple of gypsy dancers into it?”
“Sure,” Tom said.  “We ought ta’ do that.  It was them gypsies what built the theatre, ya’ know.”
“Yes, it was at that,” Take agreed.  “We should make sure the gypsies are invited to the opening.  Let’s go over to the theatre and start walking out the various parts.  I’ve got a couple gypsy dancers meeting us there.”

They met up with Juanita, Esmeralda and Shalin at the entrance to the theatre.  They all knew one another by sight from their time under attack at Helsop.  While the actors got better acquainted with the gypsy girls, Take began to unload the cart they had dragged with them all the way from Fernland.
He pulled out costumes, rigging, musical instruments and magician’s equipment, considering how each could be used in their new production.  He did not notice the little girl who had wandered over to watch.  He turned when he heard the sound of a flute at his side.
Shalin held the flute as she had no doubt seen others hold it.  She blew into it tentatively.  Her eyes grew wide and she smiled when a low mournful note came out.  She held the flute up to Take.
“Why, thank you,” Take said.  “Would you like me to play a tune for you?”
Shalin gave one deliberate nod and then smiled.
Take played an up-tempo jig and Shalin clapped her hands in delight.  He handed the flute back to her.  She breathed into it once and seemed disappointed to hear only one soft note.
“Shall I show you how to play a song?” Take asked.
“Yes. You play,” Shalin said, fairly dancing with excitement.
“See, you put one finger over a hole and that gives you a different note,” Take said.  “Here, you try it.”
Shalin took the flute and did exactly as Take had done.  When the same note came out she looked as though she had discovered a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.  She proceeded to try covering different holes to produce different notes and began to dance a little as she played her notes.
“We seem to have found a new flute player,” Take mused.
Shalin took no further notice of Take.  She was now completely absorbed in her music. 

Chapter 41

Kingdom of Henge

Prince Blackwell sat across the desk from his two highest ranking generals.  General Tribold, in charge of the cavalry was a tall, grey-haired man with a thin face and steady blue eyes.  General Fordham, in charge of the infantry division, was shorter, muscular and almost bald.
Prince Blackwell spoke first to General Tribold.  “Our cavalry performed well in Helsop, as did our archers,” he added turning to General Fordham.
General Tribold nodded in acceptance of his commander’s praise.  “The armor you provided to protect our horses made a big difference.  Without it, we would have sustained many injuries.  The Vagans attacked our mounts at every opportunity.  They are big, strong men who wield their swords and axes skillfully, but they could do little damage against armored horses.  They soon took the wiser course of falling back.  It is a shame so many were able to escape in the darkness.”
General Fordham took up the discussion of their recent battle.  “I am quite sure they were ill-prepared for our exploding arrows.  Dagon had them and used them to good effect to keep the pirates from ramming through the rock barricade they had erected in place of the drawbridge.  He said the arrows were not much help when the Vagans opted to use ladders to climb over the walls instead.  He was lucky we arrived when we did—otherwise the cut-throats would likely have found a poorly defended spot and once inside…”  He trailed off his speech.  There was no need to describe what would have happened once the Vagans got inside the castle walls.
“How are our supplies of the white powder now?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“We have a good supply,” General Fordham answered.  “Since Princess Serafina established the factory in Manoa we get regular shipments.  We train with live ammunition so our archers have become quite adept.  Even so we have excess white powder in such quantities that we will soon need to build another enclosure to house the surplus.”
“Do our spies still believe the secret formula for the exploding arrows to be contained to Henge, Helsop and Fernland?” Blackwell asked.
“They believe so.  Both King Geoffrey and Dagon seem to be keeping the secret.  We have no indication that they have shared the formula with their allies.  Nor do we believe they have surplus enough to sell for profit.”
Blackwell pursed his lips, thoughtful.  “I hope nothing changes in that area.  Of course now that the Vagans have experienced the exploding arrows they will risk all to lay their hands on the secret.”
Both generals nodded in agreement.
Prince Blackwell stood up.  “Carry on then.”  This was the signal that the meeting was over.  Both generals stood, saluted their commander and quickly left the room.
Prince Blackwell followed them out and was surprised to see Esmeralda standing outside his door, waiting.  She held Shalin’s hand and the little girl smiled when she saw her father.
“My little princess,” Blackwell said, swinging Shalin up from the floor.  “You have come to visit Papa?”
Shalin giggled and hugged her father as he held her to his chest.
“I wondered if I might have a word,” Esmeralda said in a soft, hesitant voice.
“Yes, of course.”  He stood aside and motioned Esmeralda into his office.
“Have a seat,” he said as he sat down on the other side of his desk, holding Shalin on his lap.
Esmeralda took one of the chairs vacated by the generals.
“You said you wished to have a word?” Blackwell prodded.
“Yes. Yes…” Esmeralda seemed unsure of what she wanted to say.
“I hope my little princess has not been misbehaving,” Blackwell said, smiling while he kissed the top of Shalin’s head.
“No. Nothing like that.  I, ah…, Shalin seems to be quite keen on music.  I believe it might be well to provide her with one or more musical instruments—a flute perhaps to begin with,” Esmeralda stammered.
“A flute.  I see.  How did you discover this love of music?” Blackwell asked, clearly interested.
“Ah…, we were watching as the acting troupe rehearsed this morning and they found all their musical instruments had gone missing.”
“Someone stole them?” Prince Blackwell’s interest turned to surprise and his smile to a frown.
“No, no.  Certainly not.  They were found soon enough hidden under the stage,” Esmeralda said.
“Someone had stored them there?” Blackwell asked.
“We think perhaps Shalin had done so,” Esmeralda said, her voice barely audible.
“Why would Shalin do that?  Surely they are not enlisting a toddler’s help with their equipment.”
“No, no…, it’s just that we had a few instances of Shalin calling some instruments to her at yesterday’s practice and she was quite reluctant to give them back.”
“I’m afraid I am not following you,” Prince Blackwell said.  “What do you mean she was ‘calling’ instruments to her?”
Esmeralda leaned in closer. “I know Serafina does not allow it, but all of us in Helsop have seen it.  Shalin means to mind her mother but it’s just that Serafina is not here just now and Shalin so loves music.  And she already knows how to play the flute a bit.  Take is teaching her and…”
Prince Blackwell waved his hand to signal a stop to Esmeralda’s proclamations.  “I really do not know what you are speaking about.  What exactly is it you think you have seen?”
Esmeralda saw Prince Blackwell’s face grow menacing and scooted back against her chair.  “I, ah, I must have been dreaming.  It must have been some sort of magic.  It is a magic show, after all.  I really do not know what I have imagined I saw,” she mumbled.
“Just as I thought,” Prince Blackwell said, his confidence restored.  “The acting troupe is quite good with illusions.  I am sure they are planning something special to inaugurate the new theatre. I’m not sure I approve of Take the Thief teaching Shalin any of his magician’s tricks but if Shalin has taken to music as you say, I will authorize the purchase of a flute.  You may tell my secretary to procure one down at the dockside market.”
He turned his daughter around to face him.  “Would you like to have a flute, Shalin?”
Shalin nodded and hugged her father.  He set her down on the floor beside him and Esmeralda held out her hand.  Shalin took it and they both walked quickly out of Prince Blackwell’s office.

Chapter 42

Cold Lake

After a series of clear days with favorable winds, the Vagan ship carrying Serafina, Electra and Esme, passed a landmark Electra recognized.  It was a great pile of boulders that jutted out of Cold Lake just off shore.
“We are close,” Electra said to Lars.  “Ice Mountain lies hidden in mist off to the west.”
The fishermen who had agreed to row them home in exchange for the Vagan ship recognized the landmark as well.  They decided to cast their nets, sure that the people of Helsop would want to buy their catch.  When they pulled in their catch, the heavy nets teemed with fish.  Small wonder, Electra thought.  No one had ever fished these waters before.
A few of the oarsmen continued to row while the rest dealt with their huge catch, preserving them in a solution of brine to prevent spoilage.
Electra watched carefully.  If her own nets proved as lucky, she would need to know how to preserve her fish.
Serafina stood beside her on deck and watched the fishermen work.
“Thinking of going into the fishing trade, are you?”
“Yes, we need a source of meat.  Helsop lacks the pastures needed for grazing animals,” Electra replied.
“Prince Blackwell is happy to trade beef and mutton for weapons,” Serafina said, smiling.
“Self-sufficiency is always preferable,” Electra stated, her smile matching Serafina’s.
“And you claimed you would make a poor politician,” Serafina teased.
“I have become quite protective of Helsop, haven’t I?” Electra mused.
Serafina nodded.  “I could have foretold that.”
Electra turned to face her.  “With such political wisdom as I have garnered, I still do not see how you intend to come to my wedding without starting a war.” 
Serafina laughed.  “Everyone wants something and I happen to know what King Geoffrey wants.”
Electra shrugged.  “I have learned not to doubt your abilities.”
The fishermen were shouting something to one another.  Electra and Serafina joined Lars at the bow of the boat.  There, up ahead, clouds parted to reveal Ice Mountain in all its splendor.  They would reach Helsop before night fall. 

The blue ship’s approach to Helsop had not gone unnoticed.  It looked as though most of Helsop was on shore to greet them as they dropped anchor and pulled back on their oars close to shore.
Electra waved to her friends gathered on shore.  She saw Dagon wading out into the shallow water and jumped overboard to meet him.  They splashed to shore hand in hand and hugged one another with all their might.
“Have I made it in time?” Electra asked.  She knew that she had, having kept careful track of the days since leaving Helsop.
“Only just.  The messages from your parents have become quite anxious,” Dagon said.
“And what excuses have you made for my failure to appear?”
“At the moment you are in Henge, having decided to go in person to remind Take and his acting troupe that they are needed most urgently to entertain guests in Fernland.”
“How enterprising of me,” Electra laughed, giddy with relief at having returned in time.  “And how imaginative of you.”
“I have my moments,” Dagon replied, “and this is one of them.”  He kissed Electra firmly on the lips.
Electra closed her eyes, lost in the kiss and the happiness of being home.  She felt Dagon hold her more tightly as he straightened up to look over top of her head.
“What is this? You have brought food as well?”
Electra turned to see the fishermen holding up buckets of fish in brine to show the villagers what was on offer.
“I believe they are hoping to sell their rather large catch to the people here in Helsop,” Electra said.
“I believe they have come to the right place,” Dagon said.
Dagon waved Deimos closer and conferred with him briefly.
“Will you ride back to Headquarters and get a few of the gold coins from King Gunder’s down payment?” he asked Deimos. “ I believe we may soon have the makings of a huge fish bake.”

While Deimos rode off to retrieve coins to purchase the fish, Dagon met with Lars and the fishermen to strike a deal.  Negotiations stalled when different currencies were named—neither side having any idea of what each other’s’ names for coins denoted.  When Deimos showed up with gold coins, however, a sale was quickly agreed upon.  For two gold coins, the whole of the catch was transferred into the hands of the hungry villagers.
Fires were laid and Electra told Lars to invite the fishermen to the feast.  Dagon wanted to offer the fishermen leave to fish the waters off shore, but Electra cautioned him against doing so.
“These waters are ripe for fishing.  And I have both fishing nets and the knowledge required to make more nets.  We should not be so quick to give away the rights to such fertile fishing grounds as we have just off-shore.”
“Oh?” Dagon asked.  “Are we to claim rights to fish where we have yet to cast a net?”
“I believe we may have such a claim by mere proximity,” Electra said, quite serious now.  “It is a thing I mean to put to my father’s advisors in the law.”
Dagon nodded.  “Perhaps your father’s idea of our ordering boats from Haddad and his crew are not so far-fetched after all.”
“That is my hope,” Electra said.

Esme ran up to Electra with her wolf pups at her heels.  
“Bye, Lectra,” she said.
Electra saw Serafina speaking with Lars and the fishermen.  The sorceress shook hands with one of the fishermen and turned to walk towards Electra.
“The boat is theirs now, as promised,” Serafina said.  “You had best caution them against taking too many of your fish.  They are quite excited by the two gold pieces.”
“Esme has said goodbye.  Are you leaving so soon?” Electra asked.
Serafina stroked Ebony’s sleek black fur.  “Esme is anxious to reunite with Shalin, as am I.  We will all see you again very soon.”  She smiled an enigmatic smile.
Electra hugged Serafina first, then Esme.  “If you see Take and his actors still in Henge, will you tell them they are urgently needed to entertain in Fernland?”
“I will.  Do you wish the return of your gypsy students?”
“It is their decision—and yours, I suppose,” Electra said.
Serafina nodded.  “Enjoy your fish feast.  We will see you soon in Fernland.”
Dagon and Electra watched them walk back toward the village—first Serafina, then Esme, Ebony and the wolf pups.  She felt the familiar tug of loss at her heart and reached out for Dagon’s hand.  He pulled her close and warmed her with his body.
“What did she mean, she would see us in Fernland?” Dagon asked.
“She says she and the girls will receive an invitation to attend our wedding,” Electra said.
Dagon hit his forehead with the palm of his hand.  “And to think I was worried about making small talk with members of the royalty.  If Serafina shows up we may indeed have something to worry about.”

Chapter 43

Kingdom of Fernland
 
Before dawn Prince Avor whistled for his horse, Sassafras, and she came running from the meadow where the Taz men kept their mounts.  He threw on a saddle and mounted up in the dark.  He wanted to be on the road from King’s Lake to Fernland’s castle as the sun rose.  If he arrived in time for breakfast, he could set his plan in motion.

At the castle Avor left Sassafras with a groom and ran up the front steps.  The castle’s small family dining room was empty.  He stopped a passing page and asked him to find out from the kitchen staff if anything special had been planned for breakfast that morning.  He waited impatiently until the page returned.
“They are expecting guests for breakfast, but not so many as to need the main dining hall.  Breakfast will be served here in the royal family dining room.  Will you be present Your Highness?” the page asked.
“Yes, I will,” Avor said.
“I will bring tea for you,” the page said.  “Would you like it here or in your room?”
“Here will be fine,” Avor answered, relaxing into a chair.
A few minutes later Avor sat drinking his tea, trying to think of any reason his father or mother might object to his plan.  He thought of a few but had rebuttals ready for each possibility.  His mother was the first to arrive.
“Avor!” His mother’s surprise quickly turned to joy.  “What a nice surprise.  What good fortune brings you up from the Lake?”
“I had an idea for entertaining the guests that I thought you might like.”
Queen Delphinia beamed at her son.  “How thoughtful.  I am quite beside myself without Take and his acting troupe to call upon.  I do not want to dwell on the possibility that he may have moved to Henge permanently to live near his father, but I suppose I must soon do so.  Tell me your idea, please.”  She emphasized the word ‘please’, then a shadow fell over her face.  “You are not contemplating a buzkashi match are you?”
Prince Avor laughed, knowing his mother viewed his favorite sport as a dangerous dance with death.  “No, of course not.  Not unless you would welcome an exhibition match, that is.”  He looked up with a hopeful expression.
Delphinia shook her head.  “I do not think it would be quite appropriate for wedding guests.  But tell me your original idea,” she added quickly.
“I heard King Gundar’s family is quite keen on sailboat races,” Prince Avor began, careful not to mention Princess Elka specifically.  “We have shore boats that could easily be equipped with sails. It would be a nice safe competition that could fill an afternoon at the Lake.”
Queen Delphinia tilted her head as she considered the suggestion.  “How clever of you to have found out such an affection.  They have a fondness for sailing, do they?”  She nodded, then smiled.  “I think it might be just the thing.”  She put her hands together beneath her chin.  “I can hardly wait to tell your father.  Or perhaps you should be the one to tell him since it was your idea.”
“No.  Better you should suggest it,” Avor said.  He did not add the fact that his father’s first inclination for any of his son’s ideas was a quick veto.
“All right.  I will tell him as soon as he gets here.  He went out early this morning to check on the building of his new storage container for the white powder Dagon gave him.  He is adamant about making it inviolable this time.” 

King Gundar’s family arrived together a few minutes later and King Geoffrey a minute after that.  They all took seats and the serving staff was ready with hot cups of tea and plates of eggs and sausage.
Queen Delphinia winked at her son and opened the conversation at the breakfast table.  “Avor and I were talking earlier about a possible event to pass the time that some of our guests might find enjoyable.”
Queen Hilde looked up, curious.  The others seemed more interested in their breakfasts.
“We thought an afternoon at the Lake watching sailboat races might be a nice diversion.”
King Geoffrey stayed his fork, half way to his mouth.
“Sailboat races?” he repeated.
King Gundar shrugged but Prince Oswald stopped eating to make a comment.  “I did not know you did that here.  You have sailboats made for racing?”
Queen Delphinia glanced at Avor.  “Do we?”
Avor replied in a casual tone.  “Not made specifically for racing, but we could equip our small boats for that easily enough.  Some of the Taz men would be quite keen on it, I am sure.”  He spoke as though the idea had only now crossed his mind.
Princess Elka looked around the table where silence reigned and decided to voice her own opinion.  Her voice squeaked a little on the first word, and caught everyone’s attention.  She quickly recovered and continued.  “That is a thing I would enjoy very much,” she said, and quickly lowered her eyes.
“Of course you would,” Prince Oswald said, laughing.  “You always win.”
King Gundar twisted his face in a one-sided frown.  “We did a lot of racing around our islands until the pirates began hiding in every rocky cove and inlet.”
Queen Hilde added her opinion.  “The children would likely love the opportunity to compete again.  How generous you are to suggest it, Delphinia.”
Queen Delphinia sat up straighter.  “It is nothing.  I am so happy to have found an activity that will engage you.”  She turned to Avor.  “Do you need any help to move things along?”
Avor could not have asked for a better opportunity.
“As a matter of fact, it seems you all have more experience at this than we here in Fernland.  If any of you has any extra time today, perhaps you could accompany me back to the Lake to set things in motion.”
No one spoke up right away.  Princess Elka blushed furiously and tried to hide it by wiping her face with a napkin.
“I am free today,” she said in something akin to a whisper.
“Great news,” Avor said with enthusiasm.  “I will see about getting you a horse and we can leave after breakfast.”
King Gundar looked first at his daughter, then at Prince Avor.  There may have been a hint of suspicion, or perhaps Avor only imagined it.
Prince Avor took pains not to hurry his breakfast.  He said no more about the sailboat races and the conversation moved on to King Gundar’s order of weapons from Helsop and what could possibly be causing the delay.
After breakfast Prince Avor and Princess Elka were the last to leave.
“Thank you,” Princess Elka said.  “I did not see how you were going to arrange such a thing—but you have.”
“Let us go before they change their minds,” Avor said with a smile.

Chapter 44

King’s Lake

Avor and Elka arrived at King’s Lake after a leisurely ride from the castle.  Avor gave her a little history of the boat works, telling her how his father had taken in the Taz refugees after the Great Khan invaded their city and left them homeless.
“Your father must be a most generous man,” Elka observed.
Avor laughed.  “Not particularly.  But he is inclined to give my mother whatever she wants and she wanted the royal barge the Caliph promised in exchange for temporary residency.”
“She made a good bargain, I think.  The barge is extraordinary.”
“Yes.”  Avor allowed his pride in the show piece to come through.  “It turned out quite well.”
“The Taz people are good at ship building—are they good sailors as well?” she asked.
“Quite good.  We outran a pirate ship once,” Avor said.
Elka jerked her head around to face him and her horse snorted at the sudden move.  “Pirates?  Here?”
“No, not here.  That was when we were in Taz trying to find a source of…”  Avor stopped himself before he said ‘white powder’.  He wondered what he was thinking to have come so close to giving away Fernland’s secret weapon.
“A source of what?” Elka asked, patting her horse to calm him.
“I was invited to the Nomadic Games by Bataar—the son of the Great Khan.”
“What!  Surely you jest.  You just told me your father took in refugees of the Great Khan’s attack on their city.  Why would that villain invite you to the Nomadic Games?”
“It is complicated.  Bataar does not know the ship builders are former residents of one of his people’s conquered cities.  In fact he has hired some of them to build boats for him.”
“Amazing.”  Elka was quiet for a moment.  “Have you ever met the Great Khan?”
“Yes.  Bataar introduced me to him.”
Elka seemed at a loss for words.  She looked at Avor with a new respect, as though seeing him for the first time.
“I see Haddad,” Avor said.  “Come and I will introduce you and show you the small boats we have to work with.”
“Yes.  I would like to see them,” Elka said.

Haddad waved to them from the barge and motioned them to come aboard.  Avor helped Elka down from her horse and led her to one of the small shore boats pulled up on the sandy beach.
“These are the shore boats.  They are all about the same.  There is no sail, only oars, but I think we could rig a sail fairly easily by cutting through the center board.”
Elka frowned at the shore boat.  “It is not made for speed,” she noted.
“No,” Avor agreed.  “They are designed for utility.  The flat bottoms make them sturdy and easy to pull ashore.”
Elka held her chin between her thumb and forefingers, considering.  She lifted one side of the boat so that it rested on the outer edge of the flat bottom and bounced it a little to judge the weight of the side she held in the air.  “I might be able to work with this—given a good breeze.”
They pushed the small boat into the water and Avor rowed out to the barge where they climbed aboard on a rope ladder.
“How goes work on the interior?” Avor asked Haddad.
“We are down to women’s work now, furnishings and linens,” Haddad said, looking curiously at Avor’s guest.
“I would like you to meet Princess Elka, daughter of King Gundar, and champion boat racer,” Avor said.
Elka blushed but accepted Haddad’s stiff bow with a nod.  “I enjoy racing small boats, but I am sure any of your people could do as well,” she said.
“Queen Delphinia has proposed we entertain the wedding guests with a boat race—perhaps as early as tomorrow afternoon if it can be arranged.  We would need to fit the small shore boats with sails and set out a course for the race on the lake.”
Haddad put his lips together in a thoughtful expression.  “A boat race,” he said.  “Mmmm.  I suppose it could be done.  Who is to race in this event?”
“Whoever is so inclined.  Elka and I will be competing.  Also her brother, I expect.  We thought some of the Taz men would like to join in.”
Haddad arched his eyebrows.  “We are invited?”
“Yes, of course,” Avor said. “Or as many of you as we can provide sails for by then.  We should probably reserve at least half the spots for wedding guests, though.”
Haddad smiled and called out to his men.  As soon as all the men at work on the barge were gathered around, Haddad spoke to them in the Taz language.
Avor and Elka stood off to the side, and Avor translated Haddad’s words to Elka.
‘We will start work transforming the shore boats into sail boats immediately.  We are to have a boat race here tomorrow afternoon.  The first seven boats will be set aside for wedding guests and members of the royal families.  Any additional boats will be manned by Taz sailors chosen by lot.  I expect all of you to make your best effort to win the race.”
A great cheer went up and Avor wondered if he was mistaken in believing the Taz men were unfamiliar with small boat racing.
“Perhaps we had best get to work on a sail,” Avor said to Elka.  “Did you have a particular design in mind?”
Elka nodded.  “I would like to try out a rectangular shape as well as a triangular shape to see which works best with these boats.  Is there sail cloth available?”
“Yes, we have everything we need—poles for the masts, line for the rigging and heavy cloth for the sails.  Let us go ashore and I will show you our workshop,” Avor said.
Haddad’s men were already scurrying down the sides of the barge on ropes—too excited to wait their turn at the rope ladder.  They were singing as they rowed ashore on boats that would soon be transformed into racing sail boats.
“The men seem very excited at the prospect of a competition,” Elka observed.
“Yes, they do.”  Avor worried that his plan to see Elka in the winning boat might not work out exactly as he had hoped.  Perhaps it would be a Taz sailor going first over the finish line.

Chapter 45

Kingdom of Henge

Take peeked out from behind the curtain at the new theatre.  He sucked in his breath and quickly dropped the curtain back in place.
“Are the gypsies here?” Juanita asked.
“I think so,” Take said.
“Let me look,” Juanita said.
Take put his hand up to stop her.  “It is a very large crowd.  The theatre is full and people are standing all around the edges.  The back doors are open and more people are crowded around the open doors standing outside.  I believe the gypsies are out there.  I saw some colorful outfits that do not appear to be clothing soldiers would wear.”
The actors all looked at one another, jaws gaping open on hearing the size of their audience.
“I suppose Prince Blackwell invited all the soldiers to reward them for going into battle at Helsop,” Take continued.  “They’ve never likely seen a show before.  They will be impressed with whatever we do.”  Take hoped his speech would calm the nerves of his acting troupe.
“Gypsy fairy dancers,” Take said in a formal voice, calling Juanita and Esmeralda by their character names.  “Do you want to dance to fairy music or gypsy music?” He knew they feared trouble if their dancing was considered too provocative by Prince Blackwell.
Juanita and Esmeralda had been wavering about whether or not they even cared what Prince Blackwell thought of their dancing.  Take had invited them to join the actors when they left for Fernland.  Juanita took Esmeralda’s hand and nodded once.  Esmeralda returned the nod and squeezed her friend’s hand.  “Gypsy music,” they said in unison.
“Does that mean you plan to leave with us tonight for Fernland?” Take asked.
“Yes, we will go with you to Fernland,” Juanita said.
Take turned to Shalin.  He knelt down to look the little girl in the eyes.  “Do you still want to sit atop a toadstool and play your flute?” he asked.
Shalin nodded.  Evidently the idea of a large audience did not intimidate her.
“Any questions before we take our places?” Take asked.
The actors looked nervous, perhaps too nervous to speak.
Take gave them a reassuring smile.  “They are going to love you,” he said.  “Actors take your places.  Smiles, ready with the curtains.”
Take, Shalin and the other elves took their places atop giant toadstools in a beautiful fairy garden filled with ferns and blooming roses.  They began to play their flutes and fiddles.  The music drifted out over the audience to loud cheers.
Little chairs and a pulpit were set about in the fairy garden—a setting for a fairy wedding. Dancing fairies in their wedding finery flitted about the garden.  Juanita and Esmeralda appeared in flower dresses of pink and green and the music changed to the minor keys of gypsy tunes.  The two girls moved sinuously with their hands held high and their fingers snapping.  The audience went quiet and then burst into loud applause.  Faint laughter could be heard from far in the back—the gypsy section.  A small bear and an unlikely octopus joined the wedding party.  They were dressed in rich cloaks and tunics which brought more laughter and cheers.
The two fairies who would be wed stood at the pulpit with joined hands.  Before they could take their vows, a giant troll stomped through the garden, scattering guests and picking up a small puppet fairy child along the way.  The elves and fairies ran for their lives, then returned to find the fairy child missing.  They looked everywhere—under toadstools, behind bushes, inside large flowers.  While all the fairies searched for the missing child, Shalin played a mournful tune on her flute.
The audience was spellbound, listening to such heartfelt music coming from such a tiny girl.  The music stopped and two latecomer fairy guests flew into the garden.  They sang out warnings about a giant troll and pointed in the direction he had gone.  All the wedding guests gave chase and disappeared behind the curtain at the side of the stage.
The troll reappeared from the opposite side of the stage, carrying his fairy puppet child.  He looked back, thinking he had made a clean get-away and decided to take a nap.  While he slept the fairies and elves crept up on him and plucked the fairy puppet from his arm.  Then they tied the troll head to feet in vines.
The last scene was a celebration of the fairy wedding and the returned puppet child.  The puppet child seemed to come to life on stage.  The black strings that moved the puppet’s arms and legs were invisible against the black background curtain.  The puppet child danced with the fairies.  The elves hopped from toadstool to toadstool, higher and higher until most of the cast was airborne, hopping through the air or floating on gossamer fairy wings.
After the music died and the actors took their final bows, Prince Blackwell and Serafina came forward to retrieve Shalin.
Prince Blackwell was overcome with pride.  “I would never have believed it possible for one so young to learn so quickly.”  He picked up Shalin and hugged her.  “My little flautist.”
Serafina held Esme while she leaned forward to kiss Shalin.  “You played beautifully,” she said.
Old king Blackwell pushed into the circle of actors and pounded Take on the back, forgetting about his injured shoulder.  “Well done, Son, well done.”  He turned to Shalin, laughing.  “And look at this newest addition to our acting family.  Did your Uncle Take teach you how to play like that?”
Shalin nodded.
Take shook his head.  “She learned all on her own, once I showed her how it worked.  She even made up her own melody.”
The old king puffed up his chest.  “What an excellent inauguration of our theatre.  I am already looking forward to your next show.”
“We have another commitment that will take us away for a time,” Take said, leaving exact times as vague as possible.
“But you live here now.  Your theatre is here.  Let the others that want to see you come here,” Old Blackwell ordered.
“Unfortunately our commitment is in Fernland,” Take said, trying for a sad expression.
“What’s so important in Fernland?” his father asked.
“A royal wedding,” Take said.
“Hummp,” the old king commented.
Serafina spoke up.  “I am glad you intend to honor that commitment.  Electra asked me to remind you of it.”
“Electra is getting married?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“Yes,” Serafina said.  “In fact, the girls and I plan to attend.”
“Impossible,” Prince Blackwell said.  “I would not trust Geoffrey with my family’s safety even at his own daughter’s wedding.  Besides, we have not been invited to my knowledge.”
“Electra invited us.  It is her wedding and she is my daughter as well.”
Prince Blackwell opened his mouth to object to Electra being Serafina’s daughter but thought better of it.  “Electra cannot be expected to protect you from her father,” he said instead.
“Most of Helsop is going with her to Fernland,” Serafina said.  “She will not be alone.”
“You would not wish to go if it ended in a battle because you were in attendance, would you?” Blackwell asked.
“I will not go unless King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia themselves issue me a personal invitation,” Serafina said.
Prince Blackwell raised his eyebrows. “Is that a promise?”
“You have my word,” Serafina said. 

Late that night, Take and his actors quietly packed their cart with costumes, props, musical instruments and enough food for their journey back to Fernland.  They did not tell anyone at the castle they were going, but left a nice thank you note to be delivered to old king Blackwell the next morning.
Tom and Bear took either side of the bar affixed to the cart’s yoke, Take and Juanita walked ahead with lanterns and the acting troupe started up the road that led to Fernland.

Chapter 46

Kingdom of Henge

Old king Blackwell sat at the downstairs dining table reading Take’s note for the fifth time.  He looked up at his son, Prince Blackwell.
“He doesn’t say when he will be back.  When is this wedding taking place?  Do you know?”
“I do not know,” Prince Blackwell said.  “Soon I imagine.  Serafina will know.  She seems to have committed to be there as well.”
Old king Blackwell stamped his wooden leg on the floor.  “What do they need with actors at a wedding, I’d like to know.  You say your vows and that’s it.  You’re married.”
Prince Blackwell shrugged and wondered what was keeping his breakfast.  “I think I will check in the kitchen and see what is causing the delay.”  He was about to stand up when Cook came through the door with two plates in her hands.
“Sorry for the hold up,” Cook said.  “I’m short of kitchen help this morning.”
“Why is that?” Prince Blackwell asked.
Cook put the plates down with an angry thump.  “I had to send one of my girls up to take care of the twins.  Their nurse didn’t show up this morning.”
“She should be replaced,” Prince Blackwell said.  “Wait, are you speaking of the gypsy girl?  What is her name?”
“Her name is Esmeralda and I’ll likely have to replace her.  Word is, she left with the actors in the middle of the night.  This is the second time she’s left with no warning.”
“She seemed quite fond of Shalin,” Prince Blackwell said.  “She was the one who asked that Shalin be given a flute.”
“Well, she’s been bit by the acting bug, I guess,” Cook said.
“She did dance in their last performance.  She seemed quite talented,” Blackwell said.
“I’m not surprised, Yer Highness,” Cook said.  “She always was one fer singing and dancing around the kitchen.”

Serafina came down the stairs, followed by Esme and Shalin.  The two wolf pups trailed behind Esme.
“Good morning My Love,” Prince Blackwell said, smiling.  “It is so good to have all my family back together again.”
The old king scowled.  “It’s not all together.  Your brother is not here.”
Serafina’s eyebrows rose.  “Take is gone?”
“The lot of them left in the night like thieves,” the old king groused.
No one alluded to Take’s full moniker being ‘Take the Thief’.
“He did say he had committed to entertaining at Electra’s wedding,” Serafina reminded him.
“How long does a wedding take?  Five minutes?  He left a note thanking me for everything under the sun: theatre, housing, meals, money—but he didn’t say one word about coming back.  What does that mean?”
Serafina shrugged.  “I do not know, but I can ask him if you like.  I and the girls will be at the wedding as well.”
“Would you?”  The old king sent an imploring look at his daughter-in-law.  “Tell him we need him here.  We are his family.”
“I will certainly do that,” Serafina promised.  She hesitated for a moment, then added, “We will likely leave tomorrow for the wedding.”
“What?” Prince Blackwell coughed and took a drink of tea to clear his throat.  “You’ve only just returned.  You cannot leave again so soon.  When is this wedding?”
“The wedding is in four days.  The Pride of Manoa is due into port tomorrow with our shipment of white powder.  I intend to book passage on it for its return trip south.  That would be the easiest mode of travel for the twins.”
“How long would you be gone?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“Only a few days.  There are many ships stopping now at King’s Lake.  We will be able to book passage back on any one of them going on to Henge,” Serafina said. “I will send word from the ship to my sister that we are aboard the Pride of Manoa.  If she does not send word asking us to attend the wedding, I will transfer to another ship coming north.”
Prince Blackwell frowned, but nodded.  He had never known Serafina to break a promise.

The next morning Serafina was awake early, seated at the window of the new nursery. The window overlooked the port of Henge.  So far two ships had arrived—neither one the Pride of Manoa. She saw a familiar red sail turning toward land.  She leaned closer to the window.  Within a few minutes she was sure. 
“Esme, Shalin, come with me.  We are going for a walk to see the boats.”
The two little girls looked up from their game of stacking wooden blocks.  A walk to the boats was one of their favorite outings.
“Woofies come?” Esme asked.
“Yes, you may bring the wolves,” Serafina replied.

They reached the pier just as the Spirit of Manoa was tying up at the dock.
Serafina waved to the Captain.  She had met him several times and he knew the bags of fertilizer in the ship’s hold were destined to be delivered to her at the castle.  He came down the gangplank to see what had brought her to his ship.
“Good morning Captain,” she said.
“Good morning, Your Majesty.  So good of you to welcome us to Henge.  And I see you have brought the twins out as well.”  He fished around in his pocket and came out with a cookie for each of them.  “What brings you out this morning?”  He knew she generally just sent a soldier to pick up her shipment.
“I want you to leave half my shipment of fertilizer on board this time.  The girls and I will be booking passage to sail back with you as far as King’s Lake and I have promised the other half to a friend in Fernland.”
The Captain stood quiet for a moment.  It was well known that Fernland and Henge were in a perpetual state of hostility.  “You plan to disembark in Fernland?” he clarified.
“Yes, I am required to represent Henge at a royal wedding.”
The Captain nodded.  He would never understand the ways of royalty.  Monarchs could be at war one day and attending one another’s weddings the next.  “Yes, we dropped off our own King Shabas there just yesterday.  He was, of course, invited to the wedding.”
“Of course,” Serafina said.
“I will send our purser down to book your passage,” the Captain said.  “Shall I have half of the fertilizer sent up now as well?”
“No, you may send it along with the soldier as usual.”
“Very good, Your Majesty.”
“What time do you sail?” Serafina asked.
“We sail at noon.”
“We will see you then,” Serafina said.  She took the bit of cookie Esme held out for one of the wolf pups and put it in her pocket.  “Cookies are not good for wolf pups,” she told Esme.
The purser came running down the gangplank.  He stilled his breathing and made a little bow.  “The Captain says you will be sailing with us this day, Your Majesty?”
Serafina dropped a gold coin into his hand.  “The three of us and the wolf pups and a black cat as well.”
“Very good, Your Majesty.”
Serafina smiled a little at the thought of his surprise when he saw the size of the black cat she intended to bring along.
“Come, children.  We must pack clothes suitable for a wedding—a royal wedding.”

Chapter 47

Village of Helsop 

Electra and Dagon sat together in the chart room of the clinic, sharing a plate of food that Dagon had brought from the militia’s mess tent.  It had long been their habit to meet here in the evening and talk over the events of the day while they ate their supper.
“Where would you like to live once we are married?” Dagon asked.
Electra looked up, surprised by the question.  “Here in Helsop, of course.  Why would you ask?”
Dagon smiled.  “I assumed you would want to live in Helsop.  I mean where in Helsop?  Do you want to move into the castle keep or into my cottage?  I suppose we could both live at the school of medicine, but I would prefer not to be the only man among so many women.”
Electra realized she had not thought about it.  She knew he was building the castle for Helsop’s defense and the keep was to be their living quarters, but the idea of the two of them in that big castle was not appealing.  The dining hall and kitchen were on the main floor—both large rooms to accommodate all of Helsop if enemies threatened.  It was the sort of place that required servants.  She had never lived with servants other than when she visited her parents in Fernland and the thought of ordering people about made her uncomfortable.  She looked at Dagon, wondering if he had a preference.
“The castle seems so big for just the two of us,” she said.
“It does, doesn’t it,” Dagon agreed.
“Your cottage then?”
Dagon shrugged.  “It is very small and has no kitchen.”
Electra smiled.  “Would it be so bad to be the only man at the school of medicine?”
Dagon thought for a moment.  “I think it might.”
“I suppose we could try out all the possibilities.  Perhaps we could start with your house.  We could still bring our meals from the mess tent and eat together here in the chart room.  I am in no great hurry to begin cooking,” Electra said.
Dagon laughed.  “It is only since you came to Helsop that there has been anything to cook.”
Electra laughed with him.  “We have come a long way together here in Helsop.”
“Believe me, we know how much we owe you,” Dagon said.  “That brings me to another awkward subject.”
“And what might that be?” Electra stabbed a slice of turnip with her fork.
“Most of Helsop intends to accompany us to Fernland for the wedding.”
Electra’s fork froze in midair.  “Over a thousand?”
Dagon nodded.
“But there will not be room enough.  My parents are not expecting so many.”
“I know.  I could order them to stay here, but they are all so excited to attend.  Perhaps we could have them draw lots,” Dagon suggested.
Electra stared off into space.  Why had she given so little thought to this wedding?  She had been happy to let her mother do all the planning and now she realized she should have foreseen all of these possibilities.  What was wrong with her?  No one ignores her own wedding, surely.
“I do not want to disappoint anyone.  Perhaps we could move the wedding from the castle grounds to the shore of King’s Lake.  Remember the wedding last year?  Peaches and Bear?  That was a lovely ceremony.  The Caliph officiated.”
“I do not know what your parents have planned, but that sounds good to me,” Dagon said.
“I am an ungrateful child.  I have no idea myself what they have planned.  It is no wonder my mother is sending frantic messages.  We must leave at dawn tomorrow.  Let whoever wants to make the trip be ready at daybreak.  We will have at least a day to try and make amends,” Electra said.

The next morning at dawn, Electra peered out the door of the school of medicine and saw a vast crowd of people assembling.  Her students were all determined to go.  A midwife from the Hammer Haven group had reluctantly volunteered to stay behind for the few couples who were expecting a baby and close enough to their due date to forego the long trip to Fernland. 
She sucked in her breath and checked the bundles she had gathered for the trip.  She had a dress she thought lovely enough for the ceremony, though she had no doubt her mother might prefer something more regal.  She had medicinal herbs and medical paraphernalia enough to treat anyone who fell ill along the way. She had a fish net that she had begun making on her trip back from rescuing Esme.  She meant to give that to Dagon as a wedding present.  She pulled her bundles together, looked back once at the dining area of her school and went through the door to join the crowd.
Dagon rode up on his horse, leading a dun-colored mare behind.  He dismounted when he saw Electra and helped her secure her bundles to the saddle horn, then gave her a boost up to mount her horse.
They made their way slowly through the crowd of cheering people until they joined the mounted militia at the front of the assemblage.  A trumpeter blew a few notes and the village of Helsop moved forward.
They had reached the edge of Helsop’s plateau when the entire village came to a halt.  There in front of them, Take and his acting troupe struggled to ease a heavy cart down the steep trail to the valley below without losing control.
“Take the Thief, is that you?” Dagon called out.
Take wiped his forehead without letting go his side of the unwieldy cart.
“It is.  I imagine we are all going to the same place.”  He leaned to the side to get a better view of the crowd behind Dagon.  “I see we will be entertaining all of Helsop.  Luckily we have enlarged our acting troupe of late.”
Dagon turned in his saddle.  “Sergeant Poole,” he shouted to one of his militia.  “Get some men down to help with the cart.  Do we have a horse we could hitch behind?”
Sergeant Poole gathered some men together, turned the cart and hitched a sure-footed horse behind to keep the cart from escaping as it rolled down the steep incline.
“Many thanks,” Take shouted.  “We will see you tonight in camp.”  He waved as the cart started down to Fernland’s valley.  As soon as the road was clear, the Helsop villagers surged forward.
Electra leaned over in her saddle to speak to Dagon.  “My mother will at least be relieved to see she will have entertainers for the wedding.  Let us be sure to keep Take at the front so the acting troupe will be first to be sighted from Fernland’s watchtowers.”

Chapter 48

King’s Lake in Fernland

Prince Avor returned to his shore boat in dry clothes.  He had five large rocks tied with long lengths of line to five blocks of wood painted a bright yellow.  These yellow buoys would serve to mark out the race course for the sailboat competition.  One yellow block of wood already floated on the lake’s surface.
Avor had foolishly dropped that first stone in the lake from a standing position in the small boat and quickly followed it into the lake with a large splash.  He had not counted on the rocking motion the displaced weight of the rock would cause.
Back to try again after being rescued from the water, he tried a different strategy.  This time he knelt, carefully braced on all sides as he let his rock roll gently over the side.
“Yes,” he shouted aloud as the rock hit bottom and the wooden buoy floated gracefully to the surface of the lake.
The race course took up a good portion of King’s Lake.  Boat race participants would have to round all six of the yellow wooden markers before crossing the finish line.  They would have to maneuver through head winds and tail winds as they sailed their small crafts around the oval race course.
Avor had considered entering the race himself but decided to give up his spot to Haddad’s son, Javed, who had not been lucky enough to win a spot when lots were drawn.  Avor knew he, himself, had no chance of winning—he had never sailed a small boat until a few hours ago.  Besides, the whole idea was to give Elka a chance to shine as a racer.

He dropped in his sixth and final rock and was rowing to shore when he saw a cloud of dust rising along King’s Road.  He slowed his oars to get a better look.
The horses seemed strange, somehow.  Then it dawned on him.  They were Barburee horses—short legged with long manes.  His first reaction was joy—it must be his friend Bataar and his men, come for a visit.  His second reaction was one of alarm.  Bataar had not been invited to the wedding.  Would this mean trouble for his family?  For Fernland?
Prince Avor put his oars in the water and rowed hard to reach shore before Bataar arrived at the lake.  Perhaps the Caliph or Physician Rabar had told Bataar of the wedding; they may have assumed he was also an invited guest.  Perhaps the timing was a coincidence and Bataar was here on a surprise visit.  Perhaps the Great Khan had sent his son with a message or a warning.  Anything was possible.

Prince Avor pulled his little boat ashore and waved as the line of Barburee men raced down the shoreline toward him.  Bataar jerked to a halt and jumped down from his horse in a graceful, cat-like drop.  He grabbed Prince Avor by the shoulders, and for the first time, was forced to look up into his face.
“You got big, yes?” he said, laughing at his friend who was now a head taller than Bataar.
“Bataar—good to see you old man,” Avor joked.  Bataar was perhaps four years older than himself.  “You’ve come for the wedding?”
“What wedding?” Bataar asked.  Then he smiled slyly.  “Yes.  Come see friend sister wedding.”
“I am glad.  Electra will be happy, too.  Did your wife come?”
“No.  Stay home.  Make son.”
Prince Avor slapped his friend on the shoulder.  “You are going to have a child?  That is great news.  Congratulations.”
Bataar looked out at the lake.  “You are catch fish?” he asked, curious.
“No, I am laying out the course for a sailboat race this afternoon.  Would you like to race one of the little boats?” Avor pointed to the small shore boats lined up with their newly installed masts, each one labeled with a large green number on both sides of the craft.
“Barburee ride horse,” Bataar said.
Avor knew the Barburians considered any mode of transportation other than horseback untenable, but thought he should offer for courtesy’s sake.
“Good, we can watch the races together.  I will not be racing, either.”
Bataar laughed and poked Avor in the chest.  “You Barburee now, yes?  Only ride horse?”
“Mayhap,” Avor admitted.  “We will get in some buzkashi practice now that you are here.  Have you been up to the castle yet?”
“No, come here, see friend first thing.”
“Come with me then, and I will get you and your men something to eat.  In a few hours people will be arriving to see the races.  Everyone from the castle will be coming down here.”
As they walked down to the makeshift tent that served midday meals to the Taz workmen, Avor hoped the Taz men would not show any open hostility to Bataar and his men.  Although Bataar did not know that these were the men his father, the Great Khan, had displaced when he conquered Taz City, the Taz workmen were very aware of the distinctive clothes and horses of Barburee.
Normally at this time in the morning there would be several women cooking for the noon meal.  Children would be playing in and around the tent.  Working men would be in and out for tea breaks.  Evidently Haddad had seen the Barburee men arrive, for when they reached the tent, only one old woman was present to serve them a cold lunch of bread and cheese.  Haddad had likely told the rest to stay away to avoid any possible confrontations with the Barburee men.

By midday, spectators and race participants began to arrive and find spots on the hillside to spread their blankets and open their picnic lunches.  Princess Elka rode down with her father, mother and Avor’s parents in the royal carriage.  Avor and Bataar were there when the carriage pulled to a stop and Avor raised his hand to help Elka down.
When everyone was out of the carriage Avor introduced his friend.  “King Gundar, Queen Hilde, Princess Elka, this is my friend Bataar.”
Avor wondered if Elka would remember his mentioning Bataar as the son of the Great Khan.  He could see from the shock on her face that she did remember.  He gave a tiny shake of his head, hoping she would not reveal what she knew in her father’s presence.  She must have noticed because she stayed quiet, nodding with her eyes cast down.
King Gundar gave a brief nod and looked out at the lake.  “A fair breeze.  Should be a good day for a race,” he commented.
“Will Prince Oswald be competing?” Avor asked.
“Yes, he is riding down with King Shabas’s sons,” Gundar said.
Queen Delphinia tried to hide her blushing face behind a fan.  She had not invited Bataar to the wedding on King Geoffrey’s orders and did not know how to excuse the fact now he was here facing her.
“We are so honored by your visit,” she said, smiling at Bataar.
King Gundar looked at Bataar with renewed interest, wondering why Fernland’s monarchs would be honored by his presence.
Avor intervened by speaking to Princess Elka.  “I had best show you to your racing craft,” Avor said before King Gundar could ask more about Bataar.
“Yes, thank you,” Princess Elka said, following Avor and Bataar to the line of little sailboats.
“We will be watching from the barge,” Queen Delphinia called out as the three, led by Avor, made a hasty departure.

Prince Avor showed Princess Elka how the mast fit snugly into the center board and the sail could be maneuvered by lines attached to both sides.  The Taz men who had drawn the winning lots began to saunter down the beach to claim their crafts.  Prince Oswald and King Shabas’s two sons arrived and laughed when they saw the shore boats disguised as racing boats, but decided it would be fun to participate anyway.

Avor and Bataar stood on shore as the participants shoved their boats into the water and set their sails.  All the royal visitors sat on board the barge with cups of ale in hand and front row views of the race course.  A trumpeter sounded the notes to start the race and the little boats swung into action.
The competitors soon dropped their relaxed poses and focused on winning the race.  The men from Taz had the best start, but the royal visitors were soon neck and neck—no doubt surprised to see that they were not to have an easy win.  As they rounded the first marker, Prince Oswald and Haddad’s son fought to be first to emerge.  A quick jibe put Javed from Taz in the lead.  Princess Elka was fifth around the first marker, staying close to the yellow block of wood.
Bataar noticed that Prince Avor’s eyes stayed glued to boat number five—the craft assigned to Princess Elka.  “She is your woman?” Bataar asked Avor, lifting his chin in Princess Elka’s direction.
Prince Avor could not hide his blush.  “I hardly know her.  But I do like her,” he admitted.
“You must tell father,” Bataar advised.
Avor was not sure if Bataar was referring to King Geoffrey or King Gundar, nor did he want to know.  He decided to try to divert Bataar’s attention and began to cheer as Elka moved up to fourth place.
Elka was able to nudge the third place boat just enough to slip past on the inside at the fourth marker.  The last leg of the race would be a downwind sprint.
Elka had saved her secret strategy for this last sprint.  She leaned out from the boat, tipping it to such an extent that one side came out of the water.  She stayed half out of the water on one rim of the flat-bottomed boat as the wind caught the sail fully and sped past the first two boats.
Her brother, now in second place, caught on to his sister’s strategy and tried the same maneuver, but it was too late.  Princess Elka passed the finish line in first place to the loud cheers of the watching crowd.
“Good woman for you,” Bataar said to his beaming friend.

Chapter 49

Castle at Fernland

Queen Delphinia sat up in bed, too worried to sleep.  She tried not to awaken King Geoffrey, sleeping restlessly beside her.  When he suddenly jerked awake, she was happy to have someone to talk to.
“Did you have a bad dream?” she asked softly.
King Geoffrey nodded and looked toward the window.
“It must be close to dawn,” he noted.
Delphinia realized her husband did not want to talk about his dream, whatever it was.
“I think so,” she said.  “I cannot sleep anyway—I have too much to do today.”
“What have you to do?” he asked, yawning.
Delphinia looked at Geoffrey in disbelief.  How could he not realize how much there was to do.  They had three royal families staying at the castle.  They had the Caliph and Physician Rabar arriving any moment.  They had the son of the Great Khan showing up uninvited and unexpected.  Their daughter’s wedding was tomorrow and they had no entertainment as yet.  And worst of all—they had no bride and no groom.
She struggled for a civil reply.  “The wedding is tomorrow,” she finally managed.
“Ha.  If the bride deigns to show up,” King Geoffrey said with a trace of sarcasm.
Delphinia’s hand flew to her heart.  “Do not even suggest that they are not on their way.  My heart could not stand it.”
Geoffrey looked at his wife.  His expression showed some concern.  “I will check my outpost reports.  They may have some news.”  He swung his feet around and stood up to stretch.  “I will meet you in the dining room in a few minutes.”
“We have too many for the family dining room.  I will be downstairs at the formal dining room,” Delphinia said.

Delphinia, dressed in a gold and red brocaded gown, sat at the dining table going over the menu with Chef Cristo.  King Geoffrey burst into the room, then slowed down abruptly.  Delphinia could tell he had news, but was reluctant to relay that news.  Chef Cristo quickly excused himself and made for the kitchen.
“What are the reports from the watchtowers?” she asked, tensing for bad news.
“They have been sighted.  They will be here soon,” he said in a calm voice.
“They?  Who are they?” Delphinia asked.
“Take and his acting troupe,” Geoffrey said, then paused.
“But this is wonderful news,” Delphinia said, clasping her hands together.
“There is more to tell,” Geoffrey said.
“Go on, what more?”
“Electra and Dagon are with them.”
Delphinia ran to hug Geoffrey.  “Then we are saved.”  She was almost skipping across the floor.  She hugged Geoffrey tightly.
He moved her an arm’s length away, still holding on to her shoulders.  “There is still more to tell,” he said.
“What more?  And why the long face?  This is good news.”  Delphinia’s smile lit up the grey of early morning.
“There are many more accompanying them,” Geoffrey said.
Delphinia took a step back.  “How many more?”
“It appears between two and three thousand more.”  Geoffrey moved forward to clasp his wife’s shoulders.  She swayed in his hands.
Delphinia felt herself close to fainting as the room swam in circles around her.  Gradually the spinning stopped and she saw Geoffrey’s worried eyes.
“Thousands,” she repeated in a flat voice.
“So it seems,” Geoffrey said, tightening his hold on her shoulders.
Delphinia freed herself from his grasp and walked carefully back to take a seat at the dining table.  A sound rather like a laugh or perhaps a sob came bubbling up in her throat.  Geoffrey sat down beside her.
“I suppose we will have to move the wedding from the castle courtyard to the theatre at King’s Lake,” Delphinia said.
“What a good idea,” King Geoffrey said with exaggerated enthusiasm.
Delphinia gave her husband a wry glance.  “Quit supposing I am about to become hysterical and must be treated as a child.”
“I never supposed any such thing,” Geoffrey objected.
The door to the dining room opened and the Caliph and his son, Physician Rabar, walked in.
“Your Majesties,” the Caliph began.  “How I have missed seeing you both and enjoying your incomparable hospitality these many days we have been apart.”
Delphinia’s face crumpled and tears ran down her cheeks.  “I have missed you both so much, too,” she said, rising to hug them both.
The Caliph was taken aback by Delphinia’s emotional greeting but quickly regained his poise.  “Now I see we have stayed away too long.  My heart breaks for being so remiss.”
Physician Rabar stood by silently, studying the queen with professional curiosity.
Delphinia sniffed and wiped her eyes.  “Do not mind me, it is not every day one’s daughter is married.  Please sit down and tell us how you have fared in Taz.  Did you see how beautiful the barge has become?”
The Caliph chose to answer the second question first.  “We did see the barge last night when we anchored.  I hope we will have a chance to go aboard while we are here.”
“Most assuredly,” Delphinia said.
“As to our homecoming in Taz,” the Caliph continued, “It has been interesting.  We have taken up residence in our previous dwellings so in some respects, it is as though we never left.  Our fountains and gardens have been restored to their previous beauty.  We are fortunate in that.  There is the problem of the surrounding Barburee presence, of course.  Our people work for the Great Khan now.  He has little knowledge of boats and seems ill-prepared to manage such a fleet as he has ordered.  Our greatest hope is that some unexpected event might send him running back to the steppes from whence he came.”
Delphinia nodded.  “We understand,” she said, squeezing her husband’s hand to assure him she was recovered.  “Did you know that Bataar and his men have come overland to attend the wedding?”
The Caliph bowed his head.  “I was afraid he might.  We had to tell him where we were going since we are no longer free to come and go as we please.  I hope that admission has not caused too many problems for you.”
A messenger stepped into the dining room and urgently gestured to King Geoffrey.  Geoffrey stood up and patted his wife’s shoulder as he took the message and read it, his face blanching at the written words.
“What is it?” Delphinia asked, certain there could be nothing that could faze her now.
Geoffrey looked up slowly.  “It is a message from Serafina.  She is here at King’s Lake with her twins and wishes to be invited to Electra’s wedding.”
“What!”  Delphinia shouted, rising from her chair.
“Please,” Geoffrey said, helping his wife back into her chair.  “I believe we must consider this request in a calm and politic fashion.”
“And I believe you are mistaken.  There is no way my sister will be invited to Electra’s wedding.”

Chapter 50

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey handed the message from Serafina to his wife.  She took it with her fingertips and laid it on the table, unwilling to even hold it in her hands as she read the words written in black ink.

King Geoffrey,

Electra has expressed a wish to have the twins and me at her wedding.  We are aboard the Pride of Manoa awaiting your formal invitation.
I have with me a large quantity of the exploding white powder used in the making of our newest weapon.  As we now have an excess in Henge, I would be willing to sell this to you if you so desire.

Princess Serafina of Henge

Delphinia looked up and waited until Geoffrey’s eyes met hers.  “You are considering this request?”
Geoffrey shrugged.  “I will leave the decision with you, my love, though we do have great need of the…” he paused and glanced at the Caliph, “of what she is willing to sell.”
Delphinia sighed.  “I expect she is telling the truth when she says Electra wants her to be at the wedding.”
“I expect so,” Geoffrey agreed.
Delphinia drummed her fingers on the table.  “Would you take the opportunity to arrest her while she is here?”
“I could hardly do that if I agree to do business with her.”
Delphinia pressed her lips together, considering.  She looked around at the Caliph, Physician Rabar and her husband in turn.  They all looked back intently, but silently.  Finally, she settled her gaze on Geoffrey.
“You will make my excuses to our other guests.  I will go to King’s Lake and speak to my sister on the Pride of Manoa.  I will make my decision after that.”
“You think that wise?  Will you at least take a palace guard along?” Geoffrey asked.
“No, I will go alone.  I will take the royal carriage and leave at once.”
Geoffrey seemed ill at ease, but offered no further argument as Delphinia rose from her chair, leaving the message on the table for Geoffrey to dispose of as he saw fit.

Delphinia sent a page to summon the royal carriage and stopped at the kitchen to tell Chef Cristo to begin serving breakfast in the royal dining room.  She climbed the stairs to retrieve a cloak and checked out the window to make sure the carriage had been brought round to the front.  She slowed as she passed Electra’s room and placed her hand against the door before going back downstairs.

During the carriage ride Delphinia thought about what she might say to the sister she had not seen in eighteen years.  The sister who had kidnapped her daughter and raised her pretending to be her mother; the sister who had been betrothed to King Geoffrey before he fell in love with Delphinia and broke off the engagement.
She stepped out of the carriage at King’s Lake and saw The Pride of Manoa anchored just off shore.
Prince Avor came running down the beach when he saw the royal carriage turn off towards the lake.  He was short of breath by the time he reached his mother.
“Mother, what brings you to the lake so early this morning?” he asked.
“I have to speak to someone aboard the Pride of Manoa.”  They both looked out to the lake where the huge ship sat anchored, bobbing up and down as small waves brushed by.  “Would you be so kind as to row me out there?”
“Of course.”  He directed a last glance into the empty carriage.  “You came alone?”
“Yes.”  She stared at the big yellow ship as she climbed into the shore boat.  She slipped her fingers into the hole in the center board where the mast had been removed and used it as a hand hold.  This had been one of the shore boats her son had converted into a racing boat.  Her face softened at the memory.  “I enjoyed the races yesterday,” she said.  “Princess Elka is quite a remarkable sailor.”
Prince Avor only nodded, hoping he was not blushing at the mention of Elka’s name.  He rowed out and pulled in close to the rope ladder that hung off the side of the Pride of Manoa.  “Would you like me to come aboard with you?”
Delphinia shook her head.  “No, that will not be necessary.  I will not be long.  Perhaps you could wait here to row me back to shore?”
“Of course.”  Prince Avor waited, hoping his mother would explain what she was doing, going alone onto a foreign ship, but she was already holding the rope ladder with her foot on the bottom rung.  Avor grabbed the bottom of the free swinging ladder and held on tight as his mother climbed up to the ship’s railing.
Serafina, the twins, and two puppies waited on board beside the railing, out of sight from below. Serafina offered a hand to help Delphinia over the rail, but Delphinia ignored the hand and climbed over the rail by herself.
Serafina stepped back to make room.  “These are my daughters, Esme and Shalin,” Serafina said.  “Girls, this is your Aunt Delphinia.”
“We have met,” Delphinia said.  She managed a smile for her nieces.  She took a closer look at the puppies that huddled beside Esme.  “Are those wolf pups?” she asked.
“Yes.  They belong to Esme.  Let us go to my cabin,” Serafina suggested.  “We can talk there.”
Delphinia was reluctant to take any suggestion from Serafina, but finally nodded and followed her below decks to her cabin.  When Serafina opened the door, the large black panther Delphinia had seen at Helsop rose up and growled at her.
“Down, Ebony,” Serafina said.  The panther turned away and lay down in a corner next to a blanket that served as a bed for two little dolls.  The twins took up their dolls and sat down to play next to the big cat.
“Please, have a seat,” Serafina said, sitting on the lower bunk bed and offering the only chair to her sister.
Delphinia took her time situating the chair some distance from her sister, then got right to the point.  “Why did you do it?” she asked with ice in her voice.
Serafina made no attempt to misunderstand the question, which was, of course, why had she kidnapped Electra?
“I am sure you know why.”
“But even you must know how cruel a thing that was,” Delphinia said.
“Even me?”  Serafina emphasized the word ‘even’.
“Yes.”  Delphinia had no intention of being generous with her words.
Serafina sighed.  “I did not intend to keep Electra.  You of all people should understand what happened.”
“And why me of all people?” Delphinia asked, her eyes narrowed to slits.
“I fell in love with her, as I presume you fell in love with my fiancé.”
Delphinia’s anger subsided somewhat at this admission.  But she was not ready to give ground.  “Did you try to kill my son?”
“Of course not,” Serafina lied.  “Though I did try to scare him away.”
Delphinia believed her as she could not conceive of anyone evil enough to kill her own nephew.
“We are in your debt for bringing your army to Helsop’s defense.  I suppose you did that out of love,” Delphinia felt obliged to say.
Serafina shrugged.  “Electra is my niece.  I am sure you would have done the same.”
Delphinia did not want to stay longer in her sister’s presence.  She could never forgive her, but she also knew she was condemned to acquiesce to her sister’s demands if it would make her daughter and her husband happy.
“Very well, then.  We will expect you and your daughters to be present at the ceremonies.  As it happens we are moving the wedding to the theatre here at King’s Lake.  There will be entertainment tonight.  I believe you are acquainted with Take and his acting troupe.”
“I am,” Serafina said.
Delphinia waited a second to see if Serafina would mention Take’s relationship to old King Blackwell and was pleased when she did not.
“And the wedding will take place at the same venue tomorrow.”
“Thank you,” Serafina said.
Delphinia was a little taken aback by this sign of gratitude on her sister’s part, but kept her pose of dignified reproof.
“I will leave the discussion of the white powder to you and King Geoffrey,” Delphinia said.  She stood up and had to restrain herself from hugging her two little nieces.  She did smile at them and one of them smiled back.
Delphinia walked out of the cabin and was relieved when Serafina did not follow her.  She quickly retraced her steps to the rope ladder and only relaxed when she was back in the row boat with her son.
“Is everything all right?” Avor asked.
“No,” Delphinia said.  “I must warn you.  Serafina will be at your sister’s wedding and I am afraid for all our sakes that we must allow it.”
Avor was too stunned to speak.

Chapter 51

Kingdom of Fernland

Queen Delphinia gave Avor a hasty explanation of the reasons for inviting Serafina to Electra’s wedding before heading back to Fernland’s castle.  By the time she reached the castle it would be close to noon and she had not yet discussed the midday meal with Chef Cristo.  The problem of thousands from Helsop to be fed and housed was daunting to say the least.
As the royal carriage approached the turn off for Helsop’s castle, she heard her driver shout and slow the carriage horses.  She stuck her head out the carriage window and drew in a sharp breath.  Approaching the turn off to Fernland’s castle from the opposite direction was a sea of humanity.  Never had she seen so many people and horses bunched together in one crowd.
She knocked on the roof of the carriage—the signal to stop—and the driver drew in on the reins.  The driver hopped down from his bench and stood beside the carriage door.
“What are your orders, Your Majesty,” he asked.
“Would you approach the crowd and ask that Take the Thief, Princess Electra and Headman Dagon come forward to the carriage, please?”
The driver tipped his hat and started out in the direction of the people blocking the road.

The driver returned a few minutes later, riding double behind a Palace Guard.  Another Palace Guard rode up carrying Take the Thief on his horse, closely followed by Dagon and Electra, each on their own horses.  Delphinia opened her carriage door and stepped out as her visitors dismounted.
“Electra, My Dear,” she said, throwing open her arms in welcome.
Electra hurried to hug her mother.  “Mother, I am so sorry.  I had no idea so many in Helsop would want to come.”
“I am not at all surprised,” Delphinia lied.  “I am sure they all love you as we do.”
“They have come with food and blankets,” Electra said.  “They do not expect to be treated as guests.”
“But of course they are guests—though I am glad to hear they have bedding.  Do you think they would enjoy camping by the lake?”
“I think they would like that very much,” Electra said.  “It is warmer here in Fernland than in Helsop.  They should be quite comfortable.”
“Excellent.  They will be escorted to the lake by the Palace Guard.  I will arrange for carts of food to follow them.  You and Dagon, of course, will stay in the castle.  And Dear Take,” she said, looking at her chief entertainer, “I knew you would not forsake me in my time of need.”
Take made a theatrical bow.  “I am ever at your service, Your Majesty.”
“You will ride with me in the carriage to the castle and we will discuss our plan to entertain so many.”
Electra knew she had not apologized sufficiently for all the worry she had caused, but decided now was not the time, and mounted up while Dagon rode back to speak to Deimos.
Take asked the Palace Guard to tell his fellow actors he would meet them soon at the lake and climbed into the carriage with the Queen.  Dagon and Electra waited for the carriage to pass and followed it across the drawbridge to the castle.
“Now then, what have you planned for this evening?” Queen Delphinia asked Take.
“We thought we might put on a show that revolves around a fairy wedding with music and bits of magic thrown in,” Take said.
“A fairy wedding—how appropriate.  Yes, I believe all our guests would love that.”  She looked at Take almost sadly.  “Is it true—the rumors I have heard?”
“About old king Blackwell being my father?” Take asked.
“Yes.  Is he?”
“He says he is—although his wife was not my mother.”
“I see.”  She patted Take’s knee.  “I still want to count you as a son of Fernland if you would do us the honor.”
“I still see myself that way,” Take said.
“Good.  Then that is what you shall be.”  Delphinia smiled and Take smiled back.
When they reached the castle, Queen Delphinia noticed that Dagon was trailing behind, giving instructions to two men pulling a cart behind their horses.
“Is that your cart?” Delphinia asked Take.
“No,” he said, “I believe that is a cart full of armaments commissioned by someone here at the castle.”
Queen Delphinia clasped her hands together.  “King Gundar’s order!  He will be so relieved.”
No sooner did she utter the king’s name than the man himself came down the castle steps, eager to see who had arrived.
Dagon stepped forward and extended his arm in the direction of the cart.  “King Gundar—your weapons order.”
“About time,” King Gundar said.  “Let’s see what you’ve brought.”
Electra caught sight of Physician Rabar coming from the castle and rushed to greet him.  “Physician Rabar,” she called out.  “You have come.”  She took his hand in both her own.  “I hoped you would be here.  I have missed your counsel so much.”
“It is good to see you as well.”  Physician Rabar was not a demonstrative person, but Electra could see from his smiling eyes that he was happy to see his apprentice again.
“I have so many cases I wish to discuss with you,” she said.
“I will try to sit near you at lunch,” he said.  “I have some new herbal remedies that I think will interest you.”
King Geoffrey came down the steps and gave his daughter a quick hug before moving on to join the men now inspecting the contents of the weapons cart.
Electra turned to her mother.  “What may I do to help?”
“Come with me.  We must speak first to Chef Cristo.”
Electra groaned silently and followed her mother to the kitchen.

At lunch, Electra was introduced to King Gundar’s wife and daughter.  “Princess Elka won the sailing contest we held yesterday at King’s Lake,” Queen Delphinia added to her introduction.
“In truth!  Congratulations to you,” Electra said.  “I wish I had been there to see it.”
Princess Elka turned a gaze of admiration toward Electra.  “It was nothing compared to what you have achieved,” she said.
“Me?”  Electra wondered if Elka had her confused with someone else.  “I cannot recall any contest I might have won.”
“You are a physician,” Elka said with the same rapt expression.  
“Oh, that,” Electra said, smiling. “I have a school of medicine if you are interested in becoming a physician.”
“And a school as well,” Elka said.  “Would that I could follow my dreams as you have done.”
Electra could sense that there was more to this story than was fitting for polite lunch conversation.  “I should like to hear more about your dreams when we have time to converse at length,” she said.
Elka blushed, realizing she had said too much.  She nodded and left to find her seat.
Electra found Dagon and was surprised to see they had finally been seated side by side near the head of the table.
King Geoffrey took his seat.  The first course was placed before him and his guests in turn.  As the king took his first sip of soup his guests followed suit.  Lunch had officially begun.

Chapter 52

Fernland’s Castle

At lunch in the formal dining room, Electra sat next to her mother and wondered what she could say to excuse all her delays in coming to Fernland.  Just as she was about to broach the subject, her mother patted her hand.
“You will no doubt be pleased to know we have invited Serafina and her daughters to your wedding.”
Electra dropped her knife and quickly caught it, managing to cut her finger on the sharp blade.
Delphinia grabbed her handkerchief.  “My Dear, you have cut your finger.  Let me call our physician.”  She put her handkerchief over the cut to stop the bleeding.
“Mother, I am a physician.  It is a small cut.  If I apply pressure it will stop bleeding.”  Electra blushed when she looked up to see others watching her.
Electra leaned toward her mother and spoke very softly.  “Why have you invited Serafina to the wedding?  Do you plan to arrest her when she arrives?”
“No.  We would not be so underhanded.”  Delphinia appeared offended by Electra’s question.  “Serafina said you expressed a desire to have her at your wedding.  Is that not true?”
Electra pressed the handkerchief down on her finger.  Blood was seeping through and dropping into her soup.  “Yes, I did say it was a shame we would not be able to attend, but I never imagined you would actually invite her.  I know there is a warrant out for her arrest.”
“It is your wedding, My Dear, and if you wish her to be there, then she shall be.”  Delphinia took a sip of her soup.  “I think perhaps you will need a bigger bandage.”
“You may be right,” Electra said.  “Perhaps I will just find Physician Rabar and see if he has his medicine bag with him.”  Electra turned to Dagon.  “I will be right back.”
Dagon looked as though he wanted to come with her, but she left before he could think of a reason.
Electra found Rabar sitting far down the table.  “Do you happen to have your medicine bag with you?” she asked.  “I have a messy cut.”  She held out her finger.
“I left it just outside,” Rabar said.  “Come with me.”
In the reception area just outside the dining hall, Rabar picked up his medical bag and found a small bandage which he tied around her finger.
“You said you have developed some new herbal treatments since leaving for Taz?” Electra reminded him of their earlier discussion.
“Yes, I am continuing my research on a cure for the tumors.  I have had some success with a combination of saffron and turmeric.”
“I had an elderly man die recently from a tumor.”  She pointed to the side of her head to show where the tumor had appeared.
“Yes.  I might have helped him.  It is not always successful.”
“Perhaps if I come across another such patient, I might send him along to you when one of the boat builders here in Fernland makes a trip to Taz,” Electra said.
Physician Rabar raised his eyebrows.  “You do not know?”
Electra tilted her head.  “Know what?”
“The boat works at King’s Lake is idle. The barge is finished.  We plan to take all of our countrymen back with us to Taz.”
“No,” Electra said.  “I did not know.  I thought King Geoffrey had a change of heart.  In fact, he suggested that Helsop might need to commission a boat and he was right.  I mean to engage Haddad to build two small fishing boats for Helsop—small enough to be carted to Helsop, but large enough to hold a good catch of fish.”
“Have you told King Geoffrey?”
“Not yet.  I meant to ask his ministers today if Helsop has the right to fish the waters of Cold Lake.  We are sorely in need of a new source of food.”
“You do not need to consult the ministers.  You certainly have the right to fish there.  You live there.”
“Then we must act quickly.  Does Haddad wish to leave Fernland?”
“No.  He believes we should keep Fernland as a second home in case the situation in Taz turns hostile.  There is no telling what the Great Khan might do once his fleet of ships is completed.”
“I will speak to my father at once.  Does he know you are planning to take all the boat builders to Taz?”
Physician Rabar shrugged.  “We thought it best not to wait until he orders their exodus.  We are here now and we have the space to transport them.”
“I will speak to him at once.”  She turned to leave, then held out her finger.  “Thank you for the bandage.  I was making quite a mess of my lunch.”
Physician Rabar smiled, then flipped his fingers out in a gesture of dismissal.

Electra took her seat between Dagon and her mother.  Dagon looked very relieved to see her.  She had missed the second course and was presented with a plate of white fish in a sauce.  She turned to Delphinia.  “I must ask Chef Cristo for this recipe.  We in Helsop plan to begin fishing as soon as possible to supplement our food supply.  I intend to ask father’s permission to commission two small fishing boats from the boat works.”
Delphinia seemed interested.  She turned to her husband.  “Electra plans to ask Haddad to build two small fishing boats for Helsop.  I believe you suggested something of the sort not too long ago.”
King Geoffrey looked at Electra and Dagon with a curious expression.  “How do you expect to get them to Helsop?”
“They would have to be small enough to be transported on large carts,” Electra said.
“And how do you plan to pay for them?”  Geoffrey shifted his gaze to Dagon.
Dagon met his gaze.  “The castle is completed.  We have money from our sale of weapons and we have excess man power which can be directed to fishing.  With the boats we will not need to spend all our funds on food.”
King Geoffrey nodded.  “It is a good plan.  I will speak to Avor about it.”
“I heard a rumor that the boat workers plan to leave for Taz with the Caliph,” Electra said.
King Geoffrey jerked his head up.  “They will leave when I say it is time to leave.”
King Geoffrey returned his attention to his fish and Electra did the same.

Chapter 53

King’s Lake

Serafina, the twins and their pets jumped aboard a shore boat as the Pride of Manoa made ready to sail.  The ship was leaving with a cargo of lumber and wool bound for Land’s End.  Serafina rowed to a beach near Electra’s abandoned cottage and nosed the boat onto the sand.  She helped Esme and Shalin out of the boat.  Ebony and the wolf pups splashed out behind them.
They stopped at the cottage and dropped off their bags near the sacks of white powder Serafina had ordered brought ashore earlier. 
“Shall we do a bit of exploring?” Serafina asked her twin daughters.
They both nodded, eager to run along the beach.
The framework that had held the barge was now a great hulking skeleton of timbers. Anchored just off shore, the finished barge floated majestically on the lake.  The once busy boat works sat unused, abandoned save for a few men who sat carving small sculptures from scraps of wood.
Shouts and cheers drifted down the beach from further along the lake shore.  Serafina could make out a group of men on horseback playing a game with a crowd of people watching.
As they drew closer, Serafina could see the distinctive shapes of Barburee horses and the colorful outfits of the Barburee nomads.  They were playing some sort of game that involved fighting over a goat carcass.  This must the buzkashi game Electra had told her about.  She saw Prince Avor urging his horse closer, making a try for the carcass.  He grabbed a leg and pulled, then stole a glance at the crowd where a beautiful blonde girl jumped up and down, cheering him on.
Serafina smiled, wondering if her sister knew of this budding romance.  She looked back to check on the twins and a group of newcomers caught her eye.  Take and his actors were struggling to pull a heavy cart up to the new theatre.
“There is your Uncle Take,” she said to the twins.  “Shall we go and say hello?”
“Finn, Finn,” Shalin yelled, happy to see her flute instructor once again.
Take was alarmed to see Serafina and the twins at King’s Lake, but his face softened into a smile when Shalin ran up to him and hugged him around the knees.
“Does the king know you are here?” Take asked Serafina as he patted the top of  Shalin’s head.  He looked around cautiously to see who might be watching.
“Geoffrey and Delphinia have invited us to the wedding,” Serafina stated in a casual tone.
Take shook off his stunned expression and said no more on the subject.  He knelt down to speak to his excited niece.  “Did you bring your flute?”
Shalin nodded and drew out her flute from a pocket in her tunic.  She held it out at arm’s length almost touching Take’s nose.
Take looked up at Serafina.  “We could certainly use Shalin’s help this evening.  We haven’t had much time to plan a new show and will likely be using some of the same music we performed at Henge.”
“Would you like to play?” Serafina asked Shalin.
Shalin nodded.
Serafina looked off toward the theatre.  “I might be able to add something unique to your entertainment,” she said.
Take tilted his head, considering Serafina’s offer.  “Something in the way of witchcraft, you mean?”
“Yes.”
Take pursed his lips.  His eyes took on a suspicious slant.  “What did you have in mind?”
“I will need a young willow tree—roots and all.”
Take’s fellow actors stayed huddled around the cart full of props.  Juanita and Esmeralda kept occupied braiding each other’s hair.  They were close enough to hear the conversation but far enough away to pretend they did not.  Take turned to them and asked, “Could we provide a young willow?  Roots and all?”
The actors stared ahead, mute.  Finally Smiles said, “A course we could.”
“All right then,” Take said, patting Shalin on the head.  “Let’s get busy.  We’ve a lot to do before all of Fernland and Helsop get here.”

By afternoon, picnickers began arriving with their food and blankets spread out on the hillside that sloped down to the theatre on the lake.  A black curtain shielded the acting troupe from the prying eyes of the gathering crowd.  Cart loads of ferns and flowers arrived and were quickly transferred to the stage behind the curtain.  Smiles brought Serafina a willow tree, its roots still dripping mud from its former home by the lake.  The thousands from Helsop began arriving at the lake accompanied by carts of food, courtesy of Queen Delphinia.  As the hillside began to fill, Palace Guards roped off areas reserved for the royal family and their guests.

Behind the black curtain, preparations for the show were in high gear.  While Take led his actors through a rehearsal of the performance, Serafina covered the willow tree with a soft rain of colored powders she pulled from her bag.  She chanted spells as she ran her hands over the branches, then she attached small packets of gold colored liquid to the tree.  She set the roots of the willow tree into a mixture of water and herbs in a metal bucket, and chanted a final spell over her work.
By late afternoon the hillside was packed to capacity.  Last to arrive was the royal carriage, carrying Electra, Dagon, King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia.  A hush fell over the multitude on the hillside, quickly followed by cheering as the royal family took their places on their reserved seats.

Take stepped out from behind the curtain and the crowd continued to cheer until he held up his hands for quiet.  He spoke through a rolled up parchment that served to amplify his voice.
“Tonight we celebrate the upcoming wedding of the Princess Electra to the honorable Dagon, headman of Helsop.  We will see another wedding of sorts on stage.  A magical wedding straight out of fairyland.  Prepare to be enchanted.”
The curtain opened to a forest scene full of ferns, flowers and a willow tree.  A lone fairy danced amongst the foliage, touching plants with her wand as she danced.  The flowers and ferns swayed in the breeze as she touched them.  The audience gasped as the willow tree rose up onto the tips of its roots at the fairy’s touch.
Delphinia turned to her daughter and whispered.  “This is amazing.  Take has certainly outdone himself tonight.  I see I worried for no reason.”
Electra nodded her agreement.  Had her mother not warned her that Serafina had engineered an invitation, she would have thought Take a genius.  She watched the willow tree and sensed Serafina’s hand in its movement.  “Truly an unparalleled bit of magic,” Electra whispered back.
On stage, guests arrived for the fairy wedding dressed in ferns and flowers with elaborate floral headdresses.  The crowd broke into laughter and applause when the fairy bride arrived, dressed in an outlandish bouquet of medicinal herbs—Take’s tribute to Electra’s herbal expertise.
A tiny flute-playing fairy crossed the stage and took her place on a giant toadstool. “Isn’t that one of Serafina’s twins?” Delphinia asked.
“I believe it is,” Electra answered, astonished.
“Do you suppose that is really the child playing a flute?”
“I do not know.  I have never heard her play before, but it seems she is.”
The music turned to a quicker tempo as Shandor, dressed as an elf, stepped on stage.  The fairies began to dance faster and faster, some lifting off the ground to twirl and sail through the air.  The king of the fairies stepped on stage and began the marriage ceremony before the fairies all took flight.
The fairy bride and groom exchanged garlands of flowers to seal their vows and the dancing began again.  Slowly, at the back of the stage, the willow tree began to sway.  It moved forward, tip toeing on its roots, and the fairies made a circle around it—singing and throwing handfuls of fairy dust at the dancing tree.  The tree lifted its branches and blossoms appeared amongst the leaves.  The blossoms grew and, amid gasps from the audience, slowly changed from blossoms into golden fruits hanging down from the branches and falling into the hands of the waiting fairies.
The audience watched in awe as the curtain closed.  Then cheering and thunderous applause broke out.
“I have never seen the like,” Delphinia murmured.
Tears brimmed at the edges of Electra’s eyes.  This had been a gift from Serafina.  She wondered if she should acknowledge it.  Was there a chance that Delphinia and Serafina might finally be reconciled in appreciation of this gift?  Electra looked at her mother, who was already extolling Take’s genius to her most honored guests.  She turned from her mother to Dagon, squeezed his hand and mouthed the silent word, ‘Serafina’.

Chapter 54

King’s Lake

After their entertainment at the theatre, the royal guests were rowed out to the barge where they would spend the night in the newly decorated suites.  Electra marveled at the barge by night, lit with torches at the railings and oil lamps below deck.  It seemed a continuation of the fairy tale evening.  The bedding in her suite was soft and comfortable, luxurious, even by Fernland standards.  Despite the inviting bedding, she found it hard to fall asleep after so much excitement.  She wrapped a cloak around her and headed back up on deck.
From the deck she could see lights on shore.  Queen Delphinia had made sure there was food and ale enough to go around and the party would likely last far into the night.  Electra was glad the party-goers would be sleeping on the hillside rather than trying to reach home after consuming too much ale.
She turned around when she felt the presence of someone else on deck.
“Hello,” Princess Elka said.  “I did not want to disturb you.  You seemed lost in thought.”
“Please, join me,” Electra said.  “I have had too much excitement today to sleep, even though I am very fatigued.”
“It has been an exciting time.  I watched a new game played today.  It is called buzkashi.  It is fast moving and quite dangerous.”
Electra laughed.  “I am familiar with buzkashi.  And you are right—it is quite dangerous.”
Elka sighed.  “You have seen so much in your life.  I envy you your independence.”
“I am hardly independent.  You may have noticed all of Helsop is here to attend my wedding.”
Elka’s face took on an earnest expression. “But you do as you please.  Avor tells me you became a physician even though your parents were opposed to the idea.”
“They may have been opposed but I could not have done it without their help.  They built a cottage for me on the lake shore, a place to live while I served my apprenticeship.  They built my school of medicine in Helsop.  It took some convincing on my part but when they saw I was serious about becoming a physician, they made it possible.”
“I am afraid my parents would not be so obliging,” Elka said.
“What is it you would like to do if your parents were willing?” Electra asked.
“I do not even know.  Even in small things, they forbid my choices.  I am not allowed to wear what I might like to try.  I am not allowed friends who are not of their choosing.  I am not allowed to race a boat which is the only thing I have found so far that I have an aptitude for.  I have so little experience that I would be unable to choose a career, and even my future husband will be a man of their choosing.”
“I see,” Electra said.  And she did see.  Elka’s story was not unusual in royal families.  Royal daughters were closely monitored.  “Would they allow you to visit me in Helsop?”
Electra could see Elka’s eyes growing large in the torchlight.  “They might,” she said softly, as she ran the possibility through her mind.  “I know they hope to order more weapons from Helsop.  Our pirates seem to grow more numerous by the day and we need your weapons to fend them off.  They might let me accompany Oswald on a weapon’s purchasing trip if you or Queen Delphinia were to invite me.  They might see an advantage in allowing me to go if they thought it would please you.”
Electra could feel Elka’s excitement.  “I will see what I can do,” she promised.
Electra’s hand rested on the ship’s rail.  Elka covered it with her own hand.  “Thank you.  Oh, thank you.  Finally I will have a dream, even if it does not come to pass.  I must leave now.  If we are seen together, they might suspect I have put you up to this.”  She squeezed Electra’s hand one last time and hurried back to her cabin.
Electra realized that someone had been watching.  She moved toward the bow of the boat where a strong figure stood looking out to shore.
“Haddad?” she asked, recognizing the posture of the master ship builder.
“Yes.  It is I.  I saw you come up on deck and wanted to thank you for saving our boat works, but then you had a visitor, so I waited.”
Electra smiled.  “It is you who may save Helsop if you are able to stay and build our fishing boats.  We are constantly short of food while Cold Lake lies on our doorstep teeming with fish—free for the taking.”
“I did not want to go back to Taz while the Great Khan still controls our city.  I do not trust him to show gratitude for the ships we build for him.  I do not think he has ever set foot on a ship.”
“I am sure you are right on that score.  On their horses they are conquerors.  Without their horses they do not feel whole.”
“I feel almost that way about my ships,” Haddad admitted.
“I know Avor is on your side.  He does not want to see the boat works shut down.  I have heard him argue with my father about it.”
Haddad paused, wondering if he should delve further.  “Why is your father against keeping the boat works?” he finally asked.
“Only because you are foreigners.  You have different customs and most of you speak a different language.  The more you join together in activities the more comfortable he will become with you living in Fernland.  He was very impressed when you marched with him to attack the Vagans.”
“It was hardly an attack.  They were gone before we got there.”
“But you did not know that when you joined his soldiers.”
“True.”
“I believe King Gundar wants to commission one or more ships from you,” Electra said.
“Yes, he has offered us a place in Sandovia if we will work for him.”
“My father would not want to lose you to King Gundar.  You have time now while you build our fishing boats.  I will remind my father how fortunate we were to have your services before you made a move to Sandovia.”
“I do not wish to move to Sandovia.  They are beset by pirates who would surely attack and burn any boat works we tried to establish.”
“But we will not mention that to my father.”
Haddad smiled but cautioned Electra.  “You play a dangerous game if you plan to deceive your father.”
“I know,” Electra said.  “It seems to be my particular curse.  But I always have his best interests at heart.”

Chapter 55

King’s Lake

Electra and Dagon stood at the railing of the barge, enjoying a cruise around King’s Lake on the morning of their wedding day.
Dagon pointed off to shore.  “Is that not smoke coming from your old cottage?”
Electra shielded her eyes from the rising sun.  “It is.  Someone must be staying there. All the royalty is on the barge.  I am surprised anyone else was given permission.”
“Do you think it could be Serafina?”  Dagon asked.
“It could be.  I doubt she would stoop to asking permission.”
The combination of smoke and Serafina triggered something in Electra’s mind.
“We saw smoke coming from the compound of the silent men after we rescued Esme.  For some reason it made Serafina very angry.”
“Perhaps she was angry to have left the kidnappers alive and able to go about their daily routines,” Dagon suggested with a smile.
Suddenly Electra knew.  The combination of feathers, sulfa and that foul smelling vapor was not a gas to produce memory loss.  It was a gas meant to kill.  Dagon did not know his jest had uncovered the truth.  Her stomach lurched at the thought and she was glad to be standing at the ship’s rail.
“Are you feeling sea sick?” Dagon asked, noting her pale complexion.
“Perhaps a little,” Electra said.
“Let us move to the bow.  Perhaps the fresh breeze will help,” Dagon suggested.
“Yes,” Electra said, taking his arm as she wondered what had gone wrong with Serafina’s plan for mass murder.
At the ship’s bow they saw Bataar, Avor and Elka sitting in a row of seats behind the two thrones meant for King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia.  A servant moved among the seats handing out cups of tea and pastries.
Electra and Dagon accepted cups of tea as they took seats behind Avor.
Bataar was already turned to greet them.  “My friends to marry this day,” he said in a cheerful voice.
Avor and Elka turned around as well with welcoming smiles.
“Haddad tells me you have ordered two fishing boats,” Avor said.
“Yes,” Dagon replied.  “Your sister has been learning the art of weaving nets.”
Electra smiled at Elka.  “It would be good if we had Princess Elka to teach us how to sail our new boats.”  She was surprised to see how her brother’s face lit up at her friendly comment.
“When you come visit Taz?” Bataar asked.
Electra shrugged.  “I would like to visit sometime soon.  Physician Rabar is doing some research on tumors he wants to share with me.”
“You come five moons.  Be first see son,” Bataar said.
It took Electra a moment to understand.  “Your wife, Odval, is going to have a baby?” she asked.
“Yes, you come see baby born.”
Electra counted off five months on her fingers.  The baby would be born in the middle of winter.  Helsop would be heaped with snow and the roads impassable.
“I could not come in winter.  But you have Physician Rabar.  He was my mentor.  You must call on him if there is any trouble.”  She knew Odval had already lost one baby by miscarriage.
“No man for baby.  Baby need woman.  Good friend will come early.” Bataar stated this as a fact, whatever it meant.
Electra surmised that if she was a good friend as Bataar assumed, she would come early to be there when the baby was born.  She looked at Dagon and saw that he was ready to forbid it.
“We will see,” she said quickly, refusing to commit herself one way or the other.
“Yes, see son,” Bataar said, determined to have the last word.
Avor held up his two hands, far apart.  “We will need to measure the width of the road to see how wide a cart can travel to Helsop from King’s Lake.”  He seemed to be unaware of the conversation he had interrupted as he changed the subject.  “You could carry a measuring device along on the way back to Helsop and tell us how wide a boat is possible.”
Electra was amazed at her brother’s engineering mind.  It was a good suggestion and showed he was already designing the fishing boat in his thoughts.
“Yes.  We will do that,” Dagon said.  “We will send the measurements for the widest possible carts back to you.”
Elka rested her hand on Avor’s chair as she leaned toward Electra.  “And perhaps I could make the trip along with the finished boats to teach you how to sail them,” Elka added.
Avor’s face lit up with a smile.  “And I will go as well, to be sure there are no problems with the boats.”
“We will look forward to such a visit,” Electra said, aware of the attraction between Avor and Elka.
Electra saw Queen Delphinia heading for the thrones at the bow of the barge and stood up to intercept her.

“My Dear,” Delphinia said, coming to a stop.  “Did you sleep well on the barge?”
“I did.  Thank you so much for this cruise and last night’s entertainment, and…for everything you have done without any help from me.  I was afraid of what your reaction would be to so many coming along from Helsop for the wedding, and yet you somehow managed to make them all feel welcome.”
Delphinia’s hand pressed against her heart.  “I admit I was somewhat overwhelmed myself when I saw so many filling the road, but of course they would want to come.  They all love you.”
“It is true they love me, but in large part because I am your daughter.  Helsop has never before enjoyed such prosperity as this treaty with Fernland has birthed.”
Delphinia waved her fingers out, dismissing the treaty as a small favor.  Her eyes glazed over a bit as she turned to some inner reminiscence.  “It was a stellar performance last night.  I should have invited Take and his actors along on our cruise.”
“I feel it might have been a performance even beyond Take’s formidable abilities,” Electra said in a soft voice.  “It seemed to me to smack of witchcraft.”
Delphinia looked deep into Electra’s eyes.  “I thought that as well.  I saw a sorceress’s touch.”
“I believe Serafina meant it to be a gift—perhaps a wedding gift,” Electra noted in a cautious tone.
“Exactly what I thought,” Delphinia replied, turning to gaze out at the lake.
“As for Shalin’s performance, I had no idea she had a gift for music,” Electra said, feeling on shaky ground, wondering if the twins had found favor with her mother.
“Extraordinary.  You can tell the twins apart?” Delphinia asked.
“Only by temperament.  Shalin is the more introspective of the two.  I would guess the music was her doing.”
“I see.”  Delphinia was quiet for a moment.  “Perhaps you would like to have them in your wedding if you are close to them.  As flower girls, perhaps?”
Electra took a tentative breath.  Was her mother serious or was this a trap to see how much affection she held for Serafina’s daughters?
“I do not wish to place you in an awkward situation,” Electra murmured.  “I know you would not have invited Serafina and the twins willingly.”
“Nonsense.  They are my nieces and I find them enchanting.  I will see that we have a supply of rose petals on hand should they choose to participate.”
Electra was overwhelmed with gratitude.  She hugged her mother tightly. “You are stronger and wiser than I ever thought possible,” she said with tears in her eyes.
“I am your mother.  One day you will have children and then you will know what love can accomplish.”

Chapter 56

King’s Lake

Electra looked at the two dresses spread out on her bed aboard the barge.  One was the dress she had brought, a simple blue satin gown with a matching blue satin belt that tied in a bow at the back.  The second was a white dress made of a new material Muller had sent from China to Queen Delphinia.  It seemed to glow from within. Muller had included a note stating that the method of making the material was a closely kept secret in China.
Someone knocked on her stateroom door.  “May I come in?” called a familiar voice.
Electra quickly opened the door and her maid of honor, Isa, opened her arms for a hug.
“Isa, I am so glad to see you,” she said, hugging her friend.  “Come in and help me choose what to wear.”
Isa’s eyes fastened on the white dress.  She picked it up and rubbed the material against her cheek.  “What is this?  I have never seen the like.”
“It comes from China.  I think it is called silk,” Electra said.
Isa held it out in front of her.  “It is light as a feather and so beautiful.  Have you tried it on?”
“Not yet.  I am still undecided.”
Isa’s eyes grew wide.  “Surely you jest,” she said, stroking the silk fabric with her hand.  “This material is a wonder.”
“How did you come aboard?” Electra asked.
“Deimos rowed me over.  He has gone to help Dagon dress.  He brought the sword that belonged to Dagon’s father.”
“Is the row boat available?” Electra asked.
“I believe so, we left it tied to the rope ladder,” Isa said.
“I need to take it ashore for a few minutes.  I must speak to Serafina,” Electra said.
“Serafina is here?”  Isa’s face showed her surprise.
“She and the twins have been invited to the wedding.  I am going to ask the twins to be flower girls.”
Isa shook her head as if to clear it.  “But you cannot leave.  We need to fix your hair and find the proper jewelry.”
“Would you ask my mother’s opinion for me?  Tell her I will wear the white dress.  It will make her happy and she no doubt brought along the perfect jewelry to go with it.  I will be back as soon as I can.”
“But…”  Isa stood holding the white dress as Electra rushed out the cabin door.

Electra rowed the short distance to shore wondering if she should confront Serafina about her attempt to murder the silent men.  Serafina would likely deny it.  She told Electra the gas would make them forget because she did not want Electra to try to dissuade her from her murderous mission.  Electra thought back to that day.  Serafina could not speak the language of the silent men.  She had asked Esme to put certain thoughts into the minds of the holy men.
Perhaps Esme had been unable to put the correct thoughts in their minds.  Or perhaps she had substituted her own instructions to save them.  Esme seemed happy there in the silent men’s sanctuary.  They had given her the wolf pups.  Could one as young as Esme have known what Serafina had planned and countermanded her orders?
Electra determined to watch Esme carefully and nurture any tendencies toward compassion in the child.
Electra pulled her small boat onto the beach near her old cottage.  She saw the twins playing with the wolf pups near the entrance to the cottage.  Esme twirled around holding a stick while the pups jumped up trying to snatch it from her hands.
Shalin saw Electra and ran out to meet her.  Electra swung her up in the air and Shalin screeched with joy.  She kissed the little girl and set her down, heading for Esme.
“Esme, my sweet, who gave you your wolf pups?”
“Saffon mens” Esme said, holding up her arms to be swept into the air.
Electra kissed her and swung her high up, then stooped to pet each of the wolf pups.
“Is your mama inside?” Electra asked.
Both little girls nodded and went back to their game.
Electra knocked once and called out.  “Serafina, it is Electra.”
Serafina opened the door, smiling.  “You knock at your own cottage?”
Electra laughed.  “I had to thank you for the tree of golden fruits last night.  I am afraid Take the Thief received the credit, but I recognize your work when I see it.”
Serafina nodded.  “I had no doubt you would.”
“It seems you have worked another miracle in securing an invitation as you promised.”
Serafina shrugged.  “It is hardly a miracle when you know what one has need of.”
“Does this mean you and Delphinia have patched things up between you?”
“Is that what Delphinia told you?”
“She inferred the invitation was given out of love,” Electra said.
Serafina laughed.  “The king’s men came by this morning to pick up the sacks of white powder I offered to sell to Geoffrey.”  She pointed to the rear wall of the cottage where a dusting of white powder still remained on the floor.
“You offered white powder in exchange for an invitation?”
“More or less,” Serafina said.  “I mentioned that you expressed a wish to have us here in order to allow them that as a reason, if need be.”
Electra nodded.  “It worked, and I still count it a miracle.  It seems the twins have softened Delphinia’s heart.  I have come to ask if they might be flower girls at my wedding.”
Serafina’s eyebrows lifted in surprise.  “And this was Delphinia’s idea?”
“It was.  I believe she suggested it to please me, and it did.  I would love to have them take part in my wedding.”
“Let us ask them,” Serafina said.  She opened the door and called to the girls.
“Shalin, Esme—would you like to walk ahead of your sister today and throw flower petals in the air?”
Shalin turned to look at Esme.  Esme grinned and they both nodded.
Electra kissed them both and turned to hug Serafina.
“I must go now lest I be late for my own wedding,” Electra said, running back to slide her row boat into the water.  She waved and picked up the oars.

When Electra reached the barge, she saw Isa pacing anxiously, waiting above the rope ladder.
“Thank the stars, you are back.  I thought your mother might faint when I told her you had left alone for an errand on shore.”
“I should not have asked you to speak to her before I returned.  I am sorry.  Where is she now?”
“I believe she is with Haddad—likely organizing a search party,” Isa said.

Electra found her mother speaking to Haddad near the rowing benches.
“Mother,” Electra said.  “I am here.  I only rowed ashore to find the twins and ask them to be flower girls.  They are quite anxious to do it.”
“Electra,” the queen said, wringing her hands together.  “You should have told me.  We could have sent a messenger.  You should not be off accomplishing your own chores on your wedding day.”
“Of course you are right.  What was I thinking?  Has Isa told you I am quite in love with the white dress from China?” she asked, changing the subject.
“Yes.  I am delighted you like it as well.  I think I have a simple strand of pearls that would go nicely with it.  Would you like to see them?”
“I am sure they would be perfect.  Let me put on my dress and I will meet you in your cabin.”
“No.  Today you are the bride.  I will bring them to your cabin,” Delphinia insisted.
“As you will.  I will meet you there.  I only need a minute,” Electra said.

Chapter 57

King’s Lake 

Electra put on her white silk dress.  Gold brocade adorned the neckline and sleeves.  It felt cool and light on her body.
“I thought we would lift your hair into a wreath of flowers,” Isa said, showing her the circle of wild flowers and vines she had woven.
“Isa, this is lovely.  Did you make it yourself?”
“I did.  It is my present to you,” Isa said.
“Thank you so much”  The thought of presents reminded her that she had a small fishing net she had woven herself to give to Dagon as a wedding present.  “I made a small fishing net to give to Dagon,” she said, searching through a bundle of clothes and herbs.  I hope I remembered to bring it from the castle.”
“This one?” Isa asked, pulling it out from behind a pillow.”
“There it is.  Should I take it to him now?” Electra asked.
“I will take it,” Isa said.  “You should stay and keep your dress a surprise.”
Queen Delphinia stood at the door, ready to knock, as Isa opened it.  Delphinia saw Electra in her dress and pressed her hand to her lips.  “My Darling.  You look so beautiful.”
Electra smiled.  She felt beautiful.  “Thank you for the dress.”  She turned in a circle to make the skirt flare out.
“Here are the pearls.”  Delphinia hung the long strand of pearls around Electra’s neck, then stood back to take in the completed outfit.  “Yes, perfect, I think.  What do you think Isa?”
Isa looked at Electra.  “Yes, you look beautiful.  I will fix your hair when I return.”
As soon as Isa closed the door, Queen Delphinia cast a curious look behind her.  “Where is Isa going with that fishing net?  Surely she is not planning to catch a fish.”
Electra laughed.  “It is my present to Dagon.  It is symbolic of the fishing industry we have planned for Helsop.”
“Ah.  Symbolic.  Yes, of  course.  Very appropriate.”  Delphinia seemed to be trying hard to hide the fact that she thought a fishing net an odd gift.  “Speaking of gifts, your father and I would like you and Dagon to meet us in the Grand Salon for the presentation of gifts.  You have many surprises in store from our royal guests.”
Electra had not thought of gifts from the guests, nor was she comfortable with the idea.  Most of these people did not even know her.  Their gifts were tokens of respect to her family and she felt awkward in being the one to receive them.
“How will I be able to reciprocate if someone gives us a lavish gift?” Electra asked.
“Do not worry about that.  Their turn will come,” Delphinia said.  “It is expected of royalty.”
“Shall I wear my dress?” Electra asked.
“Wear the one you brought.  It is quite lovely.  Keep this one for a surprise.”

Electra and her mother walked to the grand salon which took up the width of the barge in the stern.  It was richly decorated in red and gold with upholstered benches and a long oak table.  The royal guests sat enjoying tea, fruit and curds. Their gifts were piled high on the table before them.
Electra sat next to Dagon on a bench at the head of the table.
“What is that wonderful smell?” she asked.
Queen Delphinia smiled and turned her attention to King Shabas.  “King Shabas, let us start with the Kingdom of Manoa.  You have met Princess Electra and Headman Dagon, I believe?”
King Shabas, an old, white-haired gentleman, nodded.  “And my sons, Manos and Gallos have also been introduced.  I regret that Queen Shana was too ill to attend.”  He pointed to an array of jars in front of him.  “What you smell is a spice called cinnamon.  I am afraid it is quite addictive, but we have brought you a good supply.”  He smiled.  “We have many wonderful spices in Manoa and we have brought you some of each.  We have heard of the Princess Electra’s interest in herbs, so we thought this would be a welcome gift.”
“It is!”  Electra’s eyes lit up and she grabbed Dagon’s hand in her excitement.  “I am overwhelmed.”
King Shabas nodded to his son, who sat with a covered cage on his lap.  “My son, Manos, has an additional gift.”
Manos took the cover from the cage and a beautiful bird with blue and red feathers fluttered its wings and said, “Electra.  Dagon.”
Dagon’s mouth dropped open.  “A bird that speaks?”
Manos laughed.  “I taught him to say your names.  He cannot carry on a conversation as yet but he will repeat sounds he hears.  He is already quite old—thirty years or so—but such birds often live to one hundred years or more.”
“But surely this is your pet,” Electra objected.
“Coco likes to be around people.  I am never home now I have become our country’s ambassador abroad.  I understand you have a school.”
Electra was touched by the thoughtfulness of Manoa’s gifts.  She had not expected that they would learn so much about her before making their selections.  “My students will make sure Coco is never lonely,” she said, her eyes brimming with tears.
King Gundar’s family was next.  Queen Hilde uncovered a length of table to reveal a set of golden goblets and two beautiful silver candelabras.  “We hope you will enjoy your first toast as a married couple in these goblets under the glow of these candelabras.”  She smiled and lifted another cover to display a case of wine.  “And of course we include the wine for your toast.”
More gifts followed, each royal visitor extolling the riches of his country, seemingly pleased to share his riches with King Geoffrey’s family.  The table was stacked with rolls of cloth, leather hides, gold trinkets, food and wine.
King Geoffrey stood and cleared his throat.  “Your mother and I had planned to give you furnishings for your new castle keep, but of late we became aware of your true hearts’ desire.  We are happy to give you your two fishing boats as a wedding gift.”
Dagon and Electra hugged one another in delight.  Dagon stood and looked at everyone at the table.  “I have no words grand enough to express our gratitude.  We are overwhelmed.  Thank you all from our hearts.”
Prince Avor stood up.  “There is one more present I wish to give you.  I have in mind to design and build a group of racing sailboats.  I will give you the first one to sail on Cold Lake.  Perhaps in the future we will have competitions between Fernland and Helsop.”
Princess Electra saw that King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia were both surprised.  Avor must have just thought of it.
“Avor,” she said, “what a nice surprise.  Now we really must invite Princess Elka to Helsop to show us all how to sail, lest we reflect poorly on Helsop in such a competition.”  Electra hoped this was not too blatant a hint.  She saw King Gundar cast a suspicious glance in his daughter’s direction.
Queen Delphinia stood and addressed her guests.  “We will now adjourn to our spots on the hillside above the theatre.  We have shore boats waiting alongside the barge when you are ready.  Thank you all so much and we will look forward to meeting again at the castle for the banquet that will follow the wedding ceremony.”

Chapter 58

King’s Lake 

Stepping into her cabin, Electra found Isa waiting.
“Dagon gave me a gift to give to you but you had already left with your mother when I returned” Isa said.
“We went to the grand salon where all the royals had gathered to present their gifts,” Electra explained.
Isa smiled.  “I knew you would be back.  Your dress is still here.”  She ran her fingers over the smooth silk.  “Did you get any good gifts?”
“So many.  I can hardly wait to show them to you.  They are all being boxed up by servants to send to Helsop.”
“How soon do we need to go ashore?” Isa asked.
“We will go last,” Electra said.  “Mother wants my dress to be a surprise.”
“Let us do your hair while we wait.”  She drew a small box from her sleeve.  “Here is Dagon’s gift to you.  He liked your fishing net very much.”
Electra grimaced.  “He laughed when he saw it, did he not?”
Isa hid a grin.  “Yes.  He said he needed a good laugh, but he was pleased to know you had made it for him.”
Electra opened the little box and gasped.  It held a hammered gold ring with four little sapphires embedded in the rough gold.
“This is incredible.  How could he afford such a treasure?”
“He has been asking our traders to find a beautiful and unique ring ever since the two of you were engaged a year ago.  This one was brought back by Lars the Trader from the fishing village you and Serafina stopped at on your way to rescue Esme.  One of the fishermen brought it up years ago in a net full of fish.  They think it is very old and have no idea where it came from,” Isa said.
Electra clutched the ring and held it over her heart.  “I must show it to Serafina.  She might be able to divine its origin.”
Isa held her circle of flowers in one hand and a comb in the other. “Right now, you must don your wedding dress and let me fix your hair.  There are many thousands waiting to see you wed.”

Electra, wrapped in a cloak to hide her dress, waited at the top of the hill with Isa and the twins.
“Isa will go first, then you two will follow,” Electra said, handing each little girl a basket of rose petals.  “It is a long walk to the stage of the theatre.  Will you be able to walk that far?”
The girls giggled as though Electra had made a jest.  They evidently did not feel walking to the bottom of the hill was a long walk.
“I will come after you and when we are all on stage, the Caliph will tell us what to say and then we will be married,” Electra finished.
The girls nodded.  She thought they seemed a little disappointed there was so little to do.
“You may throw the rose petals where ever you wish—up in the air or into the crowd of people,” Electra added, hoping to make their job a little more exciting.
The girls giggled again and the first strands of music drifted up from Shandor’s fiddle on stage.

The Caliph stepped from behind the curtain onto the stage, dressed in his ambassador’s robes.  He was followed by Dagon and Deimos, standing side by side, groom and best man.
The carpet of green grass running down the middle of the hillside was roped off on either side to provide a pathway for the bride’s party up to the stage.  Isa started down the hillside, walking gracefully in time to the music.
Esme and Shalin, armed with their baskets of rose petals, waited until Isa was halfway down the hill before starting their own descent.  They tossed rose petals up into the air as they walked.  The girls giggled at one another as each one attempted to throw the rose petals higher than the other.  Soon the petals were reaching amazing heights.  Some were forming into patterns as though they were flocks of birds swerving and dipping into ever changing formations.
Mesmerized guests watched the swirling patterns, astounded by what they saw.  As the twins passed the blanket where Serafina sat with Ebony and the wolf pups, they earned a glance of warning from their mother.  The rose petals began to fall slowly through the air to land on the guests in a soft shower of scented flakes.  Most of the guests were delighted but a few seemed apprehensive.
The twins took their places beside Isa on stage.  Shandor stopped playing for a second and then began a new tune—a haunting gypsy melody that was one of Electra’s favorites.
Electra began her walk down the grassy path.  Her long dark hair was held up in a ring of white flowers.  Her white dress shone like fire in the setting sun.  Guests caught their breath as she passed by.  When she reached the stage, Dagon was visibly moved, savoring her beauty.
“Our day has come at last,” he whispered, taking her hand to his lips to kiss, noting his ring on her finger.
Electra found herself laughing and weeping at the same time.  “Tears of joy,” she murmured to Dagon, wiping them away.
They stood before the Caliph, hand in hand as the Caliph faced the hillside full of wedding guests.

“Do you Dagon of Helsop take Electra to be your wife,
 To be her constant friend,
her partner in life and her true love?
To love her without reservation,
honor and respect her,
protect her from harm,
comfort her in times of distress,
and to grow with her in mind and spirit?”

“I do,” Dagon said in a loud voice.

“And do you, Electra of Fernland, take Dagon to be your husband,
To be his constant friend,
his partner in life and his true love?
To love him and respect him,
Protect him from harm,
Comfort him in times of distress,
And to grow with him in mind and spirit?”

“Yes, I do,” Electra said.

“I pronounce you then, man and wife, together until death do you part,” the Caliph said, with a bow to the newly married couple.
Dagon and Electra turned to face their family and friends gathered on the hillside.  They raised their arms, hand in hand to signify their joining in wedlock.
The people of Fernland cheered and the people of Helsop cheered louder, relieved and hopeful that this union might bring a continuation of peace and prosperity to their struggling village.
“I can hardly believe we are truly married,” Dagon whispered.
“Nor can I,” Electra whispered back, “but we do not lack for witnesses.”
Dagon smiled and kissed his bride.

