Pulchra and Akaru
By
Anthony Vanderscheuren
Published by Anthony Vanderscheuren at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Anthony Vanderscheuren. 
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
Table of Contents
Book 1
Book 2
Book 3
Book 1
In a simpler time, when monsters, spirits, and daemons still populated the forests and plains, a young woman, the wife of the magistrate of the small but prosperous town of Angustia, gave birth to a beautiful baby girl. The third child her mother had borne, this girl was by far the most handsome of her siblings, indeed the most handsome in the entire province. On seeing his new daughter, the magistrate was overjoyed and named her Pulchra, which means beautiful. 
As she grew her beauty only increased. Her hair was a dark brown, nearly black, and shone like polished wood in any light. The color of her eyes was the deep blue of the sea at twilight, and her perfect figure was more stunning than the greatest work of any master sculptor. Her loveliness became known throughout the region so that anyone traveling through the narrow valley Angustia sat in would try to catch a glimpse of the beautiful, young girl. 
At that time, unknown to the men, the daemon Lord Akaru drove his rivals back and extended his domain into the valley where Pulchra’s father served as magistrate. The daemon was enchanted by the girl and often sat unseen in a tree outside the town hoping to see her. He ordered all those in his domain not to harm the town and saw to it that harvests were always plentiful and no foreign force marched into the valley. So the townsmen lived in peace, never knowing who made that peace possible. 
Akaru appreciated the respite from hostilities. Walking through the forest he recalled the many campaigns he had led against other daemon kings. First, when he was much younger he had defeated proud Goshimun. Then a few years later the sly Haninki. Then in rapid succession came the wars against Bijuka, Meuchi, and Ziemoromu along with his legendary Band of Butchers. Next had been the war against Yikipo, in which Akaru had taken the worst losses, but afterwards followed decades of relatively easy and swift victories. Now his borders were secure and Akaru could finally rest from war. 
Turning down a path, Akaru sighed as he remembered the faces of all the dear friends and loved ones who had been lost in those campaigns. He took a deep breath and turned his attention to enjoying the soft songs of the birds and the chattering of the squirrels in the forest on the mountainside. A few wild goats skittered away when he climbed over a rise and the human town came into view.
Akaru could see the large market place at its center, bordered by the tall temples to the deities. The city council hall and the large theater were also easily identified from a distance. Akaru continued walking closer and he could soon pick out the herdsmen with their livestock in the pastures and the farm hands working in the fields which surrounded Angustia. The humans’ skill in cultivating large numbers of plants had intrigued Akaru for some years. He had attempted similar projects with mixed success though never on the same scale.
Akaru paused on the edge of the forest and watched the stalks of wheat sway in the breeze. The wheat fields made up the majority of the cultivated land and the wind moved in hypnotizing waves through that golden sea. But among the gold was mixed spots of grey. Akaru stooped down and looked closer at the plants in front of him. Small worms were crawling up many stalks, nibbling as they went. Akaru did not recognize the species. The pests must have been brought by a foreign trader.
Angustia was well situated on a road which connected the villages on the mountain peaks above it to the cities on the plain below. All travel and commerce between the two regions funneled through this valley, making the town grow and thrive. Unfortunately, sometimes it also brought undesirable visitors such as this worm. It would have to be dealt with immediately before it impacted the harvest or spread to the forest.
Reaching out his slender fingers, Akaru plucked one of the offending creatures from the wheat. Surely he could find something interested in eating them. He lifted his hand and sent out a silent call. It was a shame that despite their affinity for the flora, the humans could not so readily influence the fauna surrounding them. A small black bird was the first to answer his call.
“Hello, little fellow,” Akaru said as the bird alighted on his fingers. Its dark eyes surveyed the worm twisting in Akaru’s grip. It moved its beak closer but then retreated and turned its gaze to Akaru. “Not to your liking?”
The bird spread its wings and took to the sky again just as the nearby wheat began to sway, but not because of the breeze this time. 
“Lord Akaru, if I had known you were coming this way today I would have waited and walked with you,” a voice came from the field.
“It was not a planned visit, my friend,” Akaru greeted his servant Tobart. He held the worm out and said, “I did not think you would be interested in something like this.”
“No, of course not,” Tobart said, wrinkling his nose. “I was looking for a snack and just as I was approaching something, a mouse or a shrew I’m not exactly sure, he darted this way. Responding to your call no doubt.”
“A shrew,” Akaru said pointing to a small rodent who was greedily munching on the worms on the wheat stalks. 
“And now he is occupied in your employ meaning I can’t eat him,” Tobart sighed and rubbed his empty stomach. “Pity.”
Akaru tossed the worm in his hand toward the shrew as more of his brethren arrived to aid in the extermination.
“It’s a shame that Celisha isn’t here,” Tobart said. “They look like the sort of thing she would enjoy.”
“Only Celisha, not her sister?” Akaru smiled as Tobart looked sheepishly at the ground.
“Well yes, Carmina would like them also,” he stammered. 
“I thought you usually waited for nightfall to hunt the rats near the town,” Akaru said, changing the subject.
“Yes I do” he replied. “They grow fattest near the magistrate’s storehouse. But I had heard that Rankiku might be passing by the southern road this afternoon and I have further heard that a sublime female is traveling with her.”
“And just a moment ago you were eager to have Celisha here with us,” Akaru said and smiled again.
“Well she is a fine woman, but-“
“I understand, Tobart,” Akaru laughed. “You are still young.”
“And you are not so old, sir,” said Tobart as he leaned closer. “Come with me. Rankiku is also an attractive female and she may be interested in making a home nearby. I’m sure you could give her an incentive.”
“Thank you for the offer, but I’ll pass.”
“Talecta has been dead a long time, sir.”
Akaru’s eyes narrowed. Tobart took a step back but continued, “You have grieved long enough. Could she tell you so now I am sure she would not want you to spend the rest of your days alone.”
“Talecta would have plenty to say about Rankiku,” Akaru snarled. “A woman who still wanders from land to land long past the days of her youth, who beds any daemon who catches her eye, and eats whatever appeals to her without regard for maintaining a territory.” 
Tobart remained silent. For a moment neither moved, then Akaru’s expression softened. He bent down and again grabbed a worm that the shrews had not yet found.
“Do you know what Talecta would have done with these?” Akaru asked.
“Yes, sir,” Tobart said smiling. “She would have gathered them in a sack not leaving a single one, and walked through the forest offering them to chicks in their nests, young frogs in the streams, or any poor creature in need of nourishment. And if she could not find any that found them appetizing she would have eaten them herself.”
“Exactly,” Akaru sighed and placed the worm in his mouth. After chewing for a second he also smiled. “But she would have enjoyed it.”
They both laughed. Akaru put a hand on Tobart’s shoulder and said, “I know you mean well, but someone like Rankiku is not for me.”
Tobart nodded but remained silent. The two daemons watched the shrews scurrying after the worms for a few minutes until the distant whinny of a horse drew their attention to the road. Several men on horseback were making their way toward Angustia.
“It seems that Rankiku is not the only one traveling through the valley today,” Akaru said wondering who the men could be.
“They’re not merchants,” Tobart said as if reading his master’s mind. “Not enough baggage for that and they are too well dressed. Noblemen on a journey would be my guess.”
“I wonder what their purpose is here.”
“Any of a dozen trivial issues.”
“See who they are, will you?” Akaru ordered. “But don’t frighten them.”
“I never do,” Tobart said grinning. Then he dropped to all fours, and disappeared into the wheat.
Retreating a ways into the forest Akaru agilely climbed high into a tree. He reclined on a large bough where he could see over the town’s walls. A play must have just ended in the theater since the market place was flooding with people as they exited the huge structure. Akaru envied them. He had read many of the works by the play writes of many nations and had longed to be able to enjoy a close range view of a performance. Which of the great heroes’ deeds had been recreated on the stage that afternoon, he wondered. 
Akaru’s thoughts were interrupted when he caught sight of the magistrate’s youngest child leaving the performance. Tobart had told him that the girl’s name was Pulchra and Akaru had to agree that the name fit her perfectly. Pulchra was stunningly attractive and graceful, but more than that there was a beauty in her attitude towards her people that was rare among human nobility. As Akaru watched the maiden distributed alms, likely the change left after purchasing her admittance to the theater, to the elderly and the children in the market place. After emptying her purse she disappeared into one of the temples to offer prayers to one of her gods. Yes, she was truly beautiful by every definition of the word.
There was a scratching noise below him and Akaru looked down to see Tobart making his way up the tree. The lesser daemon perched on a bough opposite his master and reported, “The well-dressed caravan is indeed a young nobleman from the low lands and his entourage.”
Akaru turned to watch the line of horses now approaching the city gate and asked, “Did you find out what trivial issue has brought them into the mountains?”
“Oh it’s not so trivial after all,” Tobart said, scratching behind an ear. “One of the men was describing to another some of the gifts this nobleman is to present to the magistrate as tokens of his undying friendship when he asks for the hand of the magistrate’s lovely daughter.”
“What?” Akaru exclaimed and turned quickly to look at Tobart who simply shrugged. He turned back toward the nobleman who was now entering the town and said under his breath, “Pompous fool.”
“He seems to be a fine specimen of human masculinity,” Tobart remarked.
“He is not,” Akaru scoffed. “His beauty does not compare to Pulchra’s. He’s not worthy to even lay his eyes on her. She deserves so much better.”
“There is nothing keeping you from presenting yourself to the girl for a night,” Tobart said leaning forward, a sly expression in his eyes. “Many daemons have enjoyed fine nights with human maidens.”
“No, no, no. And leave her a broken, raving shell despised and labeled a lunatic like that poor fellow of Anjuin’s a few years ago? She deserves much better than that, Tobart.”
“There were many who said you punished Anjuin too harshly for a crime against a human, a race that doesn’t even know of our existence. Was the man’s fate your reason for such severity?” Tobart asked.
“Mainly, yes.”
“Well in any case, if those are not your intentions,” Tobart returned to the present situation. “Then I do not understand your interest, sir.”
“I don’t understand it myself,” Akaru sighed. “Come, let’s go home. I can’t watch anymore of this.”

***

The young nobleman made his way through the streets and presented himself at the magistrate’s house. The magistrate and his eldest child met him at the door.
“Viton, welcome,” the magistrate greeted him. “Your father and I studied with the same teacher. As boys we were inseparable. It is a privilege to welcome his son into my house.”
“Good sir,” Viton answered. “My father speaks as kindly of you as you do of him. I am indeed glad to present myself to your family.”
“Come inside my boy,” the magistrate said and ushered him into the house and pointed to his son standing behind him. “Fortis here will show you to the bathes. Son, treat this man like your brother, he may be soon enough.”
Fortis led their guest away. An hour later after being bathed, groomed, and dressed for dinner they returned the best of friends. The young men reclined at table along with the magistrate and his older daughter, Cara, and her husband Telon. The magistrate’s wife was about to present her youngest when a messenger hurried into the dining room.
“My lord, I am sorry to disturb your meal,” said the messenger breathing heavily. “But I would be remiss in my duties if I did not bring this news to you immediately. Mere minutes ago, the trees outside of town began to sway violently though no wind was blowing. The people in that neighborhood were greatly frightened by this omen and even more so when a savage cry sounded from the trees. A moment later a great spear, too large for a man to throw, flew from the forest and landed in the middle of the street leading into town. On the shaft of this great spear was tied this scroll on which is written ‘To the Magistrate.’”
The messenger handed the scroll to the magistrate and hastily left the room. The magistrate pulled the scroll open and studied it for a minute. Then he laughed and said, “Listen to this: 
‘Magistrate,
I know you have welcomed a young man into your house this evening with the intention of presenting him to your daughter Pulchra as a husband. If you do so the aid I have given you shall be withdrawn, for I expressly forbid it.
The Lord of These Lands’
Some other fellow believes himself lord of my territory and lord of my household. No doubt some jealous young man who thinks to stop this union with idle threats. My wife, come present our daughter to our guest.”
Pulchra smiled sweetly as she entered with her mother. Viton was struck by her beauty and smiled back, but spent most of the evening discussing business with the magistrate. 

***

Akaru walked slowly up the mountain side toward where he knew he would find Boyotar. The large daemon had fought alongside Akaru for centuries.
“Lord Akaru,” Boyotar greeted him bowing slightly. 
“Boyotar, my friend,” Akaru said. Without further preamble he continued, “As I recall you are very fond of fresh poultry.”
“Yes,” Boyotar frowned. “But I only eat what I catch in the forest or in the marsh.”
“Because I have forbidden you to eat the livestock kept by the townsmen,” Akaru smiled. “I believe that was rather harsh of me.”
“Do not taunt me, my friend,” Boyotar smiled gleefully.
“I do not taunt. The magistrate has disobeyed me. Fill your greedy belly with his chickens, geese, and ducks.”
“Matusio!” Boyotar called to his servant. “Come quickly. We are going down the mountain.”

***

Angustia awoke the next day to find that all of the magistrate’s poultry had disappeared. The magistrate angrily maintained that a jealous youth had stolen them and sent his guards to search the town for the missing birds. Viton, however, felt differently.
“Dear sir,” the young man said. “My presence here has obviously offended some god. It would be wrong for me to stay.”
“Son, do not believe such superstitions,” the magistrate put his hand on Viton’s shoulder. “Don’t let this poor mannered prank rob you of your bride.”
But Viton could not be deterred and he returned to his hometown that day.
Over the next months, three more young men came to court the magistrate’s beautiful daughter and all three were mysteriously ordered away. When the magistrate refused to send the suitors away half his goats were lost, then his barn was burned, and finally his best horse was taken.
“Finding a son-in-law will ruin me!” the magistrate groaned in despair. The townspeople, who loved the magistrate and his family, urged him not to receive any more suitors. 
“Do not endure more hardships,” they beseeched him. “Your daughter’s beauty has caught the attention of the gods. You must appease them and learn what fate has been assigned to young Pulchra.”
“I will not be bullied by some jealous prankster,” scowled the magistrate, but his son Fortis pleaded with him.
“Father, we have always known Pulchra to be extraordinary,” he entreated. “If you will not seek the will of the gods at least allow me to make an attempt. Our family cannot afford to anger them further.”
The magistrate reluctantly agreed and Fortis, along with two attendants, went into the forest to offer prayers and holocausts. They hiked up the side of the mountain and built a fire on a stone outcropping. Fortis slaughtered the goats he had brought for the sacrifice and placed them in the flames along with a sack of wheat. As they burned he prayed.
“Great gods of the earth and the sky, mighty spirits who weave the fates of men, accept my offering and hear my plea. You have always smiled on my sister, Pulchra, giving her beauty and fortune. Now she is of age to take a husband. I believe you are the ones who have sent away each of her suitors thus far. If my prayers have pleased you, send me the name of the man my sister is to wed.”

***

Fortis’ vigil did not escape Akaru’s attention. The young man had stayed in the forest for three days and nights calling to the gods for an answer in regards to his sister’s fate. Akaru paced back and forth for hours trying to decide whether to take advantage of this golden opportunity. At length Tobart came to him.
“Sir, I understand your attraction for this girl,” he said. “She is lovely, but considering an affair and planning a marriage are very different things and I wonder if you have considered what the consequences of your actions could be. Your supporters will not recognize your union with a human. The girl herself would be overwhelmed by your presence. She would freeze in fear each time you approached. And not to forget your daughter…”
“I do know all these things, Tobart,” Akaru growled. “Yet I cannot deny what my heart compels me to do. I can handle my supporters and my family. As far as the girl’s fear is concerned, I have observed that a horse at first fears to have a man sit on his back, but in time the horse and man become the closest of partners.”
“I fear that the difference between a horse and his rider is far less than the difference between you and the girl, sir,” Tobart stepped closer. “Even if her fear subsides, she will always be apprehensive in your presence.”
“But not in your’s, Tobart,” Akaru said, a thoughtful look coming to his eyes. “You will bring her to me and accustom her to daemons. Since you are only a lesser daemon, she will not be overwhelmed by your presence. Once she is ready, I shall meet her. And Tobart, do not underestimate love’s ability to overcome all obstacles. Now, we are going to need a grand gift.”
“Gift?” Tobart asked. “For who? For what?”
“Don’t you remember the gifts the nobles brought for the magistrate?” Akaru asked. “It’s a human custom. I will have to present him with the most astounding of gifts.”
“I never liked that human custom,” said Tobart softly. “It seems like buying a spouse.”
“I think they believe it solidifies the bond between the two families.”
“Then shouldn’t the magistrate also give you a gift? Besides the girl I mean?” Tobart pointed out. “Actually I think that is how it usually works. The father pays the husband for the extra cost of housing and feeding his daughter.”
“I’ve read of instances of it going both ways,” Akaru answered. “But since the other suitors brought gifts, we should assume that in this case it is the duty of the groom to give the gift. Besides, it is only just that I repay the magistrate for the property he has lost recently.”
“Well if you must, may I suggest giving iron,” Tobart said.  “The humans construct many objects from iron.”
“Yes, that is true” Akaru said as he started walking away. “But do they treasure it? We must find something that they hold in great value if the gift is to be appropriate. We will also have to find appropriate things to feed to Pulchra once she arrives. Come on, Tobart, we have a lot to do.” 

***

Fortis returned to his father’s house that evening with yet another mysteriously delivered scroll. His father reached for it but Fortis pulled back. 
“I’m sorry father,” he said. “But this one is addressed to Pulchra.”
He handed the scroll to his younger sister who opened it. 
“Dearest Pulchra,
I am the one whose affection you have stirred so completely. The thought of your union with any other male is unbearable to me. I present myself as a mate worthy of your noble birth for I am a king among my people. As such, I will not steal you from your family. A fit dowry shall be paid to your father which will double his wealth. I also guarantee that you shall be treated with the dignity fitting your position. Our union must be completely legitimate with you performing your people’s prescribed rites and I performing mine. If you agree to this proposal, leave a candle burning in your window tonight. When I see it I will have the dowry delivered before sunrise. Celebrate your marriage feast the next day in your town as I do the same in mine. That evening walk toward the setting sun and you shall be brought to me.
The Lord of These Lands”
When Pulchra finished reading the scroll, the house erupted into heated discussion. The magistrate, eager to double his fortune given his recent loses, ordered Pulchra to place a candle in her window immediately. Pulchra’s mother and sister burst into tears, urging the magistrate not to sell his most beautiful child. 
“It is the will of the gods, not only my father, that our sister enter this union,” Fortis’ strong voice cut through the others. “And I believe this god or whatever he may be to be of good character since he neither threatens nor insists on anything in his letter. However, we must see to it that our sister is not handed over to a vicious human prankster as father fears. Therefore, Pulchra, insist of your husband that you be allowed to visit your family after you have settled into your new home. If you have not returned to us within one week’s time, I will scour the country for you and butcher your husband with my own hands.”
Fortis’ words somewhat alleviated his mother’s and sister’s worry and so when Pulchra retired for the night she brought an extra-long candle to her room. 
“What do you think he will send?” Cara, who had chosen to stay with Pulchra for the night, asked.
“What?” Pulchra asked as she set the lit candle on the windowsill.
“The dowry he promised father,” Cara said sitting on the bed and beckoned Pulchra to join her.
“I couldn’t say,” said Pulchra as she pulled the pins out of her hair and the dark brown waves fell over her shoulders and down her back. “I don’t really care.”
“If he has a large estate it will be livestock,” Cara said as she turned toward her sister and began running a comb through her loosened tresses. “But if he is the king of one of the mountain tribes it could be furs or jewelry. Though, if he has connections in the south it could be imported sculptures, or dyed linens, or maybe even spices.”
Pulchra didn’t answer. She watched the shadows cast by the candle dancing against the wall as the comb continued to scratch its way through her hair. Outside a cart rumbled down the street and a soft breeze brought the scent of blooming flowers from the garden.
“You knew this day would come,” Cara said. “Since the day we were born Father has been planning which nobleman to marry us to. I remember the night before my wedding. You combed my hair and hugged me all night long. I was so young, so nervous. But men are not so terrible, even if they can be demanding.”
“It’s not that,” Pulchra whispered. “We knew Telon. We knew his family. We knew the benefits of uniting our families; the stability it would bring.”
“I know the uncertainties of this situation make it seem more difficult-“
“But it isn’t that either,” Pulchra interrupted her sister. “When Fortis left on campaign with the troops from the capital we did not know where he was going or if he would come back. But we knew that what he was doing would benefit the nation. It would be worth whatever sacrifice, and father was so proud of him.” She turned and looked into Cara’s eyes. “He was proud of you too, when you married Telon.”
“And he is proud of you,” Cara said and leaned forward to put her arm around Pulchra’s shoulders.
“But for what?” Pulchra turned away again and the comb resumed its work. “For compensating him for damages which were my fault to begin with?”
“He doesn’t blame you for that,” Cara said gently. “To tell you the truth I was surprised there wasn’t a riot when suitors started courting you. Your beauty is legendary. Travelers come miles out of their way just for the chance to catch a glimpse of you. And I can tell you that father has always been proud of you for that.”
“But don’t you see?” Pulchra sighed. “That’s exactly why my marriage is expected to be of greater benefit to the town. If I had married a powerful noble from the capital there might have been lowered taxes, cheaper tariffs-“
“Just a little pretentious are we Miss Beautiful?” interrupted Cara. 
Pulchra slouched and didn’t respond. Maybe it was pretentious of her to expect to be a great benefactress to Angustia, but both of her siblings had fulfilled their obligations and won their father’s appreciation. She couldn’t allow herself to do any less.
“Do you think father is right?” Pulchra asked. “That the one behind all this is a jealous townsmen who wants me for himself?”
“Let’s wait and see what the dowry is,” Cara replied. “If he is a simple man it will not be impressive and Fortis will deal harshly with him when he tries to deliver it. If he is a king, as he claims, then your marriage may turn out to be more beneficial than you imagined it would.”
The next morning three sacks of gold ingots and precious gems were found before the magistrate’s house. The sum of this treasure more than tripled his fortune. Fortis, who had been watching, had not seen who it was that delivered them. So the magistrate had the word spread that his youngest daughter was to be married and the entire town gathered in the marketplace for the marriage feast. 
Pulchra wore a simple white dress and her head was covered by a crimson veil. She was led through the crowd clutching her mother’s arm. Many of the town’s people shouted their congratulations, but Pulchra could hear others in the crowd whisper to each other.
“I hate to see her go, what will we do without Miss Pulchra?”
“Who could have paid a dowry large enough to merit such a sudden wedding?”
“It’s all very mysterious.”
“Where is the groom anyway?”
“Is it even possible to be married without the groom present?”
Before the columns of the temple a priest waited for the bride’s arrival. Once all of the prominent citizens had arrived a yearling bull was offered on the alter outside the temple. 
“A very good omen,” the priest announced after examining the bull’s liver. “The gods approve the match and predict a pleasant life for the newlyweds.”
Fresh fruit, bread, cheese, and beef were distributed to the crowd along with copious amounts of wine. The feast lasted throughout the afternoon. Everyone tried to catch a last look at the beautiful bride, but Pulchra did not look up from under her veil and she stayed close to her mother and siblings. 
As the day drew to a close the magistrate led a procession which would escort Pulchra to the edge of town. Cara handed Pulchra the small bag she had packed as they stood to follow. It was customary for a new bride to bring only a few things when she first entered her husband’s house. So Pulchra was only taking a few clothes, a bag of tea leaves imported from the south, and a small statue of Tutela, her guardian deity. She clutched the bag to her chest and looked down at the road as she walked. Seeing the familiar houses and shops for what very well may be the last time would only cause her to cry.
When the procession reached the city gates the magistrate embraced his daughter and pulled the veil away from her face.
“I am going to miss you, Pulchra,” he said. “You have made me very proud.”
Pulchra smiled, unable to stop the tears rolling down her cheeks. Then she said goodbye to her mother and sister. The last to say farewell was Fortis, who whispered, “Remember what I told you. Return within a week or I will come for you, no matter where he may take you.”
Pulchra nodded, then turned towards the setting sun and walked alone away from Angustia and into the forest.
Pulchra had never left town by herself before. Walking through the forest was so different from walking in her father’s orchard. There did not seem to be any direction from which a crack or a rustle did not issue. The sun continued to set and the wind felt unusually cold for the time of year. Pulchra shivered and kept walking. She should have asked her father to let her take a horse, she had never walked this far before. But then he likely would not have parted with any of his prized stallions, even for her. Angustia had long ago disappeared from view and still she had not met anyone. She had no idea how long she had been walking. How far must she go? Pulchra sighed, wrapped her cloak tighter around herself and continued walking.
She then wondered about the husband who was waiting for her, which made her shiver again. He was obviously generous since he had paid such a large dowry, but what kind of man would steal from her father to remove his rivals? Perhaps a man suffering the sweet pains of true love, but then why had he never presented himself to her father like the others? Well he was a spirit or some kind of supernatural being, perhaps he could not enter the town. Did that mean that he was grotesque or monstrous in appearance?
“Mistress,” Pulchra jumped when she heard the voice. “My name is Tobart. My master has sent me to escort you to his home.”
Pulchra turned to see the speaker descending from a tree. He had the appearance of a cat, but when he reached the ground he stood on his hind legs and bowed his head to her. He was slightly taller than Pulchra. He wore a red robe over his orange tabby fur and a small leather bag was slung over his shoulder.
“Please follow me,” Tobart said and gestured with a human like hand. He began down a path, still walking on two legs. It took Pulchra a few seconds to collect her wits and start after him.
“Excuse me, sir,” Pulchra asked as she caught up to him.
“Please, mistress,” Tobart bowed again. “I am a humble servant in your household. There is no reason for you to address me as ‘sir’.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Pulchra said sheepishly.
“No need to apologize, mistress.”
“So tell me, Tobart,” Pulchra asked. “Does my husband also resemble…your appearance?”
“Oh no, mistress. Lord Akaru is a greater daemon while I am merely a lesser daemon. I can also tell you that he is regarded as one of the most handsome of all greater daemons.”
Pulchra was happy to learn that her husband was not a large cat, but she still was no closer to being able to picture her mysterious spouse.
Pulchra followed Tobart in silence watching his tail curl and uncurl as he walked. The cat-man was completely at home in the woods. He agilely stepped over roots and held branches out of her way. Pulchra was so enthralled by him that she did not notice the lack of light until the sun completely disappeared behind the mountainside and cast the valley into darkness. Her eyes darted about searching for the curling tail, but she could only see vague shadows.
“Tobart!” she cried and held her hands out as she took two fast steps forward. A firm hand then caught her arm, halting her panicked flight.
“I am right here, mistress,” Tobart’s calm voice came from her left. “Can you not see me?”
“No I can’t,” Pulchra panted. She reached towards the voice. When her fingers touched a moist feline nose she quickly withdrew them.
“I am so sorry, mistress,” his voice stayed calm as he took her hand and guided it to his shoulder. “I knew men’s eyes are not sharp in the dark, but I did not realize just how acute the disability is. Please forgive me, mistress. Just a moment.”
“I can’t believe you can see with such little light,” Pulchra said. She heard rustling and then with a snap a flame appeared in Tobart’s hands. He had produced a lamp and a flint from his leather bag. 
“I am truly sorry, I am so embarrassed,” Tobart continued to apologize as he held the lamp out to her. “Would it be more convenient for you to hold the light or shall I hold it in front of you?”
“You can see without it?” Pulchra hesitated as she reached for the offered lamp. Tobart nodded and she took it from him, holding it before herself as he again started down the narrow path. 
Pulchra noticed that Tobart held his ears somewhat lower now than he had earlier. She hoped he wasn’t too disheartened. It had been an innocent enough mistake. Perhaps she should say something, but she couldn’t seem to find the right words. So she simply watched his tail in the lamplight as they continued into the woods. 
At length they came to a clearing. The lamp cast enough light for Pulcha to see that a lone tree of great girth and height stood in the center of the clearing.
“Good evening, Arb,” Tobart said approaching the tree whose boughs began to sway.
“So this is the beauty Akaru risks so much to wed,” a deep voice came from the tree. “Rather skinny if you ask me.”
“You are simply a gatekeeper,” Tobart hissed and stroked his long whiskers. “It is not fit for you to make such comments. Now open the door.”
Without another word, the trunk of the tree split down its center revealing a wooden door frame within the two halves. Beyond the frame a long, lit stairway extended upwards. Tobart stepped forward and began to climb the stairs. Pulchra swallowed hard and followed him. As she started up the stairs she caught a subtle scent of nuts. Looking over her shoulder she saw the tree fix itself back together blocking any chance of retreat. Nowhere to go but forward.
The stairway was not as tall as it first appeared and soon opened into a spacious atrium with a bubbling fountain at its center. Burning candles in niches illuminated the fine room. The walls were richly decorated with inlaid gold and silver as well as life-like paintings of mountains and streams. Pulchra understood why her husband could afford such a generous dowry, his wealth must be enormous.
“If you please, I will show you to your chambers, mistress,” Tobart took the lamp from her hand and led the way through one of the many doors leading out of the atrium, down a long corridor, and up a stairway to a landing which overlooked a beautifully arranged garden. He opened a door to reveal a room even more richly decorated than the atrium. The walls were again inlaid with gold and silver as well as fine pictures of Angustia nestled in its valley. The high ceiling was painted like the sky at sunrise and a large portion of the floor was covered with a bear skin. In the center of the room was a huge golden bed with two silver Cupids on the headboard. Closets and a vanity with a large mirror sat against the wall behind the bed. Pulchra reached into her bag and withdrew the statue of Tutela which she placed on the vanity.
“These shall be your chambermaids,” Tobart gestured to two young girls who had entered behind them. They both had a human form but with blue feathers on their heads rather than hair and long feathers like a peacock’s falling down their backs. Beneath the hem of their skirts Pulchra could also see that they had the scaled, wide toed feet of birds. “This is Celisha and Carmina. They will be able to get you anything you require. Rest well, mistress, I shall see you again in the morning.”
“Do you wish to retire, mistress?” Celisha asked as Tobart left the room. Her feathers ruffled slightly.
“First I should like to present myself to my husband,” Pulchra answered pulling off her cloak which Carmina stepped forward to take from her.”
“He is not at home at present,” Carmina said as she opened one of the closets to hang the cloak in.
“He will return late,” Celisha said. “He left instructions that you needn’t wait up for him.”
They brought Pulchra a white silk nightgown and put her dress in another closet. They then showed her the cord to pull to summon them, extinguished the lamps, and left her alone in the huge bed. It was not the wedding night Pulchra had anticipated. If her husband was so anxious to make her his wife, why did he delay their first meeting?
Despite the fatigue of her long walk and emotional upheaval, sleep was elusive for Pulchra. Each of the creatures she had met, with the exception of Arb, had been amiable towards her and her new household was exquisite. Surely she had been blessed with an advantageous marriage but her thoughts kept returning to questions about her husband and his mysterious absence.
As the night drew on and her thoughts continued to swirl in her head, Pulchra’s blood seemed to run cold and her heart beat fast in fear. She had the inexplicable sense of someone drawing ever closer though she neither saw nor heard anything. She lifted herself on her elbows but still seeing nothing and feeling her stomach grow nauseous as the thing grew closer, she lay back down and buried herself beneath the silk sheets. In her fear she cursed her fate for taking her from home, she cursed her family for urging her to go, and she cursed herself for agreeing.
It was at that time that Akaru returned to his home after celebrating marriage rites of his own. Knowing that his love was under the same roof produced in him a certain giddiness and he anxiously climbed the stairs to the room Pulchra was sleeping in. Tobart waited on the landing.
“Good evening, sir,” Tobart greeted his master as he stroked his whiskers.
“It is a wonderful evening, Tobart,” said Akaru putting his hands on Tobart’s shoulders. “Love has won a great victory today.”
“Sir, I must ask you not to enter,” Tobart said in a somber tone. “As you approached, I heard the mistress begin to whimper. It is as I warned you, she is fearful of the mere presence of a greater daemon.”
“Tobart, I never intended to speak with her tonight.” Though there was a longing in Akaru’s eyes Tobart felt he was being honest. “I just want to be close to her. I know it will take time for her to become accustomed to me.”
“Might I suggest, sir,” Tobart said. “That the middle of the night may not be the best time to begin the process. I shall remain close to her and someday soon perhaps you may approach.”
“You are right, of course,” Akaru said and took a step back. “My excitement has made me reckless. I shall spend the night under the stars and remain at a distance for a week’s time. Please express my affection to her though.”
“I shall, sir,” Tobart followed his master down the stairs.

***

Pulchra woke late the next morning having finally slept after her fearful fit had passed. Stretching, she sat up in bed only then realizing that she still felt a certain apprehension deep in the pit of her stomach. The feeling was not nearly as distressing as what she had felt the previous night and so she was not terribly worried. She pulled the cord to summon Celisha and Carmina and they entered the room a second later.
“Good morning, mistress,” they both said as they bowed to her. They then opened several closets filled with dresses of multiple styles and materials as well as expensive jewelry. Pulchra chose those which were most pleasing to her and dressed quickly.
“I would like to see my husband now, please,” Pulchra said.
“He returned last night and spoke with Tobart,” Carmina said as she shut the last closet door. “He left again then, I’m afraid. Would you like your breakfast now, mistress?”
“Yes, thank you,” Pulchra said. She was disappointed by the news that her meeting with her new husband was again delayed. Who was this man? Tobart and Arb had called him Akaru, but his name was really all Pulchra knew about him.
“Would you like to eat in your room, or in the garden, mistress?” Celisha asked.
“The garden,” Pulchra answered remembering her glimpse of the beautiful garden when she entered the house last night. It would be a pleasant environment for her meal. The chambermaids led the way out of the room, down the stairs, and around a corner to the garden where a small table and chair had been set.
“If it would be pleasing to you, mistress,” Celisha said as Pulchra sat down, “Carmina has made a dish of eggs and vegetables and I have baked fresh honey cakes. If this would not be pleasing to you, we will-”
“It sounds delicious,” Pulchra interrupted her. Celisha and Carmina disappeared into the house giving Pulchra a chance to appreciate the beautiful garden of brightly colored flowers. There were rose bushes and beds of lilies, daisies, tulips, and several flowers Pulchra had never seen before. There were also many carefully trimmed trees each with brilliant blossoms among their leaves. Little birds flew here and there lightly chirping.
Celisha and Carmina returned with the food and a pitcher of fresh milk which they set on the table before Pulchra. On the large plate set before her were hard boiled eggs that had been sliced and arranged on a bed of fried peppers, onions, and eggplant. On top of the eggs were small bits of broccoli and the entire dish had been drizzled with an oil. Three steaming honey cakes lay on a smaller plate. They had been made with whole wheat grains and crumbled easily when Pulchra lifted one to her mouth.
“This is wonderful,” Pulchra smiled as she chewed the sweet cake. The texture was a bit courser than other pastries she had eaten, but the taste was far sweeter.
“We are very glad it pleases you, mistress,” Celisha said. “We have never prepared human food before. We were not sure if you preferred the shells left on the eggs or not.”
Pulchra sampled the eggs and vegetables. She was happily surprised to realize that they had been salted. Salt was very expensive in Angustia and meals including salt were usually only eaten on holidays. She took another bite and remarked, “I certainly prefer my eggs without the shells. As it is, this is really delicious.”
“You see I told you she wouldn’t like the shells,” Carmina whispered to her sister.
Celisha just smiled and said, “You will have to tell us more about your tastes, mistress. Lord Akaru had suggested that you might enjoy these ingredients.”
“He did?” Pulchra asked.
“He also suggested that we offer the garden as a place to dine,” Carmina added.
“Apparently my husband knows me far better than I know him,” Pulchra sighed. Despite her frustration Pulchra was touched and even more curious. “How long have you been in his service?”
“Since his war against Lord Yikipo in the south,” Carmina’s feathers ruffled as she spoke. “Sixty three years ago.”
“You certainly do not show your age,” Pulchra laughed. When a somber look crossed her maids’ faces she pressed. “Tell me how you came to be in my husband’s service.”
“Our mother had been taken as a spoil of war by Lord Yikipo,” Celisha spoke softly. “We were born into harsh slavery.”
“Forced to work nonstop in Lord Yikipo’s household since the time we could walk,” Carmina looked down. “And to satisfy his every desire.”
“In the third decade of our lives.” Celisha continued, “our master launched an aggressive invasion of Lord Akaru’s territory claiming the life of his first wife.”
“Lord Akaru was married before?” Pulchra asked.
“Yes, to a daemon of great grace we have been told,” Celisha answered. “Though we never met her.”
“What happened after her death?” Pulchra was extremely curious to hear the whole story.
“Lord Akaru took the offensive with his battalions.” Celisha continued, “driving Yikipo’s forces back in defeat. As Lord Akaru drew close to his stronghold, Yikipo flew into a rage slaughtering all those in his household.”
“Lord Akaru was only able to save the two of us,” Carmina interjected.
“And then he took you into his service?” Pulchra asked.
“Not at first, mistress,” Celisha took up the story again. “At first he looked at us and said, ‘You poor children, you have suffered much. Go and make a good life for yourselves.’ But we fell on our knees and begged him to take us with him since we had nowhere to go and all of our family and friends were dead by Yikipo’s hand. Still he told us to embrace our new freedom but finally he relented as we shed tears and continued to plead with him. He brought us here and we have served him since.”
“And you are happy here?” Pulchra asked.
“Very happy, mistress,” Celisha said smiling.
“Lord Akaru is a kind master,” Carmina smiled too. “Far kinder than Lord Yikipo ever was. We are well fed and lightly worked and the last three days of every month he insists we do no work though we would be more than happy to.”
Even the servants in Pulchra’s father’s house would not be so complimentary toward their employer. Nor could they boast of such devotion for their master. Pulchra finished her breakfast quietly contemplating what she had heard.
“I am glad you found the food satisfactory, mistress,” Tobart appeared in the garden as Celisha and Carmina carried the dishes away.
“It was very good, thank you,” Pulchra smiled. “Celisha and Carmina were just telling me about Akaru. I understand you spoke with him last night.”
“Yes I did,” Tobart stroked his whiskers. “He returned late and stayed only briefly. He did ask me to tell you of his great affection for you.”
Pulchra nodded, but she wondered why Akaru had left so quickly on his wedding night if he felt such great affection for his wife.
“Could I show you the rest of the house?” Tobart asked interrupting Pulchra’s thoughts.
“Yes,” Pulchra said and rose out of her chair. She was anxious to explore her new home. Tobart led the way across the garden to a door on the far side.
“This is one of the store rooms,” Tobart said after Pulchra entered after him. “There are two more next to this one. Lord Akaru likes to keep them all well stocked.”
Pulchra was impressed by the size of the room and the variety of food stuffs stored there. Barrels were stacked along one wall, each with the name of its contents etched onto its side. There was an abundance of wheat, oats, rice, barley, and rye. There were also smaller supplies of salt, cumin, cloves, ground pepper, mustard, and other spices. Dried herbs and meats hung from the ceiling. Along the opposite wall were the tops of large ceramic jars. Pulchra had heard of merchants using this method of storing liquids. Huge jars were buried in the earth with only the lids on top visible on the surface. Aside from saving space this also kept the contents at a lower temperature which helped to keep them fresh. The lids, like the barrels, were labeled and Pulchra saw that they held white and red wine, honey, olive oil, and vinegar.
All these things seemed quite normal, but as Pulchra walked through the store room she noticed a few oddities mixed in with the normal items. One of the buried jars was labeled “pickled kidneys”, another “crushed beetles”, and yet another “deer’s blood”.
“Tobart,” Pulchra said as a slight shudder ran through her. “What are these?”
“Food, mistress,” Tobart answered following her gaze. “A daemon’s taste in food is often quite particular. Some have a taste for one particular animal, some for a particular organ. Of course there are some who prefer certain plants. Lord Akaru tends toward the carnivorous side, though he does enjoy a number of different organs. Kidneys, livers, hearts. Pickled mostly but also roasted or smoked. The insects are for Celisha and Carmina. Beetles are one of their favorites.”
“And what about you?” Pulchra shuddered again. “You drink the blood?”
“Oh no, mistress!” Tobart said and twitched his nose. “I have never met a daemon who had such peculiar tastes. The blood is used as an ingredient in several delicacies which Lord Akaru serves to guests.”
Pulchra’s breakfast was threatening to make a reappearance. She put her hand over her mouth and swallowed hard. Her father had entertained guests from distant lands who had spoken of their native dishes. Many had sounded appalling to her, though she had never heard of a stranger menu than the one Tobart had just described.
“Are the other rooms as large as this one?” Pulchra asked to change the subject. She did not want to enquire further into Tobart’s personal preferences in regards to diet.
“Yes mistress,” Tobart said walking across the room. “These stores could feed the household for several months. If you would follow me, the kitchen is just through here.”
He opened another door, which Pulchra had not noticed, and ushered her through. She was not exactly enthusiastic about seeing the place where these odd dishes were prepared.
The kitchen turned out to be rather ordinary. On one wall a stream of water flowed from a spout into a trough and down a drain providing a constant supply. In the center of the room was a hearth with a tripod and kettle over it. In front of the hearth sat a small table and against the opposite wall were a large counter and an oven.
“Celisha and Carmina prepare all the meals here,” Tobart said. “Unless it would please you to prepare some on your own.”
“I did cook occasionally in my father’s house,” Pulchra said, though she was still thinking about the contents of the storeroom. “So I may.”
“As you wish, mistress,” said Tobart. He walked out of the kitchen and down a corridor. Pulchra followed. She did not mean to be offensive about the daemons’ food. After all she had not been offered any offensive dishes, and the breakfast she had been served had been wonderful.
The corridor led to the exquisite atrium. Tobart continued down another of the many corridors leading out of the atrium.
“If I may ask, mistress,” Tobart said turning to her just before they entered the next room. “Can you read?”
“Yes,” Pulchra was confused by the question until she saw where they were. The room they entered was a library with an impressive collection of scrolls stacked neatly on shelves. “I was taught to read my own language as well as that of the peoples of the south.”
“You may be interested in this section then,” Tobart indicated a row of shelves. “These are the works of the poets and philosophers of your nation and over here are works written in the southern tongue. Whenever possible Lord Akaru purchases literary works. Many here he was only able to borrow and then copied himself.”
“He is very well educated then,” Pulchra surmised.
“Oh indeed, mistress,” Tobart said smiling. “His territory encompasses many human populations and he does his best to learn each of their tongues. I am proud to say that I have learned most along with him. If you wish to read a work in one of the other sections I would be happy to translate it for you.”
“Thank you, Tobart,” Pulchra said and smiled back at him. “I believe there is plenty for me to start with here, but someday I may take you up on your offer. Which room shall we see next?”
“Follow me please,” Tobart led the way back to the atrium and then down another corridor. Nothing could have prepared Pulchra for what she saw next.
Pulchra had never seen any building nearly as large as this room was. The vaulted ceiling rose many hundreds of feet. It was supported by two rows of massive marble columns. Despite being so far away Pulchra could clearly see mythical flying creatures painted on the ceilings. Dragons, harpies, winged horses, and griffins played among fluffy white clouds. The room was just as wide as it was tall and twice as long. A checkered pattern of different colored stones spread over the floor and the walls were lined with gilded relief sculpture.
“What is this room?” Pulchra gaped up at the ceiling.
“A banquet hall, a dance floor, a conference room, any purpose Lord Akaru needs it for,” Tobart answered. The end of his tail curled. “Though I don’t think he was thinking of any of those purposes when he had it built. He often comes to this room by himself.”
“And what does he do here?” Pulchra asked.
“Mostly the same thing you are doing,” Tobart smiled. “He stares at the ceiling and dreams.”
“You could stare at it for hours and see something new each minute,” Pulchra whispered just noticing several little cherubs darting around the capitals of the columns.
“Would you like me to bring a chair for you, mistress?” Tobart asked. “I can get one which reclines so you will not strain your neck as you look upwards.”
“No, thank you Tobart,” Pulchra replied and finally tore her eyes away after thinking for a few seconds. “Another time. I would like to see the rest of the house first.”
“Very well, mistress.” 
Tobart led the way back to the atrium. Pulchra looked over her shoulder still fascinated by the huge room.
They took yet another corridor out of the atrium and this one led them outside the house. The space they entered was a sheltered grotto inaccessible except by way of the house. A stream filled a pool with crystal clear water. Pulchra was surprised to see stream rising from the pool.
“It’s beautiful, is it heated?” Pulchra asked.
“Not by us, mistress,” Tobart answered. “The water is already heated when it exits the earth.”
“I have heard of springs like this in the south, but I have never seen one,” Pulchra said and knelt at the water’s edge dipping her fingers below the surface. It was hot, though not painfully so. “Akaru bathes here?”
“Yes, mistress, and of course you may as well whenever you like.”
“Do you and the others also make use of it?”
“Lord Akaru does allow us to,” said Tobart. His tail twitched slightly. “Personally I find it a bit too hot for my taste. Celisha and Carmina do enjoy it, but I will see to it that they wait to bathe until after you retire for the night so that they do not inconvenience you.”
“That won’t be necessary, I’m sure we can work around each other’s schedules.”
“As you wish, mistress.”
Tobart again led the way back to the atrium and turned down the corridor which led to the garden and the stairs to Pulchra’s room.
“There are guest rooms adjacent to the garden on the first floor,” he said pointing past the stairs. “Further along are rooms for Celisha, Carmina, and myself. The garden stands here between the bedrooms and the kitchen.”
“A very impressive home,” Pulchra had never seen nor even heard of a more impressive residence.
After touring the house, Pulchra returned to the table set out in the garden.
“I will send Celisha and Carmina to you, mistress,” Tobart excused himself and disappeared in the direction of the kitchen.
The maids brought Pulchra a lunch of ham and well-aged cheese. Again Akaru had selected the menu. During the meal, the apprehension in her stomach rose to a level of anxiety and she could not suppress a shudder. She was about to return to her room when a sweet melody floated through the garden followed by a low, energetic voice singing in a language Pulchra did not recognize. The voice rose and fell, filled with strong emotion. It had such a tone, such a range, even the greatest performers at the theater in Angustia could not compare to this voice.
“Who is that talented singer with such a fine voice?” Pulchra asked.
“That is Lord Akaru himself,” Celisha said grinning. “He often sings as he walks through the forest. He truly does have a fine voice.”
Despite her anxiety, Pulchra stayed and listened to her husband sing wondering if the song heralded his return. But he did not present himself so Pulchra asked Tobart to bring a chair to the large room. With a scroll from the library, she spent the afternoon reading and admiring the clouds and creatures painted high above her and remembering the sweet song she had heard at lunch.
Akaru was overjoyed that evening when Tobart told him how Pulchra had reacted to his singing.
“You see, my friend?” he exclaimed. “Love overcomes all obstacles. I was only a hundred paces from the house while I was singing.”
“A hundred paces is hardly overcoming the obstacle,” Tobart stroked his whiskers. “It is also hardly the usual distance between spouses.”
“But it is a start, Tobart, a good start.”

***

The next day, a beautiful song entertained Pulchra not only during lunch but during dinner as well. Celisha and Carmina giggled in obvious excitement that their master and mistress were making some connection. Pulchra spent her time reading in the large room and walking in the garden. Tobart was often nearby ready to answer any questions about the household, daemons, and Akaru.
“You see, mistress,” he explained as they perused the library in the afternoon. “When the gods created daemons they created a single race with many natures. Unlike men whom the gods created with a single nature.”
“You mean the greater and lesser daemons you spoke of before?” Pulchra asked.
“Not quite mistress, though that is related,” Tobart answered. “A daemon’s nature dictates certain traits that are apparent in him. His appearance, preferences, and habits. For instance Celisha and Carmina have an avian nature, and so they have feathers and prefer a diet of insects and berries.”
“Oh, so you mean that each daemon is like a different animal?”
“Basically, though some daemons have natures that are not manifested among animal species.”
“Really? How many different natures are there?”
“Many hundred,” Tobart said and gave one of his large ears a few quick scratches in a very feline manner. Pulchra had an urge to pet his orange head, but she stopped herself as he continued his lesson. “No one has ever catalogued all of them. But the daemon’s nature is not like an animal’s species since, with a few exceptions, different species cannot produce children with members of other species. A goat cannot bear the kid of a duck and a duck cannot lay the egg of a crocodile. All daemons, though, are of the same race, and so mixing natures can produce children.”
 “Like a mule,” said Pulchra. “The offspring of a horse and a donkey which has characteristics of both its parents.”
“Yes, mistress, it is similar,” Tobart replied. “Though a mule is a desirable offspring, a useful animal. The children of two greater daemons with differing natures are significantly lesser than either of their parents and are therefore called lesser daemons.”
“Lesser in what way?” Pulchra asked as she frowned at the notion. 
“Many ways,” Tobart said and he continued speaking before Pulchra could ask another question. “Lesser daemons cannot then produce greater offspring. The children of lesser daemons, even if their natures are the same, will always be lesser daemons as well. Greater daemons are only born to two greater daemon parents of compatible natures. Because of this, in the past daemons lived in clans with others of their own nature.”
“I suppose that makes a certain sense,” Pulchra said as she brushed a strand of hair off her face. “They do not live in clans any longer?”
“Not for many generations,” Tobart answered. “Fierce rivalries developed between clans. Many daemons died in clan wars. Eventually clans banded together in order to gain safety and stability. It is the norm now in most of the world for a lord, or in some cases a lady, to be the head of these coalitions and maintain that safety and stability.”
“So Akaru is a type of a king among his people, as he said,” Pulchra whispered more to herself than to Tobart. Thinking back on what Celisha and Carmina had told her of their early lives Pulchra asked, “What becomes of the lesser children? Are they often mistreated?”
“Those of us in Lord Akaru’s domain are very fortunate,” Tobart stroked his whiskers. “Far more fortunate than most.”
There was a look in Tobart’s eye that Pulchra could not identify. She was curious to know more, but not sure if it would be rude to ask. 
“Please do not worry for us, mistress,” Tobart said when he noticed Pulchra’s concern. “Celisha, Carmina, and myself have a good life and a good home in this house. Lord Akaru has helped us to forget the injustices of the past.”
Tobart smiled showing his pointed fangs. Then he silently stroked his whiskers as his eyes looked at nothing in particular. Pulchra turned back to the shelf of scrolls.
Celisha and Carmina were also attentive to their new mistress. Whenever their household duties allowed, they also remained nearby, eager to be helpful. Pulcha had worried when she left her mother and sister that she would no longer have opportunities to enjoy the company of other women, so she was glad to have her maids. They were very curious to learn more about human food so she taught them how to grind wheat grains into flour and bake bread and also how to steep tea. She found it amusing to watch their feathers ruffle as they chattered or puff out when they were startled. One afternoon Celisha forgot that she had left a pot over the fire in the kitchen. When she smelled something burning the long peacock feathers rose from where they rested against her back and spread like a halo around her head as she ran to the kitchen.
“I hope it wasn’t anything important,” Pulchra giggled.
“No, no,” Carmina said, giggling too. “I think it was just a snack for Tobart. He will have to nibble on some of his grass.”
“Tobart eats grass?” Pulchra was surprised.
“Only one particular variety,” Carmina said. “He found it in another part of Lord Akaru’s territory and brought some here. When Lord Akaru planted the garden Tobart had to move his grass into one corner of the courtyard.”
“Why did Akaru plant the garden?”
“For you, mistress,” Carmina smiled. “He traveled all through his domain collecting the most beautiful flowers. He said he wanted to send a bouquet to you for your next birthday, but he could not decide on which flower was the most beautiful. So he planted them all here and said he would spread their seeds near the town so that you could see all of them.”
Pulchra was touched and again wished she could speak to her husband.
The mealtime songs continued for days. It did not escape Pulchra’s notice that the coming of her anxiety and the coming of the beautiful music always occurred simultaneously and she wondered if this was related to her husband’s prolonged absence.
“Tobart,” Pulchra asked one afternoon after listening to another of Akaru’s songs. “Akaru is so close, why does he not return home?”
“He wishes to give you ample time to become accustomed to the household,” Tobart said stroking his whiskers.
“Does he not wish to see me?”
“Oh, mistress,” Tobart sighed. “I can tell you with absolute certainty that he very much wants to see you.”
Pulchra did not understand her husband’s reasoning. He had written of his deep love and brought her to his home and yet he had left her completely alone. Well that was not entirely true. She did enjoy the company of Celisha, Carmina, and Tobart. Their odd appearances did not startle her anymore. Was that why Akaru did not show himself? Because he worried she would be shocked by his appearance. Was he so vain? Or was the reason somehow related to the anxiety she felt when she heard him singing?
On the fifth day she remembered Fortis’ words and called Tobart to her.
“Tobart. I will be visiting my family tomorrow,” she informed him.
“Very well, mistress,” Tobart stroked his whiskers. “I shall inform Celisha and Carmina to prepare for your departure. Do you wish them to accompany you?”
“No, they would startle the townspeople,” Pulchra said. “I’ll go alone.”
“As you wish, mistress.”
Tobart bowed and retreated. He must have told Akaru shortly afterward because the song at dinner that evening was filled with melancholy.
The next morning Akaru must have approached very near the house for Pulchra awoke to a sense of dread and her stomach churning. She summoned Celisha and Carmina and ordered them to pack her a breakfast of pastries while she dressed. She did not wait for their return but pulled her cloak on, snatched the statue of Tutela from the vanity, and went down the stairs. She met her maids in the atrium.
“You don’t wish us to pack more clothes for you, mistress?” Celisha asked as she handed Pulchra a cloth bag containing her breakfast.
“No thank you, Celisha,” Pulchra accepted the bag. “I left all of my old clothes at my parents’ house.”
“Please return quickly, mistress,” said Carmina. She did not look Pulchra in the eye.
“I will,” Pulchra answered then quickly walked down the stairs, again smelling nuts. The door at the bottom of the stairs was already open. She stepped out into the forest clearing and as she walked across it she heard a soft “Good riddance.” Then as she entered the forest, she heard Akaru singing in the distance and almost turned around, but she did not.
She walked faster down the path through the trees. Her stomach settled more the further she walked. When she passed the spot where she had first met Tobart, she reached into the bag and ate one of the pastries. It tasted amazing yet completely different from anything she had ever tasted before, like so many things she had experienced in the past days.
After more than hour walking she finally exited the forest and walked across the fields and into Angustia. People in the streets stopped to offer her a warm smile and a “welcome home”. These were the faces she knew, the places she knew, this was home. News of her return spread and her family met her in the street in front of their parents’ home. She threw herself into her mother’s arms, tears flowing down her cheeks. Then she also embraced her father, her brother, and her sister.
“Welcome home, Pulchra,” her father said and ushered her inside. Then he called to his servants, “Bring the finest wine and fresh cheese.”
Fortis pulled his sister aside and asked, “Are you alright? Did he hurt you at all?”
“No, Fortis, I am fine,” Pulchra assured him and turned to follow the others.
The family sat together and listened as Pulchra recounted all that had happened to her. She did not tell, however, that she had never seen her husband’s face, or that she suspected that the fear she felt was related to his absence. She also said nothing about her attendants’ odd appearances. Thankfully her family was much more interested in the opulent household she inhabited.
“Truly you have married a king,” her sister Cara said, with a hint of envy in her voice. Pulchra smiled and ate a piece of cheese which tasted quite bland compared to the cheese she had eaten in her husband’s house. After a time, her mother suggested the family move their conversation to the dining room so they might eat lunch while they talked. Pulchra almost suggested that they eat in the garden, but stopped herself. There would be no sweet songs to be heard in her father’s garden.
That evening Fortis, Cara, and Telon left the magistrate’s house that evening to return to their own homes. Fortis smiled at his older sister.
“I am relieved to hear that our younger sister is so well cared for,” he said.
“As am I,” Cara agreed. Then once Fortis entered his home she turned to her husband. “She certainly does like to speak of her new found wealth and attentive servants.”
“But you know, my dear,” Telon said. “There are no such places in the valley.”
“None owned by any nobleman,” Cara lowered her voice. “She must be wed to a barbaric bandit. That would explain his wealth and he’s probably served by his kidnapped slaves. Didn’t you notice how she spoke so little of the man she has wed?”
“I did indeed,” Telon said thoughtfully. “Your theory would explain her reluctance. She must be afraid we will discover this shameful secret.”

***

Pulchra slept very well that night, but when she woke she felt something was missing. Her stomach did not so much as flutter when she rose from bed. She enjoyed a pleasant morning with her parents and they were joined by her siblings in the afternoon.
Together the family walked through the marketplace to make an offering at the temple in thanks for Pulchra’s good fortune. The marketplace was busy, as it always was in the afternoon. People rushed here and there trying to find the best deal, while others conversed idly and slowly meandered between the stalls. As the magistrate passed the merchants greeted him and held up their wares promising him a discount if he would favor them with his business.
“Madam Pulchra, look here,” a cloth merchant called holding out a bolt of deep purple material. “Newly imported from the south, impossible to find anywhere else. Let me give you a special price as a wedding gift.”
Pulchra looked away and kept walking. She had never been addressed as “Madam” before and she had never been approached directly by a merchant in the marketplace. They always offered their bargains to her father or mother.
“You will have to get used to that, sister,” Cara whispered seeing Pulchra’s reaction. “Now that you are the lady of a household. Though of course your household doesn’t need anything from this market.”
“Oh, they expect me to be buying things for my new home,” Pulchra said blushing. “But I didn’t bring any money with me, I-”
“Don’t worry about it, just smile and follow Father,” Fortis said squeezing her shoulder. “They get plenty of business from him anyway.”
Pulchra was careful not to make eye contact with any of the other merchants. A priest met them outside the temple. As a girl Pulchra had been so awed by the height of the temple’s columns. Now when she looked up at them it seemed as though they had shrunk. They did not rise nearly as high as the columns in Akaru’s huge room, and there were no winged creatures playing around their capitols.
The magistrate presented the goose he had bought for the offering to the priest. Pulchra piously bowed her head as the priest recited the prayers, but her thoughts were elsewhere. If she was at home now then why did she keep thinking about the house in the forest? If she was with the people she loved then why did she want to see Akaru now more than ever? She had never even glimpsed him.
That evening in her old bedroom she stared out the window at the side of the mountain. Where exactly was the clearing where Arb stood and how could the tree be the door into the big house? Was Akaru back at home? Was he sleeping in the bed with the silver Cupids on the headboard? Pulchra shook her head and settled back on her own bed. It was over now. It was all just a misadventure, a bad dream. She was home, she was still untouched by man, she would marry a normal nobleman and live a normal life with her family.
When Pulchra woke the next morning, though, she was determined to put all thoughts of marriage and husbands from her mind. The magistrate was scheduled to address the city council that day, which included both Fortis and Telon. So after breakfast the men of the family left for the council chambers and Pulchra begged Cara to come with her to the theater.
“We haven’t seen a play together for ages,” she pleaded. “Come on, we can buy lunch from the vendors and stay for the comedy this afternoon.”
“Alright, alright Pulchra,” Cara said and followed her sister out the door. “But I have to go to the butcher shop before dinner.”
Pulchra could still remember the first time she had visited the theater. It was a small theater compared to the ones in the big cities but it had seemed huge to her. It had been Cara who had begged to go to the performance that time so their father took the entire family. The play had been a tragedy about a king who was commanded by a goddess to sacrifice his eldest daughter. Pulchra had cried so hard when the princess died that they had to leave the theater.
“Why are you so upset?” Cara had asked crossly. “It was the older daughter who died, her little sister was still fine. The father would never hurt the little daughter.”
Despite the experience, Pulchra loved the theater. She had often gone with her siblings while their father was busy with the town’s affairs. Of course as they grew older and concerned with their own affairs they were able to enjoy a performance together less and less frequently.
So Pulchra was very glad to have the chance to see a play with her sister. It would be the perfect way to spend the day. Entertainment, fantasy, no serious thoughts about husbands and futures.
“Welcome home, Pulchra,” her mother greeted her that evening. “Did you enjoy the performance?”
“Yes,” Pulchra said unenthusiastically.
“Where is Cara?” her mother asked.
“She had to do some shopping,” Pulchra said as she walked past her mother.
“Dinner will be ready soon so don’t go far,” her mother called after her.
Pulchra nodded, but she wasn’t thinking about food. The play had been a good distraction and Pulchra had forgotten her situation until the end. Near the end of the play the hero slew a female warrior. When he removed the helmet from her corpse, he was moved by the sight and mourned for her. He wailed and cried over her, wondering what might have occurred had they met in a setting other than the battlefield. Would they have become friends? Possibly lovers? Maybe even married and had children? Would they have grown old together and died decades later still loving each other? He would never know. He had lost her before he had even known her.
Pulchra wondered, could a man be so tormented by such thoughts after simply seeing a woman? If so, did Akaru feel the same way? Pulchra was not dead, but she had left before she had met him. Was he mourning his loss even now? Was he wondering what might have occurred if they had met casually before being married? But he was a daemon, he could not have presented himself as a suitor to her father could he? Could he have even presented himself to her? Had he followed what appeared to be the best course of action and found only heartache now that she was gone?
And what about her? If she had met Akaru, spoken to him and spent time with him, how would she feel about him? Would she love him? And now? Now that she was far from him, did she also feel a sense of loss? Had she missed an opportunity to find true happiness?
Pulchra continued to think for days after the play. She spent many happy hours with her family, but her thoughts continued to return to Akaru. 
“You do not seem to be in a hurry to return to your husband,” Cara said to her sister one afternoon.
“I enjoy the company of my family,” Pulchra answered smiling. “Though I do miss Akaru’s singing. You should hear him, Cara, such an amazing voice. And the garden he prepared for me, and the meals he plans for me.”
Pulchra’s gaze grew distant. Cara noticed something change in her expression and was not terribly surprised the next day when Pulchra announced that she would be leaving that afternoon.
Their mother cried again saying goodbye but Pulchra was much less distressed at this parting than at her previous one. When she turned to bid farewell to her brother, Fortis put his hands on her shoulders and fixed her with a concerned gaze.
“Are you sure this is what you want?” he asked.
“No, I’m not,” Pulchra answered. “But I have made up my mind. I don’t know if I will stay, but I have to return.”
Book 2
Pulchra hurried into the forest and on to the place where she had first encountered Tobart. She turned and ran down the path toward the clearing, each step causing her heart to beat faster in anticipation. Today, she would see his face today.
“Arb!” she called as she entered the clearing. “Open the door.”
The thick tree’s boughs shifted only slightly and in a monotone voice he stated, “You’re back.”
“Yes. Open the door.”
“I didn’t think you would come back,” Arb’s boughs stopped moving. “Everyone else hoped and prayed for your return, but I didn’t think you would come.”
“Arb!” Pulchra cried, her voice growing harsh. “I am back and I am mistress of this house. Now open the door!”
The big tree finally split open and Pulchra ran up the stairs. As soon as she entered the atrium, she felt the same cold fear she had felt her first night in the house.
“Mistress,” Tobart gasped as he entered the atrium and started stroking his whiskers. “You should probably-”
“I know he’s here, Tobart,” Pulchra said and ran past him down the corridor to the huge room with the vaulted ceiling painted with flying creatures. “I want to see him.”
When she burst into the room, she stopped, heart pounding. He was standing at the far side of the huge room staring at the wall. He had the features of a man, a strong man. And he was tall, at least a head taller than Fortis, with light blond hair that fell in waves over his shoulders. Step by step Pulchra slowly made her way across the floor toward him. She spotted three tails protruding from beneath the hem of his white tunic, each curled and uncurled as Tobart’s single tail sometimes would. When she was mere steps away she noticed that the nails on his fingers were long and sharp and that his ears were also quite large and pointed. Besides these unique features, he was a man of stunning beauty. 
“Perhaps you’re right, Tobart, maybe she won’t come-” Akaru stopped as he turned around and looked at his wife. His eyes were big and a striking golden color. “I’m sorry!”
“No,” Pulchra said and grabbed his arm as he moved to leave. “Don’t go, Akaru. I have to see you. I’m not frightened. The fear has turned to something else; awe maybe, maybe even love. That’s what I came back to find out.”
Akaru turned back to her. His golden eyes again met her’s. There was not one blemish on his skin, not a mark or line on his face. Each pale hair of his head lay in its proper place. His shoulders were broad and each one of his limbs was muscular. In every way he was the ideal image of masculinity. Despite Pulchra’s widely known beauty, had Akaru been seen even once in the markets of Angustia her fame would have vanished into obscurity. His beauty was beyond that of any mortal, it was the beauty reserved only for the divine.
Gingerly she inched closer to him, reaching a hand to his youthful face. His eyes closed as her fingers touched his soft cheek. For a long moment they just stood. Then he gathered her into his arms and though she breathed sharply, she did not turn away as he kissed her.
“So tell me, Pulchra,” he asked still holding her. “What is it you feel?”
“It’s love,” she whispered and smiled up at him. He smiled back then lifted her off her feet and carried her to the bedroom with the big golden bed with the two silver Cupids on the headboard.
The next morning, Pulchra woke with Akaru’s arm around her shoulders and one of his tails wrapped around her waist. Being this close to him made her heart pound but it was not because of his powerful presence. Looking at his handsome face she knew that she was truly in love. Thinking that this morning she would arrange breakfast for both of them she decided to quietly slip out of the room and find Celisha and Carmina. She slowly sat up and reached down to unwind the tail around her waist, but as soon as she touched the fur on it Akaru stirred and opened his eyes.
“You leaving me again, gorgeous?” he asked wrapping a second tail around her waist.
“Yes,” Pulchra giggled at him. “Though this time I intended to bring back breakfast.”
“No need for that,” Akaru said rolling to his side of the bed. He wrapped a silk robe around himself, helped Pulchra into a second one, and led her out of the room. “I woke up while you were still sleeping and arranged our meal.”
“You think of everything,” Pulchra said looking down into the garden where the table had been set for two among a myriad of blooming flowers. Celisha and Carmina appeared with trays of food as the couple descended the stairs. The meal was the most amazing Pulchra had ever tasted and was made all the sweeter since she was able to look into Akaru’s golden eyes as he sang to her. She was careful though not to look at what was on his plate. They spent the rest of the day, indeed the rest of the week, in each other’s arms or walking hand-in-hand through the house or the forest.
Akaru could not recall a time when there had been more joy in his household. The cheerfulness Pulchra radiated seemed stronger than Akaru’s own presence. It permeated through each room and warmed his heart. He was indeed surprised and pleased by how quickly she had become accustomed to his presence. She claimed that it no longer caused her any discomfort and she actually missed it when he was not near. But they did not stray far from each other.
“Do you have any plays from foreign lands?” Pulchra asked one afternoon in the library.
“Yes, many,” Akaru said, smiling at his wife. “I have had few occasions to see plays performed. Few daemons are interested in theatrical arts and I must observe human performers from a distance. So whenever I can I send Tobart to purchase scripts. He has become quite skilled at moving among humans without giving himself away. Most scripts he is only able to borrow and I then make copies so I can at least read them if I cannot see them performed.”
“I would so love to see performances on the grand stages of other lands,” Pulchra said. She was glad to learn that her husband shared one of her interests. “I have seen nearly all of the ones written in this country. I wish I could read more of the scripts you have collected, but I do not understand most of the languages.”
“Then I shall teach you, and perhaps together we can stage our own performances,” Akaru said. He gathered a number of scrolls and the couple made their way to the huge room with the painted ceiling. When Celisha came to call her master and mistress to their dinner that evening she found them each holding masks before their faces, strutting about the floor shouting haughty lines at each other. When they noticed her, the recitations devolved into laughter and they fell to the floor clutching their sides. 
“I’m not sure we are ready for an audience yet,” said Akaru as he helped Pulchra to her feet.
“Certainly not with me mispronouncing every other word,” Pulchra giggled. “Or you tripping over your costume.”
They chuckled through their meal and then retired to their room for the night, but they continued their play acting the next day. Akaru wished each day could continue to be so joyous and entertaining. 
However, Tobart was quick to remind Akaru that the other greater daemons in his domain had had no contact with their king for some time. In the past he would have organized a feast immediately, but he was unsure how his human wife would handle the presences of a house full of greater daemons.
“Pulchra,” he asked that evening. “Do you ever sense other greater daemons nearby?”
“No,” she said and looked at him curiously. “Are there others nearby?”
“A number of them, yes,” Akaru hesitated. “And it is inevitable that you will meet many of them.”
“I would like nothing better,” Pulchra said smiling. “You are their king are you not? You have an obligation to your people and as your wife so do I.”
“I worry for you, my love,” Akaru said reaching over and putting his palm on Pulchra’s cheek, careful not to let his claws touch her delicate skin. “You have adjusted to, and even come to enjoy, my presence, but each daemon’s presence is unique. While one may be pleasant for you, another may be completely unbearable.”
“But you will be with me while we meet with the other daemons, won’t you?” said Pulchra. She looked only mildly distressed.
“Of course I will.”
“Then I will have nothing to fear.” 
Pulchra smiled, but Akaru was still not convinced that she would be able to withstand being in the presence of more than four greater daemons at most and so a feast was out of the question. Thus the only alternative was to visit daemons individually at their own homes, however, doing so was also not without its own drawbacks.

***

“Celisha, my girl,” Tobart said leaning back in his chair. He smiled and licked his lips clean. “No one under the vast heavens can fry a rat the way you can.”
“Why thank you, Tobart,” Celisha giggled as she washed the dishes. “I must say no one can catch them in the numbers you do. Indeed no rodent should dare to come near you.”
“You do indeed have a wonderful arrangement,” Carmina said as she dried the dish Celisha handed her. “He loves to catch them and she loves to cook them.”
“Thank you a thousand times, dear ladies,” Tobart said rising from the table. “And sweet dreams to you both.”
He left the kitchen through the door leading to the garden and made his way toward his room of the far side. Halfway down a winding, flowered path he caught sight of his master staring up at the stars with his tails sweeping back and forth.
“Are we going to war?” Tobart asked as he followed Akaru’s gaze to the stars.
“Don’t tempt fate, my friend,” Akaru sighed. “I pray we will never have to again.”
“As do I, sir, however, there have been few occasions when I have seen that look on your face and I remember each of them. Most preceded a difficult battle.”
“And you are right to guess that I am worried,” said Akaru. He folded his arms across his chest and looked at Tobart. “Everything has come together so well I fear the changes the full truth may bring.”
“Sir, there is no reason to doubt your wife’s affection,” Tobart said. “And to be honest you should be speaking to her about this, but I must say I am quite sure I know what it is you are pondering and it would be unjust of you to continue to hide aspects of yourself from the girl. Besides that, you would be a fool to risk upsetting her by keeping secrets.”
“You are far wiser than your years would suggest, Tobart,” Akaru sighed. “I shall show her tomorrow.”
The next morning Akaru did not sing at breakfast. In fact, he barely spoke.
“Akaru,” Pulchra spoke. “I wish you would confide in me if something is troubling you.”
“I intend to,” Akaru replied. “Today shall mark an end to all secrets between us which is why I am nervous.”
“But, Akaru,” Pulchra said putting her hand on his. “You know how true my love for you is. My heart is so full of love there is no room for any bitter emotions. Besides, I already know of your first wife who was slain in your fight with Yikipo.”
“Yes, Celisha and Carmina informed me that they had told you,” Akaru said and he stood. Pulchra also stood and stepped around the table to stand next to him.
“What was her name?” she asked.
“Her name was Talecta,” Akaru sighed. He turned to look into his wife’s eyes.
“You truly loved her, didn’t you?” Pulchra asked as she met his gaze.
Akaru didn’t know how to answer. If he told the truth, would his new wife feel slighted? Though how could he betray his first love and tell a lie? All he could seem to do was to hold his wife’s gaze in silence.
“You don’t have to say any more,” she smiled up at him. “In Angustia I knew many girls who were married to men who had lost their wives and married a second time. Cherish the memories you have of her, so long as you also cherish the time you have with me. Then there will be no reason for me to be jealous of a memory.”
“Thank you, my love,” Akaru said and wrapped his arms around Pulchra. “You truly are a treasure. However, that is not what I was going to reveal to you. Today we will be visiting other greater daemons.”
“But we have already discussed this. You know it does not concern me as long as you are with me.”
“It is not who you will be visiting that worries him, mistress,” Tobart said walking up behind her. “It is how you will be traveling.”
“What do you mean?” Pulchra asked in confusion.
“Pulchra, each greater daemon can take on a human-like shape, such as how you see me now,” Akaru said and took a step away. “But this is not the only shape we assume. If it displeases you, you will never see it again. I only ask that you witness this once.”
With that, Akaru began to grow and change. Pulchra stood and had to put her hand on Tobart’s shoulder to steady herself. Akaru took on feline characteristics with fur the same color as his blonde hair sprouting on his body and face. He stood on all fours and his shoulders rose over two stories off the ground. His tails grew sharp spikes on their tips and gossamer wings sprouted from his back. Between the wings along his back protruded a row of sharp, bony spines.
Pulchra smiled recalling the time she had met Tobart and worried that her husband was a large cat. In fact, he was a giant, winged cat and she loved him.
“Oh, Akaru!” Pulchra said throwing her arms around one of her husband’s furry paws. She looked up into his big, gold eyes. “You’re so soft.”
Akaru’s feline lips smiled revealing a row of sharp teeth, then he leaned down and said, “Pulchra, I am the most fortunate of all husbands! Climb onto my back and hold on tight. We will be back for dinner, Tobart.”
As Pulchra settled herself between Akaru’s shoulder blades and grabbed a handful of fur with each hand, he leapt into the air and spread his wings. In moments they had cleared the house and were climbing for the clouds. Pulchra first ducked and squeezed her eyes shut against the wind rushing past her, but she could not restrain her curiosity and so she opened her eyes blinking back tears.
“Akaru,” she yelled so he could hear her. “I am the most fortunate of all wives! What other woman can claim that her husband has flown her through the clouds on the most thrilling of all rides?”
Encouraged by her words, Akaru climbed faster provoking a cry of either thrill or fear from Pulchra. Akaru was quite sure it was thrill. He recalled the thrill and fear of his very first flight when his mother had held him by the back of his neck until they reached the clouds and then let him go. He had enjoyed countless flights since, but he had never shared one with someone who had never flown before and that gave him a new thrill.
Presently Akaru felt the presence of another greater daemon on the mountain below. It was Renanne, a mild mannered daemon Akaru had hoped to introduce to Pulchra that day. She was likely hunting the wild goats which lived on the slopes of the mountain. Akaru swooped lower and issued a low growl telling Renanne to be in her human form when he arrived. It would be less shocking for Pulchra who he felt growing tense on his back, meaning she could feel Renanne as well.
Akaru landed close to Renanne, a willowy woman with dark hair and even darker reptilian eyes. She greeted him in a sweet voice, “Good morning, my Lord Akaru.”
“Good morning, Renanne,” Akaru said and leaned down to allow Pulchra to climb off his back, but she only clutched his fur tighter.
“If you had come a minute later, I could have offered you fresh goat,” Renanne smiled. “But you seem to have brought your own meal.”
Akaru shot her a warning glare. Pulchra still would not move so Akaru changed his shape while she was still on his back, twisting to catch her in his arms.
“This is my wife, Pulchra,” Akaru said still holding her. “Pulchra, this is the greater daemon Renanne.”
“Wife?” Renanne asked. She hid her surprise quickly and smiled. “Congratulations, my lord. You have been alone far too long. Let us drink a toast to your happiness.”
Akaru set Pulchra on her feet but she continued to cling to his arm. She did manage to smile, though. Renanne produced a goat skin of wine and took a long draught then passed it to Akaru. He also drank deeply then held it for Pulchra to take a sip which made her cough.
“It is an honor to meet one of my husband’s subjects,” Pulchra said when she could speak again.
“My dear, you’re trembling,” Renanne said and turned to Akaru. “You beast bringing her along as you visit your supporters.”
She stressed the word supporters; no daemon considered themselves subject to anyone. She came forward and pried Pulchra from Akaru’s arm and led her to a rock on which they both sat. Pulchra looked longingly at Akaru who followed closely.
“My dear, I must say I am impressed by how calm you are,” said Renanne as she patted Pulchra’s soft hand. “Few of even the bravest men can approach within fifty paces of a greater daemon yet here you are. Oh, I see she does have eyes for you, Akaru. I hope he is treating you well.”
“Oh, yes,” Pulchra smiled weakly. “Like a queen.”
“Today was her first flight,” Akaru said. “We had spent the previous days in the palace.”
“Getting accustomed to each other no doubt,” Renanne said. “Pulchra, would you allow me a few moments alone with Akaru?”
Renanne stood and Pulchra was about to object but Renanne gave her a look which silenced her. Akaru was not so easily intimidated.
“Renanne, speak your mind,” he said and took her place next to Pulchra. “But I will not leave my wife alone on the mountainside.”
“Of course, how rude of me,” Renanne apologized. “I only suggested we speak in private to avoid offending your young bride whom I find most charming. Indeed, I am quite sincere in my congratulations on your union and my wish for your happiness. In fact, it is that sincerity which forces me to speak now. I know why it was you sought me out to be the first to meet your wife. I have been your supporter for three hundred and fifty two years and I shall not list all of the battles at which I fought at your side. You knew that no matter what her reaction was that I would remain faithful to you. You knew that I hold too much respect for you to insult you by attacking her. But, my lord Akaru, you also know that others will not react the same way.”
“I do know all this, Renanne,” Akaru said putting a defensive arm around Pulchra. “But you should know the depth of my devotion to my wife and her safety as well as my devotion to my supporters. I need not remind you that most of the battles we fought were not to preserve my own household but those of my supporters. And what would you have me do? Hide my wife like some shameful secret?”
“I can offer you no solution to the problem, my lord,” Renanne responded. “Only warning. Killimar has recently passed through the valley as well as Hein and Moromo, any of whom would not hesitate to kill her and use the incident to challenge you claiming that you could no longer protect those of your household.”
“You assume that I would allow them to succeed in such a task,” Akaru hissed, his pointed ears pulled back against his head.
“Akaru, I have never doubted your strength,” Renanne retorted. “But look at her, practically paralyzed in fear by me, who bears her no ill will. How could you defend her and also hold your rivals at bay?”
“I am not paralyzed,” Pulchra said through gritted teeth. “You claim I am fearful and in that you are correct. While my husband’s presence has become both soothing and thrilling for me, your’s has quite the opposite effect. But I am not as helpless as you claim and I shall not be a hindrance to my husband. It took me time to accustom myself to Akaru’s presence and I shall accustom myself to your’s and all other daemons’ as well.”
Something shifted in Renanne’s eyes and in the feel of her presence at the same time. Pulchra’s heart seemed to stop in her chest and in an instant Akaru had his hand around Renanne’s throat, his teeth bared.
“Do not overestimate yourself, Pulchra,” Renanne said looking past Akaru. “A daemon’s presence can intensify beyond what you have yet felt.” She turned to Akaru and said, “You have nothing to fear from me, my lord. I told you my affection for your bride is sincere, but please keep in mind the warnings I have given you.”
Akaru gruffly released Renanne, but he had to admit to himself that her words were not unwise. He had not known that Killimar, Hein, and Moromo were in the area. None were a match for him when he was on the offensive, but as Renanne pointed out, they could be a threat if he was forced to defend Pulchra.
They each bid Renanne a polite farewell and returned home in silence.
Akaru was not at home when Pulchra woke the next morning. He had been distressed by Renanne’s news of possible rivals so close to his home and said he could put off visiting his supporters no longer without risking political upheaval. Pulchra had begged him to give her another chance to accustom herself to other greater daemons but he outright refused.
Pulchra ate breakfast alone for the first time since she had returned from her parents’ house. She felt abandoned by her husband. There was not even a song that morning to comfort her as there had been when she had first come to her new home. Celisha and Carmina were concerned about their mistress.
“Lord Akaru will only visit seven or eight of his local supporters today,” Celisha said. “He will not be gone long.”
“He would not have left you without good reason,” Carmina added.
“Oh he had a very good reason,” Pulchra scowled. “Celisha, find Tobart and bring him to the store rooms. Carmina come with me.”
Pulchra left her breakfast and led her maid across the garden to the first store room. They were selecting choice cuts of smoked goat flesh when Celisha entered followed by Tobart.
“You sent for me, mistress,” he said bowing.
“Yes, Tobart,” Pulchra said. “Do you know the greater daemon Renanne?”
“Yes, mistress,” Tobart stroked his whiskers.
“Please find her and tell her that I would like to repay her hospitality,” Pulchra said. “We shall have lunch in the clearing before the house.”
“As you wish, mistress,” Tobart said hesitantly and departed.
Pulchra and her maids spent the rest of the morning hurriedly preparing for the anticipated lunch. Celisha and Carmina, understanding their mistress’s intentions, enthusiastically brought out good china and linens, prepared the food, and set two tables on opposite sides of the clearing.
“You’re wasting your time,” Arb grumbled as Pulchra put the finishing touches on a place setting.
“If you don’t want a thorough pruning which will leave you with only half of your foliage, I suggest you remain silent,” Pulchra warned and Arb did not utter another word, though he did shake his boughs roughly.
Pulchra then sat at her table to await the arrival of her guest. The clearing was only about a hundred paces wide so she was not surprised to feel Renanne approaching before she saw Tobart come out of the trees. Renanne was just behind him. She nodded to her hostess and gracefully sat at her table. Tobart continued across the clearing as Celisha brought a tray to Renanne and Carmina brought one to Pulchra.
“Renanne wanted me to commend your efforts, mistress,” Tobart said, coming to stand beside Pulchra. “And she thanks you for your gracious invitation.”
“Please,” Pulchra said. She had to swallow to keep her voice from shaking. “Tell her that I am very glad she accepted the invitation and I appreciate her assistance.”
“Are you alright, mistress?” Carmina asked as Tobart walked back to Renanne’s table.
“Bring me a strong wine quickly,” Pulchra ordered. As soon as Carmina left she wished she hadn’t sent her away. Being alone with a greater daemon was terrifying. Except when the greater daemon was Akaru, of course.
The meal was uneventful with Pulchra eating very little and trying desperately not to tremble. Afterwards the two women waved their goodbyes and Renanne disappeared into the forest. Pulchra felt exhausted and spent much of the afternoon soaking in a warm bath. Akaru returned in time for dinner confident that Killimar, Hein, and Moromo were no longer a concern.
“If these daemons are your supporters, what would cause them to attempt to usurp you?” Pulchra asked that evening.
“Killimar, Hein, and Moromo are not my supporters,” Akaru answered. “Young daemons spend a number of years travelling through many different lands. It is a time for them to explore, to learn, and when they are ready to choose a place to make their home. Hopefully by the time they choose a home they have learned enough to be able to maintain it. If in their travels they find a desirable domain and they believe they can wrest it from the current owner they are within their rights to put forth a challenge.”
“That hardly seems fair,” Pulchra frowned. “An elderly daemon who has worked his whole life to build a good home could have it stolen.”
“Which is why the lord or lady of the domain often steps in,” Akaru said. “Alliances are formed to prevent such injustices, though it sometimes does still happen.”
“That is why you have to visit your supporters regularly,” Pulchra stated.
“One reason, yes,” Akaru said nodding. “Though more often than not, the business at hand is much more mundane. Most daemons are not as agreeable as Renanne, and disputes escalate quickly without a strong voice to intercede. If a daemon feels that the lord or lady is not overseeing their domain properly they may choose to pledge their support to a young usurper or to the lord or lady of a neighboring domain.”
“I see,” Pulchra nodded. She felt a little disappointed the politics of the daemons were no less tangled or devious as those of men. 
Over the course of the next weeks Akaru continued to leave Pulchra to visit his supporters, journeying further and further from home. Pulchra was amazed by how immensely large her husband’s domain was. On days when Akaru was gone, Pulchra continued to invite Renanne to visit though she also was careful to keep a large distance between herself and the greater daemon, and she continued to be exhausted after each visit. Then when Akaru returned, his presence would wash over Pulchra and she could not feel anything but happiness.
“Pulchra, my love” Akaru called as he landed in the garden one evening still in his bestial form. “You will be happy to learn that I have but one more journey to make and then I shall be all your’s for months.”
“Carmina, bring wine to our bed chamber,” Pulchra called as Akaru changed into his human form. “And you hurry up here.”
Pulchra could not remember the last time she had felt so at peace. She lay against Akaru’s shoulder with all three of his tails wrapped around her waist. Renanne and all other daemons flew from her mind.
“Oh, Akaru,” she whispered in his ear. “Never leave me again.”
“You know I won’t, my love,” he answered. “I just have to visit our southern border. There are a lot of daemons there so hopefully I can meet with several at a time. It should only take four days.”
“Four days?” Pulchra gasped, snapped back to harsh reality.
“Yes, the southern border is the furthest from here. It will take time for me to travel there even flying.”
All Pulchra could think of was an afternoon feeling the oppressive presence of another greater daemon and then not having Akaru to comfort her in the evening. It would be unbearable. His was the only presence she wanted to feel. She needed to feel it.
“Akaru,” she begged. “Don’t go.”
“You know I have to,” Akaru sighed. “The southern border is very important and I can’t put it off any longer. I wish I could bring you with me. Tobart has told me of your visits with Renanne. I cannot tell you how pleased I am by your efforts, but Tobart also tells me you still tremble when she approaches so I dare not bring you to a place inhabited by so many daemons.”
“Tobart was right to tell you that I have made very little progress with Renanne,” Pulchra admitted. “Which is all the more reason why I don’t want you to go. When you are not here, I am so very alone. When I was a girl in my parents’ house, I had my brother and my sister as playmates, but now I have only you. I know you have a duty to your people which I cannot keep you from. All I ask of you is one week. Let me bask in your presence and relieve my loneliness for one week more before you leave me again.”
“Pulchra, you must be an enchantress,” Akaru said after a moment. “I find that I cannot deny you anything you ask of me. Very well, we will have one week together.”

***

The next few days were truly the happiest of Pulchra’s life. She and Akaru were inseparable. He sang to her, he took her on thrilling flights, and at night his tails tenderly wrapped around her. She was truly and completely happy.
One morning after an especially late night, Pulchra awoke before Akaru, for in her joy she could not wait to begin her day while Akaru, in his peacefulness, was not ready to quit his bed. He rolled over as Pulchra pulled his tails from around her waist but he did not wake. Running her fingers through her husband’s soft hair Pulchra was surprised to hear a rumble in his throat, but then a smile spread over her face when she realized he was purring. Deciding that she would bathe and beautify herself so she would be especially pleasing to her husband when he did wake, she slid off the bed and tiptoed out of the room.
Wrapping a robe around herself, she left the bed chamber. She considered waking Celisha and Carmina to begin breakfast, but she decided to let them sleep late as well and proceeded to the bath.
The trickle of the running water in the grotto was as soothing as ever, though the water in the pool was tinted red. Pulchra stopped in her tracks. On the far side of the pool lay a slender girl with stark white hair which fell around her and was so long it would fall to her ankles if she were standing. She appeared a couple of years younger than Pulchra though her pointed ears, the sharp claws on the tips of her long fingers, and the not three but four tails spread out behind her marked her as a daemon, so her age was impossible to judge.
Pulchra gasped and took a step backward, unable to scream despite the fact that she did not feel an oppressive presence from the strange daemon. She wondered why this might be and then noticed that the mysterious daemon’s white tunic was stained red over her midsection and dark blood dripped from her into the pool.
Pulchra’s surprise turned to pity, believing the poor daemon’s death to be the reason she felt no foreign presence. Pulchra sighed, expressing her sorrow and the daemon’s eyes flew open burning with the same golden intensity as Akaru’s. Despite her injury, she leapt to her feet and Pulchra felt a weak though menacing presence.
“Who are you?” the daemon growled.
“Akaru!” Pulchra yelled, finally finding her voice, and bolted from the room. She met Akaru in the atrium and buried her face in his shoulder, but he only held her for a second before proceeding toward the bath.
“Mistress?” Tobart asked entering the atrium, though oddly he was looking past Pulchra rather than at her.
“Tobart,” Pulchra cried, gripping his hand. “There is another daemon in the bath.”
“Yes, mistress, I felt her too. We should hurry, she feels very weak.”
“Do you recognize her presence?”
“Yes, mistress,” Tobart said and pulled Pulchra back toward the bath. “She is Mistress Aleckasia, Lord Akaru’s daughter by his first wife.”
Pulchra’s jaw dropped and she allowed herself to be dragged down the corridor. In the bath, Akaru was cradling his daughter in his arms and brushing hair off her face.
“Father,” her eyes opened briefly and then fluttered shut again.
“Aleckasia!” Akaru cried. “Tobart, throw me a towel.”
Akaru tore Aleckasia’s tunic open and removed the blood soaked bandages on her chest and stomach then quickly pressed the towel against the long gash as it gushed blood. Akaru lifted her off the floor and darted out of the room calling, “Bring herbs!”
Tobart ran to obey and Pulchra followed her husband to one of the guest rooms where he laid Aleckasia on the bed and pressed his hands against the towel over her wound. There was so much blood. Pulchra felt faint.
“Aleckasia!” Akaru kept crying. Finally the pale girl’s eyes opened again.
“Father, I flew here as quickly as I could,” she said weakly. “Tykar has overrun the border. We fought but we could not hold. I think my wound opened again.”
“Shhh, you’re okay now,” Akaru quieted her as Tobart arrived with medicines and bandages. “We’ll take care of you. Pulchra, you may want to leave the room.”
Pulchra silently turned and left. Celisha and Carmina were waiting in the corridor. The three of them walked to the garden where they waited in silence listening to Aleckasia’s wails as her wound was dressed.
Presently Tobart appeared and hurried off. Fifteen minutes later he returned carrying half a dozen rats by their tails and again entered the room. Pulchra looked at Celisha inquisitively.
“She has lost a lot of blood,” Celisha said. “She needs fresh meat.”
Pulchra shuddered.
After nearly an hour Akaru and Tobart emerged from the room, both with somber looks on their faces. Akaru put his hand on Tobart’s shoulder.
“Run through the valley,” he said. “Tell everyone. I will fly further through the domain. We have to be moving south by nightfall.”
Akaru did not look at Pulchra as he walked up the stairs to their bed chamber. Pulchra stepped forward and stopped Tobart.
“What is it?” she asked.
“War,” Tobart answered. “The border has been overrun. Lord Tykar, who rules the domain to the south, convinced enough of Lord Akaru’s supporters to switch their allegiance to him and he has claimed that territory for himself. We have to move quickly to counter the invasion.”
“What about Aleckasia?” Pulchra asked.
“She is weak, but I think she will survive,” Tobart said and moved away. Pulchra signaled Celisha and Carmina to check on Aleckasia while she followed Akaru. She found him changing his clothes. He did not look up as she entered the room.
“Akaru,” she said softly. He did not answer. “Akaru, I am sorry about Aleckasia.”
“So am I,” he said gruffly. “If I had gone to the border as I planned, this would not have happened.”
“You blame me for this?” Pulchra gasped.
“No, I blame myself,” Akaru said, his tone was still gruff. “For being swayed to neglect my duty by a girl who cannot understand my position or my people.”
“I am the daughter of a magistrate,” Pulchra retorted, her voice becoming harsh as well. “I completely understand the duties of a public office. As far as understanding your people, no one can claim that I have not made every effort, without the aid of my husband, I might add.”
“I tried to include you in my duties,” Akaru answered. “It was quite clear that you were not up to the task. I will not apologize any longer for doing what I must.”
“And I will not apologize for feeling lonely in a strange house surrounded by strange creatures and an absentee husband,” Pulchra yelled and stormed out of the room slamming the door. She stalked through the house not paying attention to where she was going. How could he say such things? She had been extremely supportive of a husband she really did not understand. She huddled in a corner and buried her face in her hands.
“Why are you crying?” a weak voice asked, making Pulchra jump. She looked around and realized that she had wandered into Aleckasia’s room. The daemon’s eyes were not open and she breathed heavily.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Pulchra said wiping the tears off her cheeks. “I’ll let you rest.”
“No,” Aleckasia’s voice was weak but there was no missing the harsh tone. “I should get to know my lovely stepmother.”
“Oh, yes,” said Pulchra. She hadn’t realized until then that she was indeed Aleckasia’s stepmother. She looked down on her slim and bloodied body and felt a new pity for the girl. She suddenly also realized that Akaru was not simply upset about being neglectful or even that his territory had been invaded. His child had been injured, nearly killed.
“What is your name?” Aleckasia asked, her eyes still closed. “I will not be calling you mother.”
“My name is Pulchra.”
“Beautiful,” said Aleckasia, some of the harshness in her voice was replaced by fatigue. “That means beautiful. Your parents had a sense of humor.”
Pulchra was about to reply when the door opened and Akaru entered wearing a heavy woolen mantle. His expression was somber but no longer agitated. He stepped into the room and took Aleckasia’s hand in his left hand and held out his right to Pulchra which she took.
“I must hurry,” he said. “But I cannot leave until I know that the two most important people in my life will be alright when I am gone.”
“Akaru,” Pulchra said after a moment. “It was wrong of me to selfishly hold you by my side. Though it is no excuse, please know it was because of the love I have for you. Because I love you, I also love your daughter and shall tenderly care for her.”
Aleckasia’s eyes finally opened and glanced at Pulchra before looking to her father. She said to him, “Do not worry about us, father. Tykar is stronger than he was the last time we met him in battle. Be careful.”
Akaru squeezed the two women’s hands then let go of Aleckasia’s and led Pulchra out of the room. He pulled her into his arms and placed a long kiss on her lips.
“I love you, Pulchra,” he said, holding her close.
“I love you, Akaru,” she whispered. “Hurry home to me.”
He let her go, walked down the corridor, and was gone.

***

“I told you not to tempt fate, my friend,” Akaru said over his shoulder. Being a lesser daemon and unable to fly, Tobart rode on his master’s back as they flew south. “Now we are going to war yet again.”
“My apologies, sir,” Tobart responded and glanced about at the army of Akaru’s supporters flying with them. “However, it is unlikely that Tykar expected Aleckasia to survive her journey and raise the alarm. Hopefully we will be able to take him unawares and drive back the invasion quickly.”
“Let us hope so, Tobart.”

***

Pulchra woke early again the next morning and went to the kitchen to prepare a breakfast for Aleckasia. Halfway to the kitchen she realized that she did not know about Aleckasia’s tastes. Akaru would eat a wide variety of things for breakfast. Rare steaks, baked song birds, fried liver, sometimes even the rats Tobart so enjoyed. Tobart had said that daemons could be very particular about their food and Pulchra did not want to offend Aleckasia.
Luckily, as she approached the kitchen, Pulchra smelled something already cooking. She entered the room to find Celisha and Carmina busy at work.
“Good morning, mistress,” Celisha greeted her. “We did not expect you to be awake so early. We will prepare your breakfast as soon as-”
“Don’t worry,” Pulchra interrupted her. “I was hoping to help in preparing Aleckasia’s breakfast.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, mistress,” Celisha said. “We didn’t know. I’m afraid it’s almost ready.”
“She woke in pain nearly an hour ago,” Carmina said. “We gave her medicine and changed her bandages and then she asked for something to eat.”
“What are you making her?” Pulchra asked.
“Stewed chicken gizzards,” Celisha answered and Pulchra grimaced.
“I’ll go check on her,” Pulchra turned to leave. “Bring the food when it is ready.”
Pulchra walked back across the garden. As she approached Aleckasia’s room, she heard a soft whimper and her heart again went out to Akaru’s wounded daughter. Entering the room, she found Aleckasia in a sitting position in the bed, leaning against several pillows. Her long, white hair had been combed and she had been dressed in clean silk robes rather than the blood-stained garments Pulchra had last seen her wearing.
“Do you always enter without knocking?” Aleckasia asked hiding the pained expression that had been on her face. Her voice was still so weak and yet harsh.
Pulchra ignored the question and said, “Good morning. Your breakfast will be in shortly.”
“I know, I ordered it.”
“I had hoped to wake in time to prepare it for you.”
“You do not have to play the part of my mother,” Aleckasia said as the door opened. Celisha brought in a tray and laid it on Aleckasia’s lap.
“Celisha, please bring my breakfast here when it’s ready along with a hot pot of tea,” Pulchra ordered and then turned back to Aleckasia when Celisha had left. “I am not playing the part of your mother. Just as no one could ever replace my mother in my heart, I know that I could never replace your’s, nor do I want to. However, your father holds an even dearer place in my heart than my mother does, and I see him in you.”
Aleckasia seemed to accept Pulchra’s words and slowly stirred her stew. Pulchra drew a chair close to the bed and sat quietly as Aleckasia ate. She did not eat much. Presently Carmina arrived with Pulchra’s eggs and pastries followed by Celisha with the tea. Pulchra poured herself a cup and then poured another one for Aleckasia.
“What is this?” Aleckasia asked.
“Tea, it will help soothe you,” Pulchra answered and Aleckasia tasted it.
“I would prefer wine,” she said. “But it does have a pleasant flavor.”
Aleckasia slept again after they had finished their tea and Pulchra went to Akaru’s library. She selected a number of scrolls which she brought back to Aleckasia’s room. She would have liked to read in the huge room with the tall columns and painted ceiling but she wanted to keep an eye on Aleckasia. The girl slept fitfully throughout the day, often stirring and moaning and Pulchra was not sure how to help her other than to keep a cool cloth on her forehead.
Looking at her Pulchra again wondered how old she was. Celisha and Carmina had said that Akaru’s first wife had died over sixty years ago, which meant that Aleckasia must be at least three times Pulchra’s age. Yet she looked years younger.
As the sun began to set, Aleckasia awoke in pain and Pulchra leaned over her and reached to open her robes. Aleckasia bared her teeth and hissed, “There is nothing more to be done. Let me be.”
“Let me look,” Pulchra said holding her down and pulling back the bandage covering the long gash. The edges were red and the wound filled with puss. Pulchra pulled the cord to call Celisha and Carmina. “The wound is infected.”
“Not surprising,” Aleckasia moaned. “Daemons’ claws often carry infection. The healing herbs will help. I will be fine.”
“Just hold still,” Pulchra turned to Celisha and Carmina as they entered the room. “Bring me fresh bandages, herbs, and a jar of honey.”
“Honey?” Aleckasia asked.
“Trust me,” Pulchra said. “I saw some in the store room, bring a jar.”
Celisha and Carmina hurried to bring the requested items. Pulchra dabbed a wet cloth on Aleckasia’s warm face until they returned. Then she passed the cloth to Carmina and took the honey from her, slowly pouring it into the wound.
“What are you doing?” Aleckasia protested.
“Mistress,” Celisha said. “That honey is a precious commodity.”
“It will stop the infection,” Pulchra explained. “My people have kept bees as livestock for generations and found that along with its sweet taste, honey can be good for one’s health.”
“You are full of surprises aren’t you?” Aleckasia grimaced as Pulchra placed a fresh bandage over the honey. Pulchra washed her hands and when Aleckasia did not show signs of returning to sleep, she suggested that they should have their supper. Aleckasia nodded, “I could eat some lamb.”
“Bring enough for both of us,” Pulchra ordered. “And more tea, please.”
“Right away, mistress,” Celisha said and she and Carmina withdrew. Pulchra and Aleckasia shared a quiet meal. Again Aleckasia ate very little. After supper Aleckasia returned to sleep and Pulchra returned to her reading. 
She didn’t know when she dozed off but when Pulchra opened her eyes, the sun was rising again. The scroll she had been reading had fallen to the floor and for a second she thought she felt Akaru’s presence. But what she felt was harder, colder than Akaru and only a whisper of the strength it could be. Pulchra turned and saw Aleckasia already sitting up in her bed and hungrily devouring breakfast. Pulchra was struck by how much she resembled her father. 
“Good morning,” Aleckasia said, her voice still weak though stronger than the day before. “I think your honey worked better than I thought it would.”
“I’m glad to hear it,” Pulchra said, pulling herself upright in her chair and rubbing her eyes. She pulled the cord to call Celisha and Carmina and asked for some breakfast to be brought for her.
“You don’t have to stay with me,” Aleckasia said. “You can go eat in comfort.”
Pulchra looked over the daemon. Her eyes were open and she apparently had an appetite but she slumped against the pillows propping her up and she still looked exhausted. Pulchra knew she was not out of the woods yet.
“I don’t mind staying with you,” she said smiling. “After we eat I would like to check your wound again.”
The wound was improving though the infection was not gone yet. Aleckasia spent a week in bed with Pulchra never far from her. Though she never expressed gratitude, Pulchra liked to believe Aleckasia was grateful for the company. On the eighth day, Pulchra helped Aleckasia out of bed. She leaned heavily on Pulchra on her right and Celisha on her left as they helped her to a chair in the garden. Despite her slim form, Aleckasia was surprisingly muscular and heavier than Pulchra anticipated. Aleckasia’s face brightened being outside and she spent many hours in the garden sipping tea with Pulchra. The experience reminded Pulchra of the meals she had shared with Akaru in the garden and she became worried for his safety. There had been no word from him since he left.
One afternoon in the garden Pulchra stood behind Aleckasia’s chair combing her hair. The straight white hair was so long that much of it lay along the ground when the daemon was sitting.
“Would you like me to braid it for you?” Pulchra asked.
“No,” Aleckasia answered stiffly. 
Pulchra began imagining different styles that would be perfect for the long length. She said, “Or I could put it in-”
“Just comb it,” Aleckasia interrupted her.
Celisha approached and urgently asked Pulchra to come with her. She led her mistress to the first large store room where she had just opened a fresh barrel of grain. She gingerly pulled back the cover revealing at least a dozen large rats inside.
“Close it quickly!” Pulchra shrieked. “Where did they come from?”
“Rodents have a way of getting into places,” Celisha answered. “We never had a problem before because Tobart always ate so many of them.”
“But what have you done during other times when he has been absent?” Pulchra asked.
“This is a relatively new residence,” Celisha said shrugging. “He has never been absent from this house for an extended period of time.”
“There are many more contaminated barrels and jars as well,” Carmina reported as she joined Celisha and Pulchra.
“Alright, here’s what we’ll do,” Pulchra said, growing calm. “Seal the bad containers again and we will roll them out into the forest. Then we will put a fresh layer of plaster on all of these walls. Hopefully that will be the end of our problem.”
Removing the rat infested food stores took the three women the rest of the day. The vast majority of the food had to be removed. They emptied two of the store rooms, consolidating the remaining food stuffs into a single room. It was after nightfall before Pulchra returned to help Aleckasia back to her room.
“More than half the food is gone?” Aleckasia asked after Pulchra explained the situation to her.
“A good deal more than half,” Pulchra said struggling to keep them both upright as they approached Aleckasia’s room.
“That will complicate things for us in our conditions,” Aleckasia sighed.
“Don’t worry,” Pulchra said and reached out to open the door. “I will take care of you.”
“I will soon no longer need your nursing,” Aleckasia said with more than a hint of irritation. Then her tone softened. “But it is not only myself I worry about. You should have noticed by now that daemons have large appetites, even before they are born.”
Pulchra dropped her stepdaughter on the bed causing her to grunt. She stammered, “How did you know that I am carrying a child?”
“The signs are quite obvious if you know what to look for,” Aleckasia straightened herself on the bed. “And as I said, as my half sibling grows, so will your appetite.”
“Well we aren’t in danger of going hungry yet,” Pulchra said. “Akaru will return soon and even if he doesn’t, I can buy us more food at the market in Angustia.”
Pulchra turned to leave the room, but after a second’s hesitation she turned back and whispered, “I’m scared.”
Aleckasia made no response. Her eyes were closed. Pulchra assumed the daemon had fallen asleep and again turned to go when Aleckasia whispered back, “What are scared of?”
“I am afraid of what this child will be,” Pulchra answered in a wavering voice.
“If that frightens you, then you should not have lain with my father.”
“I am not afraid of it being a daemon,” Pulchra sighed. “I hold no prejudice against your race. I want my child to share in his father’s nature, but that is what scares me. Tobart explained to me that only the children of two greater daemons with similar natures will inherit their parents’ nature.”
“That is true,” Aleckasia said softly.
“Then what will this child be?” Pulchra asked as a tear slowly made its way down her cheek. She remembered Celisha and Carmina’s story of their tortured childhood, and also the look on Tobart’s face when he mentioned the injustices lesser daemons faced.
“I don’t know,” Aleckasia answered, still without opening her eyes. “No offspring of the union of a human and a daemon has ever survived.”
More tears fell down Pulchra’s face. She wanted to shout something at her stepdaughter, but instead she hurried out of the room. If she had opened her mouth she would not have been able to control her tears. In the garden she sat among the flowers and regained her composure. Surely Aleckasia was not an expert in these matters, surely there must be hope for her child. 
Pulchra spent another day working with Celisha and Carmina to replaster the store room, though in the night more rats had infested a number of the remaining containers of food. These also had to be removed, though not before Aleckasia demanded to eat the offending rodents.
“You can’t eat them,” Pulchra stated. “They are what spoiled our food in the first place.”
“Their filth and the pestilence on their hides have spoiled the food,” Aleckasia retorted. “Not their flesh. That is still edible.”
“I am not going to allow you to eat rat meat,” Pulchra put her hands on her hips. “There is still other dried meat that was untouched. You can have some of that.”
After the plaster dried, no further pests appeared but a great deal of damage had already been done; and as Aleckasia had warned, Pulchra’s appetite greatly increased. It was not long before the store room became quite sparse.
Aleckasia was obviously concerned. One afternoon she rose from her chair in the garden.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Pulchra said stepping in front of her.
“I am going hunting,” Aleckasia stated and staggered around Pulchra. “The meat is gone and I am not eating anymore of your horrid eggs.”
“You can barely walk, you can’t go off by yourself,” Pulchra insisted and grabbed Aleckasia’s arm. The daemon wrenched herself free, but lost her balance and fell to the ground clutching her wounded chest. Pulchra knelt next to her and called, “Celisha, Carmina come help me!”
“I am hungry,” Aleckasia snarled at Pulchra. The fierce look in her golden eyes made Pulchra shiver, but she said nothing more as she was helped back to her bed.
“Celisha, I suppose we cannot wait any longer,” Pulchra said once they had settled Aleckasia. “You will come with me to buy food in the town. Get a veil to cover your feathers and make sure you wear a dress long enough to cover your feet. Carmina, you will stay with Aleckasia. Make sure she stays in bed.”
“Yes, mistress,” Carmina said. “Won’t you need more help to carry the food though?”
“If we have to we can borrow a cart and I don’t want to leave her alone.”
So that afternoon Pulchra and Celisha, with a veil carefully covering her feathered head, entered the town of Pulchra’s birth and made their way to her father’s house. Pulchra noted that few of the townspeople offered a greeting and some even scowled at her as she passed. Hardly the warm welcome of her last visit. Presently they arrived at her parents’ house and Pulchra knocked on the door.
“Pulchra?” her father asked as he came to the door.
“Father, it is good to see you again,” Pulchra said stepping forward, but her father did not embrace her or step aside to let her in.
“Pulchra, there have been some rather unsavory things said about you lately,” the magistrate said in a somber tone. “I don’t want to believe them, but they must be addressed before I can welcome you.”
“What kind of things?” Pulchra asked.
“Recently there have been a number of bandits sighted in the valley when we have never had any such problems before,” the magistrate said. Pulchra knew that if this was true it was because Akaru and the daemons who usually protected the valley were at war in the south, but how could she say that? The magistrate continued, “People claim that your husband is somehow involved.”
“How can you say that?” Pulchra gasped.
“He has never presented himself but he sends fine gifts of gold and jewels,” the magistrate said. “And you tell us tales of a marvelous mansion where no nobleman is known to live. Who could your husband be but a bandit?”
Pulchra was horrified. How could her father say such things about her sweet Akaru who had done so much for their town? She fought to remain calm as she spoke, “Father, I assure you my husband Akaru is the finest of gentlemen. He is away on important business but upon his return I shall insist that he present himself to you and you may judge him for yourself. In the meantime, I am in need of food from the market.”
“The fact that your husband cannot account for himself nor can he supply food for his wife does little to alleviate my fears,” the magistrate said as Pulchra turned to go. “I’m afraid I cannot welcome you into either my home or my town until this matter is settled.”
“Then I shall leave as soon as my shopping is done,” Pulchra snarled and stepped away from the house.
“I’m afraid you will not find a merchant who will sell to you,” the magistrate called after her.
“I have coins,” Pulchra called back. “They will sell to me.”
“Not after I have instructed them not to.”
Pulchra felt a sense of fury and desperation. Her stomach growled and she entreated, “Father, I beg you for the sake of your grandchild which I bear, allow me to buy what I need to feed my household.”
The magistrate blinked in shock, but then his expression turned stony again. “Leave town immediately,” he said and disappeared behind the closing door.
Pulchra put her hand on Celisha’s shoulder to brace herself as she blinked back tears. Celisha looked at her mistress sympathetically, but she said nothing. What was there to say? They walked to the market and visited several merchants, but as her father had warned, none would sell them anything. They turned for home feeling dejected.
Just outside of town, an old sheepherder Pulchra recognized was driving his flock home. He gestured to Pulchra and said to her, “My lady, I can tell by your expression the reception you have been given. Please know that not all of us are so easily swayed by vicious rumors. To prove this, please accept this ewe from my flock.”
“Oh, sheepherder, thank you,” Pulchra cried. “You have restored my faith in my own people and saved me from a most desperate situation.”
Pulchra and Celisha took the sheep and returned home. That very evening the ewe was slaughtered.
The ewe did not last long and the food stores continued to dwindle as both Pulchra and Aleckasia craved more and more to eat. Celisha and Carmina began spending afternoons foraging in the forest for nuts, berries, and insects to feed themselves but this did little to slow the rate at which the household’s food was consumed.
“Soon I will be able to hunt again and feed us,” Aleckasia said munching on the last of the mutton.
“You are much improved but you are a long way from being healthy,” Pulchra said. She felt helpless. “We have had no word from any other daemons and at this point I see no other choice. We will have to leave the house and go to where we can find food.”
“I can think of only two places you could be referring to,” Aleckasia sighed. “One is the southern border where we could reunite with father. However, I still cannot fly and a journey on land would take weeks. The other possibility is your father’s town, but given what you told me of your last visit I don’t see how going there will help our situation.”
“But there is food there and very little left here,” Pulchra pointed out. “Besides, that sheepherder said that there were others who don’t agree with my father’s opinion of me. Besides, magistrate’s orders or no magistrate’s orders, merchants are always interested in profit and we have plenty of gold and silver. Someone will eventually sell to us.”
The next day, Pulchra led the way through the forest toward Angustia. Aleckasia leaned against her and Celisha while Carmina pushed a wheelbarrow containing the remainder of their food, a tent, some packed clothes, and extra bandages. Pulchra had a bag of coins slung over her shoulder. According to her plan, they pitched the tent just outside the forest where it could be seen from the town but they could move into and out of the trees without drawing attention. Celisha and Carmina unpacked and helped Aleckasia get comfortable while Pulchra again went into the town.
Book 3
Pulchra pulled her veil over her head as she walked into town hoping to avoid being recognized. Knowing the reception she would receive at her father’s house, she bypassed the residence and made for her brother’s house hoping that she still held the support of her siblings. She approached the door somewhat timidly but desperation drove her forward and she knocked.
She was greeted by her brother’s steward, a kind balding man who had always been friendly toward her. She pulled back her veil and the steward exclaimed, “Miss Pulchra, please come in, come in. Master Fortis is not at home but please wait while I get him and tell him of your visit.”
He led her to a comfortable sitting room and brought her a fresh pot of tea before hurrying out of the house to find Fortis. Pulchra wondered how her brother would react to her visit. He had always been a caring big brother and she knew he loved her, but he was also fiercely devoted to their father, who had decreed that Pulchra was no longer welcome in the town.
Pulchra did not have to wonder for long. She heard the door open and stood with a sheepish look on her face, but a second later Fortis entered the room wearing a wide smile.
“Pulchra,” he said as he wrapped his arms around her. “I was hoping you would come back. I heard what happened between you and father and I was afraid we might never see you again.”
“If my situation were not so dire, you might not have,” Pulchra said as she and her brother sat down next to each other.
“The situation is quite serious,” Fortis said, not knowing that Pulchra was not referring to her relationship with her father. “Several of the farmers and herdsmen have lost livestock and two young girls have gone missing.”
“What?” Pulchra gasped. “Father only told me that bandits had been seen in the valley.”
“And really that is all we know,” Fortis nodded. “Four herdsmen have reported seeing a large band of armed men though no one has caught them in the act of stealing or kidnapping. And of course the connection to your husband is pure speculation caused by rumors which have spread through the town.”
Pulchra frowned. For her whole life everyone in Angustia had shown her nothing but respect and kindness. How could their sentiments toward her change so quickly?
“Who would spread such rumors?” Pulchra asked quietly.
“Someone who is jealous of you,” Fortis said without giving a name. “Father told me that your husband is away for now. I think it would be best for you to wait until he returns. Then the two of you can answer the allegations and put an end to these rumors.”
“I wish I could, Fortis,” Pulchra sighed. “My reputation is not the only thing in danger. Three lives are now in jeopardy and unless I am able to find help they will all perish.”
“What has happened, Pulchra?” Fortis asked leaning closer to his sister. She told him of how her household’s food stores had been contaminated leaving her husband’s wounded daughter as well as herself and her unborn child without nourishment.
“I wish the situation were not so grim so that I could suggest a celebration for the conception of your child,” Fortis said after he had heard Pulchra’s story.
“The situation is grim,” Pulchra agreed. “But I have brought gold and silver, eventually the merchants will grow greedy enough to accept it. Until then I will rely on the generosity of the citizens who have not allowed their minds to be poisoned against me.”
“If your camp is visible from town, father and other concerned citizens will be watching,” Fortis said. He stroked his chin in thought. “Though I suppose if you retreated into the forest you would be in more danger of falling victim to bandits yourself. You are wrong about the merchants, though. In all the towns across the nation, not only here, all businessmen have been strictly instructed to only use coinage minted in the capital for all transactions. Ignoring the decree would lead to heavy fines and scandal. No merchant will take the risk.”
“What am I to do then?” Pulchra asked almost in tears. “My family and my home town reject me and my husband is unreachable. How am I to survive?”
“Not all of your family has rejected you,” Fortis said taking a coin purse from his belt. “Take these. I will send more when I can, along with food. For now, be careful who you talk to. The entire town is on edge and there is no way to be sure who will be friendly toward you. But stay strong; I will see you through this.”
“Thank you, Fortis. I cannot thank you enough.”
Pulchra embraced her brother and left the house. She went to the market and, careful to keep her veil over her head, she was able to use Fortis’ coins to purchase some dried beef and fruits. She then returned to her camp which Celisha and Carmina now had well organized. Aleckasia sat in a small chair just outside the tent.
“You were able to buy food already?” she asked as Pulchra approached. “The situation must have improved. Go buy enough to fill the wheel barrow and let’s go home.”
“The situation is worse than I thought,” Pulchra said setting down her packages. “The merchants will not accept our coins now or a month from now. I was able to buy these because my brother generously gave me a purse of his coins.”
“Then we are saved if he can support us,” Aleckasia said hopefully.
“I fear he will not be allowed to lend his full support,” Pulchra said. She turned to her maids. “You can survive on what you forage for in the forest. Could you make a trip across country?”
“Yes, mistress,” Celisha said. “Our diet is much simpler than that of greater daemons.”
“But we have never made a long journey on foot before,” Carmina added.
“I hope that I won’t have to ask you to make your first,” Pulchra said. “Hopefully we will be able to survive here, but if not someone will have to go to the southern border for help.”
“I already told you it will take weeks to get there on foot,” Aleckasia sighed. “Longer for these two. They have never even spent a night under the stars before.”
“Then pray that we are able to continue to find food to eat here.”
They shared a meager dinner of porridge and then retired into the tent for the night. Pulchra would have much preferred the big golden bed with the silver Cupids to the few blankets she now slept on. Throughout the night she awoke cold, hungry, and wondering if her plan hadn’t been a huge mistake. But where else could they have gone?
Finally the sun rose and Pulchra was thankful for the excuse to quit her makeshift bed. She stretched as she stepped out of the tent. Celisha was striking a flint over kindling while Carmina gathered more wood for a fire. Breakfast would be another small bowl of porridge. Aleckasia was sure to be grumpy about that. Pulchra stuck her head back into the tent to check on the daemon, but looking about she did not see her stepdaughter. She stepped back inside the tent and lifted blankets. Aleckasia was not there.
“Have either of you seen Aleckasia this morning?” Pulchra asked her maids as she again stepped outside.
“No, mistress,” Celisha said turning from the small flame in the fire pit.
“Isn’t she still sleeping?” Carmina asked.
“No, she isn’t,” Pulchra answered and scanned their surroundings. She saw a few farmers in the fields in the distance, but no one else was visible and Aleckasia was not likely to go towards the town anyway. “She must have gone into the forest.”
“You think she would try to hunt in her condition, mistress?” Celisha asked as she rose to her feet.
“I’m afraid she would,” Pulchra started forward. “Put out the fire, breakfast will have to wait. Celisha, I don’t think she would be in the fields, but check them anyway. If you don’t find her look in the forest to the south. Carmina, run back to the house she may have gone back. Check the forest in that area. If you don’t find her by noon come back here.”
Pulchra herself headed north. That obstinate daemon was going to get herself killed. A part of Pulchra felt that it would serve her right. She shook her head and pushed through the underbrush. This was Akaru’s daughter, she couldn’t let her hurt herself.
“Aleckasia!” Pulchra called as she pressed onward. If she had known the course her life was to take she would have insisted on accompanying Fortis into the forest and up the mountainside when she was younger. It was difficult making her way and she wondered how she would find her way back. The forest grew all along the mountain, and over the next mountain, and the next down the range. It was huge, it was endless. How could she find one slender girl in such an expanse of trees? She could be anywhere. 
On the edge of despair, Pulchra reminded herself that Aleckasia was injured. Had she been healthy she could disappear without a trace, but in her present condition she could not have gotten far and she would not be able to move effortlessly through the brush any more than Pulchra could.
Figuring that she had gone as far north as she needed to Pulchra turned to the northwest planning to turn again after searching for a time in that direction. She continued crying as loud as she could, “Aleckasia! Where are you?”
Breathlessly Pulchra put her hand against a tree truck to steady herself. The tree felt smoother than she expected and on closer inspection she saw that some of the bark had been rubbed away. A deer could do that. She looked around and around. Where had it gone after rubbing against the tree? She spotted a shrub with a broken limb and quickly moved towards it. Something had passed that way. On the other side of the scrub was a patch of open ground and in there dirt were fresh tracks. Alongside the hooved prints of a deer were the barefooted prints of a human foot. At lease it looked like a human foot at first glance. Pulchra stooped and was overjoyed to see the indentations of claws just in front of the toes of the foot prints. A daemon had followed the deer.
With renewed hope she ran in the direction the prints lead. She could only follow the trail a short way until she lost it where the deer and the daemon had crossed a patch of soft moss. Again wishing that she had asked her brother to teach her more about the forest she continued in the general direction her quarry had traveled. However, the deer may have turned at any point. With even a few miss steps Pulchra could be far from the trail. Then she saw the first drops of blood on the forest floor.
There were only a few at first, then longer strips of red pointed the way. Crashing through another clump of shrubbery Pulchra nearly tripped over Aleckasia who had collapsed at the base of a tall oak.
“Aleckasia!” Pulchra cried as she knelt beside the pale girl. “You foolish child! What were you thinking?”
“Do not…” Aleckasia whispered weakly. “Call me ‘child’. I am older…than you.”
“I will call you a child as long as you act like a child,” Pulchra sobbed as she rolled Aleckasia onto her back. Below her was a red pool of blood. Pulchra tore the tunic open across her chest and pulled the drenched bandage off the wound. As she had suspected the stitches Tobart had placed there were torn. Turning to her own dress Pulchra wrenched a thick section off the hem and pressed the wool against her stepdaughter.
“Hold this,” she commanded and placed Aleckasia’s hands over the improvised bandage. She then stood and started searching through the surrounding trees and underbrush until she found what she was looking for. A fat spider sat in a large web spun in the crotch of a tree. Ordinarily Pulchra would have cringed at the thought of touching the creature, but in her desperation she hesitated only a moment before reaching out and crushing the spider between her thumb and forefinger. With its inhabitant disposed of, Pulchra gathered the web into her hands and rushed back to Aleckasia.
“Lift the bandage,” she said even as she was pushing the soaking wool aside. She carefully arranged the spider web over the wound and then replaced the bit of her dress hem over it again.
“What was that?” Aleckasia asked.
“Cobweb,” Pulchra said and held the daemon down as she tried to sit up. “It will stop the bleeding. Now lie still.”
“Why did you come?” Aleckasia whispered, her breath came slowly. “Without me, your child will be father’s heir and he will have no other attachments. Nothing holding him to the past.”
“I don’t think that’s true,” Pulchra said remembering Akaru’s face when they had talked about Talecta. “I had to come. I could not let you die. I would never forgive myself.”
“You are too soft to kill for my father’s domain?”
“I have never been interested in your father’s domain. I have only ever wanted to be able to be of some benefit to my own people, to my own father. I don’t think that is possible at this point. At this point I just don’t want to cause your father any more pain. I love him, Aleckasia, and you are his daughter. So how could I not love you?”
Aleckasia did not respond for a long time. When she did speak she said, “There was a deer here. I nearly had him.”
“I know,” Pulchra smiled. When the bleeding finally stopped Pulchra told Aleckasia to keep holding the bandage, then she softly kissed her forehead and ran back through the forest.
This time Pulchra was grateful that she wasn’t a skilled woodsman. She had disturbed the undergrowth so much that it was easy to find her way back to the camp. It was nearly noon so she did not have to wait long before Carmina returned.
“I found her in the woods to the north,” Pulchra told her as she grabbed a blanket and a skin of water. “When Celisha gets back follow my trail as quickly as you can.”
“I can leave a note for her and come right away, mistress,” Carmina suggested.
“Alright, hurry,” Pulchra said over her shoulder as she set out again. Carmina caught up to her long before she reached Aleckasia. They gave her some water, wrapped the blanket around her, and were on their way back to the camp when Celisha arrived and helped carry the wounded daemon.
Pulchra was exhausted by the time Aleckasia was safely sleeping in the tent. Carmina was with her re-stitching the wound closed.
“Celisha,” Pulchra said to her other maid. “I think we can afford a slightly larger breakfast after our efforts this morning.”
Two days later when Pulchra pushed the tent flap aside and stepped outside she saw Fortis walking across the fields towards the camp. She looked back into the tent. Aleckasia was still sleeping soundly which was for the best. Celisha and Carmina, who were already awake and sitting outside the tent, pulled veils over their heads. Pulchra doubted that her stubborn stepdaughter would have been so cooperative about disguising her appearance.
As he approached Fortis looked about warily and Pulchra worried that Aleckasia may have recovered enough strength to exude a presence potent enough alarm her brother. But Fortis was not a timid man and when he saw his little sister wave a welcome to him he hurried to her and embraced her.
“You are looking well today,” he smiled. “Perhaps camping agrees with you.”
“It does not,” Pulchra yelled and slapped her hand playfully against his chest. “I’m glad you came.” Then turning she said, “Fortis these are my maids Celisha and Carmina. They graciously came here with me.”
“Thank you for looking after my sister so well,” Fortis said and took each of their hands in turn. “And where is your husband’s daughter?”
“Still sleeping and I’d rather not wake her,” Pulchra said sitting next to the fire pit that had been dug next to the tent.
“Of course I recall you saying she wasn’t well,” said Fortis. He took three sacks from around his shoulders and presented them to the women before him. “I’ve brought you a good bit of flour, some vegetables, a little honey, and here’s some smoked pork. I also have some good news.”
He looked suspiciously toward the tent as if he suspected a spy was inside listening. Pulchra could feel Aleckasia’s weakened presence and, though she would have liked to spend the day with her brother to keep her company, she found herself hoping that he would be on his way before Aleckasia woke.
When he turned back to Pulchra Fortis told her that the missing girls had returned to Angustia having gotten lost in the forest rather than being the victims of kidnapping. After that, Pulchra’s father had allowed Fortis to bring her food openly though he sent word that she still was not welcome within the town limits.
“Why is he being so harsh?” Pulcha asked sadly.
“As I told you there have been vicious rumors circulating,” her brother said laying his hand on her knee. “But don’t despair. Now at least I can bring you food and anything else you need. And soon we will sort all this out and you will come stay with me if father will not have you at his house. Just be patient.”
For the next month the four displaced women were able to get enough to eat, though they were still not allowed into the town. Fortis also brought them candles, more blankets, and cushions so the camp became quite comfortable. Pulchra’s belly quickly began to swell and her appetite only increased. Aleckasia said it was because daemon children grew faster in the womb than human children did.
Aleckasia herself continued to grow stronger and eager to move about. Twice she again tried to venture into the forest to hunt. Both times Pulchra intercepted her before she was able to get far. After the second time, Pulchra threatened to bind her hands if she didn’t stay in the camp, but was sure the daemon would ignore her words.
Halfway through their second month camping outside Angustia, Fortis did not arrive with food at the usual time, which did not necessarily mean something had happened. Perhaps he was attending to important business, perhaps he was speaking with father, perhaps he had met an old friend or even a woman. Still Pulchra was worried. She waddled back and forth in front of the tent, her belly swaying before her.
“It’s not time to panic yet,” Aleckasia told her. “You’ll wear yourself out. Besides, if he doesn’t come I will catch a deer for us.”
“And leave half your blood in the forest before I find you?” Pulchra said shaking her head. “I’m not letting you do that again.”
“Mistress,” Celisha said and held up a basket. “We found a bush heavily laden with berries. I know it won’t satisfy your hunger but it’s something.”
“Thank you, Celisha,” said Pulchra. She stopped her pacing and took a handful of berries. “You should eat some, too, Aleckasia.”
“I will wait for meat,” Aleckasia snorted.
“Carmina, would you start a fire please?” Pulchra asked. “Let’s assume Fortis is simply running late and will be here presently.”
The group huddled by the fire as the sun set. They had fortunately been left unmolested by men or beasts. Pulchra believed this was due to the fact that Aleckasia’s presence, though still weak, was now noticeable. It was enough to keep most from approaching, but not enough to scare a brave man like Fortis; though he had become more and more wary on his subsequent visits to the camp. Pulchra wondered how her brother would approach once Aleckasia grew even stronger. Indeed she wondered how she would be able to remain close to the daemon.
As Pulchra wondered, two young men approached the camp, their faces glowing in the firelight even at a distance. Pulchra recognized them as two goat herders who were employed by her family. One of them, Pulchra remembered, had shown her how to milk the goats when she had once visited her father’s barn.
“Miss Pulchra?” one of the goat herders called hesitantly.
Pulchra was afraid the two men would be frightened by Aleckasia’s presence or even by her appearance. “Go into the tent,” Pulchra told her. Though it would not mask her presence, the tent would at least hide Aleckasia’s gold eyes, pointed ears, and claws.
“Don’t order me about like a child,” Aleckasia said calmly. “I’m not leaving you alone to face two strange men in the night. Not while you are carrying my sibling.”
Pulchra grabbed a shawl and threw it over Aleckasia’s head. It would at least hide her ears and white hair. She turned and was relieved to see Celisha and Carmina similarly covering their feathers.
“I’m here,” Pulchra called to the young men and they drew closer.
“Miss Pulchra,” they both bowed to her. “Your brother Fortis sent us.”
“Is he alright?” she asked.
“Of course, nothing has happened to him,” one of the herdsmen answered. “He sent us to bring you news. This afternoon a couple o’ the boys from town found five bodies in the forest. They had been savagely torn apart.”
“None o’ them were from Angustia,” the other goat herder continued. “But it still enraged the magistrate, your father. He addressed the entire town this evening sayin’ how killers were on the loose, and we were all in danger. He went on to blame you and your companions for being involved and expressly forbade anyone from lending you aid.”
“Your sister spoke in favor o’ his words,” the first goat herder said. “But your brother and many o’ the town people spoke against ‘em. The majority agreed with the magistrate though so the magistrate set new rules for the town including a curfew enforced by officials which kept your brother from comin’ to you himself.”
“How were you able to come then?” Pulchra asked. 
“We have ways around the patrols,” one of the goat herders said smiling at the other. Then they held out two leather sacks which had been slung over their shoulders. “Besides, we were not among the majority and we don’t come empty handed. We slaughtered the finest goat o’ the magistrate’s herd and brought the choice cuts for you.”
“You should have brought all the cuts,” Aleckasia said in a soft, harsh voice and the goat herders jumped. They hadn’t noticed she was there until she spoke.
“We would’ve but this was all we could carry if we were going to get out o’ town unnoticed,” one of them said apologetically.
“You did very well,” Pulchra reassured them. “Would you care to stay and eat with us?”
“Oh no, miss,” the young man blushed. “We need to be getting back.”
Pulchra thanked them heartily and they disappeared into the darkness. Celisha and Carmina insisted that she sit down while they prepared the meat. Pulchra hadn’t noticed until then how weary she was.
“Something may have happened,” Aleckasia said pulling the shawl off her head.
“Oh, I would say something happened,” Pulchra replied. “I have now been officially banished by my own father.”
“I was referring to the dead men,” Aleckasia said. “There are beasts capable of such an attack in this forest. Bears, wolves, but they rarely attack men, even without daemons around to direct their hunting.”
“You think it was a daemon?” Pulchra asked frowning. “But all of Akaru’s supporters went with him to the southern border.”
“And none would go against his ban on eating men,” Aleckasia said and Pulchra shuddered. “Tykar, however, enforces no such rule.”
“You think his army has made it this far?”
“Not his army, no,” Aleckasia said. “But advance scouts could have slipped though the battle lines. It’s a tactic that has been used before.”
They ate their dinner in silence. The next morning Aleckasia was not in the tent when Pulchra woke. She prayed the daemon was not out hunting again. She would never heal if she kept reopening her wound. Pulchra spend the morning worrying and was relieved to see Aleckasia returning around lunch time. She was also glad to see that she was leaning on a walking stick rather than pushing herself.
“Where were you?” asked Pulchra putting her hands on her hips. “I was out of my mind with worry.”
“I don’t need your permission to go for a walk,” Aleckasia said and sat down picking through some left over pieces of goat meat by the fire. “I wanted to investigate the killings the goat herders told us about last night.”
“Did you find them?”
“The humans buried the bodies so there wasn’t much to see,” Aleckasia said chewing on a piece of meat. “But I walked all around the town and deep into the forest and didn’t feel any daemon presence.”
“That was very reckless of you,” Pulchra scolded. “What would you have done if there were some of Tykar’s daemons in the forest?”
“There is another large group of men east of the town,” Aleckasia said ignoring Pulchra’s question. “Men from the lands east of the valley beyond this nation’s borders. They are hard, fierce men more than capable of brutally slaying their fellow men. I think we have nothing to fear.”
“Nothing to fear?” Pulchra frowned.
“Even half dead I could kill twenty of the strongest men in five seconds,” Aleckasia said with such confidence that Pulchra felt reassured.
The next few weeks were difficult. Fortis sent messengers with food when he could but many nights Pulchra and Aleckasia went to bed hungry. Pulchra began sitting next to the road outside Angustia and asking passersby for food. It was degrading, it was humiliating, but she was desperate. Her appetite had grown so much that even after what seemed like a large meal, she still felt absolutely ravenous. Some travelers were generous toward her, but even with her large belly many men looked at her with lust in their eyes as they passed. At such times, a high-pitched howl would come from the camp and even at a distance Aleckasia’s golden eyes could be seen flashing and the men would hurry along.
Pulchra, the daughter of a magistrate and the wife of a king, had been reduced to a beggar. How could such a horrific thing have happened? How could her father be so cruel? How could her husband abandon her like this? She often held the small statue of Tutela in her hands and prayed for aid, any aid, but the deity seemed to be deaf to her pleas. Many nights she cried herself to sleep as Celisha and Carmina tried to comfort her, but Aleckasia was always silent.
One day as Pulchra slowly made her way back to camp she decided the time had come to send Celisha and Carmina to the southern border. There was nothing else to do. She only hoped that she and Aleckasia could survive the month it would take them to get there and send help back. But when Pulchra opened the flap of the tent, Aleckasia quickly pulled her inside and held her finger to her lips telling her to be quiet. Celisha and Carmina were huddled in a corner whimpering.
“What is it?” Pulchra whispered and Aleckasia glared at her. Then she felt it. Distant but definitely there was the presence of greater daemons approaching. Pulchra’s first thought was that Akaru had finally returned and they were saved, but then she noticed that the presence was aggravated. Pulchra had felt such a presence only once before: when Renanne’s presence had suddenly changed and shocked Pulchra during their first meeting. Pulchra was surprised that it did not bother her nearly as much to feel such a presence this time as it had that day.
Before Pulchra could voice an objection, Aleckasia had slipped out of the tent. Pulchra didn’t know what to do. After a few seconds she looked outside but Aleckasia had disappeared. She looked back at Celisha and Carmina and then slowly stepped outside. She only had to wait a minute before they stepped out of the forest-five male and two female greater daemons all with pointed ears and claws and varying colors of bright eyes.
“It’s not a daemon,” one of the females said. “Why did we feel such a strong presence?”
“Ain’t it obvious, Torine?” one of the bigger males said looking at Pulchra’s belly.
Pulchra defensively wrapped her arms around her enlarged stomach. They could feel a presence from the child? Did that mean it would be a greater daemon? She took a step backward, and tripped. She heard a soft rustle and when she looked up, huge white spikes protruded from four of the daemons’ chests. Two others lay under gleaming claws and the last was locked in the grip of fanged jaws belonging to a huge white cat with golden eyes.
“Aleckasia!” Pulchra gasped.
The four spikes were at the ends of Aleckasia’s four tails. She was just as large as her father but with more delicate features and thinner spikes along her spine. Her large, white wings were held outspread over the carnage. All of the daemons except the one in her mouth, the female Torine, were dead.
Pulchra scrambled to her feet and Celisha and Carmina rushed to help her. Aleckasia shook the corpses off her tails and stepped off the ones under her claws. She must have climbed a tree and jumped on them, transforming as she fell, but Pulchra was amazed that she could deliver six simultaneous death blows. Torine gasped for breath and blood flowed out of her mouth. Aleckasia sat on her haunches and folded her wings back before she spat Torine onto the ground and laid a tail over her. She then licked a paw and cleaned her face in a very feline fashion.
“I guess the child wasn’t the only presence we felt,” Torine gasped. She began crawling away.
“Where is Tykar?” Aleckasia asked, still casually cleaning herself. Torine ignored her and continued to crawl away. Pulchra stood dumbfounded as Aleckasia rounded on Torine as she crawled just out of reach and batted her back with a paw, cutting new slashes with her claws.
“Aleckasia!” Pulchra gasped again.
“Have you ever watched a cat with a mouse?” Aleckasia asked, speaking to Torine. “They will catch it, wound it, then let it go. Then they catch it again, wound it again, and let it go again. Now tell me, how far has Tykar advanced?”
Pulchra looked away as Torine tried to crawl away again, but she heard the scream when Aleckasia sank her claws into her again. Pulchra bent over and vomited out the little that was in her stomach. Celisha and Carmina tried to usher her into the tent but she shooed them away and turned back to the gruesome scene. There was not an inch of Torine not covered in blood.
“We were sent…” Torine gasped. “To find and kill…any reserves…supporting Akaru.”
“I already guessed that much,” said Aleckasia, her voice turned icy. “What I want to know is where Tykar and his main force is right now.”
Torine lifted herself to her hands and knees and Pulchra stepped toward her but was stopped by a glare from Aleckasia’s harsh, golden eyes. She lowered her head so that those menacing eyes looked straight into Torine’s.
“I’m going to bite you again,” she hissed. “And if you don’t tell me, I am going to bite harder and harder until I snap your spine.”
“Aleckasia, I think-” Pulchra started.
“Silence!” Aleckasia growled and scooped Torine back into her mouth. Sharp teeth sank into flesh. Torine moaned but was too weak to scream.
“Stop, Aleckasia, stop!” Pulchra cried and pulled at one of her paws, but she didn’t even turn her head. With a soft crack, Torine died. Aleckasia put the corpse down and began to peel the flesh off the bones. Pulchra ran into the tent unable to watch the grizzly meal.
An hour later, Aleckasia entered the tent, again in her human form and looking quite satisfied. Pulchra couldn’t look at her. A cat with a mouse indeed. That was all she was: a giant, white, cannibal cat!
“Celisha, Carmina, could you finish burying them?” Aleckasia said, wearily sitting down next to Pulchra who did not turn to look at her. After a long minute of silence, Aleckasia picked up a comb and began running it through her long hair.
“Is there anything left to bury?” Pulchra finally whispered. Aleckasia did not answer at first.
“Why are you angry?” she whispered back after a second. Pulchra whirled toward her.
“Why am I angry?” she yelled. “What you did out there…a cat and a mouse indeed.”
“That’s exactly what it was,” Aleckasia hissed back, then her voice calmed. “That girl was a daemon with a rodent nature just as my father, mother, and I have a feline nature. Cats eat rodents; you have seen Tobart eat enough rats to know that. It is the way of nature.”
“And the others?” Pulchra asked almost in tears. “Were they all rodents?”
“I only ate the one,” Aleckasia said softly, combing her hair again.
“I don’t believe you,” Pulchra said. She stood and threw open the tent flap. Outside Celisha and Carmina were digging and six intact corpses lay on the ground next to them. Beside them was a patch of freshly turned earth where Torine’s bones must have been buried. “You were telling the truth.”
“I have no reason to lie,” Aleckasia said. “I have done nothing wrong.”
“I wouldn’t say that.”
“You think I should have let them kill you and my sibling?” asked Aleckasia, her voice growing harsh again. “I had to stop them.”
“You didn’t have to torture that woman.”
“Have you ever seen a cat with a-”
“Don’t say that again!” Pulchra shouted. “There was no reason for you to do that.”
“There were two very good reasons,” Aleckasia said calmly. “First, we’re starving and a large meal presented itself to me. You haven’t exactly been supplying much meat lately.”
“And the second reason?”
“Didn’t you hear what she said?” Aleckasia asked and Pulchra thought back. “She said that they were sent to find and kill any reserves supporting Akaru, which means that father is still alive. If he had fallen in battle, his supporters would now be supporting another daemon.”
Pulchra had not realized the significance of Torine’s words. After so long with no word she had begun to worry that her husband had been killed. But he was alive, alive and still fighting. Fighting to protect them, even the child he did not know about. Pulchra burst into tears.
“He’s alive,” she moaned between sobs. Aleckasia laid a hand on her shoulder and let her cry. 
“I have to leave,” Aleckasia said when Pulchra finally quieted.
“Why?” Pulchra asked. She looked at her stepdaughter through teary eyes. “I am not so angry with you that I would send you away.”
“That’s not why I am leaving,” Aleckasia answered. “What happened today proves that I am strong enough again to fight and father will need my help.”
“No,” Pulchra said suddenly becoming concerned. “You still have not fully healed and you didn’t find out where the enemy is.”
“I need only fly south and eventually I will find the battle,” said Aleckasia.
“But-”
“If the fighting has gone on this long then the two forces are well matched,” Aleckasia interrupted Pulchra’s objection. “Father will need all the help he can get.”
Pulchra could not argue with her reasoning.
“I have never heard of any,” Aleckasia said.
“What?”
“When I told you before that no half daemon children had ever survived, I know I upset you,” Aleckasia said with an uncharacteristically sympathetic tone to her voice. “That is true, but only because I have never heard of any ever being conceived. I did not know that such a child was possible until you conceived my sibling.”
More tears welled up in Pulchra’s eyes. She did not try to hold them back.
“I do not know what he will be,” Aleckasia whispered as she embraced her stepmother. “But care for yourself and for him, and I believe he will live.”
Pulchra was truly sorry to see Aleckasia spread her wings and fly away. Celisha and Carmina joined her as she watched Aleckasia disappear over the mountains.
“What will we do now, mistress?” Celisha asked. Pulchra couldn’t send them south now and be left alone.  Besides, hopefully Aleckasia would find Akaru quickly and tell him about their difficulties.
“We wait,” Pulchra answered softly.

***

Unknown to Pulchra or her maids, that very same day her brother Fortis had led an armed group of townsmen into the forest. Intent on ridding the valley of the bandits they came upon the men from the east and fierce fighting broke out. The foreigners truly were brutal and lunged at Fortis’ men in a fury.
“Retreat!” Fortis yelled. “Back to town. Run, men, run!”
The easterners gave chase but Fortis stood his ground to give the others a chance to escape. Many fell to his blade and the pursuit lost momentum. Just when he believed the battle was done a spear was flung and caught him in the side between the plates of his armor.
“The commander is down!” one of the townsmen called turning back to help him.
“Don’t stop for me,” Fortis panted and pulled the spearhead from his body. “Keep going, they are still near.”
The townsmen dragged him from the battlefield but the wound was fatal and he expired on the trek back to Angustia. The men wailed in sorrow and wondered how they would be able to tell the magistrate the sad news of his son’s death. They continued toward the town and exited the forest just in time to see Aleckasia fly away. They then said to themselves:
“The magistrate will harshly punish us for allowing his only son to die while so many of us still live having fled from a battle against mere men. But if we say that we came upon such a beast as that, no one would blame us for fleeing in fright. Plus it would greatly please the magistrate to hear that his son stood bravely against such a foe. He may even reward us for our courage in recovering the body. No one will doubt us since a beast that size must have been seen from the town and there must already be tales of its ferocity circulating.”
So they all agreed to hide the truth of their cowardice. They took their own weapons to Fortis’ body, enlarging his wounds and bending his armor to have evidence of the fanciful duel with the monster. Then they entered Angustia bearing the mutilated corpse on their shoulders and crying out loudly. As they processed through the streets, a large crowd gathered around them and joined in their mourning so that a great multitude was present when they approached the magistrate’s house. The magistrate and his wife came out to meet the crowd and, seeing the body of their son, joined their cries with those of the crowd. They listened to the lies of the men and heard the testimony of those who had seen Aleckasia from the town. Soon the entire town had heard the false tale of Fortis’ death and all the citizens mourned at his funeral that night.
The magistrate and his family retired into their house to continue grieving together and were not seen for seven days during which their youngest daughter was forgotten. On the seventh day, Cara, the magistrate’s elder daughter, pulled her husband Telen aside.
“Though I loved my brother,” she told him. “This could be advantageous for us. With my brother dead and my sister disgraced, you, as my husband, will become my father’s heir.”
“I had considered that,” answered Telon. “But there are still many in town, including your mother, who love your sister more than you despite the rumors about her.”
“Which is why we have to move quickly to be rid of her for good,” Cara said. “Everyone who saw the creature said that it was in her camp. It was easy to convince father that she had married a bandit, now he will quickly believe that she is allied with monsters.”
So it was that Pulchra’s jealous sister and her ambitious husband blamed her for their brother’s death and the love the town once held for her disappeared entirely.

***

That evening, a cold wind blew and rain fell in steady drops. Pulchra huddled in her tent but she couldn’t sleep. Pain gripped her entire body. She could easily feel the now strong presence in her belly, and was agitated. The child was coming that night.
Celisha and Carmina tried to make her comfortable and spoke encouragingly to her, but they kept looking nervously toward the forest. Pulchra didn’t pay attention to this until she heard rustling in the underbrush not far from the tent.
“What is that?” she cried sitting up.
“Shh, lie quietly, mistress,” Celisha said and pushed her back down.
“But something’s out there.”
“Yes, mistress,” Carmina said. Her voice was shaking and Pulchra finally realized why. Beyond the presence in her belly, Pulchra felt a very large number of greater daemons not far away.
“Who are they? Why are they coming here?” Pulchra cried in panic. Tears streamed down her face. “Why are they coming now?”
“I don’t know, mistress. Please try to stay calm,” Celisha pleaded with her but there was worry on her face too. More rustling came from the forest, growing closer and closer. What could they do if a daemon found them now? Suddenly the tent flap flew open and an orange, furred head peered inside.
“Tobart!” Pulchra sighed with relief. “What are you doing here?”
“Lord Akaru sent me to find you after Mistress Aleckasia joined us,” Tobart said and entered the tent. He wore a short sword strapped to his side. “Then he called a withdrawal to lure Tykar into a trap near here. It would be best for us to move into Angustia during the battle.”
“But, Tobart,” Celisha protested. “The magistrate has-”
“Exiled his daughter,” Tobart finished and patted the sword at his side. “Which is why I am coming with you.”
“The child is coming,” Pulchra gasped.
“All the more reason to hurry,” Tobart said as loud crashes sounded from the forest. He leaned down and easily scooped Pulchra off the pile of blankets. “Come quickly.”
Celisha and Carmina grabbed some of the blankets and a skin of water and followed Tobart out of the tent. Pulchra squeezed her eyes shut as pain gripped her again, but she did not have to see to know that the battle had begun in earnest and daemons sped frantically throughout the forest.

***

In Angustia, people were also speeding through the streets. The word had spread that the magistrate and several of the town’s leading citizens had convicted the magistrate’s youngest daughter, the once beloved Pulchra, who they believed was at least indirectly responsible for the death of her brother, Fortis. In front of the magistrate’s house, his son-in-law Telon was speaking and every citizen hurried to hear him.
“It pains me to have to tell you,” Telon addressed the crowd. “That my sister-in-law, who I could not love more were she my own sister, has brought a great tragedy upon us. It is indisputable that she has entered into an unholy marriage with not only a bandit, but a most horrific bandit-a savage and ruthless beast who has now slain my most honorable brother-in-law. The proof is in the testimony of the brave men who accompanied him during his heroic final battle and the eye witness reports of those who later sighted the creature. There is no doubt in my mind what the sad truth is.
“Now some of you who remember the circumstances of my sister-in-law’s marriage may be saying to yourselves, ‘She could not have known of her husband’s bestial nature and once united to him, how could she escape?’ But I must tell you that my noble brother-in-law, fearful for his little sister, told her at the time of her marriage to insist of her husband that she be allowed to return to visit her family so that if her spouse proved to be anything other than a man of good character, she would be able to return to the safety of her father’s house. If on the other hand she did not return, my noble brother-in-law swore to find his sister and rescue her himself. Such a noble soul he was!
“I am forced to report to you that my sister-in-law did return to visit her family after her marriage, but rather than reporting the grim truth, she told wild lies of living in a palace with a king. Because of her treachery, my noble brother-in-law entered the forest confident of victory against a band of thieves, but instead met death at the hands of a monster!”
Loud murmurs and angry grumbling spread through the crowd. Fortis had been loved by the townspeople and most had looked forward to the day when he would become the magistrate.
“It is an outrage to my brother-in-law’s memory,” Telon continued. “That the sister who betrayed him, and who now carries the spawn of the beast who murdered him, now resides outside our town. So I call upon you good citizens to come with me, now this very moment to bring justice to this traitor in our midst!”

***

“Tobart! Tobart, slow down,” Pulchra cried. “Put me down for just a second.”
Celisha hurriedly spread a blanket on the ground and Tobart lowered Pulchra onto it. Carmina knelt beside her and wiped the sweat off her forehead.
“Just…give me a minute,” Pulchra gasped.
“We shouldn’t stay long, mistress,” said Tobart looking back at the forest where several flying daemons were visible grappling with each other above the treetops. 
“It’s Akaru!” Pulchra pointed. Akaru had indeed risen from the forest. As they watched, the long snout of a winged crocodile lifted above the treetops; its fang lined jaws snapped at the blond furred cat.
“And that’s Tykar,” Tobart said and stooped to pick up Pulchra again, but Celisha stopped him.
“Tobart, look,” Celisha said and pointed toward the town. A glow was coming from it. Hundreds of people carrying torches were stomping their way toward them. Tobart could see in the light of the torches that many of them carried blades, axes, and pitchforks. There could be no mistaking their intentions. The weapons they carried and the gruesome expressions on their faces told him all he needed to know.
Tobart drew his sword in his right hand and extended the claws on his left. He kept looking from the forest to the town wondering which way was safer. Tobart wished, not for the first time, that he was a greater daemon rather than a lesser daemon. If he could increase his size by many times like Lord Akaru could, he would easily be able to scatter even the most vicious mob of humans. As he was merely a lesser daemon, however, death seemed to be certain either way they went.
Pulchra had not looked toward Angustia. Her eyes were fixed on the sky above the forest where Akaru and Tykar fought. She winced each time the crocodile’s cruel teeth made contact with her husband’s flesh. Fortunately, Akaru’s teeth and claws and tail spikes tore into Tykar’s flesh just as frequently. Pulchra’s heart seemed to stop in her chest and only the pains of childbirth caused her to take her eyes off the battle.
The humans continued to advance with a singular purpose, still unaware of the battle before them. Tobart decided that their best hope of survival was to hide in the darkness of the fields and maybe the humans would pass them by. He sheathed his sword and quickly scooped up Pulchra again.
“Follow me,” he whispered. “Stay low.”
“Tobart, stop,” Pulchra shouted. “I can’t see Akaru.”
“Please be quiet, mistress,” Tobart whispered to her as he ran through the stalks of ripe wheat. “We must try to hide.”
“No, we have to help him,” Pulchra cried.
“Please, mistress, I assure you there is nothing we could do to help,” Tobart said as he again set her down and crouched beside her. Celisha and Carmina did the same.
“But where are all his supporters?” Pulchra wailed.
“Fighting against Tykar’s supporters,” Tobart said. “Please, mistress-”
“Tobart!” Pulchra yelled. “Are you giving birth in a dew covered field while you watch your husband dying?”
“No, mistress,” Tobart said sheepishly.
“Then do not tell me to be quiet!”
“Yes, mistress,” Tobart sighed in a defeated tone.
Pulchra’s cries had obviously been heard by the town’s people and they marched closer. Again drawing his sword, Tobart positioned himself between the crowd and his mistress.
“He’s done it,” Pulchra cried as a loud roar and a crash came from the forest. “He had him by the neck; he must be dead.”
Tobart looked to the forest but could not see his master or Tykar. He could not tell from Pulchra’s cries which had been victorious and which had fallen. The humans must have heard the roar as well. They continued to advance, but a little more slowly and fear began to show on many of their faces. Tobart wondered if they would flee if he charged them now. As he wondered what his next course of action should be, Tobart heard the sound of wings behind him.
“Pulchra,” Akaru gasped as he landed next to her, reverting to his human shape, and collapsing. “I am here, my love.”
“Oh, Akaru,” Pulchra cried. “You’re bleeding.”
“Let us help you, master,” Celisha said mournfully as she and Carmina pressed blankets against his wounds which were numerous and dripping copious amounts of blood onto the ground.
“My love, you have made me so happy,” Akaru said in a whisper.
“How can you say that now?” Pulchra asked.
“Aleckasia told me about the child,” he replied. “I was afraid I would not make it here in time for the birth.”
“You nearly didn’t,” Pulchra said, her own voice barely a whisper now. “You’re losing a lot of blood.”
“Tobart,” Akaru called.
“I am here, master.”
“Stay close, soon you will have to carry Pulchra into the forest.”
“Master, I fear that path is now closed to us,” Tobart said as he looked toward the forest. Daemons of all shapes and sizes were appearing from between the trees. The battle was decided the moment Tykar fell and the supporters of both daemon kings would be coming together to swear their allegiance to the victor. “Master, if they see Mistress Pulchra in this state-”
“Then take her and run,” Akaru hissed.
“I won’t leave you here,” Pulchra moaned. “Not now, not ever.”
“Master,” Tobart said looking back and forth between the approaching humans and the approaching daemons. “Where can I run to?”
Tobart’s heart pounded as the two groups stopped, each about twenty paces from where Akaru and Pulchra lay. Many of the men at the back of the crowd turned and ran in fear back toward their town.
“Look, citizens,” a tall man at the front of the crowd called. “Look at the force my sister-in-law has brought against us. Can there be any doubt now that she deserves death?”
“Is that the great Lord Akaru?” someone on the daemon’s side asked. “Look, brothers, that girl is birthing his spawn. I can sense the child’s nature.”
“He exiled Anjuin for a dalliance with a human and then he does this?”
“Does he expect us to recognize a half-breed heir to his domain?” another daemon hissed. “Or bow before this girl as our queen?”
“Never,” another growled. “Besides, see how weak he is? There should be a tournament between us and the victor will become our king.”
“Yes,” many hissed in agreement. “Leave him here to die along with his wench.”
“Have no fear, men!” the tall human called. “See, the beasts are leaving and we can then bring down the hammer of justice upon this traitor!”
Tobart was very near to panicking. What could he do? As the daemons turned back to the forest, the humans inched forward again. Celisha and Carmina cowered together shaking, but Pulchra and Akaru simply gripped each others’ hands tightly.
The tall man was a mere three paces from Tobart now. He would have to strike and take down as many as he could. But then the loud sound of large wings came from overhead. The tall man raised his hands over his face and Tobart looked up to see a ceiling of white fur spread over him.
“Don’t take another step,” Aleckasia hissed at the tall man. Then she turned to the daemons and added, “Not any of you.”
The men quickly retraced their steps, the daemons did so more reluctantly.
“Your father has disgraced himself, Aleckasia,” a daemon called.
“That is not what you were saying as Tykar died mere minutes ago,” she hissed back. “You hailed my father as the mightiest of all daemons, truly worthy of your undying allegiance.”
“It’s the beast that slew the magistrate’s son,” a man shouted but quickly fell silent as Aleckasia turned her huge head toward him.
“I will not answer the accusations of fools who cannot recognize the forces which have protected them for so long,” Aleckasia spoke in an even voice. “As long as my father rules these lands, he may continue to offer you his protection, but I swear to you, because of your actions this night, during my reign you will fend for yourselves.” She then turned to the daemons, “Yes, you heard me. My father shall continue to rule us with me as his sole heir. You will not be asked to bow to my half human siblings born tonight or in the future. I’m sure my father will agree to this. But I swear to you, as I have sworn to the humans, if I ever see any of you show my stepmother or my siblings anything but respect, I shall harshly punish you.”
“You don’t have the authority to make such proclamations,” a daemon shouted and many murmurs passed through the crowd. “If we choose to withdraw our support from your father we likewise withdraw it from you.”
A greater daemon in the form of a gigantic snake with shimmering green and black scales slithered forward. Aleckasia watched it closely as it moved. The snake shrank into a tall, willowy woman with dark hair and eyes.
“I am Renanne,” the woman said turning back toward the daemons. “I have supported Akaru for longer than most of you have been alive and in that time I have come to trust him and his daughter unquestionably. I cannot forget the many times they have come to my aid and to the aid of other daemons I cherish as my friends and family. I will recognize none but them as rulers of these lands, and I further pledge my respect and affection for Akaru’s human wife, Pulchra, and her children. I will aid Aleckasia in punishing those who show them disrespect.”
Renanne turned and smiled at Pulchra who nodded her thanks. Murmurs again ran through the crowd of daemons, but one by one they each stepped forward and followed Renanne in pledging their loyalty to Akaru and his family. Most also made a separate pledge to Aleckasia as Akaru’s heir as if to remind her of her promise that they would not be asked to bow to any half-humans. Then they all disappeared to journey back to their own homes leaving the stunned humans nervously gaping at Aleckasia’s large form.
She turned a menacing gaze toward them and softly said, “Leave.”
They quickly turned and sauntered back to Angustia in silence. As they receded into the darkness Aleckasia shrank into her human form. She pushed her long hair over her shoulders and ordered, “Celisha, Carmina hurry back to father’s house and prepare for our return. Tobart, take my stepmother and Renanne would you please help me with father?”
The two female daemons carefully wrapped Akaru’s wounds before lifting him off the ground. Tobart wanted to set off immediately but Pulchra refused to leave without Akaru. The group hurried through the forest, down the path to the clearing where Arb stood. The gatekeeper cheerfully welcomed Akaru and Aleckasia home, then grumbled a greeting to Pulchra. Despite her discomfort, Pulchra smiled when she smelled the rich nutty scent in the stairway which led to her home. Tobart carried her through the atrium and up the second flight of stairs to the bedroom. Renanne and Aleckasia were going to take Akaru to another room until after Pulchra had given birth.
“No,” he panted. “I will be there. Take me to her.”
They lay next to each other in the big golden bed with the two silver Cupids on the headboard gripping each other’s hands tightly as Tobart stitched Akaru’s wounds closed and Renanne, who had herself given birth to three children, tended to Pulchra. Celisha and Carmina came in and out carrying water and healing herbs and cleaning away the dust that had accumulated during their absence. Aleckasia waited in the garden, pacing while she listened to the cries of pain coming from the bedroom.
“It’s a boy,” Renanne reported as the child wailed his first cries. She wrapped the crying infant in a blanket and handed him to his exhausted but smiling mother.
“Look, Akaru,” Pulchra said. “He’s beautiful and he has your ears.”
The infant did indeed have pointed ears. Akaru lifted his head and smiled at his son and his wife. “He’s as beautiful as you are, my love. The most beautiful boy I have ever seen.”
“Of course your first child wasn’t much to look at,” Aleckasia said as Renanne ushered her into the room.
“Oh, you were the most beautiful little girl I had ever seen,” Akaru said smiling up at her.
“Come meet your brother,” Pulchra said and handed the child to Aleckasia.
“He is cute,” Aleckasia said. Her face stretched into a rare smile. She lifted her brother to her face and began licking his hair. Pulchra was about to object but in response to the feline bath the child stopped crying and instead began to purr softly.
“He needs a name,” Akaru said. “Bring him to me, Aleckasia.”
Akaru took his son who opened his eyes for the first time and looked at his father. Akaru met his son’s eyes, blue eyes that looked so much like his mother’s. He was gorgeous and needed a name to match his beauty and his status. “We will call him Felix.”
“That means happy,” Pulchra said.
“Because he makes me so happy,” said Akaru and he smiled at his wife.
“He makes us both very happy,” Pulchra said taking Felix from Akaru to feed him. “But what is he? Is he a greater daemon or a lesser daemon?”
“I don’t think he is either,” Renanne said.
“I think she is right,” Akaru said as he wrapped a tail around his wife. “When he was born his presence was as strong as any greater daemon’s and now it has all but disappeared. He is something extraordinary.”
“But then…” Pulchra started to voice her worries, but Aleckasia interrupted her.
“Did you not hear my oath to punish anyone who dares to mistreat him? He will have a good life in this house, or in mine, or in any one he may choose. I will see to that.”
Once again, something in the way Aleckasia spoke with such confidence reassured Pulchra. Felix was lucky to have Aleckasia as a sister.
The entire household was bursting with happiness for weeks after Felix’s birth. Celisha and Carmina couldn’t stop ooing and ahing at him. Tobart always had a smile for him and once had a rat for him claiming that it was never too early to acquire a taste for good rat.
Food was no longer a problem. Renanne brought them two dozen goats and Aleckasia returned to the house one evening with several sacks of wheat and a barrel of salted beef. Salted beef was very popular in the east and, though she would never admit it, Pulchra suspected that despite her oath to never help the townspeople, Aleckasia had disposed of the bandits in the forest and seized their rations.
Pulchra sent Tobart to find wild honey to treat Akaru’s wounds and he was soon strong enough to sit in the garden with his wife and children. Aleckasia stayed until Akaru was on his feet again and then returned to her home on the southern border, promising to visit again soon.
Pulchra never again saw her parents or her sister, but she could not imagine being any happier than she was in her home in the forest with her loving husband and their young son. They lived comfortably and happily together for many, many years beyond the sight of human eyes.
