
Queen of Cards

Jon Jacks


Other New Adult and Children’s books by Jon Jacks

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes  –  Death of a Fairytale Princess  –  The Incurable Caress
The Maid’s Caul  –  Nu’s Ark  –  A Disgraced Angel  –  Wake Me Up When it’s Christmas
God’s Toybox  –  Aurora Rising  –  The Veil  –  Petals: Portals of Desire  –  Ripppples
Golden Elk  –  MatchBox Fairy  –  The Snow Nymph  –  The Deep and Secret Yes
Mirror Merror  –  The WatcHousE  –  Winter Queen  –  Sweet Vale of Aricia  –  InterLace

Text copyright© 2021 Jon Jacks
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this ebook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 
Thank you for your support.




Chapter 0



Yes, her brother had been a fool – but that didn’t mean he had to die, did it?
And now, fool that he was, he’d left her nothing but his deck of cards.
The very thing responsible for his death!
What had happened to all the money he’d won using them?
That would have been of far more use to her!
But, fool that he undoubtedly was, he’d probably squandered it all. Money rarely stayed long in his pockets.
Holly threw the cards against the wall in frustration.
There was nothing magic about them, despite everything he’d claimed.


*


Chapter 1



Naturally, Holly had painstakingly checked through the entire deck.
Yet no matter how much she’d studied it, she could only come to the conclusion that it was just a regular set of cards.
There were no hidden markings, as far as she could see, that would reveal which card was which while playing a game. 
What had her brother told her?
That every previous owner of the cards had come by the most astonishing wealth.
That every previous owner, too, had come to a violent end: accused at some point of cheating, and murdered either while at the table or down some dark, ill-begotten alley. 
He’d flattered himself that he had the wit to avoid such a fate.
That at last he’d win back the family fortune he’d gambled away earlier – and then retire, satisfied with his wins, from the game.
Even so, he must have presumed after all that there wasn’t really any foolproof way of avoiding the apportioned fate of the cards’ owner – for he’d warned Holly long ago that, should anything happen to him, she must ensure that no one but her inherited the deck.
But why?
She’d seen her brother play.
And yes, it was only on his acquiring these supposedly magic cards that her brother’s previously atrocious bad luck – as he’d put his horrendous losses wholly down to, of course – abruptly changed for the better.
Yes, he didn’t win every hand.
How suspicious would that have looked?
And yet he won every important hand on which prodigious sums of money were riding.
Unfortunately, there’s not one single gaming table renowned for bringing together players who accept their losses with good grace.
He would inevitably be accused of cheating at some point.
Of slipping cards out from beneath his coat sleeves.
Of using a marked deck.
And so he would roll up his sleeves – and insist, moreover, that a new deck of cards should be brought into play.
Still, though, he would continue to win.
So why, Holly wondered once again, had her brother always spoken so reverently of the cards? He’d even made the quite ridiculous claim that they could only be the creation of some great and ancient magician.
He’d continued to insist almost right up to his end that the magically endowed cards were responsible for his success. 
And all this, too, despite the evidence regularly presented before Holly’s own eyes that the deck had absolutely nothing to do with her brother’s almost miraculous luck at the gaming tables.


*


The magician was the offspring of the queen and a demon.
How else could his birth be explained?
The queen, along with her twenty eight sisters, had left their husbands behind in the old lands long ago. 
Not that a single one regretted this in any way.
They had originally planned to be rid of their husbands after all.
So, exiled to this far away island for their attempted crimes, they now lay each night instead with the demons who had long inhabited the land.
Demons who visited them as they prepared to sleep.
There were other offspring of these nightly liaisons, naturally.
These were giants. Monstrous ogres who would freely wander across what they came to consider as their isle until the very last of them, Gogmagog, died with no one else left to mourn his passing.
The magician, however, appeared in every way to be human.
The demonic within him thankfully remained wholly spiritual, it seemed, while simultaneously endowing him with powers that no other man could be capable of wielding safely.
Not that he appreciated this in any way.
For who really likes to think of their mother sleeping with a demonic being? 
And, in fact, the magician was particularly incensed by the thought. 
It was truly, truly humiliating.
It was undoubtedly a situation that required addressing – or, rather, transforming – in some way.
And unlike any other in this unfortunate position, he had the talents, capabilities and resources at his disposal to achieve this. 
There would be no holding back – just as soon as the moment was right.


*


Chapter 2



Of course, scattered haphazardly across the floor, the cards appeared even less magical than ever to Holly.
How could a truly magical deck allow itself to be so ungraciously treated, so easily discarded?
Shouldn’t she be struck down dead or something along those lines?
Wouldn’t they, at the very least, somehow fly back together? Or, maybe, somehow avoid striking the wall at all?
No, there was nothing magical about these cards.
Her brother had been mistaken in his belief that he’d alighted upon and been a beneficiary of some mystical arcana.
Yet, admittedly, it had been a belief that had inspired him to win, if only through granting him a confidence, a bluster, he’d have otherwise lacked.
The court cards that had fallen face up on the floor appeared to Holly to stare up at her forlornly. The expressions of the Pages were especially sorrowful. The queens in particular glowered back with frowns of astounded fury.
How dare she cast us against a wall in this manner?
But…and she’d never noticed this before, and she couldn’t wholly understand why she’d failed to spot it as she’d closely inspected the deck…a queen was missing.
Of course, many of the cards were lying face down: she could be hidden away amongst all these others easily enough.
And yet, no: Holly was certain that the deck was short of a queen!
How could she have missed the loss of such a highly important card?
She bent down amongst the cards, hurriedly turning those that were face down over, searching out the missing queen, more sure than ever now that finding her would somehow reveal the deck’s secret workings to her.
She turned over the last of the cards, such that they were now all face up.
She hadn’t uncovered the queen she’d sought.
Maybe, when she threw it…?
She glanced back to where she’d been standing when she’d irately thrown the cards at the wall.
There weren’t any cards that had fallen awry.
She picked out the queens one by one just to be sure
Queen of Coins.
Queen of Swords
Queen of Cups.
Queen of Batons.
Yes…
She’d been right!
There were only four of them?
Where was the other queen, the most important queen of them all?
She must have got lost, must have gone astray, perhaps when…
Wait!
What was she jabbering about?
There were only supposed to be four queens in each pack.
So this supposed fifth queen wasn’t missing at all!
And yet…
Holly couldn’t quite shake this idea that the deck was missing a queen. Like it was almost an instinctual feeling that could never be denied – no matter whatever else your relatively impoverished senses were erroneously and foolishly trying to tell you.
Was that the deck’s magical secret?
That it either contained some invisible queen that, perhaps, turned up only when she was required within the playing of a game?
Or was it something a touch simpler?
Did the deck evoke the idea, this mere thought, that another queen was still waiting to be played?
That alone would seriously befuddle those famous for memorising the play of each card, throwing off balance their ability to reasonably predict which remained ready to be dealt out.
She would have to try it for herself.
Her brother had taught her, after all, how to ensure she could recollect the cards played and discarded. 
To imagine the cards, as silly and bizarre as it sounded, situated on parts of her body, which enhanced the mind’s ability to recall them.
Would she still be fooled into thinking some other queen was about to enter the game? 
There were three sudden, sharp raps up on her door.
A Queen’s Messenger.
Her Highness was doubtlessly requesting her presence.


*


As the youngest of thirty sisters, all of whom were now queens, Ganieda wasn’t at all sure that it was right to betray them.
Yet what choice had she been given?
She couldn’t let her husband the king be murdered, let alone undertake the horrendous act herself.
Yes, like all her sisters, she hadn’t been allowed to choose him.
Their father the king had commanded them all to marry the suitors he’d picked out for them.
A very noble and very righteous man, he had decided that all thirty of his beautiful daughters had come of sufficient age to marry. He had also decided, also without consulting his daughters, which daughter would marry which of the many kings, princes and rulers that would be a good political match for his realm. 
The youngest daughter’s sisters, naturally, had entirely resented being treated in what they saw as this offhand way.
And therefore, they loathed what they saw as an imprisonment in unhappy marriages.
There was only one sure way to end this unfortunate state of affairs, they had decided as (well, almost) one.
The sisters had secretly planned that – oh, it was truly a secret too dreadful to even think about! 
But Ganieda had her own secret; she loved her king.
Ganieda retreated to her room, pretending she was ill, and mustn’t be disturbed under any circumstances.
She needed time to reflect upon the situation she’d unwillingly found herself in.
She would have to trust her inner instincts to guide her through it all. 
She hoped, of course, that all this talk of retribution was nothing more than a bout of hyperbolic bluster erupting from her affronted sisters, that there was nothing to be frightened of after all, for things weren’t really anywhere near as dreadful as they seemed to her at present.
But she knew her sisters.
She knew full well that they were wilful and determined.
She knew, at heart, that they would definitely go along with their carefully plotted scheme.
Eventually, she came to her own fateful decision.
There was no option but to let her king in on this fearsome secret.


*


Chapter 3



‘Your brother had become quite successful at the tables, Holly,’ the queen said abruptly once they had exchanged the usual pleasantries and the attendants had been casually dismissed.
‘That’s right, Your Highness,’ Holly replied with all the light-heartedness and brightness she could muster, recognising straight away that the queen was expecting her most loyal lady-in-waiting to disclose whatever secret he’d kept. ‘His continuous practice at memorising the cards already played finally paid off, it seems!’
‘Then…would I be right in assuming you didn’t put his sudden, new found success down to…shall we say…uncommon means?’
Of course, Holly had overheard whispers of these rumours circulating the court.
Her brother, it was said, had threatened to reveal a witch’s identity unless she granted him the knowledge to win at cards.
He’d called up demons to dictate the play of the cards. 
He’d sold his soul – and he’d died when the Devil himself had called to take his fee.
In fact, he’d died down a dark alley running alongside the tavern where he’d spent all of his last night – and a great deal of money – getting so drunk he could hardly stand.
He’d been just about stripped naked in the murderer’s obvious intent to search not just every pocket, but also every lining of his jacket and leggings, slitting the silk at a rush before they were discovered.
Footpads, everyone said.
They were everywhere these days: on the lookout for wealthy fools who’d wandered too far into the less savoury districts seeking the kind of dubiously legal excitement unavailable nearer the palace.
Yet what footpad thought a purse would be hidden away within the linings of a waistcoat?
And why not just steal such a richly embroidered item anyway?
No, Holly wasn’t by any means convinced.
Especially now he’d left her the cards with an explanatory note that they could grant her the same success he’d enjoyed at gaming tables across town.
His murderer knew of the cards.
He’d been murdered for the cards.
Which meant too, Holly had recognised as she’d first realised all this, that the murderer was still out there, still searching for the cards – and, presumably, still prepared to and capable of once again murdering anyone in his (or her?) way of attaining the deck.
How had they come to learn of the cards?
Perhaps they’d watched, studiously, play at the tables.
Night after night.
Hour after hour.
Eventually, they’d have come to the conclusion that such success must in some strange way be down to the deck itself, not all this nonsense about the invoking of witchcraft.
Which meant it was a success similarly achievable by anyone who could take the cards for themselves.
Had the queen – or perhaps one or two of her advisors – arrived at the same theory that some kind of special pack was being used?
Holly would have to answer the queen’s queries with care and trepidation.
‘My brother knew nothing of charms or potions, I whole heartedly assure you, Your Highness!’ Holly replied in a suitably vehement defence of her brother.
It was true, in its way, after all.
He’d never ever dabbled in such dangerous mysteries as far as she was aware.
While as for the deck – even now she couldn’t be sure just how much actual magic was involved in granting it its abilities. 
It could be a trickery by artful design, she continued to reassure herself whenever thoughts of the cruel punishments inflicted on witches came into her head. 
Not that you had to be a witch to suffer such torturous ends, as so many of her family had discovered in the rise and fall of court politics. A false accusation could see you precipitously falling out of favour within a day, then rising up onto the scaffold in a fortnight.
In cases like that, you counted yourself lucky if you could retire to the county with enough to eke out for the rest of your days.
‘Come, come, Holly!’ the queen responded with an apparently shocked jollity. ‘You’re wholly aware, I hope, that I see myself as a caring mother to all my ladies-in-waiting, placing their wellbeing as paramount above all other things. So I’m far from being the one to accuse your brother of such…wickedness.’
Her eyes scanned Holly warily as she gave this last word the most ominous tones.
Her brother had brought the displeasure of the queen down upon him when, despite her constant cajoling, he’d refused to reveal the true secret he held.
For, naturally, she’d asked him many times.
Even though he always took care, of course, to ensure she won even while he was also at the tables.
Only for this ploy to arouse her suspicions all the more.
How had he come by this truly amazing capability, allowing him to win certain hands and lose others, as if at will?
‘You can tell me, Hal – your queen!’
Her delivery was all sugary and friendly, like they were old and familiar companions, comrades who’d willingly trust each other with such silly little secrets – until, as with her intonation of wickedness, she infused queen with all the menace it required.
‘He told me the secret, don’t you remember, Holly?’ the queen continues blithely now, seeking to take her lady-in-waiting off guard.
‘No, I’m sorry, Your Highness: I didn’t know that,’ Holly answered truthfully enough, yet fearing it would come across as a most devious lie. 
She added, quickly, an aptly flattering comment. 
‘Obviously, he quite rightly trusts his queen far more than he does – did – his sister!’
‘Hrm, you think so?’ the queen sighed doubtfully. 
‘And did it work – for you too, I mean?’ Holly continued perhaps a little too quickly for her own good.
There was an insult to be taken there; she could easily be accused of implying the queen lacked the adeptness of her brother even when partial to the secret.
Fortunately, either the queen hadn’t noticed this opportunity or she wasn’t in the mood to use it to her advantage.
Perhaps because she had a far more important goal to pursue.
‘It didn’t work for me, no, Holly: which made me think, perhaps, that he hadn’t divulged the correct secret at all!’
‘I’m certain my brother would never do such a thing, Your Highness!’ Holly insisted, only to receive a withering glare from the queen.
Yes, yes: it was a foolishly unbelievable comment to make, wasn’t it.
‘I mean, Your Highness, if he really had a secret to share with you! He told me of his aid to memorising the cards: where you think of a queen upon your foot, and so on! Is this what he told you also?’
The queen shook her head, her gaze upon Holly still witheringly distrustful.
‘No, no: it was to…well, Holly – do you think he’d have liked me to share the secret with you?’
‘Obviously not, Your Highness; otherwise, he’d have told me it himself before he…before he was robbed and killed so brutally!’
‘So…’ the queen replied mischievously, ‘are you implying that the holder of the secret is destined to meet a bad end?’
‘Not at all, Your Highness! I’m sure Hal would never have placed you in danger by revealing the secret to you if he really believed it was dangerous to know!’ 
Holly was thinking as quickly and as carefully as she could now.
‘Indeed,’ she added with a confident flourish, ‘if he’d thought that were the case, why, he would naturally have taken more care to protect himself, rather than foolishly drinking in areas frequented by your realm’s more unsavoury characters!’
‘Unsavoury characters such as your brother?’ 
The queen could hardly hold back a triumphant grin.
‘He was drunk, You Highness; celebrating yet another win…’
‘Indeed, indeed…and he must have been quite drunk a great deal of the time, my dear Holly!’
Holly was suddenly tempted to suggest that it was the perfect condition for her brother to be in when he, perhaps, unknowingly lost the deck of cards – then fortunately thought better of it, recognising in an instant that her lie would be revealed on her producing the cards in the first game she played using them.
The queen’s probing questions had obviously been carefully designed to coax her into revealing whatever Hal had told her about the cards – or, at least, if not actual details about the pack, how he’d managed to suddenly transform from a loser at the tables to a universally envied winner.
When Holly had mastered the deck enough to take her own place in the games, the queen’s demand for answers would become all the more dangerous. 


*


At least twenty nine, if not all thirty, of the royal sisters had been appalled by their mother’s approval of their marriages to kings and princes chosen only by their father, rather than by themselves.
‘It’s the way of the world,’ she’d told them when they’d first approached her with their numerous complaints. ‘Your father was chosen for me by my father: and if I’d refused, why, then where would you all be, my dears?’
Deep within her heart, Albina, the eldest and most influential of the thirty queens, had an answer: They would not have been born into unacceptably submissive roles.
This was undoubtedly an aspect of maternal influence she refused to accept.
Like all her sisters – perhaps with the sole exception of the very youngest – Albina was a very proud and strong-willed woman.
Fiercely independent, the sisters whole-heartedly believed that their own wellbeing and desires must be met before all others – and that particularly included husbands and their inferior needs. As far as they were concerned, it was an indignity and an insult to be subjugated in any way to any man regardless of how rich and powerful he was.
And so they had vowed long ago that they would never submit to being any man’s possession. They would be the rulers of all men, regardless of their status. 
How they hated, then, even the idea, let alone the reality, of being married to men who were not of their own choosing, men they did not love, no matter whatever benefits it might bring their father’s kingdom.
As was due their elevated station, all thirty of the sisters had married their allotted husbands with much ceremony and fanfare. They each became powerful queens in their own right.
Nevertheless, their vows to each other were of course far more important than their vows to their husbands.
So they plotted together in secret and hatched a most extreme plan.
Albina would hold them all to their oath.
‘The pledges made under force to your husbands came second to the pledge we freely made as sisters.’
This promise they made came before all others.
Of course, Albina couldn’t see how any sister could be capable of loving any husband unwillingly forced upon them.
And so, as yet, she remained unaware that the youngest, Ganieda, was about to betray them all.


*


Chapter 4



The king, naturally, was all powerful in a pack.
(She’d heard rumours that in realms where kings had been scandalously overthrown, it was the aces who triumphed: but how ridiculous was that?)
Holly decided that, as a preliminary test, to see if the deck could indeed enable her to win any game, she would practise leaving herself with a powerful hand containing a king.
Not, of course, that every winning hand required a king – but it was a momentary whim of hers, a task to set the pack that would help her determine if it possessed magical qualities or not.
If the pack was to be of any use to her, it would have to play by her rules, naturally.
With this in mind, she began dealing out hands around a table.
A king!
A king!
She focussed her thoughts as well as she could upon her desire for the king she wanted to appear within her hand, imagining it clearly, as if floating right before her eyes. 
Isn’t that how magic is supposed to work?
Doesn’t it require a well-controlled mind, focusing only upon the desired outcome?
She turned over her hand expectantly.
There was no king there.
There were a pair of queens instead. 
She turned over the other hands.
The queens won!
She excitedly dealt out another round of hands – and this time she lost.
She lost the third game too.
But looking at her hand, and thinking back to the cards of the previous hand – well, at least she’d have lost lightly.
Each hand was so obviously poor that there would have been absolutely no temptation to gamble wildly.
She’d have thrown in her cards straight away.
However, she wasn’t throwing this deck away as easily and as foolishly as she had before.
There was something odd about the cards, undoubtedly – for there, once again, as if it were some innate sense, there was that idea floating directly in the centre of her mind that there was some hidden queen in this pack.
Hadn’t it been the queens, after all, that had comprised the wining hand she’d first dealt?
And that, of course, was despite her wish to deal herself a king!
Don’t go dismissing the power of the cards just yet!
She dealt out another set of hands for herself and her invisible opponents.
She won this one.
And the next.
Only to lose the sixth game.
Yet…didn’t that make everything seem oh so more genuine and above board?
She couldn’t win every time without arousing suspicion.
Even a card cheat needed discipline and self-control – boundaries.
You had to lose a reasonable amount of hands: and win just enough to come out on top.
Anything else, why – you’d be dead before the end of a game, wouldn’t you?
As she continued to deal out hand after hand across the table, Holly soon came to realise that she was indeed winning far more hands than a player could hopefully expect to find before them in any normal game.
Luck?
How did that explain that her brother had similarly won the all-important hands?
And yet he’d also managed it, of course, whenever the deck was replaced at another player’s affronted insistence.
How could that be explained?
Did the magic – if, indeed it was magic being utilised here – somehow transfer to the other, new pack being dealt out?
Which meant that the deck brought luck or whatever it was to whoever possessed it.
Provided, perhaps, that the player had the deck about him or her somewhere? Or did it have to be utilised at some point – perhaps earlier, or even first of all, too! – within the game?
These fineries of the deck’s workings and abilities could only be picked up as she played, obviously. 
She changed the pack.
Still she continued to win more than she lost.
How could she be sure that it was the owner of the pack, rather than the dealer, who would receive the winning hand?
At present, she only had the experience of her brother to guide her in this matter.
No matter who’d dealt out the cards, his supposed ‘luck’ had held.
She’d begun to notice a true oddity in the games she was playing.
There was little point in keeping track of the previous cards that had come and gone in the hope of determining which ones were still to come: for no matter how hard she concentrated on memorising the play, she would at some point become befuddled, and therefore accept without any real qualms the way a queen would apparently appear for a second, even a third time in a run.
That was – or was supposedly – impossible!
The invisible queen.
What else could it be?
The queens determined the games in other ways.
Even if the hand before you seemed merely reasonable, it should be backed heavily provided it contained a queen.
For when you drew more cards from the pack, the queen would be joined by at least one more sister, transforming it in an instant into the hand that would triumph over everything else spread about the table.
Sometimes it might be three queens in all, even four – but this was only when it was essential to ensure a win.
Otherwise, you received exactly the number of queens you required – no more, no less.
For naturally, to end up too often with too many queens would appear highly dubious, wouldn’t it?
Yes, yes: the queens – or was it, indeed, this hidden queen? – controlled the deck more adeptly than any king might hope to achieve.
And, talking of queens… 
Holly knew for sure now that she couldn’t turn the deck over to her queen.
Nor, for that matter, even if she wanted to, could she divulge the secret of her brother’s success at the tables.
For there was no obvious trickery involved, was there?
No ploy of utilising memory, or a slight of hand.
It was the deck itself that, somehow, dictated play.
It was the cards themselves who – if you would insist on having it that way – were doing the ‘cheating’.
It was unprincipled, deceitful and underhand to use such a pack: but Hal had left her debts rather than his winnings, for money slipped through his fingers even faster than the cards he always ever so skilfully dealt.
Life as a lady-in-waiting didn’t come cheap. 
Well, at least it didn’t if you had no wish to experience the humiliation of accepting a small grace and favour apartment in the palace.
Or live on the wholly inadequate stipend that came with the role.
Besides which, there were the bills to pay for the running of the family’s small country house. Holly had manged to retain it so far despite the loss of the great manor and its lands in Hal’s earlier, more unfortunate spate of games.
She had little choice but to take to the gaming tables with the deck.
But when she started winning, and using Hal’s old deck too – well, just how was she going to explain it all to the queen?
It would have all been so much easier if it really did involve nothing more than producing a much-needed king at the right moment in a game…

 
*


As the thirty queens prepared to leave to join their husbands, allowing them at last to put their devious plan into operation, Albina called upon them all to gather together for one final time before the fulfilment of their self-appointed task.
The youngest sister Ganieda, who’d fallen into an increasingly dark depression as she’d contemplated the hard choice facing her, could no longer continue making excuses to avoid their company. She’d been spotted outside her room, eagerly taking part in the organising of everything necessary for the journey home.
Albina made her intentions plain as soon as everyone was in attendance.
We must swear,’ she said authoritatively, ‘on our very lives, that we will show no faint heartedness in carrying out to the letter our appointed roles. We must swear, too, to maintaining the utmost secrecy.’
Naturally, Ganieda could only keep her opposition to the arrangement secret, revealing nothing about her true feelings to any of her sisters.
Yet now, more than ever, she feared what her sisters – particularly the forceful Albina – might do if she betrayed them in any way.
Surely, if they had even an inkling of her doubts regarding their scheme, they might well be driven to killing her to prevent her revealing their secret.
This was an incredibly dangerous time for her. 
She wanted to be away as soon as she could.
And so when they all at last began departing, and she herself parted from the last of her sisters as her caravan paired off to set out on the road leading home, she breathed a sigh of relief.
Even so, her mind was still far from at peace or rest.
Betraying her sisters was no small matter.
For as soon as their wicked intentions came to light, why, then surely they would be most severely punished. 
They would never forgive her.
They might decide to utilise whatever powers they retained to have her assassinated for her treachery.
She became ill with worry and fear, such that by the time her column of followers and guards arrived at her own palace, her husband the king feared for her life. 
She was whisked straight off to her bed, where her husband took charge of her care, staying awake by her side throughout the night as she suffered from what seemed like a delirious fever.
For he loved her every much as she loved him.
And so when she began at last to recover from the worst of her ailment, he became highly distressed when she began to make excuses to avoid seeing him. Worse still, it soon became obvious to all that she didn’t wish to be in his presence.
Was it something he’d done?
Was it something he hadn’t done?’
The king fretted continuously now, fearing he’d somehow lost his dear queen’s love forever.
Of course, he couldn’t possibly know that she was refusing to see him because she couldn’t bring herself to hurt the man she loved. 
And yet, unintentionally, she was hurting him, and far more than she realised too.
For now it was the king who increasingly fell into black moods that threatened to render him incurably ill.
Indeed, this was such an unexpected reversal for the king, who was more used to being entirely in control of everything about him, that soon he had to take to his own bed.


*


Chapter 5



Holly had witnessed first hand, at one point on an agonisingly torturous nightly basis, how easy and quickly a family’s painstakingly accumulated fortune could be swiftly lost at the gaming tables.
The more Hal had lost, the more wildly he’d bet the next night, hoping to quickly make up his losses.
The more he lost, too, the more he turned to drink to assuage the agony of it all – and the more he lost once again.
A vicious circle, rapidly gaining in strength and speed, and often taking place around a single table – not that Hal wasn’t against moving on to other tables in the hope of changing his ‘run of bad luck’.
And when he at last began to start winning, well, the drinking not only continued, but actually became worse.
Now he had cause to celebrate, didn’t he?
He could afford to celebrate too.
And buy everyone else around him all the drinks they wanted as well! (‘It was tradition – convention!’ he’d insist happily whenever Holly scolded him for immediately squandering everything once more.)
Remarkably, although his drunkenness at the table naturally made his bets wilder, and evermore ridiculously extravagant, it far more unusually had no other detrimental effect on his play.
Like everyone else who’d marvelled at Hal’s gaming skills, Holly had never understood how he could continue to play and win while being in all other ways completely insensible.
Now she knew, of course, how he’d managed this seemingly impossible feat.
The cards had won the games for him. Despite Hal being drunk and even more irresponsible than normal!
So why, when she now more fully realised the potential of what must surely be a magical deck, was she still holding back from taking to the tables herself?
It was down to more than just the anxiety of wondering how she’d explain everything to the queen.
It was a fear she’d had almost from the beginning that the pack could only ever give its dealer the winning hand.
This was no small matter.
For once she handed on the pack to someone else to deal, would they win the hand? 
Of course, it would make sense that the owner of the pack would continue to win – yet how could a deck of cards (yes, even a magical one!) know where its owner was now seated about the table?
That, surely, was impossible!
And yet she’d seen Hal continue to win as other’s dealt out his cards.
Did it require some extra command, or at least notification, to the deck? 
Oh, if only he were still around to teach her the secret of how to use the cards!
But then, if he had still been around, the cards wouldn’t be hers to use anyway, would they now?
She faced an apparently insurmountable problem – for as long as she continued practising dealing out the cards around an empty table, she had no way of knowing.
For, naturally, only she could ever be the dealer!
She either had to risk taking to the tables without first clarifying this – or she would have to involve someone she could trust in her practice sessions.
Someone she could reveal her secret to without them taking advantage of the knowledge to enrich themselves.
Which would be…absolutely no one she knew.
The only one who might come reasonably close to being a trusted friend would be Vee, like her a lady-in-waiting to the queen.
Yet, just like her too, Vee’s ultimate loyalty must always be to the queen – as the queen herself reminded them on a daily basis amongst a well-practised mingling of veiled threats and a carefully assumed tenderness.
No – she couldn’t even trust Vee in a matter like this.
She was left with no choice, then, but to join the games and learn of the deck’s intricacies and foibles as she played.
She was increasingly desperate for money, her debts mounting daily – but for a while at least, she would have to continue to eke out what little she had while tempering the amounts she gambled.
Otherwise, even with these cards, she could so easily lose everything on an unexpected turn of a card and end up in the debtor’s prison.


*


When she was almost fully recovered – at least physically – Ganieda was both surprised and remorseful when she heard that the king was now the one who was so ill he’d had to take to his bed.
‘We fear he may have caught the illness you brought here, Your Highness,’ she was sadly told.
She rushed to his side – just as the king had insisted on being by her bedside, as she’d suffered the effects of what had seemed to be a high fever.
She took charge of his care, refusing to even sleep until he last began to show signs that he was over the worst of whatever illness had afflicted him.
‘What did I do?’ he asked in a daze, his first words spoken since coming out of the fever. ‘To upset you, I mean?’ he added on noticing the queen’s puzzled frown.
‘You didn’t upset me,’ the queen answered truthfully. ‘Whatever made you think such a thing?’
‘But you wouldn’t speak to me…you were avoiding me…’
The queen turned her head away in embarrassment, recognising that his accusation was true.
‘It’s…it’s difficult to explain…’ she stammered unsurely.
Reaching out, the king took her hand in his.
‘Then…I do know what it is…’ he said miserably. ‘This convention we’re tied by: that you must accept the husband your father choses – whether you love him or not!’
‘No, no! It isn’t that at all!’ Ganieda insisted, appalled that her dear husband might even think such a terrible thing. 
‘I noticed the change when you came back from enjoying the company of your sisters once more,’ the king sadly continued. ‘For my part, I confess I couldn’t have chosen a better queen for myself – though I do realise I must somehow make amends if you feel that someone as dear and beautiful as yourself could have made a better choice for herself!’
Ganieda broke down now into a flood of tears, for they were tears of happiness, concern, sadness, and fear.
‘And I, too, am more than happy with the choice made for me!’ she cried. ‘I couldn’t wish, let alone, go along with, causing you any harm!’
The king was overjoyed to hear this – but also bewildered that his wife believed he was accusing her of causing him harm. 
‘I don’t think you could harm anyone, my dear!’ he declared adamantly, even managing a low chuckle at the absurdity of even contemplating such an unlikely thing.
‘But…but what, then, my dear, when you’re placed in a position where – no matter what you do – someone will end up harmed?’ 


*


Chapter 6



‘It seems the cards love you every much as they did your brother, Madam!’
As he rose from the table to leave, the earl found it hard to keep his voice even, the bitter tremble there for all to hear.
He’d lost a great deal of money over the night’s play.
Holly had won most of it, yet at the cost of adding yet another vindictive enemy to a swiftly growing list of lords and ladies who sensed but couldn’t quite put their finger on how they’d been parted from their money. 
And Holly was far from surprised by their befuddlement: for she too was every bit as amazed by the way the cards enabled her to win the largest pots while seemingly graciously losing lesser amounts.
She didn’t have to think about how she had to go about this – it all just happened, almost naturally, as if some kind of woodland or water sprite (yet here, of course, it would have to be a spirit of gaming rooms!) flitted unseen about the table, deftly exchanging one card for another, and slipping just the right one she needed into her hand at just the right moment. 
Her concerns over who was dealing, it thankfully turned out, had no real foundation.
She would always be the one who ended up with the cards that would take the most sought after prizes! 
There were the whispers, of course, that she had to be cheating!
That her brother Hal had been renowned for it too – and obviously he’d passed on his dirty tricks of the trade to his willing sister.
Yet, naturally, despite the way her every move was carefully scrutinised by both the players and accomplishes carefully positioned to watch her, no one could come up with a scintilla of proof that the accusations were genuine rather than mere sour grapes.
‘Your luck has to run out sometime!’ a wounded opponent would sarcastically sneer as he left the table bereft of everything and more that he’d been prepared to gamble away that night. 
The debts accumulated through her brother’s wild squandering of the family’s wealth, together with her own running up of various borrowings and deferred payments, all amounted to a considerable sum.
Yet, thankfully, her winnings at the tables were at last enabling her to make headway in paying them all off one by one.
Even so, she was now entering an even more dangerous area – for no one liked to see others prosper while they floundered, especially when the two were indelibly connected. 
Envious courtiers vying for power or even relatively inconsequential royal favours were the most dangerous people of all – for at least you knew when a murderous footpad was attacking you, and therefore could fight back, no matter how fruitlessly.
A lord or lady experienced in court politics, however, would smile in your face, ensure you that they – unlike absolutely everyone else – were always there to help you.
Trust no one.
Particularly not your supposed friends.
Not that Holly had many of those left to count on – not that you could count on them anyway, of course!
Despite Hal being so wayward in his approach to money, the truth was he was not the only one responsible for the erosion – at first slowly, and latterly rather uncomfortably rapidly – of the family’s previously immense wealth and power. 
He’d inherited a reasonably sized estate by any standards on the death of their parents at sea, but it had long ago been considerably weakened when judged against the family’s heyday of influence at court.
Lands had been lost, even lives, through both poisonings and beheadings – and often on little more than the supposed denunciations by those more adept at the required Machiavellian manoeuvrings.
Having no talents capable of bringing in an income, or even efficiently managing the estate’s own potential, let alone enabling it to grow, Hal had at least possessed the wit to recognise that even the most judicious spending regime would slowly drain away the rest of what was left.
And naturally, Hal was wholly incapable of sticking to any judiciously managed scheme anyway.
He loved drinking, and heavily too.
He loved gambling, the more irresponsibly the better, as it granted him the biggest thrills – well, at least in the early stages, before his losses continued to inevitably mount.
For, of course, his love was entirely unrequited.
Drink had no love of him.
And neither, even more unfortunately, did the gaming tables.
Until that is that wondrous day when he appeared to have persuaded the cards to fall ever so deeply in love after all.
They did everything for him that he could have possible desired.
They responded to and satisfyingly answered his every whim.
They placated him at every potentially rash turn of a card. 
How had he turned about his love of the cards to his own advantage?
Nobody knew of course.
Though everyone had their wholly unfounded theories.
Except, of course, Holly realised now, the one who’d recognised that the cards themselves were the source of his new found success.
A man irredeemably jealous of the deep love shared between Hal and his cards.
How many of us, when put to the test, are capable of killing for love?
How many of us would continue that murderous spree until we attained the sought after love? 
Not many of us, perhaps.
And yet Hal had aroused just such a hateful love in someone, Holly now seriously believed.
It was the only thing that made any real sense of his killing.
Come to that, Holly thought now, what would Hal do for such a powerful, all embracing love?
Would he kill for it?
Certainly, yes – he would!
He’d become increasingly desperate, losing each night: and then, suddenly–
How had Hal abruptly come by this fabulous pack?
Why had she never asked herself this before?
Because – the answer was too horrible to contemplate.
He’d seen someone else playing, using the pack, winning all the essential hands.
He’d realised the only way to make that pack his was to…to kill its present owner!
In committing his murderous act, he’d brought death down upon himself. 
And in accepting the cards, Holly had unwittingly made herself a part of that murderous relationship too.
 

*
 

As she was taken warmly into the king’s arms, Ganieda’s resolve to protect her sisters from the harsh judgement they’d ultimately face entirely broke down.
She’d hoped, naturally enough, that she’d simply have to refuse to go through with her own part of the bargain they’d all made and sworn upon.
Her king would be spared – and she would just have to accept whatever consequences rained down upon her when her sisters heard of her betrayal.
Yet, she realised now, there must be at least one other amongst the twenty nine kings married to her sisters who felt the same way about his appointed queen as her own husband felt about her.
He deserved sparing too, didn’t he?
It wasn’t a choice to make lightly, of course: her sisters remained dear to her, no matter their wicked intentions.
Her sisters would never forgive her.
Their love would undoubtedly be transformed into a murderous hate.
Of course, she was terrified of her sisters and the vengeance they would undoubtedly take out on her – yet she remained all the more terrified of losing the love and life of her husband.
So there it was; the choice was made.
She’d chosen her love for her husband over her love for them.
She told him immediately of the plans the sisters had concocted amongst them, wholly in secret, and sworn to be fulfilled under threat of a painful death for anyone who reneged on the devilish deal made.
The king was shocked to his core.
How could they even contemplate such a monstrous scheme?
And how could his love have kept such a terrible secret from him for so long?


*


Chapter 7



Holly’s success at the tables naturally soon came under the gaze of the all-pervading eye of the queen.
Holly was commanded to pay attendance to her queen – immediately.
The queen sat before her with barely contained rage.
‘You didn’t see fit to inform me, during our last conversation, that you’d acquired the deck of cards your brother used to play with?’
‘Your Highness, I didn’t know this at the time. I found them amongst his belongings, as I prepared them for–’
‘So, by rights – they weren’t exactly left to you in any will?’
‘Well, Your Highness, they did come with a letter addressed to me…’ Holly lied quickly, before the queen furthered any claim she herself might make on the cards.
Any exchange with the queen, no matter how mundane the subject under discussion – the colour of primroses, the crinkling of a dress, or even a mouse espied in the kitchens – was fraught, possessing all the unseen dangers of a journey across unknown seas.
To answer slowly, thoughtfully, would only put the queen on guard.
You had to arrive at an answer swiftly – and then confidently continue with it, moving forward all the time with a blustering assurance that barged aside all possible doubts. 
And when that madcap rush cast you hard onto some other rocks jutting out from these treacherous seas, you had to adeptly change course to ensure you navigated them safely too.
‘A letter?’ 
The queen’s suspicions were at least partially allayed by a mingling of interest and hope.
‘Well,’ she continued sternly, ‘remind me to ask you in a moment if there was anything else Hal’s left you since we last talked: but first – what was in this letter? The secret of his wining way at the tables?’
‘No, unfortunately not, Your Highness!’ Holly chuckled disarmingly. 
‘And yet here you are, Holly; enjoying all the success at cards we’d come to jealously associate with your brother before his unfortunate end!’
‘He called it his lucky deck, Your Highness; that’s what he called it in his letter – his letter to me.’
‘Such a strange thing to say in a letter to you, don’t you think? I mean, it’s hardly likely he knew he was about to die, is it now? And if he did, why not take steps to avoid it? Why not leave you something more than a letter blithely saying this is his “lucky deck”?’
‘It was, I suppose, more the kind of letter you leave for someone dear to you, just in case anything untoward happens to you…’ 
‘So, do you still have this letter by any chance…?’
‘I threw it away…I shouldn’t have, I realise that now. But I was still suffering from the sho–’
‘Yes, yes, I know…you were in shock, right?’ the queen interrupted her in tones of exhaustion. ‘You weren’t really thinking too clearly about whatever you were doing at the time?’
‘That’s right, Your Highness; it was very remiss of me…’
‘Indeed; the last letter left you by your dear brother before he died – yet you just cast it away, like it means nothing to you…’
‘I...I felt embittered, that…that’s all that was left of him for me–’
‘My point exactly!’
‘But…but it could hardly serve as some sort of inadequate replacement for him though, could it, Your Highness? The death of a loved one affects us all in entirely different ways, I’ve heard said – and now I realise this must indeed be true! I was angry with him – yes, I know it doesn’t make much sense, Your Highness! – I was furious that he’d left me all alone! I now wholly regret treating the letter he’d left for me so casually…’ 
The queen sighed in exasperation.
‘Yes, yes – it’s all so very moving, Holly my dear,’ she said with no attempt to soften the sarcasm. ‘So what did it say – this letter?’
‘Ah, let me think now, Your Highness: ah yes! It was something along the lines of–’
‘My dear, you’re so so remarkably cavalier in your attitude to what are effectively your poor departed brother’s last words!’ 
‘Well, it said…said that if anything should happen to him, he’d like me to have his lucky cards.’
‘You’re sure now that that’s what he called them – his lucky cards?’
This took Holly a little by surprise: this emphasis on luck. She’d expected the queen to focus on and question her false claim that the cards had been left to her. 
‘Yes: and so perhaps that’s all there is to his supposed secret, Your Highness! His success was down to luck and nothing more!’
‘A truly amazing run of luck, Holly. Which you seem to have, in some truly miraculous way, inherited?’
‘If the cards are deemed lucky – well, they’d bring luck on their owner, I suppose!’
Saying that suddenly all felt wrong to her. She’d said too much, made too many mistakes.
The queen was slowly taking control of this particular game.
‘Lucky cards?’ the queen said now as if this thought had really stirred her interest. ‘The cards themselves somehow contain this remarkable luck passed down to you! As in…magically endowed, then – is that what you mean, Holly my dear?’
It was a trap.
The wrong answer could lead to accusations of invoking witchcraft. 
‘No, no,’ Holly answered a touch too desperately for her own liking. ‘Not magic; just luck – that’s all! We can all benefit, now and again, from a lucky run, can’t we, Your Highness?’
‘Of course, my dear Holly!’ the queen replied brightly – only to add more studiously, ‘Though I think we can agree that both you and your brother have benefited from something far, far more than a simple run of luck…’
‘Well, Your Highness, I…I think that…’
She was running out of answers!
‘Yes, Holly my dear?’ the queen mischievously probed.
‘The cards must be some form, perhaps, of a lucky charm–’
‘Charm? As in spells?’
Although the queen undoubtedly took an obvious delight in catching Holly out, she maintained an aura of scandalised surprise.
‘Of course not, Your Highness!’ Holly declared, as if shocked by such a claim. ‘I mean only in the way people somewhat naively believe some object or such brings them luck–’
‘In the case of your card deck, Holly, there can be no doubt that it does indeed confer the most outrageous levels of luck upon you!’ 
‘But Your Highness, surely it can’t be nothing more than Lady Luck favouring me–’
‘Lady Luck? The cards call up some heretical spirit of luck?’
‘Not some pagan goddess, Your Highness! More like…some lucky fairy–’
‘So it’s fairy magic now, is it?’
‘No, no…I mean…’
What did she mean?
She was floundering, repeating herself, making evermore mistakes, Holly realised.
‘…that’s simply me trying to make sense of it all, Your Highness! I can’t believe it’s fairy magic or any such use of charms, or what have you! It’s probably nothing more than the deck granting you the confidence to play more assuredly – yes, Your Highness, I’m sure that’s all it can be, now I come to think of it!’
The queen sighed once more, only this time in irate frustration. 
‘Well, now I come to think of it, Holly, perhaps I’ve been patient with you long enough…’
Holly couldn’t fail to note the hints of restrained anger.
‘You have been incredibly patient with me, Your Highness!’ Holly quickly agreed. ‘I’m eternally grateful to you, for, I realise now, I’ve not been myself, have I, since suffering the loss of my dearest brother? I can only ask that you bear with and forgive my momentary befuddlement and foolishness and–’
‘Yes, Holly, I can see that you’re in a state so unnaturally unbecoming of you: and so may I suggest that, to nip all this in the bud, before you become much worse, and, perhaps, even unsaveable, we must remove the source of your unfortunate condition…’
‘Condition, Your Highness?’ Holy repeated worriedly.
‘I mean, Holly, that this sad state of affairs might only be rectified by first determining its very source.’
‘Source, Your Highness?’ Holly replied warily.
‘Why, this deck of cards, Holly! You’re obviously fraught beyond all norms, and these cards have you entirely flustered – are they magical, heretical, based on the most dubious charms, or, worse, are they objects of fairies or even witches?’
‘I’m quite sure–’
‘Yes, yes, Holly: you’re sure that the safest place for them is in my keep! For only that way can we subject them to the study of the natural philosophers capable of determining the myriad ways that they’re undoubtedly endangering your very soul!’ 
‘Off course you’re right, Your Highness,’ Holly agreed resignedly, with a demure bow of her head, ‘I couldn’t think of a safer place for them!’


*


Having told her husband, Ganieda would next have to tell her father of her sisters’ scheme.
Her sisters were undoubtedly committed to carrying out their carefully laid plans.
And as soon as news of it all arrived at her father’s court, the king would also undoubtedly want to know why Ganieda hadn’t taken part.
Why, too, if she so obviously and rightfully disagreed with the plot, she hadn’t informed him of her sisters’ intentions.
The fact that she’d warned her husband but not him would only make matters worse for her.
And he would be right to be furious with her – for she would ultimately be held responsible, as she could so easily have prevented it all from happening.
She and her king rode hell for leather to her father’s court. And once there, she once again tearfully and fearfully revealed her sisters’ secretive arrangement. 
The king was shocked and ashamed that his daughters could even think of such a thing.
It was truly the most horrific thing he’d ever heard.
And his own daughters were the one’s who’d concocted it all too!
He was more furious than Ganieda had ever seen him.
Ironically, Ganieda feared now for her sisters.
What kind of punishment lay instore for them?
How would they punish her in turn when they heard that she was the one who’d betrayed them?
Had she done the right thing after all?
Her father reassured her that she had.
That this simply could not have been allowed to progress any further.
Otherwise, the souls of every one of them would have been surely damned.
The histories tell us that here the king exonerated his youngest daughter Ganieda.
He sent her back to live happily with her husband.
That, unfortunately, is the very last we hear of them.
Which leaves us no alternative but to utilise mere conjecture if we wish to determine what might reasonably have happened to them afterwards.
Ganieda and her king were quite clearly in love with each other.
Yet, would it last?
Sometimes, if we’re being honest, love can gradually fade away.
In such a case, at best it may become nothing more than an acceptance that they keep to their marriage vows and remain loyal to each other. 
In other, even more unfortunate instances, love can turn to hate, as familiarity first transforms into boredom, then irritation, and, finally, an inescapable sense of entrapment.
Let’s hope this wasn’t their luckless fate.
The histories, however, do tell us what happened to her sisters.
They had never loved their husbands.
They’d hated their spouses right from the very beginning.
Yet they would go on to find love of a kind. 
Though it was a love that most would consider a danger to the soul.


*


Chapter 8



The queen couldn’t have made it any clearer: she expected Holly to hand over the cards to her.
For the goodness of her soul, naturally.
What was the alternative? She would undoubtedly be accused of witchcraft, or something at the very least akin to it, otherwise. 
She’d been left in no doubt that the queen herself would make sure of that if it appeared that the cards ‘exerted too firm a hold over her’.
How could she prove this wasn’t the case?
Why, only by divesting herself of the evil burden her brother had so distressfully left her to carry.
He had left her in a cruel dilemma, hadn’t he?
At least, Holly supposed, emanating a long, resigned sigh, the threat of being killed for the deck would be removed. 
It might even have been one of the queen’s knaves who’d carried out Hal’s murder for her.
She was obviously desperate to own the deck.
And those desperate to own it were equally obviously capable of killing for it.
Isn’t that truly the only way her brother could have come by the cards?
There couldn’t have been anyone more desperate than her brother to own such a magical – yes, there you have it, freely admitted now: magical! – deck of cards.
Had he killed someone to obtain them?
Someone must have owned them before he did.
And it’s not the kind of thing you’d willingly sell, no matter what the price offered.
Not that Hal had much at all to offer.
A sharp knife always easily renders such a miserable position irrelevant.
It was pure, poetic justice, then, that she’d found herself fearing the assassin’s blade.
Yes, unburdening herself of that fear would be a relief.
She paused, her hand briefly hovering over the cards she had been about to pick up off her table.
But…would such a fear come to an end on delivering the cards to the queen?
She would be the only one who knew the queen’s secret.
Why would the queen take the risk that her secret could be revealed by Holly? 
She wouldn’t: not when a swift sword thrust removes the threat in an instant.
Holly let her hand fall on top of the cards.
Better death from a sharp blade, she reasoned, than suffering the torturous justice inflicted on anyone charged with witchcraft.
A slender hand now fell on top of her own hand, preventing her from picking up the deck.
‘Tut, tut, my dear,’ came a cool, calm, yet admonishing voice, ‘you disappoint me – giving in so easily!’
‘What? But…’
Startled – for she’d naturally believed she was in her room all on her own – Holly nervously glanced everywhere about herself.
The voice had come from nowhere.
As for the hand firmly holding hers in place, it was horrifyingly disembodied.
Before Holly could fearfully cry out, another hand slipped tightly about her mouth.
And then the wrists of each hand swiftly grew, rapidly extending back until they were fully formed arms. Next a regally attired torso appeared, all finally topped off with the golden-crowned head of a benignly smiling woman.
‘There’s a better, much fairer decision to be made, I believe,’ the woman opined disarmingly as she cautiously lifted her hand away from around Holly’s mouth.
‘Who…who are you?’ Holly asked fearfully. ‘How did you get in here?’
‘Why, you invited me, Holly!’ the lady chuckled richly, squeezing Holly’s hand about the pack a little. ‘For I’m, shall we say, the Queen of Cards.’


*


The king summoned the twenty-nine queens and their husbands to his court.
It was perfectly clear to him what he must do.
As each king and queen arrived at his palace with their retinue trailing behind, he didn’t warmly greet them as usual. Rather, he waited until they were all in attendance before inviting them all to join him in his courtroom.
If any of the queens noticed that the youngest sister, Ganieda, wasn’t amongst them, they naturally realised that they couldn’t draw the others’ attention to it. This would only cause everyone else in the room to suspect they believed something was amiss.
Eventually – although, by rights, the king should be allowed to speak first – Queen Albina raised the matter that, surely, they must wait until every sister stood before their father.
‘I’ve spoken already to Ganieda,’ the king declared: and here the heart of every sister almost stopped beating there and then.
Their secret was out!
Had Ganieda been forced by the king to admit to everything?
How much of the plot had she revealed?
A rapidly growing sense of dismay and foreboding swiftly spread through them all.
Rising to his feet, the king began his address by apologising to the kings standing before him.
For in truth, he had put a viper to their every breast.
The kings, naturally, were shocked to hear him say this.
Whatever could he mean?
Each queen standing beside them, however, paled in mounting dread.
‘On exactly the same night,’ the king continued, ‘at exactly the same time, and all through some secret agreement, you were each to be murdered in your beds!’
The kings gasped in horror.
‘Who?’ they cried.
Who could wish such a thing upon us?
Who would betray us so, that we’d be killed in our beds?
‘You would be killed while you slept,’ the king explained, ‘and each by the fair hand of your own queen!’
Most of the kings naturally refused to accept that such a thing could be possible.
Why would their wives, each of whom had gained so much from being queen, have sought to murder them?
Yet they noticed their queens remained silent, making no move at all to protest their innocence. When Queen Albina finally spoke, it was only to effectively condemn them all.
‘We sought only justice: to be freed from the imprisonment of unjust marriages.’
‘Justice, as you say, must be done: and most fairly too,’ the king sternly retorted. 
‘What will you do with us?’ Queen Albina calmly asked.
‘Be assured,’ the king replied sternly, ‘I will not in any way be swayed from my appointed purpose by recollections of the beautiful times I previously shared with you, my dear daughters.’


*


Chapter 9



‘Why did we have to move in here? If you’re now around to protect me, why didn’t we just stay at court?’
The family’s one remaining home wasn’t much to look at.
Still less was it the kind of place where a high-born lady-in-waiting to the queen like Holly should be forced to live.
Looking about her now, Holly recognised that it was much in need of repair, let alone an updating of its badly worn furniture, drab curtains, and dusty tapestries. 
The expenditure required would be enormous, even to make the very first improvements that would begin to make the place at least reasonably habitable.
Yes, she was undoubtedly in dire need of the monies the cards could undoubtedly provide.
Yet this Queen of Cards had insisted that, due to the unpredictable nature of the present situation, retreating to this despondent slum was definitely a wise move to make. 
‘You need time to address your fears and worries. Besides, it gives us time to get to know each other better, doesn’t it? And free of all those most irregular interruptions too!’
The servants, Holly had soon realised, could neither see nor hear this magical Queen of Cards.
Not that she was always around anyway.
She seemed to appear whenever it suited her, rather than at Holly’s discretion.
Despite Holly’s distaste for her relatively impoverished surroundings, and her constant grumbling, she had to admit it made sense to retreat way out here at least for a while. 
She’d written a hasty letter to the queen, explaining that she’d had to flee for her life.
She was sure, she’d claimed, that whoever had killed Hal was now also seeking her life too!
To keep the deck from the clutches of the assassin, and ensure it remained safe for the queen, Holly had had no option but to take it with her: otherwise, how could she prevent the murderous thief from rifling through her apartments while she was away?
Naturally, Holly had recognised that there were advantages to moving all the way out here.
It might only delay the handing over of the deck to the queen, of course.
Yet it gave her extra time to think of any possible alternatives.
And the Queen of Cards had assured her that alternatives most surely existed.
Maybe it should have come as more of a terrifying shock to Holly when the queen had so abruptly appeared before her like that.
And yet she’d already readily accepted the idea that the cards were magically endowed.
That, too, they might have something to do with a Lady Luck, or some such similar spiritual entity.
So, a Queen of Cards?
Well, why ever not?
It made far more sense than trying to apply reason to however the cards could achieve so much with so little effort from the player wielding them. 
Besides, there was something about this queen, rather than the queen she’d been brought up to serve, that instantly commanded attention.
Her whole manner was elegantly regal, effortlessly considered, effusing a sense of calm and pleasantness – while also remaining entirely authoritative.
There was much to learn from her, Holly had immediately recognised.
Her voice, too, of course, was commanding, while retaining an air of grace and understanding.
‘You’re such a beautiful girl, Holly,’ she’d observed on the occasion of their very first introduction. ‘Yet you don’t do yourself any favours by refusing to use it wholly to your advantage.’
‘I have to make do with cast offs from friends,’ Holly had replied sourly, though, naturally, her bitterness wasn’t aimed in any way at this obviously extremely perceptive queen, ‘dresses that are out of date and worn, cosmetics that are all but dried up to crumbling blocks.’
‘Well, certainly, we’ll soon be able to do something about that, won’t we?’ the queen had chuckled good-naturedly, 
Holly’s own chuckle was tinged with regret and resignation.
‘Of course – you wouldn’t know that the queen’s demanded I hand over the cards!’
‘Oh, but I do know, Holly. And that’s why I thought it was time to make an appearance – to give you time to work out how to avoid such a foolish move!’
So, here they were, in the family’s last remaining country retreat; well, to be wholly honest, the family’s last remaining property.
‘Trust me,’ the queen had assured her, ‘it will grant you a much needed period of inner reflection, once you’re clean away from the current demands of your position…’
Here, it was true, Holly swiftly learned from the queen how to make even more of the cards’ remarkable powers; all of which, of course, only made her all the more determined to hold on to her precious deck.
For it was the Queen of Cards herself, naturally, who would imperiously sit at or deftly move around the table, entirely invisible to all but Holly, dictating play, ordering her obedient court to swiftly shift positions wherever necessary.
Whenever the deck was exchanged for a more regular set, the queen’s hands whirled in a flurry of movement – such that Holly wondered just how many hands she possessed! – slipping cards from here to here, so smoothly and quickly that it would be undetectable to anyone, even Holly, if the queen hadn’t graciously demonstrated, in a slower motion, exactly what was taking place. 
It was truly wondrous to watch! 
Yet how could all this – no matter how incredibly remarkable it all was – help Holly resist handing the deck over to her queen?
‘You still need answers to your dilemma, yes?’ the Queen of Cards said one day with a knowing smile, noting Holly’s angry, puzzled frown as she fruitlessly contemplated ways of avoiding what appeared to be the inevitable. 
‘Don’t we all?’ Holly replied morosely.
‘Precisely, my dear Holly; we all seek answers to life’s problems and vagaries, don’t we?’
‘If I knew of some great sage who could provide even some of those answers – well, I’d be seeking him out right now!’
‘Seeking her out, I think you mean Holly.’
‘Her? You mean such a person actually exists?’ Holly asked hopefully, her interest piqued. ‘Someone like you, you mean?’
‘No, no – I mean someone like you, Holly!’


*


Although he’d previously admired and respected the closeness that his daughters had forged between themselves, now the king feared it.
It had led, after all, to this highly secretive, incredibly evil plan of theirs.
If it had all come to fruition, which it had been very close to achieving, it could have entirely subverted the very fabric of the state and the society of his realm. 
Their behaviour was thoroughly unacceptable. It had brought shame on themselves. And shame on him, too, for allowing them a degree of independence that had almost resulted in the most horrendous outcome imaginable.
He told them all this while he still had them all standing before him, leaving them in no doubt that he thought their action and intentions had been wholly reprehensible – and thereby worthy of the most serious levels of punishment.
‘I think you’re thoroughly exaggerating the consequences, Father,’ Queen Albina declared proudly, to nods of agreement from every sister. ‘We all sought not only guidance from each other on this matter, but, to be sure we arrived at the correct solution, we also each withdrew to contemplate our choices in private, seeking answers from the inner guidance of our very souls.’
The king realised that, to arrive at the truth of the matter, he would have to separate them: to interrogate them one at a time, isolating each one of them to ensure they couldn’t be in anyway influenced by the presence of the others.
Even questioned separately, however, the sisters could all have been answering as one.
Not one of them expressed any feelings of guilt.
None demonstrated any remorse or shame.
Rather, it seemed to the king, they spent the greater part of the time vainly attempting to defend and justify their intentions, coming up with the most spurious excuses for what was quite clearly the most unwarranted behaviour. 
Their only sense of dismay revolved around the unfortunate fact that their plot had been discovered. 
No matter how much the king probed them, then, he couldn’t arrive at anything even closely resembling a true and valid reason for their proposed actions.
The king was at a loss to find absolutely no sense of contrition.
He needed time to think, to reflect on everything he’d recently learned.
He would withdraw for a while from the daily workings of his rule, leaving the running of his realm – at least for a while – in the hands of the twenty nine kings.
The queens remained locked within their apartments.
Where, the king declared, they would have plenty of time to themselves to contemplate the great and unforgivable injury they had secretly planned to bring down on his and even their own realms. 


*


Chapter 10



‘Such luck at the tables – just like your brother too, Holly! It was bound to bring the queen’s unwanted attention fully upon you!’
Holly’s friend Vee had arrived unexpectedly at the house, seeking her out, she said, to warn her that the queen was furious at her for some unfathomable reason.
‘The queen quite obviously doesn’t believe that you’ve retreated here because your life’s in danger, I’m afraid Holly!’
Vee had known where Holly would be hiding out: ‘Where else could it be, Holly, when you have so few properties to call your own these days?’ 
Holly had, of course, cursed Vee under her breath when Vee had pointed this out on her arrival.
It might be true, yet Holly hardly needed reminding of her family’s precipitous fall from grace.
It rankled all the more because Vee’s family were rising ever more quickly up through the ranks of those vying for the queen’s attention and favours.
The dress she wore today, even though it had been used for riding, was far superior to anything Holly had in her own wardrobe at present.
Yet when they’d first come across each other as fledgling ladies-in-waiting just two years ago, their positions had been wholly reversed.
Yes, Holly’s family at that point benefited from nothing like the previously high standing they’d enjoyed. But their fortune wasn’t entirely eaten away: that would come with the death of her parents, and the subsequently hurried calling in of loans as lenders and even close friends rightly feared Hal’s infamously irresponsible handling of money.
As Holly fell, Vee rose.
Yet their friendship remained, thankfully, steadfast.
Holly would have to be a complete fool to spurn someone who might be able to help her regain at least some of her former glory and influence.
‘But it’s true, Vee,’ Holly insisted as Vee informed her of the queen’s suspicions regarding claims of attempts on her life. ‘Someone is out to kill me – just as they murdered Hal!’
‘Oh, Holly! Why would anyone want to kill you? It’s an absolutely preposterous thought! You must realise that poor Hal was drunk – as usual – and in a part of town best avoided too! I’m sure, Holly, we’ll never find you in either position!’
‘And yet I swear it’s true! This luck at the tables you refer to? Well, someone mistakenly believes it’s all down to some secret I have in my possession – just as they used to believe Hal had it in is!’
Holly was trying ever so hard not to be distracted by the presence of the Queen of Cards, whom, of course, Vee remained totally unaware of. And this was despite the fact, too, that the queen moved closely about Vee, taking in everything she could about her curiously, utilising a flurry of swiftly moving hands to gently and remarkably surreptitiously lift lace and layers of the dress, as if searching something out.
‘A knife, my dear,’ the queen explained, unheard of course by Vee, ‘I’m sure she has a knife about her somewhere.’
Just how many hands did the queen have?
Holly had tried to count them on numerous occasions, and all in vain.
Eight, maybe?
That would make some kind of sense after all: four queens, and therefor four pairs of hands?
‘I never heard such nonsense, Holly! Surely you must be feverish – I know of a doctor who might help for a very reasonable fee!’
Reasonable for you maybe, Holly thought bitterly, wondering if Vee’s comment had meant to wound her so.
‘Now, between you and me, as the oldest and dearest of your friends,’ Vee continued before Holly had any more time to consider it as an intended insult or not, ‘I think there’s actually an extremely easy way to assuage the queen’s anger…’
Behind her, the Queen of Cards smiled knowingly at Holly.
What did that smile mean? Holly wondered.
It seemed to her to be an expectant smile, like the queen had been simply waiting for this moment to arrive – and now, at last, here it was.
‘There is?’ Holly replied to Vee, more distractedly than she’d intended.
‘For, Holly,’ Vee continued obliviously, ‘well, you know how it is when you’re conversing with the queen, yes? You have to read, as it were, between her many, cryptically delivered lines to discern her true meaning and intentions: and woe betide anyone who remains incapable fo such a thing!’
Holly had to smile.
All this was indeed true.
‘She’s forever placing the most terrible mantraps in your way – all of which have to nimbly side stepped! And, well, I ascertained, I believe, the real reason for the queen’s fury over you leaving court so hurriedly!’
‘Yes, Vee? What could it all possibly be about?’
Like the Queen of Cards, Holly could now see where all this was leading.
The card deck.
The queen had sent Vee to retrieve the pack of cards!
‘I believe it all comes down to nothing more than some promise she believes you’ve made to present her with some deck of cards or other: and you just know the high-importance she gives to present giving – as long as she’s the ones doing the receiving!’
‘Ah, yes, I did promise something or other…’ Holly agreed, albeit in tones implying she wasn’t quite clear, or couldn’t, even, quite recall exactly what she’d offered the queen.
Behind Vee, the queen grinned wryly, wagging an admonishing finger, warning Holly to be careful that she didn’t give too much away: they needed to see, after all, just how much Vee knew.
Naturally unaware of this secretive communication, Vee brightened on hearing Holly’s admission that she’d offered the cards to the queen.
‘Well there you have it, Holly! There’s no need at all to retreat to this dreadful place! You’ve simply angered the queen for no real reason whatsoever! Over a silly pack of cards, of all things!’
‘It’s more than the queen’s anger I fear–’
‘Hah, this supposed assassin? Holly, my dear: if that were indeed the case, then I would suggest you need to restore the queen’s favour – and protection – all the more quickly! I can ride back with your gift of the cards today, plead your case for protection: and we’ll have you safely back at court within the week!’
Behind her, the queen raised a finger to pursed lips – Shuusshhh! 
‘But Vee,’ Holly said, stalling a little while she gathered her thoughts to give a suitably evasive answer, ‘I don’t have the cards here!’
‘You don’t?’
Vee irately frowned. 
‘I had absolutely no need of them, naturally,’ Holly continued breezily. ‘They’re in my apartments – hidden away, of course, as I wanted to ensure they were safe, seeing as how I’ve promised them to the queen!’
The queen now standing by Vee’s side nodded in appreciation of Holly’s deft handling of the situation. 
‘Introduce her to my sisters: distract her – quickly,’ she advised mischievously, using her odd euphemism of ‘sisters’ to describe the new cards she’d created to add to the present pack.
‘Although, Vee,’ Holly declared brightly, ‘I have a new and far more interesting deck!’
‘More interesting?’ Vee replied doubtfully, her frown now a touch distrustful. ‘And does this one also endow you with the most astonishing luck too?’ she added with something close to a disbelieving sneer.
‘Oh, more than that, Vee – for it can accurately determine what the fates have in store for you!’
In fact, the Queen of Cards had promised Holly that the new deck including her ‘sisters’ could achieve even far more than this.
For they didn’t simply predict a possible future – the dealing of the cards ensured that it would most surely come to pass! 
Indeed, the cards themselves would determine the future, far more inevitably than this foolish notion of Fates and threads of life.
‘Cards that reveal our–’ 
Vee’s excited initial interest was abruptly tempered.
‘I’m sure I don’t have time for such frivolities, Holly!’
‘Hah: so she does have something to hide!’ the queen exclaimed triumphantly 
‘Oh come, come, Vee: how many times did we use to say we’d like to know what the future held for us? Doesn’t everyone wish to know what’s foretold?’ 
Before Vee had chance to demur, Holly pulled open the drawer of a nearby desk, reached in, and took out the set of cards, handing the deck directly to her immediately surprised friend.
‘But isn’t this…?’
Vee naturally recognised the design of the pack she’d seen Hal seated at the tables with – although it felt and looked far too new to be the ancient deck she was seeking. Besides, the pack seemed stranger in some other way, like there were far too many cards.
‘No, it’s not the pack promised the queen, if that’s what you mean,’ Holly replied in answer to Vee’s startled query. ‘There are an extra twenty-eight cards in this particular pack; although, admittedly, two are only the end cards, which I’ve removed.’
She raised the two blank cards she’d retained, cards that the queen had assured her were far more essential than they might otherwise appear, for they helped contain the extra powers endowed by the newer cards. 
‘There are four knights added to the court cards,’ Holly continued, even as she signified, with an empty shuffling motion of her own hands, that she wanted Vee to mix up the deck, ‘along with twenty-two of the strangest cards you’ve ever seen: including lovers, a magician, a priestess, and the sun, moon, and a star – even, Vee, death!’
Yes, Holly thought now, they were indeed very odd cards for the queen to continue to refer to as her ‘sisters’, particularly as they only contained one queen – although, it had to be admitted, this queen of the new cards seemed to her to be far more powerful than their king.
Vee’s expertly smooth shuffling of the cards faltered. She handed the deck back to Holly as if eager to be rid of them.
Holly dealt out the top card, flipping it over as she did so – and the queen moved with a lightning swiftness, exchanging cards, such that by the time it had landed in full view upon the desktop it had become a colourful court card.
A queen. 
‘That’s you!’ Holy declared adamantly. 
‘Me? A queen? But I don’t want my future fore…’
Ignoring Vee’s half-hearted, uncertain protestations, Holly quickly and deftly placed three more cards facedown and crisscrossed upon the queen. Twelve more, also facedown, encircled them.
The Queen of Cards, as far as Holly could tell, had only changed the first card that would be revealed.
It was Death.
Vee visibly paled.
‘Oh, don’t worry, Vee,’ Holly began to explain, ‘it doesn’t mean you’re about to die–’
‘Stop this! Stop this right now, Holly!’ Vee cried out fearfully, reaching out to scatter the cards. ‘I came as a friend to help you, and yet you seek to make me every bit as frightened of shadows as you are!’
The Queen of Cards studiously regarded her reaction.
‘She’s scared, as I’d hoped – but not for the reasons she’s making out!’
‘Please, Vee,’ Holly persisted, ‘I–’
Vee was already turning as if to leave in distress.
‘These cards probably add to the queen’s fears!’ she snapped. ‘I suggest, Holly, that you tell me where you’ve hidden the cards promised her in the hope we might yet appease her!’
‘But Vee, there are other, personal items…’ Holly lied.
‘Then I shall avert my eyes!’
‘We’re ready; my sisters are ready – we should leave,’ the Queen of Cards told Holly confidently.
‘No, Vee,’ Holly said excitedly, ‘there’ll be no need: for I’ll return with you, and present the cards to the queen myself!’


*


Has there ever been any other time when twenty-nine queens fell so precipitously from power all at the very same time?
It was also the time of the fall of thirty kings.
Yes, thirty: for the queens’ father was left no less weakened than their husbands.
Their authority had been bravely challenged.
Their decisions mocked and rebelled against.
To the extent that the rebels had murder in their hearts.
The queens’ intentions and actions had endangered each and every realm: for if a daughter, a wife, a queen wilfully disobeys the directions of a father, a husband, or a king – well, then why should anyone else respect such obviously unnecessary authorities?
It was a profound shaking up of the very bedrock of a previously smoothly flowing society.
It had turned everything upside down.
A queen does not command a king!
A wife does not disobey a husband!
A daughter does not mock a father!
Still less does a queen, a wife, daughter, plan to murder (or at least, in the father’s case, overthrow) their god-appointed betters!
It could lead only to the return of a primordial chaos throughout the realms, perhaps even the whole world.
What could the fate of such thoroughly evil-minded queens be, now they had thankfully been caught before fulfilling their worst desires?
The king their father knew of only one course of action he could take.
There was no other option but to put them on trial.
And yet, surely, their fate was inevitably sealed.


*


Chapter 11



‘So, my lady-in-waiting returns at her own discretion!’ 
The queen’s manner was suitably scornful as Holly bowed low before her on being granted audience. 
‘Your Highness! I only hoped to ensure the cards were safe before I fulfilled my promise to you.’
She held out the deck of cards towards the queen who, surprised that the surrender had been accomplished so easily after all, curiously raised an eyebrow.
‘If the cards contain any dangers, Holly,’ the queen declared doubtfully, ‘I think I’m in a far better position than you could ever hope to be to control and subdue them...’
‘Undoubtedly, Your Highness! It was just that, when they brought on my fever, leaving me at death’s door–’
The queen’s hand abruptly paused, hovering uncertainly over the deck being offered to her.
‘You caught a fever from the cards?’ the queen asked in the most wary tones.
Holly knew what she would be thinking.
The Queen of Cards had warned her to be prepared for this exact reaction.
She would be fully aware, of course, that certain ancient items in particular were infamously renowned for their ability to pass on age-old fevers and maladies.
Yet, on the other hand, the queen would also be wary of Holly’s attempt to dissuade her from accepting the pack.
‘It could only have been the cards, Your Highness: for I realised it all started when I first began to feel the very coldest of chills across my forehead whenever I picked up the deck!’
The queen frowned doubtfully – then reached for the pack.
Instantly, the Queen of Cards appeared almost directly in front of her, waving a hand across her forehead, leaving behind a wave of air almost frozen to a chill by underground spring waters.
The queen shuddered in horror.
She drew back her hand, touched her forehead in the hope of reassuring herself she’d simply imagined her unnerving experience.
No, there was no doubt at all that her forehead was still chilled almost to a painful coldness.
Could the cards really be the cause?
What else could it be?
‘And you were offering these cards to me?’ 
The queen gazed in wide-eyed horror at Holly.
‘I was merely fulfilling my promise, Your Highness – at your express request! For as you only recently declared, you have the wherewithal of a queen at your disposal to deal with any ill-intent resident in the cards!’
‘Disposal may be the entirely correct word here, Holly! It appears all the more obvious to me that some dark charm’s involved – burn them. You’re relieved of your promise!’
‘Yet what kind of dark charm would bring its holder success at the tables, Your Highness? Their malaises stem only from their truly ancient provenance, an effect recognised by all the wisest natural philosophers: for it’s said aged artefacts may retain any dread miasma of their age!’
‘And knowing this, you quite literally spread them – spread its malodours – about every gaming table?’
‘And yet who falls ill, other than their owner, Your Highness? No one has been sourly affected, save those in close and regular contact!’
‘Yet you don’t appear in any way ill to me…’ 
‘I suffered deeply throughout my hermitage – my body everywhere defaced with the most horrendously ugly, weeping boils. If it hadn’t been for my youth, Your Highness, I would surely have wholly succumbed.’
The queen observed her doubtfully.
She gazed down even more doubtfully at the cards, still being held out towards her by Holly.
‘I also discovered,’ Holly continued quickly, seizing the moment, ‘that it is actually the luck the cards bring that’s transferrable to someone other than their owner…’
The queen’s interest was piqued.
‘Which means…what exactly, Holly? How can luck be transferred to some other person?’
‘Why, Your Highness, it works, it seems to me, in the same way we’ve seen many a player claim that some gracious lady standing close by them is akin to having Lady Luck herself close by…’ 
‘You, you mean, Holly?’ the queen said, her voice full of suspicion. ‘You could stand by me as my Lady Luck?’
Holly nodded.
The queen wasn’t yet fully convinced. She eyed the cards with distaste.
‘But as for the deck – who would deal the cards?’
‘Why, you, if you so chose, Your Highness–’
The queen shrugged deeper back into her throne in horror.
‘Using a deck, too, of your choosing,’ Holly hastily added, ‘for surely you’ve noticed that both Hal and I have had luck no matter which pack we use…’
The queen eyed her thoughtfully now.
‘It would work, you think?’ she said, demanding reassurance.
‘Undoubtedly, Your Highness! With me by your side – you’re assured good luck at the tables!’ 
The queen smiled in triumphant satisfaction.
And so, naturally, did the Queen of Cards.


*


Not one of the adjudicators gathered together for the trial of the twenty-nine queens relished the role they’d been appointed to.
They would be tasked with hearing every detail of the plot the sisters had hatched in secret. Yet every one of them also knew it was a forgone conclusion.
The queens were guilty. They’d openly admitted that numerous times now.
They appeared to have no fear at all of the consequences of their planned yet thankfully ultimately thwarted actions.
They sat stoically throughout the trial, betraying no emotions of either regret or shame on their faces or in their demeanour.
Together – it seemed to all who witnessed their untroubled behaviour – they’d forged some inner, linking strength that granted the most formidable support to each and every one of them.
How else could it be explained that not a single tear was shed at any point in the presentation of damning evidence that they would have gone through with the murder of their husbands as they slept?
Not a tear was shed, either, as the summing up of all this evidence pointed to an undoubted guilt on the part of them all.
Surely, though, their impassiveness would crumble and they would plead and beg for mercy when the final ruling was pronounced?
Did they foolishly believe that their father the king would pardon them at the last moment?
Or that the adjudicators would fear the king’s wrath if they condemned his daughters to death?
If so, they soon learned the error of their thinking when their father sternly pronounced before the court that he couldn’t see any alternative but to deliver a death sentence – for otherwise, how could he expect his people to continue obeying laws if his daughters benefited from an ill-considered mercy?
His meaning was clear – he expected his adjudicators to abide wholly by the law.
His daughters were to be shown no unusual levels of compassion.
Still, though, the queens, as one, appeared unmoved.


*


Chapter 12



The queen revelled in her newfound role as an all-triumphant goddess of the gaming tables.
‘Truly, I’m the Queen of Cards,’ she pronounced regally as she scooped up another magnificent pot of winnings.
If the real Queen of Cards took affront at this declaration, then either she refused to show it, or Holly must have failed to spot it – for she continued without even pause in her deft manipulation of the cards as they were dealt around the table.
Just as Holly had promised, the queen’s success wasn’t in the least dependent upon who was dealing the cards, or on which deck was being used.
As long as Holly stood close by the queen’s shoulder, then victory was assured. 
Holly had to bite her tongue on a number of occasions when the queen howled in triumph as she drew in a huge stack of money and promissory notes, piles containing sums that meant little to the queen other than the triumph of the win, but could have easily paid off the last of her own debts.
The pots the queen was winning increased in size as she gained in confidence, for she invited to her table ever richer players, challenging princes and ambassadors to pit their skills against her.
Holly was aghast to see the wealth that should rightly have been hers going to an ever more avaricious queen.
‘Bide your time,’ the Queen of Cards advised her. ‘We’re playing what we could call the long game here…’
There was another, more strident reason for being patient, the Queen of Cards had informed Holly: they had to wait until the queen had become so entirely enthralled by the thrill of winning endlessly at the tables that the introduction of the newer cards – the ‘sisters’ – would be of relatively little interest to her. 
In which case, too, the fortune telling would also have to be introduced only as some mild amusement, that shouldn’t in anyway be taken seriously. 
‘But is there any way out of this?’ Holly wailed miserably. ‘Far from becoming richer, my debts are just increasing once again – the queen won’t even let me play on my own, fearing it will take the shine of her own gamesmanship!’
‘The queen will overreach herself – as many do when they acquire my cards.’ 
‘Like Hal, you mean?’ Holly replied morosely as she dealt out the full, new pack with its freshly acquired cards, as if to an invisible recipient. 
Holly practised daily with the new cards, even though she believed she was ready, desperate to make at least some money by offering what would be a highly accurate foretelling of fortunes.
Even if she briefly forgot the meanings lying behind the cards, the queen could always remind her, unheard by anyone else.
Yet the queen insisted she should reach a point where she instinctively understood each card, ensuring her readings were smooth and faultless. 
‘Yes, like Hal; like most men, indeed.’
‘And me? Do you expect me to eventually overreach myself, be too demanding – and bring everything crashing down?’
‘I wouldn’t think so, from what I’ve made of you so far.’
‘Did…did Hal talk to you, the way I am now?’
‘Naturally; I always reveal myself when I believe the time is right.’
‘And…what did he say to you? And what did you say to him?’
‘Like you, he wasn’t the slightest bit surprised at all when I appeared before him–’
‘Magic had to be involved: and I’d had an inkling that something akin to a fairy, a spirit, or maybe even a manifestation of Lady Luck herself, had to also be around somewhere too…’
‘Thoughts gradually instilled, I’m afraid, by close contact to the cards themselves,’ the queen confessed as Holly began turning the cards spread across the table face up, revealing evermore faces that appeared to mischievously grin back knowingly at her.
‘Did you warn him at any point that his drunkenness at the tables made it quite obvious that something odd was going on – when, despite this, he would win anyhow?’
The queen sighed resignedly.
‘Many times! But he insisted he couldn’t help it – that the more he won, the more he wanted to celebrate! If it’s any consolation, a great many men behaved equally foolishly.’
‘He squandered everything you helped him win! There are many things about him I find hard to forgive, I must admit!’
‘Again, many men are like this. It’s the triumph they feel in winning: they can’t see how necessary it is to lose every now and again. You make the sacrifice to achieve greater gains in the long run.’
‘Then if I ever wish to win and you think it’s not the time – then you must deny me it!’
Even as she said this, Holly realised she was agreeing to the queen’s demands that she would have to accept the humiliation of running up debts at least for a while longer.
‘Good, good, Holly; that’s indeed what I wanted to hear! In which case, then yes – we’re ready to introduce my sisters, our newest cards…but charge only very little, agreed?’
This wasn’t what Holly had wanted to hear! 
She’d wept as her debts had mounted, hoping that, when at last she began telling fortunes, her own fortune would rise with it.
Charge only a little?
But the courtiers were wealthy beyond most people’s dreams! And they would pay a fortune for an accurate foretelling of the fate awaiting them!
The queen saw and recognised the meaning behind the agonised frown upon Holly’s face.
‘The long game, Holly! The money you could make from charging high fees is as nothing to the power you’ll gradually accumulate when we begin dictating everyone’s fortunes and actions!’
She grinned.
‘The time of sacrifice, Holly, is about to end!’


*


No matter the weight of evidence gathered against her, condemning a queen to death is a decision that can never be taken lightly. 
When it comes to royalty, we’re reliably told, the appointment to rule has been taken and approved by no less than the gods themselves.
So how much harder can it be to judge that twenty-nine queens deserve to die?
And, moreover, to declare that they must die by hanging or decapitation at the hands of an officially chosen executioner?
Are you going against the will of the gods by merely setting in motion, let alone carrying out, such an unprecedented and unheard of action?
There was no doubt in anyone’s mind that the queens must be severely punished.
Yet everyone also undoubtedly doubted the full legality of executing so many queens!
Ultimately, it was agreed, the fate of the queens could only be decided by those who’d originally appointed them to their divinely ordained roles.
The gods would be the final arbiters of the judgement. 
And so a ship was specially prepared for the guilty queens. 
It would, however, have neither sails nor oars to drive it through the water. 
Neither would it have a rudder, navigational aids, or even a crew to guide it on any course.
And despite all this meaning that the ship would remain lost at sea for god knows how long, there would be no provisions to be found on board – no food, not even a crumb: no water, not even a drop.
The ship and its passengers of queens would be surrendered to the waves, and placed at the mercy of storms and the burning midday sun.
They queens had in fact been effectively condemned to death after all.


*


Chapter 13



Holly was surprised by not only the numbers of people who wanted to know their future prospects, but also exactly whom wanted to know.
It included lords and ladies whom Holly had always naturally presumed must feel entirely secure in their positions.
Yet it turned out that absolutely no one believed they were safe from unexpected changes in their fortune. 
They feared a presumably highly likely decay in their influence and lifestyles. 
Even a possible stagnating of their rise at court was something to be wholly dreaded.
They sought Holly out, asking her to provide them with reassurances that their fears were unfounded.
And so, naturally, Holly provided exactly what they each needed – which, generally of course, was a reading of a future they could look forward to.
The Queen of Cards happily obliged, deftly and invisibly exchanging one card for another whenever it suited her to do so.
For, of course, there were hidden caveats amongst each reading.
For, of course, their futures weren’t so much being foretold, as being either wholly or at least subtly altered to Holly and the queen’s advantage.
For Holly, it seemed, must always play an important role for these wondrous futures to play out exactly as the eager listeners wished.
No wonder, then, that Holly charged hardly anything for her readings.
It was a ploy that also conveniently worked to her advantage, too. Otherwise, her queen would have undoubtedly demanded a share of an extra source of enrichment.
As it was, the queen saw it all merely as some amusement, some trivial entertainment that paled beside the wealth the gaming tables were bringing her.
Not that she was against having her own fortune told – in private – of course!
The Queen of Cards’ hands were a whirl, invisible even to Holly as the queen avidly stared at the unusual cards being gradually overturned and revealed before her.
‘This isn’t a normal queen, but a queen above all others…’
‘Me? Is it me?’ the queen asked impatiently.
‘It could be you…yet at the moment, it’s some other – an empress! Yes, an empress! Does that make any sense to you?’
‘It does!’ the queen almost snarled in disgust. ‘The empress part, anyway! But what do you mean – it could be me?’
‘We have to read the card in context with the other cards revealed so far. And these, as we’ve seen, all point to the most profound changes, the reversal of roles: and so, undoubtedly, this card is pointing to the insecurity of the present queen’s – or, if you prefer, empress’s – position. And as she falls, others may rise to take what she always erroneously believed could only ever be hers…’
‘How? How could she lose them?’
‘I would have to read her cards to be entirely sure about that, Your Highness: but what we have here is a definite sense that you are a catalyst of this fall…hence why this queen card indelibly links you, one to the other, rise and reversal!’
‘Me? I set it all in motion, you mean? How? What is it that I do?’ 
More cards were overturned, more cards invisibly exchanged one for the other.
‘Her smaller realms become yours,’ Holly explained as the message of the cards became ever clearer, ‘yet not, thankfully, through war – does she play at the tables?’
‘Play at the tables! Hah!’ the queen snapped scornfully. ‘She lives by them, hardly daring to leave her seat in the midst of an important game, no matter what affairs of state need dealing with!’
‘A game? That is interesting…’
‘It is? Why? What else do you see?’
‘Well, let me see – this isn’t quite the normal way of doing this, but as it’s obviously such an important question to be addressed – do you have a normal deck of cards to hand, Your Highness?’
‘Of course!’ the queen announced excitedly. ‘It’s in my boudoir – the table with the large drawer underneath?’
Holly knew of the table the queen referred to.
She also knew this was the queen’s way of saying that it was Holly’s role to seek them out and bring them back to their table.
It only took a moment for her to step through into the other room, retrieve the deck from the drawer beneath the tabletop, and return to the table. 
Holly picked up the queen card from amongst those already laid out earlier across the table, placing it back to one side of the circular layout she’d taken it from.
‘This is the empress,’ she declared authoritatively as, picking up the new pack and expertly shuffling it, she quickly dealt out four cards, face down, above it.
She pointed to the queen card.
‘As I’ve explained, it is also you, Your Highness,’ she added, now dealing out four more cards, again face down, but this time at the queen card’s base. 
‘Now we can see what the future holds for the empress,’ Holly said, putting the pack down and turning over the first of the cards she’d dealt out across the top.
It was a queen.
Holly turned over the second card.
It was another queen.
‘Well, obviously,’ Holly chuckled, feigning embarrassment, ‘we can see she’s associated with queens…’ 
‘She’s an empress,’ her queen sighed with a resigned bitterness. ‘She controls many, many queens…’
The third card was also a queen, and, yes, even the fourth.
‘Four queens? Like a hand-?
The queen couldn’t wait for Holly to flip over the hand that had been dealt out at the queen card’s base. 
She grinned elatedly as four kings were revealed.
‘Four kings! It is a hand! 
Her eyes glittered hungrily.
With a sharp whirl of her head, she stared hard into Holly’s eyes; and yet it was a partially frightened gaze, one demanding reassurance. 
‘You...you can actually predict this? For sure?’
‘Your Highness: how often have you lost an important game recently?’
‘Yes, yes: of course!’
She glanced down towards the uncovered hands once more.
‘With four queens in her hand, why, yes, that stupid, overly arrogant empress will easily be persuaded to bid a smaller realm or two – they’re so inconsequential to her, after all! – particularly if I tempt her with an offer of the allegiance she’s long sought from me!’
‘But such high stakes–’
‘What’s at stake when I’m fated to win?’ she laughed, only to abruptly add more circumspectly, ‘You can ensure these are the hands we’ll be dealt? And in the same game, too?’
‘Naturally, Your Highness!’
I’ll invite her to court, to a game – she’s always pestering me to play…’
‘As you say, Your Highness…’
‘Indeed, I do say, Holly!’
‘But to be entirely sure, Your Highness, I must first uncover the last card in your reading: for this will determine a possible hurdle to everything foretold here coming to pass!’
She flipped over the card.
It was yet another queen, but this time one of the court cards: the very same card, in fact, that had been chosen to represent Vee when Holly had attempted to persuade her to accept a reading.
‘Another queen?’ the queen gasped apprehensively.
‘No, no, Your Highness; not here, in this position. It represents a person, a high-born lady, a lady-in-waiting most likely, perhaps even me – but…’
Holly shook her head in confusion.
‘How can you be the hurdle to all this coming true?’ the queen asked bemusedly
‘I’m sorry, Your Highness, but this all very, very odd – it doesn’t make the slightest bit of sense to me!’
‘Why? What’s wrong?’ 
The queen was desperate for a solution to this new problem.
‘Well, I mean: obviously the hurdle must be removed, Your Highness. So, surely, it can’t refer to m­e, because–’ 
‘Because I won’t get the cards I need!’
‘Yet my removal could refer to this threat to my life I’ve been living under since Hal’s death–’
‘Hah, so if you are removed, then everything falls apart, yes? The hurdle then, surely, is to prevent that. It all makes perfect sense to me!’
‘I don’t know, Your Highness, to be perfectly honest! For it’s never easy for a reader of the cards to foretell their own role – and besides, the card seems to me to be actually pointing to someone other than me, someone partially hidden from me? Does that make any sense, do you think? All I can say with any certainty at present, Your Highness, is that before you invite the empress, I should remind you that I can’t promise to actually be there for you on the day, as the assassin may strike before–’
The queen dismissed her anxiety with a casual wave of a hand.
‘Oh, Holly, you’ve always imagined this, I assure you! I’ll command it that there must be absolutely no threat upon your life!’
‘Why, thank you, Your Highness!’ Holly said with a grateful bow of her head. ‘Yet, forgive me, Your Highness, but after seeing this I’m worried…’
Unusually for the queen, she reached across the table to place a consoling hand upon Holly’s.
‘Worried over nothing, my dear Holly! Trust me – I can assure you that you’re no longer in any danger at all! I’ll personally make sure of that!’
With a wan smile, Holly glanced at the card once more, started as if struck by another thought.
‘It may not be me, after all, Your Highness, but rather, Vee–’
‘Vee?’
The queen was startled, even horrified.
‘Yes, yes – looking at it now, I–’
Holy was interrupted by an urgent knock at the door. 
‘Go away!’ the queen sternly ordered.
‘But Your Highness,’ came an uncharacteristically plaintive wail of the Captain of the Guards,’ a lady-in-waiting has been murdered!’
‘Vee!’ Holly cried in distress, fearfully gazing back at the court card, recognising at last that it was her dearest friend. ‘It’s Vee, Your Highness!’


* 


Some say that the queens all wailed and cried out for mercy as they were forced aboard the ship of death. 
Others say this is nonsense, for every one of them remained every bit as collected and unfazed as they had remained throughout their trial, as if entirely unaware of the harsh judgment cast down upon them.
Or, perhaps, they’d fooled themselves into believing their proposed actions had been wholly just, and it was the punishment that was at fault. In which case, of course, they could rely on the gods to make amends and see them take safe passage across the uncharted seas after all. 
No matter the truth of it all, we can be sure that no mercy was granted them by any of the kings or their loyal followers.
As soon as every queen was on board, the ship was towed far out to sea, then cast adrift.
From here it would be taken by the wind and the water currents to wherever they rather than the queens decreed.
Their own time of delivering commands was over.
Others had taken control of their lives.
And, of course, of their means of death.


*


Chapter 14



‘It was all very ironic, I hear,’ the Queen of Cards informed Holly once the queen had at last left with her captain to inspect the scene of Vee’s death. ‘She was killed by her own dagger: the one, you might be pleased to hear, she used to murder your brother.’
‘How could you possibly know all this? And be so sure about it all too? I know – knew – Vee extremely well: she’s hardly an assassin! She wouldn’t kill Hal, I’m sure – I’m her friend, and Hal was my brother!’
It wasn’t easy for Holly to think of her friend being murdered – let alone being a murderer.
They’d shared many experiences, working together as ladies-in-waiting for a queen who was irredeemably capricious and cruel.
They’d giggled together whenever they’d only narrowly avoided ending up out of favour with the queen through a mingling of their quick wits and earlier discussions on the various ploys that could be used to prevent falling into the queen’s evermore mischievously ingenious conversational traps.
If the queen only knew what wicked gossip they’d shared…
The late-night chuckles as they’d related the day’s events, all with the necessarily rude mimicking of the queen’s strident tones, postures, and mannerisms.
It was a well-recognised friendship that ensured Holly would never be suspected of Vee’s murder.
Besides, the queen herself could vouch for her: they’d been together, after all, when Vee had been killed.
And yet – as the queen also excitedly related to all, Holly had known even before the Captain of the Guards had entered that it was Vee who’d been assassinated.
What’s more, there was that even stranger matter that Vee herself had worriedly informed the queen about: a reading of the cards featuring Death! 
Naturally, if witchcraft were involved, Holly wouldn’t have to be anywhere near the scene of death, would she?
Not that the queen wanted Holly executing either for Vee’s murder or witchery.
She needed Holly after all, to ensure she continued to win at the gaming tables.
To ensure, moreover, that she would win against the empress, whom she’d now sent out an invite to to join her at her court.
Yet naturally, the queen also wanted Holly to need her.
To seek her protection.
For only the queen could have any hope of protecting anyone against accusations of utilising enchantments – as she delighted in reminding Holly.
‘There’s very little I can do about all these allegations of sorcery following you around, Holly, my dear. First off, of course, is this truly remarkable success at card – and now, added to all this, there are these increasingly infamous rumours that your card readings are far too accurate to be the trivial amusements you claim them to be. What can be the meaning of it all, they say, quite perceptively and wisely.’
‘The success at the tables is all down to a mix of recalling the cards used and luck, as you yourself have gained from as much as me, Your Highness,’ Holly replied in a heartfelt defence, hoping that her reminder of the queen’s reliance on her wouldn’t be interpreted as a charge of equal guilt, ‘while as for the foretellings – why, we are all aware that certain fates have each been ordained for us, and sometimes these can be ascertained by means such as interpreting the entrails of geese or strikes of lightning!’ 
‘Yes, yes – there’s truth in what you say,’ the queen agreed in a manner suggesting she was ensuring she remembered that argument for any later discussions with Holly’s more strident accusers, ‘though I would also suggest, my dear, that you temper the number and accuracy of your predictions, at least for a while.’
Despite the trouble Holly had found herself in once more, the Queen of Cards seemed rather more pleased by how things were turning out.
‘Your queen delights in all this,’ she’d pointed out with a knowing smile as soon as Holly had been left on her own, ‘your prediction – as she sees it – of your friend’s death only adds to her confidence in your abilities!’
The Queen of Cards also had a ready answer to Holly’s insistence that Vee could never murder anyone.
‘The proof will come when you discover you’re no longer the target of any assassin.’
‘How will that serve as proof when you heard the queen say I have nothing to fear anymore: which says to me that she’s probably called off the assassin she’d appointed to have me killed.’
‘Which, I assure you, was Vee. The queen fully intended to make sure you were safe by having Vee herself removed; as much, of course, to ensure poor Vee never revealed the tasks given her by the queen!’
‘There you go again; making out you know all this for sure!’
‘It was all there to be read in her cards…’
‘Her cards?’ Holly scoffed. ‘Don’t you mean the cards you made sure she drew?’ 
‘Yet the ones she had naturally drawn; why, it was all there to be interpreted, if only you’d developed more of the essential skills.’
‘I don’t have a hope of seeing the cards she really drew; you remove them all so quickly!’
‘There might be something we can do about that; but that’s a discussion for later. Besides, I only changed the one card in Vee’s reading – knowing her shaken reaction would be more than enough to unveil her nervousness and guilt.’
‘So, even from right back then, you’re saying, you knew she was out to murder me? Yet you let us ride back to court together without offering me a single warning.’
‘You’d agreed to deliver the cards to the queen: she was hardly going to kill you until you’d fulfilled that! She was only acting as a loyal courtier to your queen – not killing you or your brother just for the sake of pleasure or revenge!’
‘So…’ Holly sighed thoughtfully, ‘if one assassin has been removed – we now know yet another is at large. And whereas we could always have been wary of Vee, we have no idea of knowing who this new killer might be.’
‘Ah, you see? What did I tell you about missing the readings of the cards naturally drawn?’
‘And what did I tell you about how you remove them all far too quickly for me to see them? Who is he, then, this new murderer?’
‘Why, your queen of course!’
‘The queen? She was with me!’
‘She knows secret passages in the walls of this court that not even all her ladies-in-waiting are informed of. And you gave her time to accomplish the murder when you asked for the new deck of cards.’
‘I was only gone for a moment!’ 
‘Which was enough as Vee, as requested by the queen earlier, was hiding behind a panel watching everything. She pushed her back down the stairs, probably with the intention of removing the body later. But it seems that, although mortally wounded, Vee must have conveniently stumbled through a door into the room where she was found dead.’
‘And all that was revealed in the cards?’
‘You left me in the room with her…’ 
‘And yet you didn’t see fit to tell me of any of this when I returned from the boudoir?’
‘The shock would undoubtedly have been quite apparent on your face…’
Holly had to inwardly confess that this was undoubtedly true.
‘So, all in all,’ the Queen of Cards declared contently, ‘I believe it’s worked out well for us; restoring at least a modicum of balance by removing the more extreme elements of the situation, don’t you think?’ 
‘This is how you interpret the death of a close friend? As a restoring of balance?’
‘A close friend, if you recall, who’d callously murdered your brother?’
‘Yes, yes: there is that, I grant you,’ Holly agreed morosely, trying to maintain a sense of calm.
If she’d had any forewarning of the troubles the cards would bring her and Hal, she would have undoubtedly burnt them long ago. 


*


The farther you are out at sea, the less likely it will remain calm.
In the deeper parts of the oceans, we’re told, it’s given far more to extremes than elsewhere.
And so it proved when the oarless, rudderless ship containing the twenty nine fallen queens drifted ever farther out into the sea’s most unexplored regions. 
A storm grew about the already beleaguered vessel, starting as a heavy, windswept rain, yet transforming each hour into something evermore ferociousness and unforgiving.
Even the queens, previously so steadfast for so long in their self-belief and righteousness, began at last to wail in distress as a terrible seasickness struck them one by one. 
The more the sea churned, the more so their bellies churned along with it. Yet as their stomachs were entirely empty, they threw up hardly anything more than the air they’d breathed, for this was all they’d had to sustain them for days on end.
The great, rolling waves tossed their ship about as though it were nothing but a seed caught within the surging currents of a vast and powerful river.
‘Patience, sisters,’ Queen Albina reassured them all. ‘It will pass; as, indeed, will our hunger.’
For she showed them all that the storm was in fact a blessing: for they could collect as much drinking water as they needed if they suspended their gowns like wide-spread hammocks high above the deck.
With water to drink, they surmised, they’d at least been given a chance to survive.
And when the irritable seas at last gave up on their violent battering of the ship, and the vessel glided now across the most placid of waters, the queens toasted their great good fortune.
There was meaning to all they’d suffered, and all they’d been relieved of.
It wasn’t quite yet time to rejoice: but they all believed, without demur, that the time was close, for they were now assuredly on the path to redemption. 
Their assured faith was suitably rewarded.
For soon they came to a beautiful island, lying in what could have been the very middle of the sea.


*


Chapter 15



The queen had had a large map of her realm and the surrounding kingdoms mounted upon the wall in her apartment.
She used it to study in particular the lands of the empress that lay closest to hers, pondering how well they would fit in amongst her own territories when they came under her own jurisdiction.
How many realms should she set out to win from the empress?
Would three be seen as being too greedy?
Would two suffice? Well, at least for now.
‘Which would be the greater loss for her I wonder? The loss of a realm – why, particularly over something as trivial as a game of cards! – can cause a great deal of unrest: even, perhaps, precipitating rebellion!’
Watching her, Holly could feel nothing but loathing.
The queen seemed to think that everything she desired should therefore quite rightfully be hers.
And believing this, she’d had Hal killed.
And then murdered, by her own hands, Vee.
Naturally, Holly wanted to kill her.
Yet, instead, here Holly was, listening to the queen rejoice over the new realms she expected Holly to deliver to her.
Holly was tempted, at the very least then, to ensure the queen lost that all important hand when she was bidding her own wealth and power against whatever the empress was gambling with.
But how stupid would that be?
The queen would still retain some residue of influence. Enough by far to make sure Holly was direly punished for her actions.
Unless, unless…Holly used the cards to create a whole new future for the queen – one in which the queen died quite horribly, to make amends for all the pain she’d caused.
‘I wonder, Holly, what your cards could tell us about the empress’s future?’ 
‘When she arrives, if she grants me permission, I can read–’
‘You presume to read an empress’s fortune?’
‘Only if she–’
‘Perhaps your recent successes have gone a little to you head, my dear Holly!’
‘Then, if you so wish, I won’t presume to–’
‘Yet, Holly, I would like to know what the future holds for the empress…’
Holly was confused.
Just what was the queen asking for?
‘I could read the empress’s fortune,’ the queen abruptly declared, as if this solution had only just occurred to her. ‘There would be no presumption in that – one queen to another.’
‘But Your Highness, I don’t see how we–’
‘We?’ the queen retorted sternly.
‘But…wouldn’t you need me there, to interpret the meaning of the cards?’ Holly continued uncertainly, recognising at last that the queen was demanding she hand over the cards. 
All she could hope for now was that she could at least make sure she retained control over the cards in a similar way to how things operated at the gaming tables.
‘You will have to teach me – and quickly. How hard can it be?’
‘Your Highness, are you sure you want to possess cards that Lady Luck hersel–’ 
‘Oh, not all this Lady Luck nonsense again, Holly!’ the queen retorted with an angry, dismissive wave of a hand. ‘A Lady Luck that, supposedly, only you can somehow manage: even though your drunken sot of a brother didn’t seem to have any trouble handling her!’ 
‘He…he turned to drink because he couldn’t handl–’
‘He turned to drink, Holly, because he’d always turned to drink for whatever reason suited him!’
Holly was bemused by the irony of it all. 
Holly was at least partially telling the truth for once – and the queen refused to believe her!
For wouldn’t anyone coming across the Queen of Cards tend to think of her as some form of manifestation of Lady Luck herself? 
But what kind of luck had the Queen of Cards actually brought her?
It was the Queen of Cards who’d insisted Holly bide her time rather than taking full and immediate advantage of the wealth the cards could have so easily granted her.
‘So I have to continue to live under this foul bondage to this murderous queen?’ Holly had irately sneered the last time the Queen of Cards had told her she had to use discretion and wait a while longer – for the ultimate prize of a far more secure and stabilised level of power lay close to grasping. 
‘You call all this your foul bondage?’ the Queen of Cards had guffawed, indicating with an airy wave of a hand the riches adorning Holly’s elaborately decorated apartments.
‘Well, from that point of view, I suppose not–’
‘Then you suppose wrong! Your cage, Holly, is indeed the seductive pleasures and material goods you crave, all of which can only ever be fleetingly acquired without the security of true power! Seeking instant riches only leads to envy, threatening the stability we need to work within!’
‘It’s not stability I need, but progress,’ Holly had lamented – and now she wished she’d insisted on it all the more, for once the cards were taken from her she had no way at all of paying of her debts let alone moving up through the ranks of court. 
‘This Lady Luck, she gains a hold over you, Your Highness!’ Holly stated now with the utmost conviction. ‘She divines what will and what won’t happen!’
The queen observed her doubtfully.
‘Another excuse, Holly?’ 
‘She…she ends up dictating to you what must happen – you must believe me, Your Highness!’
‘There’s no “must” when it comes to a queen, Holly! Besides, if what you’re saying is true, then the pack is dangerous, is it not? It said Vee would die – and she did!’
At your hands too, Your Highness!
Holly thankfully held her tongue.
‘The cards merely predicted her imminent death: they weren’t the cause of it,’ Holly persisted, but now with no real assurance that she was speaking the truth.
After all, she’d seen how the Queen of Cards’ deft manipulation of the cards being dealt had indeed altered the fortunes of those who’d foolishly asked Holly to divulge whatever fate held for them.
Vee had been given the Death card.
Had the Queen of Cards been every much as responsible for Vee’s death as the queen had?
And what, then, of her brother too?
Why hadn’t ‘Lady Luck’ protected him?
Was it simply that this capability lay outside even her extensive powers?
Or was it that she’d grown tired of Hal – and saw a greater opportunity in grooming a lady-in-waiting to the queen? 
Inwardly, Holly sighed resignedly.
Maybe relieving herself of what increasingly seemed like the burden of possessing the cards might be all for the best after all.
At least, she was still alive.
Her decision was sealed by the queen’s adroit repost to Holly’s defence that the cards were capable merely of prediction.
‘And do these cards – for yes, I have noted that they’re effectively the very same cards! –  predict that I win at the table: or do they enable it?’
‘I believe you’re right, Your Highness,’ Holly declared resignedly with a demure bow. ‘I’ll see to it that the cards are delivered to you the instant I return to my apartment.’


*


Cast here by what could so easily have been divined as ill winds, the sisters soon discovered to their delight that this isle was an emerald set within the dark seas.
For it was as green and lush as anyone might hope a land might be. It thrived, too, with creatures of every kind, while being almost thankfully devoid of the more dangerous species.
The brightly bubbling springs provided water as clear and delicious as any tasted.
Even so, in most other ways it was a completely unknown world to them, beyond their experience and knowledge.
For it quite obviously lacked all the wondrous material pleasures of home that they’d become accustomed to.
But was that really such a bad thing after all?
Here they had freedom, along with the chance to create a world in their own image.
They found flints to hand that, sharp as any knives, sliced and cut easily into the rabbits they snared.
These flints also helped them make up the fires that kept them warm at night and cooked the flesh of their catches.
And then the flints could be used to cut away and cut into shape the hides that were transformed into clothes.
Gradually, the queens were establishing their control over the realm they’d been granted.
Gaining in strength and vitality with each passing day, they could only congratulate themselves that they’d not merely survived the ordeal thrust upon them, but also emerged in a way far more powerful than ever.


*


Chapter 16



As Holly miserably returned to her apartments, the Queen of Cards, seated comfortably in an elegant chair, greeted her with an admonishing chuckle.
‘Well…you fail me again, Holly!’ 
‘Fail you? In what way?’
‘You think to simply hand me over to your – as you describe her – your murderous queen!’
‘What choice do I have? If I refuse, how hard would it be now for her to condemn me to death for witchcraft? Vee’s death could more or less seal my own death, if I’m not careful.’ 
But…shouldn’t the cards be the solution, rather than the problem?
Wouldn’t handing them over to the queen be the most foolish thing of all?
‘Couldn’t we…grant the queen some other future…?’ Holly asked hopefully.
‘Ah, yes; one in which she dies, you mean?’
‘If needs be: she did murder my brother!’
‘It’s not impossible – but is it wise?’
‘Well can’t we at least just ensure she loses her crown, maybe? Oh, let me guess: you’re about to suggest biding our time?’
The queen shrugged.
‘By which time,’ Holly snapped irritably, ‘it will all be too late as, yes, you’ll be in the hands of a murderous queen! And I doubt she’ll be so easily persuaded to bide either her time or her longings for power! This is all a disaster, a complete crisis we’re in!’
‘This is all quite true.’
‘So why are you sitting there taking it all so calmly? What do we do?’
What we don’t do is lose out head–’
‘Which I most definitely will if the queen accuses me of treason!’
‘She won’t: we’re the ones who are using her!’ 
‘Really? It doesn’t appear that way to me! I can’t see the queen worrying about losing her head!’
‘Your time will come soon enough.’
‘Well, pardon me for being a touch sceptical here, but it seems a long time coming!’ 
‘Holly, it’s no time at all when you consider how vast and unforgiving time is. We have to avoid any sudden upheavals: take one step at a time – and a great stride when the time is ripe!’
‘And you? Isn’t that all a strategy that appears to work well for you, rather than me? Wasn’t Hal just one step, a steppingstone leading to me, and then on to the queen herself?’
‘I have no wish at all to become the property of your queen! If that were the case, Holly, why wouldn’t I simply have told you to fulfil her wish that you hand over the deck previously?’
Holy had to admit, at least to herself, that this was true.
She nodded, if a little unwillingly.
‘As I’ve already told you, Holly,’ the queen continued, ‘your queen is quite stupid – and that’s why she remains useful to us. Because her own uncontrollable avarice is her weakness and one that will lead to her fall when we desire it!’
‘She’s so stupid that she plans to take the deck form me, and with it all my last residues of any power I ever owned – bringing about my sure fall from grace, I think!’
The queen smiled knowingly. 
‘The deck?’ she chuckled lightly. ‘You seriously think that that’s where power lies?’
Holly confusedly gazed back at the queen, pausing awhile as she tried to work out what the queen might possibly mean
‘Where else could it lie? In you, of course; but your power’s tied in with the pack – isn’t it?’
‘So what would you say, then, if I said there’s no harm in handing over the deck to the queen – for we can ensure the powers lie within you, Holly?


*


Not unnaturally, the queens had believed that the wonderful land they’d taken possession of was devoid of any other intelligent beings, save those lower creatures provided for herding or hunting.
Yet there were beings in this realm that neither they nor anyone else knew anything of, let alone understood their purpose and motives. 
Right from the very second the queens had landed uninvited on their shores, they’d avidly watched, unseen, and admired the progress being made through the sisters’ arduous endeavours to establish order. 
They’d secretly laughed, too, that the queens had deemed to crown themselves rulers of the land. 
The moment wasn’t yet right, however, for these secretive beings to make their move.
They bided their time. 
They were sure they wouldn’t have long to wait.
Of course, the queens had no way of knowing that they were not alone. And so they continued to make the best of what they could. It was only as they increasingly made life easier for themselves that they began to have time to think of other things they lacked, things they could see no way of replicating in their new lives. 
Yes, they had wished and schemed to kill their husbands – but this was only because they hadn’t been involved in the choice of whom they would marry.
There had been other men, naturally, whom they’d found themselves desiring.
And now their thoughts returned to those handsome men.
Oh, how they wished there were some way to bring their lovers here.
Then their lives would be truly perfect.
These deeply seated passions and emotions were effortlessly sensed by the watchful beings. For this is what they fed off.
So on a night, as the queens slept, they appeared in the sisters’ dreams as the handsome men who’d been left behind.
And in this way, they actually lay each night with each woman. 
The queens only remained aware of them in their dreams and in their feelings, yet it pleased them to be desired, to be held, once more.
It all seemed so real, so wonderful.
Soon, one by one, each queen discovered that she was carrying a child.
For their lovers were somewhat like incubi or, as others liken it, the spirits of the great fall. 


*


Chapter 17



‘Your Highness.’
With the most demure of low bows, Holly presented the deck of cards to her queen.
The queen was quite surprised – and therefore highly suspicious too.
She’d expected Holly to put up far more resistance before handing over such a precious set of cards.
‘I’m hopefully reassured to see you have faith in my abilities to control the powerful charms of this deck, Holly my dear,’ the queen regally announced.
‘For I have faith, too, Your Highness, that you will use it wisely.’
It would, normally, be an incredibly foolish thing to say to the queen.
In the queen’s mind, it could so easily be interpreted as an impertinent insinuation: ‘Are you implying I need instruction on acting as wisely as you?’
Today, though, the queen held back the whip of her tongue.
She held the pack in her hands at last!
A pack more powerful in its influences than she could have ever imagined, even when it was bringing her unheard-of riches at the gaming tables.
She felt truly blessed!
Rejuvenated!
Inspired!
Nothing, surely, could now hope to stop her rise to wealth and power.
‘Would you like me to show you the meanings of the cards, Your Highness?’
The queen raised a quizzical eyebrow.
All this was coming together fear easier than she’d expected.
Holly was being far, far more reasonable than normal!
Not a single word, even, of opposition, let alone defiance. 
It took a lot of fun out of it, this lack of a struggle.
Still, the queen thought – she had the cards.
Cards that had predicted Vee’s death long before it had even entered her own head that she needed removing.
Remarkable – quite remarkable.
‘Will it take long – to learn the cards’ meanings?’ she asked Holly
‘I believe you’ll soon understand each card’s meaning, Your Highness,’ Holly lied with a bright smile.
‘Then, maybe, Holly – the first person whose future I can foretell will be yours!’ the queen beamed back mischievously. ‘For I have noticed your reticence to reveal whatever the fates have in store for you, my dear!’
There were hints of suspicion, of accusations, in her tone: had Holly refused to read her own fortune because she was nothing but a bundle of secretive thoughts she wished to keep hidden? 
‘To tell one’s own future, even with the cards? Why, I’m sure it can’t be possible, Your Highness. It seems to me that you bring to the reading too many self-doubts or aspirations!’
‘Then, by relieving yourself of responsibility for the cards, you can at last have your fate revealed, Holly!’ 
‘Indeed, Your Highness!’ Holly replied as if she truly believed this was a truly wonderful thing. (Not that it was now in anyway threatening either, thank goodness!) ‘Shall we, then, set about using a reading of my fate as your first instruction in using the cards?’ 
The queen was once again wholly surprised by Holly’s easy compliance.
Perhaps she has no ill thoughts about me after all!
In this idea, the queen was of course entirely wrong.
But then, despite her admiration for  her own talents of perception, she always missed so very, very much.
And so she naturally had no idea that Holly’s dealing out of the cards across the table before them was no ordinary deal at all.
For Holly’s hands were an invisible whirl, exchanging cards before they left the pack, as they flew through the air, as they landed, or even as they lay face down upon the top.
What did the queen wish to hear of her lady-in-waiting?
That she was entirely honest, faithful, and in awe of her queen. 
This, then, it was the cards would appear to reveal.
But in no way would the card’s dictate Holly’s fortune.


*


The realm of Albion prospered.
For the sons and daughters of the twenty-nine queens were giants who roamed the land at their ease, fearing nothing and no one.
The sisters themselves hardly aged, their rejuvenation at the caressing hands of their unseen lovers blessing them with near immortality. They imperiously reigned for uncountable years, until even the race they’d originally spawned began at last to wain, the previously luscious land bled dry by the giant’s increasingly ravenous appetites.
As the giants fought and murdered each other over what little food was left to forage, the queens were hardly discouraged, for in many ways they were embarrassed by an offspring they’d neither desired nor planned for.
Only Queen Albina had given birth to a son who appeared wholly human.
Yet even he, naturally, must have been at least part demon.
He knew of the old ways of conjuring up charms from the swirling of the air itself, from the warming flames of the fires, the powerful surging of the waters, and of the solidity of the very earth.
He had accumulated powers beyond even the understanding of his otherwise all-knowing mother.
Why, then, shouldn’t he be king?
What was the point of twenty-nine queens?
But king of what, exactly?
An increasingly empty land.
Empty of people.
Empty of a sustaining game.
The land, however, was at last beginning to recover from the ravishment it had suffered under the insatiable giants.
All he needed, then, was a new race of people to occupy it.
People from the lands he learned his mother and aunts had left behind long ago.
People whom, in all appearances, he seemed to be one of.
They’d make him their king.


*


Chapter 18



The queen, of course, couldn’t resist using the cards to unveil her own future.
Naturally, she hadn’t forgotten that Holly had performed a reading of her earlier. 
But now things were different…
For now she was the one controlling the cards.
Uncharacteristically for her, she’d listened avidly as Holly had painstakingly taken her through the multiple meanings lying behind each card.
She’d even made hurriedly scrawled notes, to serve as reminders allowing her to practise on her own.
She was more than ready, she flattered herself, to determine her own future.
What was it Holly had said about attempting to foretell one’s own fate? 
That any endeavour would suffer from the reader’s overarching self-doubts?
That being aware of one’s own aspirations and hopes would invariably lead to a false evaluation?
Hah!
She made it all sound like it was all some kind of disadvantage!
The whole point of knowing the future was that it could eradicate self-doubt.
While as for aspirations – was Holly really so foolish that she hadn’t understood the full, miraculous potential of these remarkable cards?
They didn’t merely predict one’s fortune – they fulfilled your ambitions: as long, of course, that you wielded the cards correctly, that you kept them firmly under your control.
She’d witness this many times now.
For she’d seen quite clearly the way her courtiers danced to the tune Holly played through her supposedly benign readings.
Seen the way the fortunes of these people had subtly changed in ways that would have otherwise been totally unexpected, perhaps even impossible.
And each time these small changes in some way benefited Holly, she was sure of it. 
A duchess who’d moved into a much-desired house: leaving behind a royal apartment next door to Holly’s that could be simply swallowed up. 
The earl who’d married and organised a great feast: inviting Holly to divine the fates of the rich and powerful guests. 
The queen – yes, even she’d unwisely succumbed – who’d been persuaded to encourage a far more powerful empress to indulge in a high-stakes game of cards! 
She’d been deceived that time, even though she was loath to admit it even to herself.
But she wasn’t under any illusion anymore that Holly’s forecasts were nothing but foolish entertainments.
She determinedly took up the cards, shuffled them deftly: then began to quickly deal them out face down in the circular pattern demonstrated by Holly.
Holly wasn’t there this time to deceptively alter the dealing.
But she no longer needed to be.
For now the cards themselves took on a consciousness, a life, of their own.
They slipped unseen, one between the other, changing places. 
Not that the poor queen was aware of any of this. 
The idea that she remained in control of the cards was all an illusion after all, nothing more than an elaborate deception.
How was she to know that these cards only ever obeyed a queen far greater and more powerful than she could ever hope to be?
The cards moved now like swiftly migrating wraiths, becoming for an imperceptible instant a sister, or a beloved spirit, then slipping back into the deck into a position more favourable to their own objectives rather than the dealer’s. 
They called to their elder sister, letting her know that she’d been right: the queen was hoping to exert control over her own fate.
Unseen by the queen, then, the Queen of Cards now looked down upon the cards deftly moving across the tabletop.
She smiled with satisfaction.
Holly smiled along with her – for by now, of course, they were indelibly one and the same.


*


Bathed in the ghostly light of the moon reflecting off their armour, the men took on all the appearance of wraiths as they leapt down from the ship they’d beached on the shore.
‘How long will it be before they reach our court,’ Queen Albina asked as she studied the landing in the Pool of Truths created by her son.
‘Not long; they move quickly, these men.’
‘Like ants, they infest every land they supposedly discover and call their own,’ a sister agreed.
‘What will they do when they see twenty-nine apparently unmarried queens?’ another asked with a knowing chuckle.
‘They believe only in the power of kings,’ Albina’s son pointed out, although he fully realised the sisters were already painfully aware of this fact.
‘We could fight…’
‘And eventually lose – for as one wave is stilled, two more will surely follow.’
‘Yet if they were deceived into believing this land already had its king…?’
‘You could do that?’ Queen Albina asked her son hopefully. 
‘An illusion,’ he replied confidently. ‘Of a court in full, with attendants and soldiers…’
‘And what of us though?’ a sister demanded, recalling that men were rarely put off taking advantage of women simply because other men surrounded them. 
‘I can hide you where they wouldn’t even think to look; for you will be in full view of them at all times.’
Queen Albina stared hard at her son.
‘You’re sure of this? How would it be done?’
‘Why, by literally playing a game with them, of course…’
‘A game?’
‘You, and your consorts, will be the pieces in this new game I shall introduce them to – and weaken them too through an increase in their avarice!’
‘What game do you propose?’
‘An entirely new one – to ensure their interest. One enticing them to gamble, and to squabble when they lose…’
‘I’m not sure…’ Queen Albina uncertainly confessed. ‘Should anything happen to you – not that I wish it, of course – we could remain trapped within this game.’
‘What could possibly happen to me?’ her son replied with a confident chuckle. ‘While you, mother, shall remain as overall queen of the court I create.’
‘Ah, I see…’ the queen said, somewhat reassured, as she’d naturally entirely misunderstood both his meaning and intent.
For she never, ever could admit to herself that her son was far more devious than she could ever hope to be.


*


Chapter 19



‘I should have them burnt – along with you!’
The queen’s mood was even fouler than usual
But Holly had fully expected it, having been a witness to the queen’s reading of her very own fortune.
And it hadn’t been by any means a desirable state of affairs that the cards had predicted for her.
‘She fears a queen far more powerful than herself,’ the Queen of Cards had merrily laughed as, entirely imperceptibility to the unknowing queen, she and Holly had peered down upon the gradual overturning of the cards laid face down across the table, ‘completely unaware that she fears the wrong queen!’ 
The empress would arrive, full of pomp, at her court.
The empress and her highest lords, and the queen and her highest lords, would all sit down for a game, watched over by the ambassadors and archbishops.
And the empress would bid heavily. Lose heavily too.
Up until this point, the queen had naturally been quite overjoyed by what the fates appeared to hold for her.
Great good fortune, happiness, and joy!
She’d rubbed her hands with glee with each overturning of a card.
Everything was coming to pass exactly as she’d hoped!
And here, too, as final confirmation, her reading of her own future began to merge with Holly’s earlier prediction.
The empress was delivered a hand of four queens.
She played it cool – she wasn’t a fool. 
Yet the pot of winnings piling up towards the centre of the table increased fourfold by the minute.
Here now were not just gold coins, sparkling necklaces, and glittering rings, but also promises of exchanges of lands, of even complete realms. 
If the empress played her hand coolly, the queen played hers of four kings even more deftly still.
After all, she knew for a fact that she would win this all-important hand.
Only to be accused of:
‘Witchcraft!’
The queen could see it all clearly playing out in her mind.
The empress rising to her feet, pointing an accusing finger at the mortified queen, even as she attempted to stammer out her innocence. 
The lords, of both factions, having little choice but to act as one on this matter and arrest the queen; for this most terrible of accusations had been made in front of the archbishops, making it an entirely legal challenge. 
And then, why, here it was for her now, just as it had appeared for Vee; the Death card.
Of course, Holly had continually insisted during her swiftly administered schooling that it didn’t actually mean death – but the queen had no doubts at all that it could hardly mean anything else, all other things considered.
She was to be burnt as a witch!
Those bloody dangerous, incredibly evil cards!
Is this what they’d brought her to?
The most incredibly torturous death imaginable!
Her reputation, too, thoroughly destroyed.
A witch upon the throne!
She trembled with fear.
With anger, too, that Holly had introduced these cruel cards into her life!
‘Just how accurate are your damned cards?’ the queen effectively pleaded now with Holly, while barely managing to retain the sternness of authority. ‘Does everything they foretell have to come true?’
‘I wasn’t the one who read the cards, Your Highness: so I’m not partial to whatever it is you believe they’ve foretold for you.’
The queen sighed in frustrated exasperation as she realised she would have to ask for Holly’s help.
She told Holly as quickly as she could of the fate awaiting her if she won against the empress too many times in the rounds of the games they would play. 
‘Ah, I see,’ said Holly, as if she were seeing something the queen had obviously missed. 
‘See? What do you see?’
‘The cards; their positions in the unveiling – these would inform us as to what must pass, and what might be avoided…’
The queen now told Holly as much as she could remember of the tale unfolded by the slow uncovering of the cards.
‘Ah, then – provided, naturally, that you’ve remembered everything exactly as it took place – your fate can be avoided.’
The queen breathed a delighted sigh of relief.
‘Only…’
‘Only?’ the queen repeated nervously.
‘Only, there’s only so much that we can deliberately attempt to avoid: if we attempt more, then, somehow, fate will ensure your set back on fate’s determined course, even if through some new, cruelly unexpected twist or turn.’
‘It’s the accusation of witchcraft – it’s that which I obviously wish to avoid!’ the queen desperately begged. ‘Everything else: why, I’ll freely accept all that.’ 
‘Then everything else must be as foretold and thereby determined – but in the last game–’
‘You can switch the cards?’
She would still need a good hand to ensure she bets heavily. And you would also need an almost equally good hand to give credence to your own heavy betting–’
‘I…I offer her my full obedience,’ the queen recalled worriedly. ‘That’s the only way I can cajole her into risking her realms: by promising my complete allegiance, making myself wholly subservient to her rule!’
Holly nodded, as if understanding and accepting this.
‘Then…if you’re not prepared to go along with everything foreordained…’
‘I will; I must. But only if you promise me that she receives the kings; and I the queens!’


*


The sadly bedraggled Brutus and his exhausted men looked on in wonder at the pomp and splendour of the court they’d been invited to attend.
‘Welcome, Sons of Troy,’ the king seated on a towering throne warmly welcomed them. ‘At last far off nations can come together as one: we must make agreements on trade, setting ourselves on a mutually advantageous path to prosperity!’
‘We had no knowledge in the slightest of this land,’ Brutus confessed as he accepted the drinks offered by richly clad servants, joining in the toasts of greetings, success, and joy. ‘We were cast here by what I’d first assumed could only be ill winds – yet we’ve discovered to our delight that we’ve landed upon what could only be a new Atlantis!’
As more sweet drink and delicious food was set before them, Brutus and his men gradually relaxed, shedding their armour while still remaining wary enough to keep their swords close by. Soon even these were forgotten as it increasingly seemed to them that the people of this fabulous court meant them no harm.
Where were the women?
Some wondered this, even asked their companions if they thought this was in any way unusual, only to have their worries allayed with tales of similar overly masculine courts found across the Peloponnese.
All the more reason, then, to put off for a while longer their much-needed baths.
Enjoying the proffered drink, food and raucous friendship of the king was of far more importance!
‘A game! We must play a game – a game of chance and luck, like no other I’ll bet you’ve ever played!’ the king cheerfully declared as he raised his glass once more. 
To the great surprise of the assembled warriors, he didn’t place before them the expected board, pieces and knuckle die but, rather, what appeared to be nothing more than a small stack of colourfully painted slats of papyrus.
Queen Albina also appeared alongside him, although Brutus and his men remained perfectly unaware of this. 
‘You lied,’ she fumed, unheard by everyone but her son, ‘you said I’d be queen of your court!’
‘These are the court cards, the most powerful amongst the deck,’ the king declared to the eagerly gathering men as he fanned out the cards before them and began to explain how the game was played.
‘Hah – so that’s it? I’m queen of a court of my sisters?’ the queen snapped irately, understanding at once the point her son was making, even though his comment cleverly didn’t appear in any way to be addressed solely to her.
‘There are fifty-two cards, plus two wild cards for other games – and two blank ones, which are there only to protect the rest when they’re not being played,’ the king continued in his description of the cards.
In this way, he’d successfully hidden away all twenty-eight sisters, as well as what little could be detected of their spouses, enjoining them all in what could truly be said to be a most unique and common purpose.
His mother was indeed queen of this new set of courtiers, ruling aloof above them all. As for his father, her spouse, no one could recall whom he had ever really been.
‘It seems a simple enough game,’ one of the men declared as the king took them through a few practice hands.
‘You should play between you until you gain a firmer grasp,’ the king suggested jovially, ‘for it would be unfair of me to participate until you’ve grown in confidence.’
‘Fortune herself seems to play an important role in this game…’ one of the more thoughtful men observed ruefully.
‘This is true,’ the king laughed. Believe me, it won’t be long before you’re begging her to sit beside you – especially when you’re risking a bet or two!’
‘We’ve called on Fortune’s aid often enough as we’ve fought,’ another man grimly chuckled.
‘Then let’s drink once more: in a toast to Fortune!’ the king cried happily with another raising of his glass: and glanced surreptitiously towards his mother, hoping she would understand his intent.
She nodded, smiled.
Yes, she understood.
She would ensure some enjoyed more than their share of joy and success.
While others suffered, drawing them ever so close to losing all the hard-earned booty they’d accumulated in their many battles.
Before the night was over, they’d all be at each other’s throats!


*


Chapter 20



The empress arrived at the queen’s court with all the splendour expected of her, bringing behind her a vast train of followers including splendidly garbed archbishops and ambassadors.
The queen naturally greeted her with all due reverence, too, managing to smile graciously even though she was fully aware that her reckoning was at hand. For she was also welcoming what would eventually be a humiliating loss for her.
On reflection, of course, she’d pleaded with Holly – oh, how she loathed herself for begging a lady-in-waiting for favours – that surely even a foreordained fate must grant her some leeway: where would be the harm, she suggested hopefully, in allowing her to win enough in the earlier games to alleviate the greater loss she’d agreed to go along with towards the end?
Holly, to her great relief, had agreed that this seemed entirely reasonable.
And so, when the pomp and ceremony of the meeting of courts was over, and the games began in earnest, the players were soon cut down to only the lords with the wherewithal to bet a king’s ransom.
Standing loyally by the queen’s side as she played, Holly was of such a relatively low rank that she was almost invisible.
The sisters themselves now moved freely about the table, unseen, unheard, their motions swift and flowing, the cards being exchanged at a speed unperceivable and imperceptible to any human.
It was a flurry of movement, causing an ever-greater frenzy of bids and anxious calls as the hands dealt around the tables cajoled even the most doubtful players to risk lands and riches they lost with a death-like sigh signalling their ruin.
The empress was pleased with her winnings.
The queen was overjoyed with hers – though her merriment was tempered by the foreboding sense of loss she knew was coming her way. 
As the evening wore on, and lamps were brought out to illuminate the continuing game, she dreaded more and more the final hand that would herald her own ruin.
It came, of course, all too quickly.
Four queens.
As Holly had promised.
The empress, then, would have four kings.
Not that she showed any sense of elation upon her face.
The queen smirked inwardly: oh, I can well imagine what’s going through your mind at this very moment!
And her own mind?
A whirl of fury, regrets, and dread.
But at least she’d be alive!
So what choice did she have?
‘I…I call your bid, if you accept, with an offer of my full obedience. My complete allegiance to you,’ the queen stammered worriedly as the time came for her to match the two minor realms the empress had gambled. 
‘You will remain wholly subservient to my rule?’ the empress challenged her suspiciously.
The queen nodded miserably.
With a graciously satisfied rather than triumphant smile, the empress laid out her hand before her across the tabletop.
Four kings.
The queen desolately fanned out her own hand.
Four queens.
The eyes of the empress widened in alarm. The lips of her smile dropped – then rose in a sneer of fury.
She leapt to her feet, pointing an accusing finger at the startled queen.
‘Witchcraft!’
‘What? But I…don’t understand!’ 
As she attempted to stammer out her innocence, the mortified queen gazed down at the two hands, wondering if she’d made a mistake, if she’d seen them wrong.
But no: the two hands remained exactly the same as when they’d first been revealed.
Exactly as she’d wished for too.
Four kings for the empress.
Four queens for herself. 
As the empress spun about and strode away from the table, the lords of both factions sprung into action, holding the queen firmly as the archbishops endorsed the terrible accusations of witchery.
‘But…but why, if I were a witch, would I give myself four queens?’ the dumbfounded queen insisted wretchedly.
‘Why?’ the empress’s ambassador guffawed in disbelief at her pleas of innocence as he glared back at her coldly. ‘Why, because a queen always beats a king!


*


In just the first night, one of Brutus’s men had been killed, his two murderer’s summarily sentenced to death. Three others were sorely injured, one perhaps mortally so.
They’d all at last retired to bed, with heartfelt and seemingly well-meaning instructions from the king that they rest, and approach the new day with cleared, less infuriated minds.
Brutus retired reasonably happy enough, despite the loss of his men, and the arguments that had sprung up between them. He’d been one of the evening’s undoubted winners, having won himself more in a few hours play than he’d gained through numerous dangerous and pain-filled fights.
He had no pity for those he’d condemned, thinking them childish for mourning losses they themselves had risked through their own greed and foolishness.
They’d played this wondrous new game poorly, and therefore the fault lay wholly with them.
And if Fortune had decided to desert them, well, perhaps they were at fault there too.
She’d been much maligned throughout the games. She’d had more than enough reason to punish them for their wilful disobedience and lack of respect.
‘I shall play myself to tomorrow,’ the king assured them all with a pleasant laugh, ‘and you will all have the chance to win the riches of a king without recourse to furious combat!’ 
‘Your realm? Would you gamble your realm?’ Brutus laughed, even though there was an undoubted hint of hunger in his tone.
‘If you have something to risk against it that’s of some equivalence – well, why ever not?’ the king chuckled temptingly. ‘Fortune favours the brave, I’ve heard!’ 
‘Indeed she does: I can vouch for that – for I’ve killed many a king who thought to best me!’ Brutus laughed along with him, even though the tone remained serious in its intent. 
‘Then let our bids in the new games present us all with the opportunity to become kings over a single day!’
Some men slept, then, uneasily, doubting their chances of prevailing at the tables.
Other’s slept most soundly, dreaming of success and riches more usually obtained only after years of victorious conquest.
The queen was highly pleased with her son’s highly imaginative scheme.
Trust was running short now between this supposed invasionary force. They tore at each other like dogs scrabbling over a bone.
Soon they’d retire, beaten, away from these shores, preserving their honour by claiming they’d been beaten back only by the most furious and superior of forces.
It would dissuade others from sailing here.
‘It seems you’ve made somewhat of a friend of this would be king, Brutus,’ she observed as soon as her son could freely converse with her without being seen or overheard.
‘A supposed friend who’d hack off my head without a moment’s consideration if he believed it would grant him his kingdom,’ her son guffawed knowingly.
‘Then beware of pushing him too hard in the games tomorrow: we should allow him to win more than he loses – and you at best to draw even!’
‘You think so? But I saw how you controlled the game! Why not send these men back with their tail completely between their kegs?’
‘Wounded pride is like a wounded animal: it fights back harder, more unforgivingly! Besides, they have relatively little to lose to you.’
‘But what of the kingdoms they spoke of, richer even than this illusionary court I created for them? How much could I win there if I sailed with them?’
‘Sailed with them? But without the cards, how could you be sure–’
‘I’ll take you with me, naturally,’ her son replied coolly.
‘But your promise–’
‘To make you a queen of your very own court.’
‘No, no: that we would be released as soon as the men left for–’
‘Did I really promise that?’
‘But…but I…I’m your queen!’
‘But I am king now, mother!’


*


Chapter 21



Holly had made a deep impression upon the empress.
For she had stood loyally and calmly by her queen even as the latter was accused – and later adjudged guilty of – the very darkest witchcraft.
‘Because it was foretold, Your Majesty, that the queen’s renowned witchery would be struck down by a queen greater in power than she could ever hope to wield!’ Holly exclaimed elatedly when the empress summoned her to hear the reasoning behind her entirely unruffled behaviour.
‘Foretold?’ the empress repeated with great interest. ‘Is there some great seer, then, who can truly predict such remarkable things?’
‘Indeed there is, Your Majesty!’ Holly declared confidently as, taking out her deck, she began to deal out the cards face down in a circular formation. ‘For I saw that I would meet and become the dearest of friends with a queen destined to rule the whole world…’


*


So be it then.
My son gives me no other option.
It’s his own request after all.
Four queens for this Brutus.
And four kings for him.
Fool.
Doesn’t he realise he signs his own death warrant?
This Brutus, he’s a soldier of Fortune.
And, my sisters whisper to me, he’s the one destined to rule this land.
So for the moment, I must put myself and my court at his disposal. 
Today I’ll accept being queen of a nation.
Tomorrow, an empire.
And then, eventually, the world! 



End




If you enjoyed reading this book, you might also enjoy (or you may know someone else who might enjoy) these other books by Jon Jacks. 

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes  –  Death of a Fairytale Princess  –  The Incurable Caress
The Maid’s Caul  –  Nu’s Ark  –  A Disgraced Angel  –  Wake Me Up When it’s Christmas
God’s Toybox  –  Aurora Rising  –  The Veil  –  Petals: Portals of Desire  –  Ripppples
Golden Elk  –  MatchBox Fairy  –  The Snow Nymph  –  The Deep and Secret Yes
Mirror Merror  –  The WatcHousE  –  Winter Queen  –  Sweet Vale of Aricia  –  InterLace

The True Origin of the Cards

The Isiac Tablet

Those behind a central figure are attendants, while the one standing before them is either a supplicant or aid, forming the secondary card of each triad, the exception being 0, The Fool.




0. The Fool. Fitting Babylonian depictions of the Orion constellation as the rooster-accompanied True Shepherd of Anu, the uninitiated, for the moment, stands outside the process. 
Upright innocence, new beginnings, free spirit Reversed recklessness, taken advantage of, inconsideration




1. The Magus. Demonstrating the true fidelity of a well-trained dog sitting on the table set out before him, he’s approached by the Hierophantess. 
Upright willpower, desire, creation, manifestation Reversed trickery, illusions, out of touch



2. The Hierophantess. She’s the only supplicant/aid to carry the Ankh, as if it were a key. 
Upright intuitive, unconscious, inner voice Reversed lack of centre, lost inner voice, repressed feelings



3. The Queen. As her womb is clearly indicated, an attendant holds the feather of Ra’s breath which gives children life. Note the card’s phoenix shield and feather-like fleur-de-lis. 
Upright motherhood, fertility, nature Reversed dependence, smothering, emptiness, nosiness



4. The King. A suitor/hunter presenting a still living bird, perhaps a phoenix (see the king’s shield). Above there’s a sexually symbolic ram, which become the four heads of Khnum on the later king’s throne. 
Upright authority, structure, control, fatherhood Reversed tyranny, rigidity, coldness



5. The Hierophant. He carries the canine-headed Was sceptre of power and dominion, while his attendant is topped by a serpent. 
Upright tradition, conformity, morality, ethics Reversed rebellion, subversiveness, new approaches



6. The Lovers. The Hierophant is wooed by a spiritual (note the bird) suitor, leading to a hermaphrodite state. The winged lion of the mediating goddess Lama also often appears as a protective winged, angelic like deity. 
Upright partnerships, duality, union Reversed loss of balance, one-sidedness, disharmony



7 The Chariot. He holds a bird of the spirit, his attendant an ankh. In the Work of the Chariot (Maasah Merkavah), the body’s surrounding ethereal light is a chariot of spiritualised consciousness. The preceding scene’s winged lion and the Neme-crowned head of the next become the two sphinxes pulling in opposite directions. (An Isis temple is depicted with two sphinxes out front in a 1st century CE fresco.)  
Upright direction, control, willpower Reversed lack of control, lack of direction, aggression



8. Justice. A victorious Roman general was accompanied in his chariot by a man warning him that he could easily fall. The man holds the Was sceptre. 
Upright cause and effect, clarity, truth Reversed dishonesty, unaccountability, unfairness.



9. The Hermit. Supported by the all-seeing crocodiles (also of fate) and the frog of fertility and transformation, the wise Thoth holds a staff surmounted by a small head. Above him lies the human headed spirit and the hawk and flail (royal power) of Horus Behdety, the latter also flanking Isis.
Upright contemplation, search for truth, inner guidance Reversed loneliness, isolation, lost your way.



10. Fate. The two men (on earth, for the Apis Bull is the image of the Sun on earth) mirror the two women on the far side, the Egyptian afterlife being a mirror-image of one’s life on earth. The vertebrae pillar between them (topped with a lion-like, Neme-crowned head similar to the earlier card’s wheel), like the djed pillar, symbolises the stability of a life and death in which we’re accompanied every step of the way by the gods. 
Upright change, cycles, inevitable fate Reversed no control, clinging to control, bad luck



11. Fortitude. Supported by the power and strength of a lion, and wielding the Was sceptre and ankh, she undergoes self-introspection, as illustrated by the small, inner figure beneath her. 
The turkey, symbolising the variety of created things, also flanks Isis.
Upright inner strength, bravery, compassion, focus Reversed self-doubt, weakness, insecurity



12. Sacrifice. The Solar Bull is deified after death/sacrifice/martyrdom as Serapis, a shortened form of Osiri-apis. Note the man reaching for a knife, whereas the mirrored bull on the tablet’s far side is being fed.
The pillar mirroring the one held by the men now includes inverted flanking coils, as if the women can spin it upside down. The mysteries involved a hanging or crucifixion of the initiate. 
Upright surrender, release, martyrdom Reversed stalling, needless sacrifice, fear of sacrifice



13. Death (Renewal). The body is prepared via mummification. Upright cycle’s end, beginnings, change, metamorphosis Reversed fear of change, holding on, stagnation, decay



14. Temperance. Finely balancing a tray of drinks (as the cards’ angels pour one cup into another), the woman is also a falcon of wisdom, vision, and protection, as the Pyramid Texts’ king ‘soars as a divine falcon’. Horus Behdety hovered as a hawk over the pharaoh during battle carrying a flail (royal power) and shen (eternity). 
Upright middle path, patience, finding meaning Reversed extremes, excess, lack of balance



15. The Diviner. She holds the Lotus Wand of the human condition which, rooted in dark waters it retreats into at night, blossoms in the dawn. Above her is the horn-like serpent sun disk of Horus Behdety, and his winged flail of royal power. She decides whether a supplicant is morally righteous or if their materialism condemns them to fall back into darkness. Note the throne’s pictogram and the two people of the cards.
Upright addiction, materialism, playfulness Reversed freedom, release, restoring control


16. The Decrowning. The winged flail brings upheaval, the now earthward-falling supplicant regaining the broken ‘tower’/body and losing his pschent/sekhemty crown (the unified Two Powerful Ones). He holds the quail of a contrite spirit and higher consciousness but also the wicked wiles of Typhon, an adversity through which the general good of the universe is consummated. 
Upright upheaval, broken pride, disaster Reversed beneficial humbling, crumbling of false foundations 



17. The Star. Horus’s (‘he who is above’) right eye is the morning star (or sun) of power and quintessence, his left the healing evening star (or moon). Above is a winged shen (eternity) and a vulture of victory, medicine, and happiness. Note the cards’ bird in a tree and the similarity of the earlier star to the attendant’s headdress.
Upright hope, faith, rejuvenation Reversed faithlessness, discouragement, insecurity



18. The Moon. She holds a reversed feather, a breath or Ra, or here a replication of the sun’s light. There’s a face in the headdress, just as there’s a face in the moon of the cards. Horus’s eye, the moon, was a steppingstone to his other, the sun. Note the similarity of the device before her to the earlier card’s crayfish. 
Upright unconscious, illusions, intuition Reversed confusion, fear, misinterpretation.



19. The Sun. Topped with uraeus serpent and sun disk, the spirit readies to become as one with Ra, the sun. The jackal-headed temporary receptacle for the Ka here symbolises the almost twin-like physicality about to be left behind. Note the two twins in the earlier card, which also illustrates the tears, or breaths, of Ra. 
Upright joy, success, celebration, positivity Reversed negativity, depression, sadness



20. Awakening. The newly risen man leaves behind the small figure of the husk of Death. To his upper left there’s a leopard with its skin of stars, the garb of priesthood and symbolising great spiritual knowledge and power. (The framing of the spiritually risen becomes the coffins from which the dead emerge.)
Upright reflection, reckoning, dynamic new beginnings Reversed lack of self-awareness, doubt, self-loathing




21. The World, the Crown. The frame and two flanking serpents become the ouroboros-like ring, for the cat beneath the throne represents nature and the world, as it sleeps like the ouroboros, head to tail. One of the animals at the base could be mistaken for either a bull or a lion, the others for an eagle or angel. 
Upright fulfilment, harmony, completion Reversed incompletion, no closure


The Major Arcana Tarot Set















































