Quest：Book1
By Yufeng Zhuang
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 by Yufeng Zhuang

The Birth of The Legend


1

Behind the stars we are familiar with, deep in the endless space, there is the world that we can't understand. He, a human soul carries the endless destiny on his back, reborn in this strange world. The strange world, the strange magic, the strange elves, the strange illusion beasts, the strange aliens. And... the blood and fire killings and wars, and the familiar...
*     *     *     *     *
Night, the night sky is so gentle in the bright moonlight.
I just fell into sleep after I had the extreme satisfaction on her body.
“Boss, it’s time to set out.”
Knocking the door is my subordinate “Rat“. Because of his special experiences, he has a meticulous and cautious character that normal people don’t have.
Since I bought him under the gunpoint of the drug dealer, in just half a year, he had already become the second character of my club. What? You ask me who is the number one character? Have your head got serious strike? Didn’t you hear that he called me boss?
“Got it!”
I was reluctant to get up from the bed and put on the clothes slowly. I look back to the bed, the bright and clear moonlight projects on a nude female body— a perfect body. There still has the lingering charm of  orgasm on it after the joyous sex. In her eyes that can make people go crazy, I put my second life, two P7 handguns, into the rifle bags under my arms.
“Baby, wait over here for me to come back.”
“You have to hurry up to come back , I don’t have it enough yet!”
I have a smile, open the door, and go downstairs.
Rat and other brothers are waiting in the hall downstairs. Rat meets me in the quick steps when he saw me coming down.
“Boss, the people of the other side sent the message that the goods will arrive on time. The deal will be at the scheduled time. We still have two more hours. All the brothers are ready.”
I walked out of the house. In the garden, I took a deep breath of the early autumn air. I look up at the night sky, the round full moon is high in the sky. It covered everything with a layer of fantastic silver. Today is mid-October, it is a quiet and peaceful night.
“Let’s go.” I get into the car. “tell brothers that we will leave nothing standing, we need to be careful ourselves as well, and I will bring everyone to the Blue Moon Club to have a good time all night when we come back later.”
“Yes, boss.”
Five cars drive out of the gate one after another, the guards at the gate bow to the car which I was in. In their hearts, I am the center of the whole world. I, am their everything.
Now you know who am I?
I am a boss, a boss of the underworld. Say it correctly, with the disguise identity of the boss of the underworld, but I am actually a secret agent of the state’s Department of Internal affairs.
There are too many crimes in this looks high civilization but actually extremely filthy world, filled with all kinds of crimes and corruptions. And the mastered techniques also let the government to find the evidences more and more difficult, and bring these crimes to the court aboveboard.
Also don’t know which damn guy of the government had this idea, the state’s Department of Internal affairs picked a group of elites from the military special force, with the identity of the non-civil servants to punish these crimes with the violence to violence way.
And I, a little twenty-one year old second lieutenant, the only one just gotten a perfect score on the strategy and tactics exam of the whole army, very unfortunately hit the jackpot and got picked into the elite group.
From then on, I kissed goodbye to my simple and pure life in the army, and stepped on a gray life path.
“Shit,” I thought of this angrily. “I just got straight As on that exam strategy and tactics, and now I got picked into this elite team? Why I never had such a good luck on the lottery tickets?”
My task, it’s really simple— make my target disappeared from the world with my best adept way.
In the last three years, under my superior’s orders, my brothers and I had gunned down many underworld bosses and corrupt government officials. Watching the lives disappeared in my eyes, my heart became more and more numb. As if  the people died in front of me are no longer human, they are just garbage.
My heartbeat was two hundred times per minute when I executed the task with the identity of the rookie of the underworld, thought of that, I couldn’t help to laugh now. But for a twenty-one year old young man, killing a person is not a piece of cake, even though I work for law enforcement and the target is a bastard who deserved the punishment. After I watched him got hit by the bullet, the red and white things flying out from the back of his head, his right leg twitching in the pool of blood, that still made me threw up a mess and stunned for almost a week.
Slowly, I got tired of this kind of life. Although my superior said again and again that these people deserved the punishment, but, I still felt that my hands were full of blood. I am not so sure, who deserves it and who is innocent among these people. I know, I am just a tool, a very easy to use but unsupervised tool.
My superior can order me to do anything but don’t to worry about any abnormal situation. A tool without any supervision, it  is used to enforce the law or to produce more new crimes, and who knows?
In the views of my brothers, I am their boss. I this weird boss have the great enthusiasm to kill all the big and small drug dealers. Because, my supervisor is the executive official for cracking down drug and crime, he is the chief official in the state’s Department of Internal affairs.
“Shit. Why do I need to think about this so much? After this task, I will take a great vacation.”
In these days, my experience in the underworld have already turned me into a complete bandit from a small second lieutenant, my organization has a lot of business making money in the city, the money in the bank inflates at a shocking rate. This makes me to like my job again, I can persist my old ways, I can live a luxury and dissipation life, I can get all the things I want, even the women I like. After all, I am the big boss of a gang. You can never expect a big boss of a gang to live a moralistic life.
In the eyes of the average person, to live the extravagant life like this is more like what a big boss supposed to have. I don’t know whether those guys in the state’s Department of Internal affairs would ever consider this as well? Ha ha, it’s pretty good to let these idiots to yes their brain occasionally.
“I don’t know whether my first love would still remember me or not. That Chelsea is so suave. Or will she give me the detested look when she sees me?”
I have had the good education since I was little, no matter my family, the teachers, the good friends of childhood, lovers, and even myself, who would have think of my life would be present this way now?
“Boss,” the car stops in a ruins of an abandoned dock, a young brother runs to come over and open the door for me, “we’re here.” 
I get out of the car and walk through the long grass in the ruins, my got there earlier subordinates are waiting for me over there. All the way what I see is the hands tinkering weapons and the cold and stimulated faces.
I saw Rat by a broken wall which is going to collapse. I walk to him and squat down next to him. He hands me the low-light night vision device, I look at the dock through it.
“Boss, the arrived earlier brothers said that everything is as usual, they have already begun the deal.”
In the bright moonlight, a speedboat parks at the dock. Everyone is busy at the dock. They move the small boxes carefully onto the dock from the speedboat.
I turn the night vision device around. There he is! I have found my target next to the vans— the fat guy Tatto who called himself “Jesus.” The almost bald head and the huge belly become his notable features. I heard that this guy is very lewd. I can' t help but feel happy for the future females he wants to ravage. After all, it’s not a pleasant thing to be pressed by a more than three hundred pounds body.
Tatto is talking to two looked like businessman middle-aged men, it looks like that these two guys should be the suppliers.
“They must be tired of their lives, don’t they know that dealing drugs in Boss’s territory is a road leads to death?” Rat whispers in my ear.
“Three hundred percent of the profits, can make anybody go crazy!” I had been trained strictly since childhood, so everything sounds very normal to me.     
“Tell brothers, get into position, and listen to my order.”
I look at everyone take out their weapons, prostrate to spread out, with the combination of attack and screen and support to take on the perfect spots, I can’t help to have some proud in my heart, all these guys were trained by me, I picked and trained everyone meticulously. Also with the money I earned, I equipped them with the best quality weapons and communication equipments.
Every one of them would shoot two hundred bullets in the basement of my villa. These, the government didn’t pay me a dime for. 
But the money was not wasted. The strict training produced the amazing result, not to mention just twenty something gang members, even the other party is the police SWAT team, I still have the confidence to win. To view it from this point, the overall ratio of effect to cost is still very low.
Rat handed me a semi-automatic rifle. I check it once again carefully.
The testing voices of the teams come from my headphone.
“Team 1 testing, team 1 testing, over.”
“Team 2 received, team 2 received, over.”
“Team 3 received, team 3 received, over.”
“Team 4 received, team 4 received, over.”
“Team 5 received, team 5 received, over.”
Rat nods his head to me, “boss, everything is okay.”
I tightened the microphone by my face and begin to make the commands.
“Every team get into the position as the predetermined plan, confirm.”
“Confirm over!”
"Attack teams into the assault positions, confirm."
"Confirm over!"
"Cover teams into the cover positions, confirm."
"Confirm over!"
"Support teams support fire preparation, confirm."
"Confirm over!"
The affirmative answers from every captain of the teams feed back to me through the headphone. I know, my brothers were ready. They are waiting, waiting for my signal.
I pick up my beloved semi-automatic rifle, the gunstock rests in my right shoulder tightly, I put my cheek on the gills board gently. I slowly adjust the aperture with the cross differentiate lines on it, until it firmly covered “Jesus” that pudgy face.
The numbers on the laser range finder keep jittering constantly, finally stopped at the four hundred meters position. For my rifle, it is the best distance to keep its biggest power and ballistic characteristics. We all know that If hit by this Austrian AOG rifle in such a distance, what the consequence would be for that person.
I look at Tatto’s that deformed face when he laughs, I understand that his heart would have the joy bloom. He has so many drugs piled on the dock, as long as he could get them out of his hand, he can struggle for at least ten years less.
“This guy’s skin is really not bad, how can he keep it like that?” while I said to myself, I unlock the rifle’s safe.
Although I’m just a tool now, but it should be more interesting to be a character tool. 
A flicker of smile showed on my face, the pressed on the trigger index finger increase the strength gradually.


2

I pulled the trigger, a cluster of flare blows out from the muzzle of the rifle. A hoarse gun sound spreads out in the quiet night sky. The rifle had a cheerful jump in my arms, it spits out a still hot bullet shell.
In the aiming sight, I can see Tatto’s neck explodes with a blood flower, his head is thrown to aside by the powerful impact of the bullet and hung over his shoulder. His body sways a couple times before falls down on his back.
Every team leader’s issues the attack command accompanied with my gunshot.
The automatic rifles of the support team fire first.
The cover team throws out the grenades and the smoke flares in the crowd of the other party.
The attack team starts to assault from several different directions. The team members wear the infrared night vision devices to rush into the smoke-filled dock.
The sounds of the MP5 three-point shooting and the miserable shrill cries of the drug dealers hit by the bullets keep coming out from the dock.
Under the very standard special tactical attack, the fight back from the drug dealers is undoubtedly very weak. The sounds of the gunshot become less and less. I know, their finish is just a matter of time.
I jump out of the low broken wall which was used for cover, lower my body,  I run to the direction of the dock. Rat follows behind me closely.
There not many drug dealers left, most of them are held up in the freight house.
I rushed to the door of the freight house and  gave a nod to Rat.
“Apple!” Rat shouts loudly.
The grenades are flew into the freight house one by one from my brothers. After the strong explosions, we run through the dust blowing our faces, while others or jump through the windows or break into the doors, we use the rifles in hand to shoot everything still moving in the freight house.
A team member in the black urban combat clothing slides horizontal prettily, his MP5 shoots the last hapless loser who is hiding behind the boxes into a honeycomb.
The gunshots died down, there is only low moans in the dock.
The teams all reported, “no any target escaped from this direction. No casualties to the team.”
I walk to the dock and step on the full of cement fragments ground.
I watch some of the brothers make an inventory of the drugs, some confirm the dead bodies. If the opponent has not died through, they will cut his throat with the knife.
They are executing my words “leave no survivor.” my present identity is underworld, all the things I do must be practiced in the style of a underworld character.
“How much?” I ask one of the servants who is counted the drugs, “white flour or rock sugar?”
“Boss, it is the no. 4 white flour. There are almost 500 kilograms, Kilograms, boss.”
Even when I heard that it is 500 kilograms of white flour, I was shocked speechless. 500 kilograms, normally 30 or 40 kilograms is already regarded as a huge deal. Tatto? He doesn’t have that much money even if he can sell himself. Could it be said that he is just a broker acting in his own capacity? If it says so. Where is the man behind the scene?
An severe explosions interrupt my deep thinking. I look up at it, the place where we parked our cars has already been turned into a sea of fire.
Not even I have any responds, two of my brothers have already got hit by the bullets, the blood spills on my face.
“Fuck!” I keep fighting back and run into a freight house nearby with fastest speed, I lean against a window and look at the outside.
The whole dock is in a mess again, the fragments hit by the bullets spring up everywhere, the flying bullets are bring more and more casualties to my brothers.
The sounds of the auto grenade launchers and M4A1 are so clear in the night. How? How can that be? In the city where I live, there is no such a powerful gang have this kind of firepower, even the police don’t have this kind of powerful weapons as well.
In a twinkling, we became the ambushed people from the ambusher.
“Boss, we are surrounded!” Rat’s voice comes out from the headphones, “it’s the army! It’s the marines! Their grenades are too powerful for us! Our brothers cannot hold on to it much longer!”
What kind of joke is this? We are not coming here to loot the arsenal. How come there would be the troops over here?
My face becomes pale. If the government employed the troops to deal with me, there is no way that my boss doesn’t know anything about it.
It is detestable. I informed him this afternoon that I would have some actions tonight, that suck-ass still told me to be careful!
I totally understand now, today the deal between the drug dealers is just a bait,  a bait to make me hooked. They really look up to me! Just in order to kill me, they even put in the half a ton of drugs on this dock.
“All the brothers listen up, every team as a unit to break out of the encirclement.” I shout out with a loud voice, no matter how combative we are, it is impossible to win with forty some people against the army which has the heavy gunfire.
“Boss, over half of the brothers have the casualties. The rest are all scattered.” Rat brings two brothers blunt come in, “boss! I don’t think that we can get out of here, the Marines are everywhere. They have too many people!”
“Do you regret for this?” I look at bloodiness faces of my brothers. I said, “do you feel regret that you follow me?” 
They are confused by what I am saying.
“Boss, what are you talking about?”
“We never feel sorry for following your lead!”
“Even if I die today, I still have no regret for following your lead!”
“Don’t call me Boss, and no need to call me Boss!”
I stared at my brothers and listened to the outside, the gunshots are coming closer and closer.
I spoke to them slowly, “my real identity is an undercover, a real military officer. I am the tool designed to kill people by the government. I am not your boss. My real name is Jackie Chan.”
They are stunned. I can see the shock in their eyes.
Rat exerted himself to shake his head, he said to me, “boss, no matter what your identity is, you are always you in my mind. We brothers will never betray you.”
The other two brothers also don’t know what to say, they just put forth their strength in nodding their heads.
“Really?” I had a wry smile and said, “take a look at the outside there, those troops will not let us to survive. If I don’t guess it wrong, they are all here just to kill me.”
“Why? Are you not one of them, boss?”
“There is nothing strange, they just want to kill me to prevent the divulgence of secrets. Maybe I know too much, somebody wants to keep my mouth shut.”
“Boss, you say it in a word. Anyhow, it has already been like this, the worst scenario is just death?”
“Let’s defy death! Everybody, follow me to rush out!”
There is nothing we can do except die, somehow we will fight like a man.
I took a look at the empty freight house and say, “let’s go through the back door!”
We just run a couple of steps, a small cylinder is dropped in front of me from outside of the door.
Flash bomb! The words just pop up in my mind, the intensive bullets shoot at us accompanied with the dazzling white light.
I feel a warm wave on my leg, and lose my balance, fall down to the ground. When I struggle and want to return fire, several more bullets hit under my right arm, my right arm flies out off my body holding the rifle. One of the bullets cuts a big wound on my back.
When my eyes got back to normal, the Marines were standing around me. The bodies of Rat and the other two brothers fall in the places not far from me, their bodies are fragmentary.
After one Marine kicks all the around guns away from me, a familiar silhouette shows up in my eyes and walks to me, I didn’t guess it wrong, indeed as expected, he is my boss.
“Jackie, I never thought of that one day I would have to kill you personally.”
“Yes, sir. I also never thought that it would be you, I really can’t let you feel secure?” I can feel that my life is flying away from my body quickly accompanied with the puffs of blood gushing out from the wounds.
“You have done too many things. It is time for you to retire now,” my boss’s fat lips moved up and down, “there will be a rookie to take over everything you left behind.”
“So, you mean that this is all my fault?”
“Don’t blame me cruel-hearted, somebody has already had some doubts about your identity in the government. You get to blame that you don’t execute your task low-key. I can explain to the chief for those gang members whom you killed. But for those important government figures who died in your hands, I can’t play at it vaguely. In order to prevent the fire to burn to the State’s Department of Internal Affairs, to get me in trouble, I have to give up on you.”
“Fuck you! You made all the decisions and all the orders!”
“I know, but there will be nobody else knowing after you die.”
“Sir!” one officer walks quickly to come over, “mission accomplished, all the targets are destroyed. But the cost of us is not small neither, there are more than fifty casualties.”
“Jackie, I have to admit that you are excellent. Look at them— trash and garbage, after trained by you, they can even fight against the real army.” my boss obviously seemed to be somewhat stunned, “but I think that it is cost-effective to kill you with this high cost.”
“Cost-effective? It is not even a little bit cost-effective for me.” I shook my head, my left hand slowly groped a cold thing in my waist, I pushed on the concave bottom on the middle. I said, “at least it should also add you in.”
In the ridicule eyes of my boss, I pull my left hand out from under my body, I raise my hand, it‘s really heavy. In my hand is an eight-inch long, two-inch in diameter silver-white metal object. I feel that it is very heavy for the present me, the glowing red light on it blinks faster and faster...
“Air bomb!”
“Everybody get out of here!”
“That’s a cloud-detonation bomb! Get out!”
“Kill him!”
“It's too late!”
After a not to loud explosion sound, it was a huge explosion. A huge fire ball wreck havoc within 150 yards. Even miles away, people still can feel the strong vibration of the ground…
“Breaking news, every audience. According to the news we just received, last night, in the abandoned number six dock of the city, a battalion of Marines exchanged intensive fire with the drug dealers, they were executing an anti-drug task. Both sides exchanged fire nearly ten thousand shots at the scene. When the drug dealers are all shot dead, the Marines have a great loss as well. Especially at the last moment, the last drug dealer initiated the strong explosion. Thirty three officers were killed in the line of duty, including five top chief officials for the State’s department of Internal Affairs. On the screen, now we can see the explosion center…”


3         

What happened to me…? My mind is in a mess.
I want to stretch my hand out to pat my forehead, but, I can’t feel my body.
I, me, my—where is my body? Could it mean that I am dead?! 
That’s right… I went to handle the affair with my brothers, I fell into the trap. And then… Fierce fighting… Explosions… 
It seems like… that I am really dead…
Holy shit! I am in big trouble!
Calm down… Calm down… I must remain calm… Although I am dead… but I am still thinking right now…
That’s right! I’m still thinking! Doesn’t it mean that I still exist if I have thoughts?
That’s right! I still exist…
Shit! Even though I can think, or I have thoughts… what kind of thing should I be counted for?
I have no body, but I have thoughts… Soul?! Now I am a ghost?!
Oh no… Come on, God… I don’t want to die yet, I don’t have it enough yet, I don’t want to be a ghost! I still have so many brothers… So many properties…I haven't had enough funs yet...
When I think of my brothers, then I find out that I totally can’t feel their existence, this obviously is way beyond the limits of my knowledge…
I don’t know that how long I have been wandering around in this space. I have already learned the way how I am being existed now gradually. Basically, I exist right now as being a form of energy. I don’t have organs, I don’t have any entity. I am just a soul formed by a group of dissociated energy.
What I connected to the external world depends on a kind of special instinctual perception. This kind of perception keeps me out of all kinds of dangers in this space.
I also found that there are many similar individual exists in this space. Some are very strong… I don’t dare to get close to them. For those weaker than I am, hey hey… I will rush out at them at the first time, swallow them down… I will make their individuals my own with my relatively stronger power.
What? You say that I am cold-blooded? Shit! What else can I do?
In this damn space, besides those far more powerful than me individual exists, there are many strong energy shocks coming from nowhere. I would be destroyed if I am not very careful. It is not easy for me to exist. Once I thought of this, I just wanted to cry…
Finally one day. Actually, no, there is no time this concept in this space. I am saying like this just to suit you people.
Okay. Finally one day. After I found a swallowable snack again, I am ready to have my dinner. One of the most powerful energy shock that I have ever experienced pounce on me straightly… Before I could have any response, I was struck flying… Damn, I am not a rocket… It is really painful!
I feel that I have so many slight fluctuations, as if I broke a lot of very flexible bubbles.
Finally when I stopped, I know that I have arrived in another space, it is a safe space. I don’t know why I have that kind of feeling, but I am just that sure. I am touched.
“Fragile life, what are you thinking?” a deep voice transfers to my mind clearly.
“It is none of your business, don’t come to bother me!” I don’t respond to the voice right away yet while I am still in the mode of touched.
“You are inside of my body, if you don’t want to, I can send you out.”
“Wait a minute!” my thinking comes back a little bit, “you are talking with me?”
“In the strict sense, this couldn’t be counted as talking, it is the spiritual communication that we established. But with the ability of your thinking, it’s nothing wrong that you think about it this way.”
“Really? Then… what kind of thing are you?”
“Same as you, according to the way of your understanding, I am a life as well.”
“The way of my understanding? How do you know what my understanding way is?”
“When you entered into my body, I had already seen all of your memories.”
“You this thief!”
“I don’t have this word in my thought. To cope with the future risks, all the lives should share all the memories.”
“Those are my memories! Why don’t you share your memories with me?”
“By the level of energy that you have right now, you can’t bear it yet.”
“I don’t care…”
……
In the talking between the two of us, I learn that the space where I am in is at the edge of the universe, and the gigantic life exists even when the universe was formed at the beginning. It’s not going beyond the limit to say that she is gigantic, because by her side have four planets almost the size as her. Her knowledge about the universe is far exceeding  than mine. I’m basically an idiot in front of her. But, she has something that can’t match up to me, just like…Well… I can act more shamelessly than she could.
In the not too long time, we became friends. She knows everything about me, I also know a little bit about her at the same time.
Because of her body configuration, I came up with a nickname for her, Cotton. But she just won’t call me the name “Tough, Unyielding, Fearless and Charming, Smart and Cool Dude Jack.” the reason? She says because it’s too long to remember. What kind of memory does she have?
“Little guy, what are you thinking?” see, she is more willing to call me this way.
“I am recalling the twenty four years of life that I have had,” I couldn’t help to have a little bit of sadness in my voice, “twenty four years! What did I leave in my life?”
“Are you still reluctant to leave your former life?”
“It’s not about reluctance or not, just, I have too many regrets.” the faces of my brothers were slide-showed on my mind one by one.
“That’s no use! The past is already in the past!”
“If let me to do it one more time, just once more, I’m sure that I can do it much better…” my voice has become very fuzzy.
“Really? Do you really want to live one more time so much? What if there is still only pains in the life which you experience once again?”
“I will change my fate! Why my fate will be controlled by others!”
“Do you really want to do it? Are you really not regretting your decision?”
“What’s the use to talk about this? No matter how badly I want to do it, with present my this look, it’s still no use!” I say, “it’s just kind of like daydreaming.”
“If you can satisfy one of my term, I will give you this chance.”
“What kind of joke it is, are you playing me?”
“I know this place, it really suits your requirements,” Cotton says, “but, I have one condition!”
“Why didn’t you tell me earlier that you know about a place like that? Can you send me there as soon as possible?!” I really have had of this kind of ghost life enough.
“Relax! It’s just an easy job for me to take you to that place.” Cotton is more and more foxy, “don’t you want to listen to my term first?”
“Let alone one term, even ten terms… if I can do it, I can promise you.” I can’t conceal my excited mood. “Hah haha!”
“My term is, you can’t call me Cotton anymore in the future!”
“No problem! No problem! Ha ha ha! That’s it? Ha ha ha! That will be no problem at all!”
“I will send you to there first, there are some things that needed to pay attention to, I’ll tell you one by one later after you get there.”
“Good, good, good. Ha ha ha! Why didn’t you tell me that you know how to do it?”
“Because not until now had I just found out that you’re really annoying...”
“Really? If I ever knew that, I would have annoyed you much more earlier! Ha ha ha…”
“Alright, what’s the new name you want to call me?”
“You don’t want to be called Cotton… Well… then I will call you Cotton Candy! Okay? Heh hehe…”
“Shut your mouth!”
…...
“You get the hell out of here…”
Along with Cotton Candy’s voice, I can feel that my body has a slight shock…
“Ha hah haha…”
The Reborn special train! Start off!


4

Finally, I stopped.
Although I can’t see the sceneries around me, but a lot of familiar feelings keep coming on me. Ah! This is the gentle breeze blowing, this is the drizzles dropping. 
Feeling the long lost experiences, I almost shed my tears. (Of cause I don’t have a body yet, so I didn’t drop.)
“Little guy, you have arrived.” this is Cotton … Candy’s voice.
“I… Now what should I do?” my mind is kind of hurry and confusion…..
“There are several lives moving towards you in the place not far away, can you feel them?”
“Yes, I do. I can feel that there are six of them. Ah, one of them is a little bit so strange. Obviously it should be just only one, but how come I can feel that there are two?”
“It’s not strange at all, she is expecting a small life in her body, she will be your mother very soon.”
“You… you want me to be reincarnated in a new body???”
"Yes, you don't need to worry about it, it is very safe."
"Why don't you find a mature individual to let me enter? Why should I have to be a child?"
“I can’t, because it will kill another soul if I do it that way. That’s not what I anticipate, I don’t think you want to be like that neither, right?”
“Whatever, you are the boss now, whatever you say is right!”
“There’s one more thing, after your soul enters into this life, it will not merge with it together right away.”
“What?  Cotton Candy, you’re kidding me, right? It’s no good with the big ones, it’s no good with the small ones neither. Are you playing me?”
“You’re made up by the form of energy right now. Furthermore, you absorbed other energies in the universe, this tiny body can't endure all your those hideous mess. There are some other problems as well.” 
“Can you finish it all in one time?”
“I will compress you into a very small energy form, and then put it into the place where this life has thoughts. When this life can endure your power, you can wake up then. Of course, I will stripe portion of you off in order to let you can control your body, to learn everything about this world which is all strange to you. Because the part which is stripped off from you would have a new development, the frequency will be changed. Therefore, there will be a specific event which will trigger the same frequency shock between these two parts, this will be the key condition to wake you up.”
“That's it? Nothing else?”
“That’s all so far, you will have a long sleep. Before you wake up, you will not have any memory for the former life. Are you ready?”
“Yes. You can begin now.”
“Alright.”
“Wait a minute... Cotton Candy... Can I still keep the memory about you?”
“If you insist.”
“Cotton Candy.”
“What?”
“Thank you…”
“You are welcome.”
“Cotton Candy…”
“What else do you still want to ask?”
“Think about your body configuration, do you want to consider to lose some weight?”
“Shut your mouth, it’s already started!”
……
……
Half a year later……
This is the center of Dark Moon City. In the mansion of the Viceroy, all the people are jumping up and down…  Everyone is on the run, everyone is bursting with happiness and worry at the same time.
Why? That’s because the Viceroy’s wife, the vicereine, is giving birth again. This is the Viceroy’s third child. But whole night is past now, that little guy is still in the womb and doesn’t want to come out yet. Among all the people who are worrying, Vassel Cada, the viceroy, is the most nervous.
Viceroy Vassel Cada, he is the only first civil, non-military viceroy ever in the Dark moon City’s history. He’s pacing back and forth at the garden next to the bedroom, the love of his life is moaning in the bedroom in pain, it makes him feeling the sympathetic visage as if it was received in person.
A tall stature person in soldier uniform stands next to him, “my brother, relax! There’s the Sister of the Saint Capital Magician Guild in there. Kathleen should be just fine!” he’s Vassel Cada’s sworn brother Turnasi.
“Yes, I know that too. But Kathleen, she…..”
“There should be no problem, just believe in her!” a magician in robe interrupts, “if Sister can’t handle it, I, Webber, will do it myself.” this is Viceroy Vassel Cada’s another sworn brother, Great mage Webber.
When Vassel Cada still wants to say something, a maidservant rushes out of the bedroom.
“Sir Viceroy, Madame gave born! It’s a little young master!”
When the excited expression just appears on Vassel Cada’s face, it still doesn’t have enough time to spread out on the whole face yet, another maidservant brings the new information.
“Sir Viceroy, little young master won’t cry!!”
“Sir Viceroy, little young master is smiling … and ….”
Vassel Cada can’t stand such torment finally, he rushes into the bedroom.
What first caught his eyes is a somewhat pale face, bright eyes, delicate and pretty eyebrows, straight and tall nose, and sexy lips. This is his beloved wife, Kathleen Heigar.
Kathleen is looking intently at the boy in her arms in fondness eyes, the little guy flares up in a action of denial with his tender limbs, his mouth gives out the chuckle laughter.
In the footstep sound, Kathleen raises her head and smiles at her worried husband. Her smiles just like the sunshine in the spring, it drives the anxiety out from Vassel Cada immediately.
“Come see our child, my dear.”
“Kathleen, I am glad to see that you are fine. But they… the maids said that our son won’t cry…”
“Who says that the new born baby must cry? The boy who knows how to laugh when he is just born must be a genius!”
“But…but weren’t his two brothers crying when they were born?”
“Lef and Sefta?… I don’t know neither, but don’t you like this boy?”
“Who said I don’t like him? They are all my children, I like them all. You just rest your heart, I will love him very much, just like I do to his two brothers.”
“Vassel Cada,” the Sister who is washing her hands raises her head, “about your this child, there’s one more thing.”
Vassel Cada then notices that he didn’t pay attention that there still another person in the bedroom, the Sister(virgin) of the Saint Capital Magician Guild, Belltina, that is very discourteous.
“I am sorry, I didn’t notice that you are here. It was hard on you, Virgin Belltina, please may I ask what’s the matter?”
“This child is very strange, there’s almost no magic fluctuation in his body.”
“Really? How come it would happen like this?”
“I don’t know the detailed information now yet, you don’t need to pay really close attention to it neither, maybe it is just because the child is too small, we can’t feel it yet.”
“It’s fine, no matter what, I am really appreciate everything what you have done for my child and his mother.” Vassel Cada gives a salute to Belltina while he is talking to her.
“No need to have so many courtesies, are we not friends?” Belltina covers her mouth with her left hand and laughs, "you know, Kathleen is my best friend and sister. Oh, right, have you named the child yet?”
“Kone Cada. I want to call him Kone Cada. Is it all right? Kathleen?”
“Kone, Kone, I like this name.” Kathleen talks to the child who is in her arms happily, “little rogue, from now on, you’re Kone Cada! You must better listen to Mama, you must be a good boy.”
The boy in the arms laughs even more joyously….
……Saint Calendar June 2215. The Deity’s catastrophe, the origin of the world’s turmoil, the evil axis, the dissident whose hands are full of the deity’s blood, Kone Cada, was born in the Dark Moon City…
<<The Secret History of Deity · Page 2>>


5

Pes Land, it’s a continent full of majesty and sorrow, from the ancient time to the present, it’s a fighting field of Deities and Demons.
On the north of the continent, there’s a huge island named “Heaven”, it’s where the Deities live. The Demons created a living place on the south of the continent for themselves, it’s called “Hell”, and it’s a huge island as well.
The Deities and the Demons opposite north and south, the fighting between them never stop. The peoples living in between are forced to split into two camps, they have to have a worship between the Deities and Demons, in order to ensure that they would have the protection.
The “Spia” Empire where the protagonist lives in, worships the God of The brightness, most of the residents are human beings. But the Dark Moon city where the protagonist live in has the continuous mountains called “Dark Forests” and vast deserts called “Death Sea”, there are a lot of alien races living in these two places. Although they are also in the territory of Spia, the folk custom in these two places is very intrepid. Even the public security is very bad around there, there are riots over there almost every year.
“Sir Vassel Cada, could you please ask for somebody else? I can not do anything to help the studies of your third childe.”
“But, sir, how come you would say like that? Kone doesn’t respect you?”
“No, it is not the case. Kone is very polite to me. But his thought is just too ridiculous, I just can’t accept his marvelous and bizarre thoughts. Oh, talk about this, oh, my heart…”
“Well, please calm down, Mr. Zack.” Vassel Cada thinks it over, “then you don’t have to teach Kone, what do you think about Lef and Sefta?”
“Your first and second childes? Their skills in fighting and magic are all very outstanding.” once speaking of Lef and Sefta, everything has turned bright before the instructor Zack.
“Then, can you please keep doing me a favor, please teach Lef and Sefta well for me, all right?”
“Can I? Can I be the first teacher of these two children?”
“Of course you can. You are the most outstanding instructor in the Dark Moon City.”
“But at present these days, the knowledge is not taken seriously by most people.” thought of his own specialty, the eyes of instructor Zack gets dim, “now people just have magic and swords in their hearts.”
“Don’t take it to your heart, grand secretary. Am I a civil viceroy as well?” Vassel Cada pats on the shoulder of the instructor with a smile, “even though they are pretty good on magic and fighting, as a need to inherit noble title to go to the battlefield warrior, those things are far from enough for them.”
“Since you insist, I promise you. Sir Viceroy, I will try my best to teach your children all I know.” the instructor bows to Vassel Cada, “but can you please tell your third childe not to say those words again, it’s desperately serious for the people in the Temple to hear that.”
Vassel Cada is frightened by Zack’s words, “him? What did he say this time again?”
“You sir should just ask him by yourself, I’m going now.”
Watching the instructor sighs and walks out the hall, the Viceroy can’t help himself sinking into the deep torment. This Kone, he makes all kinds of troubles since he was born.
At first, it’s kind of no big deal, he just only won’t cry, he just only doesn’t have magic energy.
But, compared with what later happened on him, these things are really unworthy of being mentioned.
First, he has the black hair that nobody have ever seen before, it makes everyone in the Empire all know the third childe of the Dark Moon City’s viceroy.
It even startled Your Majesty emperor, he sent the lead brightness priest from the Temple to check it out at the same night.
When the lead priest puts the saint fruit and black bug*1 which stand for brightness and darkness in front of Kone, Kone was still not knowing talking yet. Not waited for the lead priest to release the distinguishing magic, that boy had already grabbed the saint fruit and ate it, and then he treaded and killed the black bug.
It’s fortunately that the lead priest didn’t find any darkness inclination in his body, otherwise, not up to hundred days old, Kone would have been tightened up to a pole and burned to death on the square…
It’s not that easy when he grows up a little bit, when it’s the age for learning. But the six years old little bastard doesn’t want to study any fighting skills for some reasons, no matter how they threaten him.
Let him learn the magic? He doesn’t have any magic fluctuation in his body at all.
They have no other alternatives, but let Kone to learn other knowledge, they hope that Kone can be a civil official as his father when he grows up.
But nobody knows what’s on his little mind from morning till night, he learns nothing but the geography.
All the teachers were scared away by him. Today the instructor Zack is already the ninth teacher who is scared away.
“Ah…This boy…” Vassel Cada also heaved a sigh deeply.
“My dear, what happened?” his wife Kathleen comes and walks to him in light steps. “why you’re sighing again?”
“It’s still your dear baby’s problem, today he scares another instructor away again!”
“Ha ha! How many are there so far?”
“You’re still laughing…This is the ninth one now.” Vassel Cada twists his face that almost can drops some water down, “Zack is the last instructor I can hire in the Dark Moon City.”
“You don’t need to worry too much, Kone maybe is a little bit strange, but, he is still very well-behaved. Look, this is what he made for you.” Kathleen hands her husband a blue waist belt which has the silver decorative pattern on.
It seems very obviously that it takes whoever a lot of time and energy to make this belt, the whole waist belt is all handmade, the silver silk threads string together as a lifelike phoenix on the sky blue base.
Looking at the waist belt in his hands, Vassel Cada feels that his heart is full of softly fragrant warmth. But he is still somewhat helpless to shake his head.
“Kathleen, you don’t want this child just knit something like this for us when he grows up, right? Yes, Kone is really kindhearted. But this is a turbulent age. It’s very dangerous for the people who don’t have good ability.”
“So what can we do to help?” Kathleen begins somewhat worry.
“Where’s Kone?”
“He went out to play, he may not be back until tonight.”
“When he comes back, we need to spend some time to talk to him. Oh, right, I am going to the Saint Capital in a few days. What do you want me to buy for you? I will bring it back for you.”
“I don’t lack anything. You’re going to visit Turnasi and Webber, right? Please say hello to Belltina there for me as well.”
“I will, I also don’t know how those guys are now?”
……
I am just a six years old kid, I am so happy! I don’t need to go to those hideous messy classes today. Those having long beard and wearing long gown old grand dads teach you those senseless things every single day. Father says those are all the knowledge, but why do I feel that is not right?
Just like the instructor Zack today, he said that the continent under our feet is flat like a pan, but I don’t think that it‘s like what he said. If the continent is flat, why do I always see the sails first when I see the ships coming to us at the dork? It obviously tells that the continent is round. But when I spoke out what I think loudly, the instructor Zack was almost shocked to death. I don’t understand, I really don’t mean to scare him. Anyway, I have time to come out to play once again like this.
Oh! You still don’t know who I am? Let me tell you, my name is Kone Cada. If you become my friend, you can just call me Kone.
I am a kid who doesn’t have any magic power. I don’t have any magic power at all. In this place which called “Pes Land”, it’s unimaginable that someone totally doesn’t have any magic power. That’s because everyone will have it more or less.
I also don’t know why this will happen. Anyhow, my mom says that I don’t have any of it since I was born. Hence, I can’t use any magic. But my father still hires people to teach me a lot of general knowledge about magic. I just don’t know what it is used for.
Oh, right, there’s one more thing. I! Kone Cada, very… extremely hate… weapons! No matter what kind of weapon, once I hold those things which can bring people pains and deaths, I will have the kind of extremely disgusted emotion.
In the influence of the kind of emotion, I will throw up, I will cry and scream loudly, and then I will throw them away as far as I can. In such circumstance, my fighting skills of course will not make any further efforts.
Although I am such a child like this, but everyone still likes me very much, that’s because I always like to help people. I have a lot of friends over here, they watch me growing up. I also like them very much.
“Uncle, how much do you sell for your fruit?”
“Oh, it’s Kone. No charge. Just take one and see how do you like it.”
“Then I will knit you a hair knot*2 and bring it to you next time.”
……
“Big sis, how do you play this thing?”
“Do you like it, Kone? Let sis give you one to play.”
“I can’t do that, sis. My mom says that I can’t take other people’s things for free, let me exchange this tri-color flower sprout with you.”
……
“Granny, can I take a look at your book?”
“Of course you can, you can give it back to me after you finish reading it.”
“Thank you, granny. I will give it back to you a few days later.”
I receive the book from the granny, I can see the book named <<Record Events of  the Continent>> on the cover. So, it must be a book about history. It’s not the kind of book that I like. What should I do? I have already borrowed it from the granny. It I return it back to her right now, maybe she would be not happy. I can just keep the book for a couple more days, and then return it back to her.
……Coo-Coo……
Hmm, what’s the noise? I look up at the sky which is becoming dark, oh…It’s almost the time for dinner! I need to go home to have my dinner…Quick, quick, quick! Hurry up! I have something else to do after the dinner…

(Note*1: The identity magic of the Temple. Put the saint fruit for brightness and the black bug for darkness in front of the one who is being tested, the priest releases the magic. If the one who is being tested inclines to the brightness, the black bug will climb away from him. If the one who is being tested inclines to the darkness, the white saint fruit will turn into black. If the one identified by the Deity Temple has the darkness inclination, he will be punished with the death by fire. If the one identified by the Demon Temple has the brightness inclination, he will be stoned to death.)
(Note*2: The human residents live on Pes Land, no matter male or female, all have long hair. The hair knot is used to tie the hair.)


6

I “storms” into the door of viceroy mansion like a wind with the last least bit of the setting sunshine on me, I stop at the place just close to the dining room. It’s not because I am not hungry anymore. It’s because… I run into a big guy!
I rub on my somewhat deformed little head, “I said, my eldest brother, can’t you not to stay at the same place while you are waiting for me everyday? How many times I have already run into you?”
“You still have the excuse, you insult another instructor away today again. I don’t know who will dare to teach you in the future.” it’s my eldest brother, Lef Cada, talking to me. Lef has the burning-red hair, he has the firm and persistent face and the best looking blue eyes. Even though he is just ten years old, he has decided to be a knight in the future by learning both the magic and the fighting.
“Oh, yes, father and mother are waiting for you to have the dinner together. They say that they have something else to talk to you after the mneal.” my second elder brother’s head shows out from behind Lef’s body. He has the same hair and eyes as Lef’s, burning-red hair and blue eyes. But his face is a little bit more delicate and pretty, “please don’t say those somewhat strange words tonight, alright?”
“Oh, alright, brothers, I didn’t mean to say it that way to make them angry. But, that’s how I think in my mind.” even I am very hungry, but because I am talking to my brothers, I can’t show them that I am in a hurry. This is the manner.
Until mom’s silhouette shows by the diner room’s door, “Kids, don’t you feel hungry? It’s already past the dinner time. Come in and have the meal.” 
Yeah! Dinner, dinner, I love my mom the best!
“Have you finished your meals yet? Kids?” it’s my father’s gentle voice.
“We are done. Do you have anything to tell us, father?” my eldest brother put down his bowl long time ago, my second elder brother also finished his meal long ago.
“Lef, let’s wait for Kone.” mother looks at me who is still devouring ravenously, she laughs and talks to father, “our Kone’s appetite is always the biggest.”
“Ha ha, that’s for sure. He can eat almost as twice as a normal people’s appetite now.” father also smiles and asks me, “Kone, what are you doing every day now?”
“Me? I don’t do anything special. I went out to play on the street today.” my mouth is full of food, I say vaguely. “I don’t know why myself neither. I get hungry easier and easier now.”
Finally, I finished my last bite of the meal. I pat on my chest satisfied, “oh, I am full.”
“Alright, let’s come to talk about the matters of Kone.” father talks neither hurried nor relaxed, he asks me what is already in his mind, “Kone, what did you say to the instructor Zack today?”
“There’s nothing special. Instructor Zack told us that the continent under our feet is flat as a pan. I told him that I don’t think he is right, I think the continent is round. It is just like a ball.”
“What kind of joke you are having, Kone. If the continent is round, we would all drop out of it.” My eldest brother Lef opens his that pretty eyes wildly.
“I don’t know about this. But you can think it this way, if the continent is flat, why do we always see the tip of the things when they’re coming towards us?”
“Alright, you don’t need to argue about this anymore.” Father says, “The problem is not here. The problem is that you can’t say the words like these.”
Looking at our curious eyes, father continues to say, “Kone, you like to think, it’s a good thing. But, do you know? If the priests in the Deity Temple know the words like these, what kind of catastrophe will bring to you?”
I shake my head, “I don’t know. But what’s the relationship between my these words and the Deity Temple?”
“You kids are still too young, this is what I worry about. You still don’t know what can be said, and what cannot be said. but now it seems, I can’t hire teachers for you anymore. Kone, from now on, let me teach you by myself.”
“Oh, great! I am so happy to hear that.”
“And, you absolutely can’t say the words like these in the future, even though you think that they are right. You can think it in your own mind, or you can talk to or ask me.”
“Alright.”
“Oh. I am going to leave for the Saint Capital. What can I get you anything, kids?”
“I want the knight equipments!” This is my eldest brother Lef’s voice.
“Me too!” My elder brother Sefta is unwilling to lag behind.
“Really? Sefta also has decided to be a knight?” Father looks at my eight-year-old second brother.
“Yes. I have already made this decision long time ago.”
“Ha ha ha, Kathleen, you see, there will be two knights from our family.” Father says, and then he asks my two elder brothers, “But what about Kone? He doesn’t have any magic and doesn’t know any fighting skills.”
“It doesn’t matter!” My eldest brother Lef jumps on the ground from the chair. He speaks loudly, “Me, Lef Cada, in the name of the knight, I will try the best I could. I will protect my brother, Kone Cada, for life!”
“Me too!” No matter what happens, my second brother Sefta doesn’t want to lag behind my eldest brother Lef. “Me, Sefta Cada, in the name of the knight. I will try the best I could. I will protect my brother, Kone Cada, for life!”
Mother’s face brims with smile, “My dear, you can see. They three brothers are very close, they all care for each other.”
“Of course., they are all our children. But, should we have a daughter now as well?”
"Go, go, go! Who will talk about this in front of their children?” Mother smiles and smacks lightly on father’s arm. “Kids, let’s go to take a shower!”
Hmm! What are they talking about? Why do they not want us to hear? Could it be said that the adults are same as us, they also have a lot of secrets? It’s very strange.
……
“Mom, why is my hair is black……”
“That’s because mama likes the black hair kids. So Kone has black hair while you were listening to me well.”
“Then why do I have no any magic power…”
“That’s because mama doesn’t like Kone go to fight with people, so Kone is well-behaved not to have any magic power.”
“Mom…I want the blue eyes like brothers they have as well…”
“Little silly. Mama likes Kone’s black eyes the most…There will be a lot of girls indulge in you when you grow up.”
……
Hear the sound of my mother’s steps getting away, I turn my body and climb up from the bed.
Ha ha, mother was cheated by me, I don’t want to go to sleep yet, now it is still too early. But what shall I do next?
Oh, that’s right, didn’t I borrow a book from the granny today? I don’t have anything to do anyhow. Let me take it out and take a look at it.
I make the lamp on the desk a little bit lighter, I take the book out from the pocket. Alright, let me see. I’ll finish it if it’s a good book, I’ll return it to the granny if it’s not that interesting.
<<Record Events of the Continent>>
The continent we are on is named Pes.
While all the ethnic groups were still in the primeval condition, the Deities and the Demons were already in the war. The evil Demons, they are born with the darkness power and aggression inclination. And the great Deities, they protest us with their born brightness power.
On all the countries believing in the Deity of Brightness on this continent, there are Deity Temples built for the Deities. (This is real, father says there’s a very huge Temple in the Saint Capital.)
The Deity cares his people with his great power and his extreme kindness. We people are gifted by the Deity, we are all bathed in the light of the Deity… (It’s so boring, why there’s nothing good to read?)… The Deity feels that all the ethnic groups on the continent doesn’t have enough power of their own, they can’t fight against the ethnic groups that under the Demon’s lead. So, the Deity tells us the secrets of magic.
From then on, magic is not only reserved for the Deity and the Demons anymore. The spirits and the human beings are among the ethnic groups who are best on using magic. Other ethnic groups have some difficulties on using magic because of the relationship of intelligence.
The Deity teaches us wind, fire, water, earth, and brightness, five kinds of magic. The Demon teaches his peoples five kinds of magic too. They are wind, fire, water, earth and darkness…
… In the past wars, the ethnic groups, worship between the Deity and the Demon, had their own victories and defeats.
In a war which the Deity and the Demon were involved directly, the golden war, our great Deity mauled the Demon heavily, that keeps the Demon stays on the Evil Island until now. Even so, the Deity pays a very high price as well, he has to return to the Heaven Island…
… Because the Deity and the Demon are both trying their best to recover their power, unable to take care of the continent.
For the past one hundred years, the structure of the continent has been changed a lot. There are force groups made of countries as the principal part. The force groups made of races as principal part all went back to the islands outside of the continent. only a few individual races still exist in the Dark Forest and the Death Sea. The rest already melt into the countries…
… On the constitution of the country, because the quantity of the human beings are the most, so every country is controlled by the human beings as the result.
Human beings are divided into several classes: the (royal) imperial family, the noble family, and the populace family.
The races other than the  human beings, mostly are divided into humbles and slaves…
My! It’s so terrible! I don’t want to read it anymore! Oh, it’s also not early now, I should do the thing that I would do every single night.
I put down the book, crossed my legs and sat on the bed. I calmed my heart down, controlled my breath with a kind of special rhythm. 
I don’t know what it is, but, I know this since I have any intelligence. If I sleep with this way, I will be very vigorous the next day. ha ha, if still have a lot of secrets! I will tell you another day.
Slowly, with my special breath, I fell into sleep…
In tonight’s dream, what will appear…


7

Surrounding is all the miserable shrill cries, blinding firelight, and strong explosions. My hand hold tightly the unknown weapon, I take the lives out one by one with it. As long as being shot by the thing ejected from it, the living human body will spray out the blood fog. The fragments of internal organs and muscles splash everywhere, the incomplete bodies fall down with all sorts of unimaginable postures, there are no more signs of life on them…
I don’t! I don’t want to watch it anymore! I scream in my heart, but, it seems like that a big stone press on my chest, it makes me can’t make a sound.
I have already fallen down on the ground, a fat guy with extremely evil look steps a foot on my chest. He is laughing! My heart is full of anger, resentment, sadness, and a little bit of remorse.
“Don’t blame me… I have to give you up!”
“At least plus you!”
My feeble hand holds up a silver object with constant flashing red light on. Looking at their enlarged pupils, their afeared faces, and their panic steps, I have the infinite excitement in my heart…
Ha ha ha… Want me to die, you guys also have to accompany with me! Come on! “Boom”, the silver object explodes in my hand, my fingers are blown away, my arm is just a pale-white bone left, a ball of gas fog spreads all over the place… I can smell the breath of death.
It’s such a strong explosion… The huge fire ball swallows everything… all kinds of debris fly to everywhere disorderly… The sound of the compressed air is so strange…
“No!!”
I struggle to wake up from the dream, the sweats on the forehead and the tears from eyes are mixed together. They run down on my face along with my rapid breathing. The ice-cold feeling makes me shivering… It’s so horrible……It’s such a horrible dream… Who’s the guy in my dream? It’s not me, it definitely not is me… I don’t want to kill people… I don’t want to… I don’t want…
The sun is out! The warm sunlight shines on my face, it drives the cold of last night away, it’s so comfortable!
“Kone, come to say goodbye to papa.”
“Well, goodbye, papa!”
“Kone, be good! What do you want papa to bring back from the Saint Capital?”
“I want books. I want a lot, a lot of books!”
“That’s alright. Papa will bring Kone books back.”
“Promise?”
“Promise. Papa will not forget anything that I promise Kone.”
“Thank you, Papa. Kone will be well-behaved and listen to mama.”
……
It’s so boring… Mother goes to see father off. Brothers all go to the class. I am sitting under the tree in the garden, counting the bird’s twitters all by my own.
What shall I do? Nobody plays with me, I want to go out to play!
I finish my lunch in a hurry, I bring the book which is borrowed from the granny and run out of the house.
I return the book to the granny first. And then I wander around in the market.
Yee? There are several kids gathering over there, what are they doing? I want to go there to take a look.
On a relatively deserted corner of the market, a discussion about “fat lamb” is undergoing.
“Look over there, that’s the guy. The guy with black hair.”
“Yes, Boss. I see him now.”
“Marf, how much money did you see that he is carrying?”
“Boss, I just saw that he has lots of money in his money bag with Jack. Yellowish that kind.”
“You idiot, that’s called gold coin!”
“Oh, Boss, I know now.”
“Moah, You and Jack go to have a fight in front of him. Me and Marf go to take his money bag away.”
“But, Hairt. Oh, no, Boss! Jack is my younger brother. I promise my father that I will not bully him. Can I fight with Marf instead?”
“Shit! If you fight with Marf, who is going to steal… No… Who is going to take his money bag with me?”
“Oh, Boss, I see. Jack, I will hit you very lightly, you just need to endure it a little bit. When we get the money, we can have something good to eat tonight.”
“You just go ahead, I am not afraid of pain.”
As a boss, Hairt assigns the tasks to his brothers not so easy finally.
Come with the infinite mission, Moah and Jack just want to run to and have a fight in front of the “fat lamb” which the boss calls, they found out that the “fat lamb” is walking towards them by himself.
“Hi, How are you doing? What are you doing over here?” I ask, I know nothing about that I am being a “fat lamb” this matter at all.
When four seven or eight years old kids are looking at the “fat lamb” who is walking to them by his own, they are all dumbfounded.
“Boss, Shall I still beat Jack up?” A still sniveling kid asks a gray hair kid.
“Beat him up for what, you stupid head!” The gray hair kid knocks his forehead.
“Hey! You this little guy. What are you coming here for?” The gray hair kid asks me ferociously.
“I just come here to see what you are playing, I am just only a person all by myself. Nobody is playing with me.” I answer honestly.
“Play? Who wants to play with you? Go away, don’t hinder what we are doing!” The gray hair guy seems not that nice to talk to.
“Doing something? What kind of things are you doing? Can you let me join in?” I still don’t know that I am getting on the pirate’s boat.
“Your dress like a little noble, what do you know to do?” The “slug” says aside.
“I can do a lot of things.”
Since I am saying so, the gray hair kid thinks for moment and says, “Alright, you can come and join us. But, you need to call me boss.”
“Why do I need to call you boss? It seems that you are not much older than I am.” Boss, it’s such a familiar call.
“Silly! Boss is the meaning of Leader!” The “slug” rushes to say, “Hairt is our leader. So we all call him boss. Hairt is very brave! Last time we didn’t have anything to eat, Hairt just by himself climbed up the cliff behind the red nose old man’s orchard to steal…no, I mean that he took the apples back for us to eat.”
“Ah? You often don’t have anything to eat?”
“Yes, do you want to buy us something to eat?”
“Sure, that’s not a problem, what do you want to eat?” It’s really lucky, it happened that I bring some money with me today.
“You… really willing to buy us something to eat?’
“I want bread!”
“Jack like to eat meat the most.”
“Marf want to eat some chicken.”
……
After eating and drinking to their heart’s content, the five kids are lying down and resting on the grass satisfied.
“Hairt, this is where you climbed up last time?” I points at a steep slope and asks the gray hair kid, “It looks like that it’s not that high.”
“You will know once you go to try it.” Hairt says lazily, “Up there is the red nose old man’s orchard. If you can go up there and bring a fruit down, I will call you boss.”
“Really?” I ask seriously, “Will you really call me boss?”
“That’s for real.”
“Good!” How can I give such a good call to other people, it’s “Boss”!
“When I see the flames shine in his eyes, and watch him walking to that small cliff step by step, I know that I am going to lose my boss status pretty soon…” Many years later, Hairt is already one of the five senior Generals in the duchy, he says to his wife like this with some bitter remorse…..
I climb step by step, try to stick my body to the cliff as hard as I can. Every grass and every tree root become the tool for me to climb up, every bulge and dent will be the place for resting my feet.
I have never climbed a cliff like this before, but I don’t have any fear. Instead, I feel pretty excited. This seems not that hard for me!
When I finish climbing the last section with sweats all over my head, I just reach my head out. What welcoming me is not the full tree fruits, there is no flowers and applauses neither. What showing in front of me is… a shining cold light sword!
Looking at the sword swaying in front of me, I have to insert my hands into the soil, ten fingers grab the grass roots in the soil tightly. much more sweats are all over my body again, my disturbed heart beats faster and faster, I lower my head and wait for the trial of doomsday.
Oh, My! What if the guy catch me and take me to my home?
“Sis! Come take a look! I caught a thief!!”
Wait a minute! Why the voice seems like a little girl’s? I raise my head and look up in a hurry. Oh, no…
A little girl younger than me stares at me with her big eyes, it seems that she has big interest in me, it seems that I am a novel toy to her.
The shining sword is obviously too big for her. Not to let the sword to fall down, she has to try very hard to hold it with her both hands.
Even she try all her best, the sword is still swaying in a big range. Oh, my. That is what  happening!
After I watch her to put the sword blade on a rock smartly, I can take a deep breath finally.
I always think that sword is a very dangerous object, but I never think that the sword can show its real menace power, until it is in a little girl’s hand. Because it may fall down carelessly at any time…
“Sis,” Another girl shows up behind her, “What are you calling me for?”
“Look, Sis, I caught a thief!” The little girl talks to her elder sister complacently, and she points at me to her sister with the index finger. Oh, please, young lady! Please hold your sword tightly and don’t let it go.
“Really? Let me take a look.” The little girl’s elder sister looks at me this side. “He is just a little kid!”
“You are not little kids as well? Why do you try to talk like an adult.”
“Ah! Don’t you forget that you come here to steal things?” The little girl shouts again. “Be careful that I will call my grandpa to come to here!”
“I am sorry, you two kind ladies. Can you please let me to climb up to there first? I almost can’t hold on it anymore! If I fall down, then you don’t have the war trophy anymore!” My body is getting numb. For the sake of my life, I talks the politest words in a most sincere tune that I can think of.
“Alright, you can come up here!” It seems that the elder sister is more kindhearted.
I climb up with the most clumsy move in my life. I lie down on the ground collapsed.
“Hey, you little thief! What do you want to steal over here?”
No need to ask, I can tell that it must be the younger sister talking by the ruthless voice.
I lower my head helplessly and point at the trees over our heads, I tell my purpose of this trip honestly “Apple.” I say faintly and weakly.
“Apple?? Ha ha ha!!”
“What? What is so funny?” I really don’t know what they are laughing about. But, I am pretty sure that they are laughing at me.
You know what it looks like that two girls laugh to lie on the ground? Now I can see what it is. Am I this little thief that funny?
When they get up from the ground after they have laughed enough, they ask me to take a look at the trees, then I just know how stupid I am. There are little finger big green fruits swinging in the trees in the wind. This…This...This is apples?
“Hey! Lovely Mr. little thief. Have you ever try this kind of apple before? Or you just don’t know what the season that the apples can be eaten at all? Ha hah ha!!”
“Little sis. Don’t laugh at him like that! You see that his face turns all red.”
Oh, My! Let me hit a tofu to die! Steal apples in spring, I am losing my face totally...

…"It’s the first time I met him in my grandfather’s orchard, my sister and I just had our six years old birthday, he was seven years old then. Black hair, black eyes, delicate and pretty face. He showed up in front of me and my sister. Instead of falling from the sky, he drilled out from the ground. Of course, my sister and I welcome him kindly because he brings us a lot of …..happiness! Who knows in the end, my sister and I will both marry him together."
… A passage from <<Princess Lola's diary>>


8

"Why are you depressed? Try to be happy!" This little sister is really an idiot, don’t you know that I am not so happy just because of you?”
“That’s right! You don’t need to be like this. I’m Feline Lola. This is my younger sister Kelly Lola.” It’s the gentle voice of the elder sister, “And what is your name?”
When I hear she says that, I raise my head and look at the two girls carefully. Oh! They are a pair of twins originally!
The same fine eyebrows, the same bright eyes, and the same delicate and pretty faces they have. But the tricky flame in the eyes of the little sister make me terrified. Why can’t she be the same like her elder sister?
“Ah…..You have black hair, and your eyes are black too, I heard of you before. You are Kone Cada!”
“I… I… I am Kone…” I really can't tell a lie.
“Kone Cada? Then you are the son of the viceroy. Why do you come to here to steal the apples?” The elder sister was confused.
“I… actually…” It seems I can’t get it passed if I don’t lie, “I am actually very hungry.”
“Didn’t you have your lunch?” Feline asks.
“I… I… I run away from home!” Ah! It’s really difficult to tell a lie.
“Well… Are you not a noble? What’s wrong with your family? Why do you need to run away from home?”
“I… I… I am sick…” I don’t know what I am talking anymore.
“What kind of illness do you have? My elder sister will be the best physician in the future! You can tell her what the symptoms are.”
“That’s right! Even though I am not a physician yet, but at least I know some healing magic right now.”
What kind of disease do I have? Since I have intelligence, besides I often have those nightmares, I have never had any disease…
“Can’t speak it out? So you’re lying to us?” Kelly has the shining flame in her eyes again. “Sis, shouldn’t we go to tell grandpa?”
“No! I….I am really sick!” What should I say? What should I say? I will be done if I can’t make up an excuse pretty soon.
The following is the top secret of the Duchy Royals that only a few know about!!!
“I… I… My rear, my ass has a... has a…”
“What do you have on your ass? Say it quickly!” This Kelly doesn’t have any demeanors of a lady.
“On my ass… On my there… There’s… there’s a hole…”
…….
After they laugh enough, I am still brought to in front of a red nose old grandpa, an retired old general.
He has a tall and straight body, a mighty temperament, and….a red red nose.
“How are you, Grandpa! I’m….I’m Kone Cada.”
“Oh! You are Kone Cada! Welcome, welcome!” The grandpa’s voice is so loud! “You can just call me grandpa same as what Feline and Kelly do in the future! Your father and I are good friends too!”
“Grandpa, Kone is really interesting!”
“Really? Then you might be good friends in the future!”
“Hey hey! We are already good friends!” My… Who wants to be your friend!?
It may not be a bad idea like this. At least, I don’t need to worry about the situation right now.
But, those four guys, they obviously know that there is this kind of horrible creature up here, they still ask me to come up here, I must give them some revenges!!
“Grandpa, I have four more friends still down the orchard there.”
“Are those four guys, one of them the name is Hairt?”
“Yes, you are right. How do you know, grandpa?”
“Ha ha ha! Besides Hairt and his friends, who dare to climb up to my orchard?!”
“Oh. It’s such like this. Grandpa, they are orphans. I think…”
“That’s no problem. It’s not bad to be what you say. That should be able to prevent them to go out to learn something bad.”
……
I put down a big bag in front of those four guys, it’s full of foods. I sit down with unhappiness on my face.
“From now on, I am your boss!” In the confused eyes of these four guys, I spoke these words.
“Lots of foods to eat! Boss! You are the man!” saw so many foods, Moah admitted me at the first time. “Jack, don’t you agree with what I am saying?”
“Yes, our new boss is really great….” Jack’s hands grasp things back and forth in the bag. “Last time, Hairt came back with wounds all over his head!”
I stared at Hairt straightly with the angry eyes. “Very good, you want to harm me indeed!” I say painfully, “You must know that there is two ferocious and ruthless girls up there, right?”
“This… you can’t blame this on me! It’s you who wanted to climb up there by yourself!”
“Hairt, shouldn’t you call Kone the boss now?” Marf is upholding the justice.
“But he didn’t get the apple!” Hairt is still trying to keep his position.
“Look at this!!” I take a very tiny fruit out of my bosom. “Just because of you! And you! I was laughed at by those two little girls!”
“Wow…So this is what the spring apple is!”
“Yeah…I never saw it like this before…”
“Boss, can we have the food now?”
“Stop!” I yelled loudly, “Hairt, Do you think that I am the boss now?”
“I, Hairt, will act as what I say. Since you get the apple, you are the boss now?”
“Really?” I laugh out loud, “Hey hey, for you guys not get hungry anymore in the future, I have already talked to the red nose grandpa.”
“Boss, what did you talk with him?”
“To let you guys to do some helps in his orchard, hey hey… Don’t give me your sad faces…He will provide you guys foods. Of course, you guys have to live with him together!”
“No! Boss, I don’t want to go there…”
“It‘s out of question! I am the boss now. I say go, you must go!”
“That’s miserable…Those two girls are very fierce …”
“Don‘t say anything more… Don’t you think our boss is even more fierce?”
Hairt doesn’t say anything. That’s because he has already passed out…
From then on, Hairt them four guys live in the red nose grandpa’s house. although grandpa is kind of ferocious and ruthless, he takes care of these four guys very well. He teaches them the fighting skills and magic. Hairt and Moah have the strong bodies, so they major the fighting skills. The their bodies of Marf and Jack are a little bit weak, they major in archery and magic, but they are pretty good in using the short sword as well.
I go to there to visit them every day. I will watch by the side when they are practicing, although I don’t want to learn any fighting skills, and I don’t have any magic power neither, but I still can learn and tell a lot from it.
Especially Feline and Kelly these two little girls! I will be indignant once I think of what they do. One of them will use the attack magic to get us wounded all over the body, and then the other one will use the recovering magic to heal us.
Who knows whether they have talked this over.
When we have the spare time, I teach them the knowledge which I learn from the books. Or I will go out to play with them, like explore the open country, or go to swim and catch fish in the river.
In the areas around Dark Moon City, every hill has our laughter left behind, and every river remembers our silhouettes…
Just like this, in the happy days, I welcome my twelve years old birthday…


9

“The wind from the ancient,
Oh, please bring my heart to fly together!”
Feline’s body floats into the air with the finish of the chanting.
“The angry fire, oh, please listen to my call, bring the harms to the enemies!”
Bit by bit, the light shows up on Kelly’s palms, the red flame on the index finger is pointing at us…
“Oh… No! We are not ready yet!” Jack is crying loudly and trying to run away.
Hairt holds the big wooden sword with both his hands, he shouts, “Don’t be afraid! Watch my... Brutal Cut!!” The big wood sword chops down from the top, it cuts towards the oncoming flying fire ball…
Marf just shoots an aimless arrow at Feline who is still in the air, then he makes an water class magic circle around his body.
…I look at the getting closer and closer fire ball…It seems that no way to run… And I can’t fight it back neither… What else I can do? Under this kind of circumstance, I don’t have any other choice, I pull Moah who is trying hard to swing his heavy sword to the front of my body… Sorry… Moah…
“Bam!” The fire ball is broken up by his heavy sword under Hairt’s “Brutal Cut”, but the sparks flying everywhere, burn his hair and clothes.
Jack runs out far away, but he tumbles onto the ground after he gets caught by Feline’s wind binding magic.
“Hey, Boss, why did you pull me back just now?” Moah turns around and asks me, his face is burned black by the fire ball. “You see, I can chop down that fire ball same as what Hairt did …”
“Well, this…” I scratch my head embarrassed. “Don’t you think that compared with chopping down the fire ball, it’s more important to protect your boss?”
“Oh… Hairt, your clothes is gone! Do you have some other clothes to change?” The still lying on the ground Marf says, this poor guy is set on the ground, it is Feline's masterpiece.
“Hey hey, Somebody always say that how amazing he is. It’s just so-so like this. Am I right, sis?” It’s that voice again! 
“You guys don’t be surprised. This is the magic we just learned today. What do you think? Is it fierce?” Feline says gently while she is walking towards us, “It’s also the first time we are using them!”
“You two are taking us to do the test again!!” The no hair Hairt looks very energetic, “Even you want to have some tests, you should tell us before that! Look, my clothes!”
“Even I tell you before that, can you still save your clothes?” Kelly talks back, “It may just has a few holes less on it.”
“Oh… Kone,” Feline asks me while she is recovering Moah’s face with the magic, “Why do you come here this late today?”
“It’s not my fault. I just talked something with my family.” I am curious to see that Moah’s face is getting well little by little, “Tomorrow will be my twelve year old birthday, I come here to invite all of you to my birthday party.”
“Oh, it’s boss’s birthday,” Jack jumps up very excited, “Boss, will it be very fun?”
“It is not what you think, just my parents and my brothers want to see you guys. Nobody else.”
“What? Go to meet the Viceroy? Sis, Can I wear your that red dress?”
“Of course you can! I will just take that blue one, I also have the red and  the blue hair ribbons, you and I just take one for each of us!”
Hairt has the sad face to look at these two sisters who are discussing what to dress for the party tomorrow. He turns to me, “Boss, what should we do? I don’t have any new clothes.”
I look at the small and big holes on the front of his clothes, “It is no big deal, I have already talked to the clothes store long time ago, now all of our clothes are ready. Each one of us has one, they are all the same style!”
“Really? Are you sure, Boss?”
“Yes. We can go to pick up the clothes now!”
“Then let’s hurry up, Boss! You can see how big the holes are on my clothes. If I am not careful to let the girls to see it, I will be taken advantage of it and suffer the losses.”
"Hairt, if there really some girls want to see you on the street, can I charge them?”
“Marf, you are getting crazy for money!”
“Boss, we can pull Marf’s clothes open…”
“Enough, let’s go to call Feline and Kelly together.”
……
Seven people walk out the door of the cloth store.
“Sis, look at them. They think they are looking good when they put on the new clothes! How overweening!”
“Hey! Miss Kelly, it’s the new clothes!” Marf has the dignity on his face.
“Ha ha, Kone, Hairt and Moah have that kind of bodies, they look good in the dresses, but you and Jack…” Miss Kelly flats her lips, “Not too skinny? Try to eat some more meat!”
"Hey, Kelly, please don’t count me in! alright?” Jack says, “Besides, it’s the result that you maltreat us.”
“Alright, alright. Sis, please stop talking. We should go home now.”
"Yeah! You guys see that there are many people at the city gate!”
“Yes, let’s go to take a look!”
Under the tall and big city gate of the Dark Moon city, I experience the “shock” for the first time since I was born!
The endless crowd continue to rush into the gate. In the crowd, there are male and female, old and young. There are long trip tiresome and yellowish sick color on every one’s face. Dust all over the body, bags everywhere, calling for sons and daughters, everywhere is miserable….The stronger ones are still struggling to walk to the square in the downtown, while the weaker ones just lean against the city wall and sit down when they just walk into the city gate…..
“Uncle, what happened to you people?” I ask a orcs who is half lying on the ground. *1
“Water, please give me some water…” The orcs looks at me with his glassy eyes.
“Jack! Go get some water.” Kelly shouts at Jack before I even say anything.
“War…War…” After the water moist the chapped lips, the half animal man tells very seriously, “The Leewa Empire is fighting with the Porta Empire …”*2
“We are the residents of the Porta Empire. More than ten days ago, the Leewa’s army fights to the place where we live, the whole… whole village people all run away. But, along the way, the nobles don’t allow us to get into the towns, they say that they don’t have energy to protect us these despicable people. The Deity Temple was not willing to help us neither, not even a small blessing to the people escape from home….”
“We don’t have any other way but have to run out of our country. On the road, hungry, tire, and sick…The dead bodies on the road are the route markings for the upcoming people… my wife… my Child… Oh my child! He is too young to have the tree skins…I have to feed him some mud! His belly was swollen like a ball! I… I even don’t have the strength to bury him. Oh my Deity!! Why? Why I am so devout! You still give me the fate like this!!”
Listen to the words of the orcs uncle, we are all dumbfounded!
“Boss, can I please to ask you for some money?” Moah walks to me slowly and whispers to me, “There are some kids over there dying.”
I untie the coin bag from my waist belt, hand it to him silently. I can’t say a word anymore, my throat is kind of stuck by something tightly, the tears are circling in my eyes…
“Sis, you go there to check it out quickly. An aunt was in severe pain over there.”
“Oh! Marf, you go to get a big pot to here!”
“Hairt, go ask the bosses of the rice stores to bring the rice to here!”
“Moah, take off your clothes to cover it onthis little brother.”
“Kelly, go get grandpa to here quickly, only grandpa can handle this kind of fester wound.”
……
When I striped to the waist to bring back a big bundle of firewood and got ready to set fire, I saw my father, Vassel Cada. Father didn’t have the normally familiar smile on his face. He was directing the soldiers to bring the weakest people to the hospitals. When he saw my naked upper body and the firewood in my arms, father didn’t say a word, he just nodded his head at me…
There’re more and more refugees coming into city. By sunset, there’re crowded refugees on every empty place in the city. In the end, every people living in the city comes out to help. Foods, clothes, medicines… The Dark Moon City is trying its own best efforts to help the people who escape from their homes.
When the stars lights shine on the Dark Moon City, we seven people all fell into sleep… Under the city wall, in the crowded refugees, along with the first sunshine of the morning, I, Kone Cada, am twelve old!

…In Saint Calender June, 2227, the “June War” breaks out between the Leewa Empire and the Porta Empire.
The cause of the war is that the princess of Porta Empire is molested by the second prince of Leewa Empire while she is visiting Leewa Empire.
The war keeps on for four months, there’re wins and loses by both sides. The same year, the war ends. Because both sides don’t have too big losses, thus the Leewa Empire apologizes to the Porta Empire earnestly first. The Princess of the Porta Empire marries the second Prince of the Leewa Empire… They live a very happy life after marriage…
------《Records of Continental · Chapter Seventeen》
(Note*1 : Half animal mankind(orcs) is one of many races on the continent. They are very similar to human beings.)
(Note*2 : The Leewa Empire and the Porta Empire are both the neighbor countries of the Spia Empire.)


10

After a day of hard work, we finally can sit down to have our meals.
In the Viceroy mansion, several people are working hard around a big table!
“Boss, you have this kind of meal every single day?” Jack asks, “The meal of the Viceroy mansion is the same as what we have normally!”
“Don’t you think that we will have dragon meat in the Viceroy mansion every day?” I answer with no good temper. “This is even my birthday meal!”
“It’s alright, Jack.” Moah says unclearly with his mouth full, “You should have some more, in that way you can grow stronger.”
Nobody is talking anymore, everybody puts his whole heart into dealing with the foods on the table…..
“Oh, dear, look at these kids,” Mother laughs and says, “They are all lighthearted.”
“Yes, happy days.” Father nods his head, “Today is Kone’s birthday. Kathleen, do you get your gift ready yet?”
“Yes, I have already got it ready.” Mother brings out a little red box with the silk ribbons on it. “Here you are, Kone.”
“Thank you, Mom.” I can’t wait to open it. “Wow! What kind of clothes is this?”
“That is not a clothes.” Mother smiles and says. “That’s a soft armor.”
“Really? It’s so light!” I unfold the soft armor, “And it’s so big!”
“That’s because Kone is still too little.” Father says, “But according to Kone’s figure, you can fit into it when you are sixteen years old.”
“Oh, papa. does it have a name? Why is it so light, and it is black as well?”
“That’s right. Uncle Vassel, this armor looks just like a clothes! Are you sure it can defends?” Kelly asks confused.
“Ho, ho, don’t you look down at it. This is a treasure that it can defends the magic attacks especially!”
“Really? Let me try on it!” Kelly puts her finger pointing at me excitedly, but there nothing comes out for a long time.
“Ha, ha, sis, you forgot.” Feline says to her, “We almost used all of our magic power.”
“Oh, right. Then let me try it next time.” Kelly sits down resentfully. (It’s so fortunately!)
“Kone, this is what me and Sefta give to you!” My big brother hands me a big box too.
“Thank you, brothers.” I open the box and take a look inside, “What’s this? Why does it look like an egg?”
“You’re right! You’re absolutely right!” My second brother Sefta says loudly. “This is a magic animal’s egg. *1 Aunt Belltina gave it to us when we went to Saint Capital last time!”
“Really?” I look at the egg in the box. The egg shell is sparkling and crystal-clear and white. There are some black dots on it. “But how do I eat it? Do I need to boil it first?”
“Oh, my Deity…” Sefta grabs his forehead painfully. “That is not for you to eat!”
“Ha, ha, our Kone’s appetite is so unusually special.” Mother says, “This, Auntie Belltina tried very hard to find it, you can hatch a magic animal out of it!”
“Is it fierce? I mean the magic animal.” Moah asks.
“It’s not necessarily so because the magic animal will grow up according to the master’s characteristics.” Father smiles and explains to Moah. “And it will take a very long time to hatch it. During the hatching time, it will need to absorb the power from its master’s body.”
“But Kone doesn’t have any!” Kelly stands up again, “He doesn’t have fighting skills or magic powers!”
“The power what I meant,” Father looks at me, “It’s the power of heart. It’s the power of kind-hearted and evil.”
Saw I nod my head, father keeps saying. “The power in every people’s heart is very strong. This egg is what your auntie Belltina gave to your brother under our Majesty Krimer’s agreement.*2 Even it’s just a normal magic egg, it’s still hard to say that it can’t be a very stong magic animal under Kone’s training.”
“Really? Doesn’t it mean that Kone will have a good helper?” Feline seems very happy, “Does the magic animal will listen to Kone’s order?”
“Yes, of course! Because it will grows up by absorbing Kone’s spirit power.” Mother says, “Thus, they can communicate in soul.”
“heh, heh, I really thank you for your gift, brothers.” I say, “But Papa, where’s your gift?”
“I know that I am not the exceptional.” Father laughs and says, “But all the foods and snacks that I get ready for you were sent to the refugees, there’re a lot of kids needing the nutrition more than Kone do. Will you be mad, Kone?”
“Of course I am not!”
“Are you sure? What about this! Kone, you can ask for a gift from Papa now!”
“Mmm, alright!” I think about it and say, “I want to go to the Saint Capital with Papa!”
“You want to go to the Saint Capital?” Father says, “That will be easy. Anyway, I am leaving to report this refugee event to Majesty Krimer tomorrow. You can go with me together!”
“Oh, yeah! I am going to the Saint Capital!” I am so happy and jump up high!
“Boss, if you find something good over there, please bring some back for us.”
“Right, boss, especially clothes. You look, I just put on that new clothes for a moment, then I have to give it to that little brother.”
“Hairt, actually your this clothes is not too bad neither…Heh, heh, it has so many holes on, you can feel real cool in it!”
“Miss Kelly! This is all your fault!!”
“Kids, don’t worry. Aunt Kathleen will bring you the clothes in a moment!”
……
This is my first time riding on a horse! Father especially picks a small undersized white horse for me. I name it “White Cloud”. He is very tame! Not even a little bit mischievous. He just run by my father’s horse’s side, not too fast, not too slow. That makes me can talk to my father easily.
“Papa, you see, so many wild flowers over there!”
“Of course a lot. This is the Green Plain which is connecting the Dark Forest!”
“Is that Dark Forest which has many races living in?”
“Yes.”
“Is that Dark Forest really very dark? No sunlight over there?”
“No, it’s not like that. The Dark Forest is same as our Dark Moon City. It has the sunlight too. The main reason is that there are so many other races living in there, but not many human beings. Furthermore, these races are different from us in body figures and living habits. So we all think that it’s mysterious! Plus, these peoples’ folk customs are very intrepid. Human beings are not that easy to get into their territories. Thus, people call it the Dark Forest.”
“Oh, that’s the reason why. So what kind of races they have in there?”
“Many many. Like half-animal race, blood-sucking race, wing-man race, and spirits too!”
“It seems very fun. Papa, please keep telling me more!”
“That will be alright. As long as Kone wants to listen.”
……
From far away, a horse is running towards us, the rapid sound of the horse’s hoofs interrupts our talking. With a roar by the guy on the horse back, the horse kicks up with only the back legs on the ground, and then stops by our side firmly.
“Sir Viceroy! We found a group of hunters in front!” That’s my father’s guard captain, uncle Meza.
“Hunters? What are they coming to here for?” Father wrinkles his brows.
“I saw that they bring some iron cages with them.” Uncle Meza has the sweats all over his face, “It looks like that there’re something in the cages.”
“Detestable!” Father is getting angry, “It’s these guys again! Go catch them and bring them to here! We will be camping over here today.”
“Yes, Sir!” Uncle Meza yells, “Front guards follow me!”
More than thirty horses run to the front after uncle Meza, they kick up bunch and bunch of dusts.
“Papa, why do you want to catch these guys?”
“Kone, you must remember this. These guys are bad guys, they come here to catch the little kids of alien races.”
“But, why do they catch the little kids.”
“Sell!” Father grieves and says. “They bring these little kids to other countries to sell them as slaves!”
“What is slave, Papa?”
“Slave is the people no freedom, no protection, no enough foods, and be humiliated all the time.”
“It’s so horrible… But how do I never hear about it before?”
“Kone, there’s no slave in our country. This is one of the reasons why Papa can be a viceroy in Spia.”
“Oh! Kone understands now.”
……
When the guards have set up the camps, I see that uncle Meza brings the guards escorting more than ten people back, and several huge iron cages…

(*1 Magic animal is a kind of creature with powerful strength. They have their classes. The low class only can do some physical attacks. The high class can use magic. The quantities of them are rare. They can grow up according to their masters' characteristics.)
(*2 Because the magic animals are rare, normally only the royal family members have the qualification to own. Non-royal family member only can own one under the emperor’s agreement.)


11

Father is managing his official business in the tent. Heh heh, father’s voice is still very gentle even when he is angry. But those hunters are a little bit disappointing, even at first they say that they are the special hunters of some what nobles. At the end, they cry shrilly when the batting on their rears and plead guilty tamely.
Eh, it’s so boring. This’s not even as fun as I watch wild flowers at the outside.
“Uncle Meza,” I raise the water bag in my hands highly, “You lose lots of sweats! Here’s some water for you.”
“Thank you, Kone!” Uncle Meza takes over the water bag, his voice is still that loud, Hah hah.
“Uncle Meza,” I look at the cages behind him, “I want to take a look at them.”
“Go ahead, but just don’t get too close.”
“Why?” I ask, “I can look more clearly when I get closer.”
“It’s out of question!” Uncle Meza points at a cage behind him, “Kone, you look, this is a kid of the dwarf race, he has the powerful strength. He is too dangerous for you.”
“This is a little spirit, she may attacks you with magic when you get close to her… This is a wing-man race…. This is a sand race…. Mmm, how come this little blood clan girl looks like that she’s sick?!” Uncle Meza looks nervous while he is introducing them to me. He then walks into my father’s tent in a hurry.
Sick?! I lower my body and put my hands on the iron railings, I get my head closer to look at this little blood clan girl carefully.
Obviously, she is very weak, her skin shows a kind of sick pale-white. The original gold color hair lose its shine, under the slender brows are two eyes shut tightly. She looks like that she is very cold, she curls her body and keeps shivering.
“Please… save her… Please… save her…. I can… I can be a slave for you…” A faint voice comes from the next iron cage.
I turn around and take a look. Oh, it is that little girl of the elf race.
When she sees that I react to her words, she is struggling to stand up and get closer to me.
“Please, save her… Little sister Wilsa is going to die! Please save her… Even though she is a blood clan people, but she never did anything wrong…” two strings of sparkling and crystal-clear tears run out from her eyes, along her face and down to the ground. She is sobbing and trying hard to stretch out her hand to me. Because she pushes too hard, her face is jammed out of shape by the railings of the iron cage’s.
I forget all the words what uncle Meza told me, under such kind of circumstance, I can’t help to hold the hand which she reaches out.
“What can I do for her? I don’t have any magic power. I don’t know how to cure her.” I hate my uselessness now.
The little spirit has the shine of hope in her eyes, “you don’t need to… Please give me a knife and a container which can hold the blood.”
“What do you want to do? I don’t understand.”
“Little sister Wilsa needs to drink some blood…” The little spirit lowers her head, “she just… Please hurry up to give it to me…”
“No!!” A hoarse voice comes from another cage around, “Wensley, you can’t lose blood anymore! These days they cut you for your blood! You will die as well if you do it again! If need to do so, please cut me!!”
I look at the little sand race boy, “What’s happening to you guys indeed?”
“I beg you! I Mogardi can be a slave for you! Just please bring the knife to me!!”
“No, Mogardi! You have lots of wounds on you…”
“I’m so useless! If our wing-man’s blood is not cold, I can save Wilsa!”
I pull the little spirit’s hand straight with my right hand, and roll up her sleeve with my left hand… The white-skinned arm has all the wounds spread all across, it’s so horrifying.
I look at the wounds all body little sand race boy and the bursting into loud sobs little wing-man, then I turn around and walk into my father’s tent.
“Papa, please give me a knife.” I say to my father calmly.
“Sure, Kone. Wait, ah! What did you say?” Father opens his eyes widely.
“I said I want a knife, Papa.” I say calmly, “There’s a little sister going to die. Only blood can save her.”
"Really? I can give you a knife. But, don’t you hate the weapons all the time? Also,” father is thinking obviously, his hand is rubbing on his forehead, “Who do you want to cut for the blood?”
“I will use it to cut myself for the blood, Papa.”
“It’s not allowed!” It's uncle Meza’s loud voice, “If need to do so, please cut me!”
I shake my head, “Uncle Meza, my father is the viceroy of the Dark Moon City, he has his own duty. And you, uncle Meza, you response for my father’s safety. You also have your own duty. Your duties ask you to keep your bodies well, I can’t affect you because of my decision. And," I look at my father firmly, “I insist my decision!”
“Meza, give your dagger to Kone.” Father obviously thinks something over, he stretches out his hand to stop uncle Meza who still wants to say something, “Watch him, don’t let our hero run out all his blood for his lovely little sister.”
I force myself to endure the extreme disgust, take over the dagger which uncle Meza hands out to me. I walk out of the tent, watch the guards to open the cage which Wilsa is in, and hold the still shivering little girl out with both arms.
“Let me help you,” Uncle Meza grabs my hand which is holding the dagger. “You don’t know how deep you suppose to cut.”
“Get ready.” Uncle Meza talks to the guard next to him, “Catch childe Kone’s blood well! If getting one drop out, I will take the feather out of your helmet,*1 and let you to guard the latrine."
In the confused eyes of the spirit, the wing-man, the sand-man and the half-orcs kid, uncle Meza grabs my hand slightly, the light flashes on the dagger blade, then I feel my wrist cold first, and then warm, the red fresh blood runs out from my wrist.
“Hurry to catch!” Uncle Meza shouts loudly, why does it sound like that he is the one bleeding?
“Your merciful holy power!” Seeing the blood almost fill bowl half full, a magician guard begins then chanting, “Heal the man in front of me!” Along with the move of his finger, the wound on my wrist closes slowly…
“Oh! I almost forget.” I talk to the magician guard, “Can you please go check the wounds on them? They have some severe wounds!”
“As you wish, childe Kone. But that will be a moment later.” The magician doesn’t turn away, he reads something silently and then touches my forehead with his finger. My head, why do I feel a little bit dizzy… be quite confused and stupefied, I fall into sleep…
……
……
“Sir Viceroy, why didn’t you stop Kone?”
“Meza, you know that my this child never wants to touch any weapons since he was born.”
“Yes, I know.”
“When I heard that he asked me for a knife, the astonishment in my heart can’t be told by language.”
“I don’t understand, Sir Viceroy.”
“My friend, I know that this child has a lot of differences from other kids since he is little, smart, kind and no magic power. He doesn’t have the boy nature like having the desire to fight. I and his mother are all very worried about the life which he’s going to face when he grows up. After all, this is a fast-changing world…”
“But why Kone today he…”
“According to my observation all the way, Kone refuses to contact with any weapons because he extremely detests killing… I don’t know what is the cause. But today, he has the opportunity to understand that weapon can save life too. So, you say, how can I refuse his request?!”
“That’s right! The expression on childe Kone’s face is very steadfast at that moment! Nobody can say no to him!”
“This is also the first time you call him childe!”
“It’s not surprising at all. Childe Kone today wins the  respects of all the people with his kind-hearted and courage.”
“Hah hah hah hah, Meza, I’m very happy. What about to come have a drink with me?”
“Sorry, Sir Viceroy, I’m on duty right now.”
“Oh! I forgot it while I am too happy. Mmm, so, how is Kone going?”
“He doesn’t lose a lot of blood, he’s sleeping under the effect of the magic. He should be alright when he wakes up tomorrow morning.”
“Really? That’s good. Go put those hunters into the cages! Just like what they did to those children! Give them nothing but little water!!”
“Yes! Sir Viceroy!”

(*1 There are decoration feathers on the high-level guards’ helmets. They are shown for the status.)


12

"No!" Same as usual, once again, I woke up from the nightmare screaming. I breathe rapidly.
"Oh," Somebody whispers by my side, "You're awake."
Several small heads surround up to me immediately, it scares me a bit.
"I'm Wen! I'm a wing-man! Thank you for saving my friend." The little wing-man tries to proves his words, he is trying to open up his wings in the small carriage.
"I'm Waldi, I'm a dwarf, I don't speak too well." his eyes are looking at his own hands, "Thank you!"
"I'm Mogardi... The master of the desert, sand-man race..."
"I... I'm Wensly... How are you." When I turn my head and look at her, she lowers her head right away and her face is blushed.
"You have a handkerchief in your hand..." I rub my forehead with my hand, "Did you wipe the sweats for me while I was having the nightmare in sleep?"
"It's... Me" The little spirit's face turns even redder, "I saw that you're very uncomfortable."
"Thank you!" I speak to the little spirit, "You just don't know, everyday when I wake up, it feels so bad with the sweats all over the head!"
"No... No thanks!" The little spirit raises her head, "You saved Wilsa with your blood, it's me who supposed to say thank you."
"Oh, right! Where's that little sister Wilsa? Is she alright now?"
"I'm here!!" With the sweet voice, the carriage door is opened. My father puts Wilsa who is in his arms into the carriage.
“Kone, this little sister is eager to see you after she just woke up.” Father said with a smile, “So I bring her to here. You can talk to each other!”
“Thank you, papa!”
“Oh, because this event happens so suddenly, we are on the way back to the Dark Moon City. I have already sent some people to notice their families.” Father shuts the door up.
“Big brother, how are you! I’m Wilsa, Wilsa Tang!” It looks like that Wilsa is getting recovery very well, her little face is a little bit blushed.
“How are you, Wilsa. How do you feel right now?” I pat on her head slightly, “Do you still need some more blood?”
“No need to! Wilsa doesn’t need to drink blood if she doesn’t use her magic power.” Wilsa opens her pretty eyes widely, “Big brother’s blood is very stinky!”
“Is… it... really?” I scratch my head a little bit embarrassed.
“Please don’t get mad. Wilsa always talks like this.” Seeing me act like that, Wensly speaks to me.
“Oh, right! How did you guys get caught by those hunters?”
“This…”
“It was like this…”
“We were…”
“All of you shut up!” Wilsa jumps up, “Let Wilsa tell big brother what happened.”
“Alright, then you come to tell about it.” Wensly laughs, “But you need to tell it clearly!”
“Sister Wensly is the best!” Wilsa holds Wensly with her arms and gives her a kiss on the face, then she turns back to me.
“Big brother, it’s like this. We’re all friends, my papa brings Wilsa to here this time every year. He has the meeting with Wensly’s mama, Mogardi’s papa, Waldi’s papa, and Wen’s papa! They just talk business every time they meet together. So, we’ll just play by ourselves. Couple days ago, Wilsa and sister Wensly found a very pretty bird, so everybody helped Wilsa go to catch the bird. And then we got caught by those bad guys…”
“That’s right. Wilsa got sick just because she used the magic power.” Wen says complementarily by the side.
“Papa said that human being can’t be trusted!” Waldi takes a look at me, and then he feels a little bit embarrassed, “But Waldi thinks that you’re a good people.”
“My papa and mama are all good people!” I speak to Waldi, “I still have a lot of friends who are good people!”
“Really?”
“I can bring you all to meet them! We can be friends.”
“Friends? Hmm! You still don’t tell me you name yet.”
“Oh, I’m very sorry. I forgot. I’m Kone, Kone Cada!”
“This’s more like it! But you still have to wrestle with me.”
“Why?”
“This’s the tradition of our dwarf race! We only can be friends after we have a wrestle.”
“Really? Wen, then your wing-man’s tradition is asking me to fly to the sky with you? Otherwise, we can’t be friends?”
“No, not like that! But you have to be fast enough to catch up with me.”
“Well?”
“He is easy to catch up with, big brother, Wilsa can help you?”
……
……
“Bang!” Moah is thrown onto the sand, Waldi then throws himself on forward! “Ah, ah!” Moah is pressed down and can’t move a bit…
By their side, Hairt is pointing out and explaining to Marf, he encourages Marf, “If you do it this way, you definitely can throw him down!”
And at another side, the lovely little sister Wilsa is grabbing Wen’s hand tightly, she makes an evil face out, opens her little mouth, and shows out her two little fangs. Her eyes are moving up and down on Wen’s arms, she says. “Fly, you fly, you can let brother Kone not catch you up once again!”
“Hey, Wilsa! Our wing-men’s blood is cold, you can’t drink.” The poor Wen is so worried, the sweats are all over his head.
“Did I say that I am going to drink? I just want to take a bite lightly!” The little evil keeps grinding her teeth.
I run up to here exhaustedly, grab Wen’s waist belt, “Great, Wen!” I say, “I finally catch you!”
“Yes, yes, yes. Kone. You passed the test.” The poor Wen betrays the wing-man’s tradition for his own safety.
“Great! All passed!” Kelly announce gladly.
“Yeah! Passed!”
“We’re all friends now!” At the back yard of the Viceroy mansion in the Dark Moon City, in the cheering of everyone, we finally finish the “authentication contest of friendship qualification”. Of course, the name is thought of by Kelly again.
But, Kelly and Feline neither wrestle with Waldi, nor run against Wen. When Waldi raises his objection, Kelly curls her lips again, “Girls just make friends with girls. Why do we need to join your boys?”
“That’s right! That’s right! Wilsa likes Kelly and Feline! And sister Wensly as well!” Wilsa also comes to kick up the fuss.
“That’s right. Your boys can play with yourselves. We have our own ideas.” Wensly’s light-footed body floats onto the air, she is fanning her four crystal-clear wings, speaks gently.
…Just like this, we don’t watch the girls' performance. It’s such a regret…
“Where are we supposed to play next?” Wilsa asks.
“What about my grandpa’s orchard? There’re a lot of funs over there.”
“That will be great!”
“Boss, do we need to go there too?” Jack comes up to ask me.
Before I even answer him, Mogardi asks, “Wait a minute, Jack, what did you call Kone?”
“Oh! You still don’t know yet?” Moah rushes to say. “Kone is our leader, so we all call him boss.”
“Oh, really? Then I just call you boss too!” Wen says. “What do you think, Waldi?”
“Me? I still need to think about it…” Obviously, Waldi is still thinking about it.
“Alright, alright! You all just call him that way!” Wilsa pushes on Waldi’s back, “Call him! Call him!”
“Hah haha, Wilsa, what are you doing?” A man’s voice goes up from our backs.
“Papa!” Wilsa turns around, and then jumps into the arms of a man in black dress with a yell.
There are several adults coming to us, my father is also with them together.
“Waldi!” A stong dwarf walks to Waldi’s side, “now you know that you’re still far from as a qualified warrior!”
“Yes, father!” Waldi lowers his head, “I will work hard!”
“Ha ha.” Wen is smiling and grimacing at a wing-man who is looking at him with cool detachment from the sky, “…Daddy…”
“Shut up!” The wing-man speaks to Wen, “Just know smile stupidly! Told you how many times, you need to watch out the dangers around you as a wing-man! But you this stupid head! I am going to punish you.”
“Alright, alright.” A very pretty spirit aunt talks to the wing-man, “Wen is very brave, he didn’t run away by himself. He’s a good boy.”
“Since the Majesty senior spirit pleads the mercy for you, I will let you go this time!”
I look at these people confused, I ask my father. “Papa, who are these people?”
“Kone, they’re the parents of your new friends!” Father looks like he is very happy, “Let’s go! Big and small friends! It’s time for lunch!”


13

“Auntie spirit, why do you only eat the vegetables?” With mouthful of the foods, I ask vaguely.
“Kone, auntie spirit has her name.” Mother looks at me, “And, don’t talk with your mouth full, this is impolite.”
Answering my mother with a “Mmm”, I grab the glass and drink a half glass of water down, swallow the foods in my mouth down, “But I can’t remember all the names! Especially the name of uncle wing-man. I can’t pronounce his name right…”
“That’s no big deal, just call me untie, that will be fine.” Auntie spirit strokes on my head, “It’s a rare dark hair, so pretty.”
“I say majesty spirit senior.” Uncle wing-man says in the same kind of smiling and grimacing as Wen, “It’s not that suitable to call a boy pretty, right?”
“You don’t need to give me a face like that! No wonder Wen has your trademark smile in that young age!” Uncle dwarf is same as Uncle Meza, they both have the loud voice.
“That’s enough. You two don’t need to find troubles in each other.” Wilsa’s father drinks the red wine in the glass slowly, “Kone, uncle’s name is easy to remember, you just need to call me uncle Earl.”
“Earl what! You’re just only a magician!” Uncle wing-man changes his face so fast, “my magic is no worse than yours!”
“That’s right!” uncle dwarf swings his fist, “you still will be dead if you get hit by my ax!”
“Really?” Uncle Earl still speaks slowly, “But the presupposition is that you get to hit me first.”
“In front of the kids.” Uncle sand-man who has been quiet says, “Can’t we stop arguing?”
“Oh, right. Kone, do you really not have any magic powers?” Untie Spirit crosses the subject, “Let auntie check it out for you, alright?”
“That will be great.” Mother speaks to father gladly, “With majesty spirit senior, we definitely can find out the cause.”
“Yes, talk about the magic, majesty spirit senior is the expert.” Father nods his head.
“Thank you, auntie spirit!”
……
“Kone, you just need to relax.” Auntie spirit holds my hands, “Auntie will not hurt you even a little bit.”
A cool feeling trans from the hands of auntie spirit, it’s a kind of very comfortable feeling. Is this the magic?
It runs through my arms slowly, and then runs to my shoulders. It’s getting weaker and weaker, before it gets to my chest, it disappears slowly.
“How does it happen like this?” Auntie spirit wrinkles her brows, she says to me, “Kone, let’s try another place.”
“Sure.” I say, “It’s no problem.”
Auntie spirit points on between my brows with her white and clear finger, this time the magic power is tinsels! I can feel that they are like the small streams running in my head, they are everywhere. But when they run to a place, about as big as my fist, they will take a devious route and then run down to my chest.
“It’s so strange!” Auntie spirit holds back her finger, she speaks to my mother, “Kone’s body doesn’t reject the magic power. I tried to inject several kinds of magic powers into him. They all lose slowly. They can’t be stored together. And there’s one place blocking the magic power to go through.”
“Is this where the problem?” My father asks anxiously, “Where is it?”
“It’s right here.” Auntie spirit points at my forehead with her finger, “A little bit behind there.”
“Then, do you have any ideas?” My mother asks, “Can Kone still learn magic?”
“I’m not sure.” Auntie spirit thinks it over, “But according to the situation Kone has right now, I suggest that we let him to learn some magical knowledge first.”
“Mmm. Since it’s like this.” Uncle blood-sucking Earl says, “We don’t have anything else emergent these several days, we can just stay over here to teach these kids for a couple days.”
“That’s right!” Uncle wing-man says, “I have some special skills to teach them as well!”
“Your those things…”
“What?!”
“Just don’t bring them out to lose your face!”
“How arrogant you are! You want to try my arrow?!”
“Right! My ax is not bad either!”
“I say, in front of the kids…”
……
……
The fire is jumping in auntie spirit’s hand, I stare with astonishment that a tiny fire shrinks and expands repeatedly, it becomes as big as the head and shoots out finally.
“The utility of magic, there’re two respects.” Auntie spirit always wears the smile on her face, “First, it’s the degree of the transcendental meditation, the higher class of the transcendental meditation, the higher class of magic can be used. That’s because the transcendental meditation can determining the strength of someone’s magic power. For example, like the fire class magic, the lowest class lighting graph can be used even after two to three months learning. Of course it will takes somebody longer time to learn about it.
And then it’s the fireball magic, the higher class of the firewall magic, and the highest class the anger of destruction god*1. But why can’t many people reach the boundary of a senior magician in a lifetime?*2 That’s not because they don’t try hard, this is about the second respect, that’s about the understanding of the magic power!”
“Understanding?” I think of something indistinctly.
“Yes.” Auntie spirit looks at me gently, “Understanding. This is very important. For a person, no matter how high his magic power is, the magic that he practices on is for being used. Just like this fireball, the low understanding people will throws it out just after the finish of the chanting. and then chanting again, gets ready for the next magic. What about the high understanding people? He will just waits for a moment, waits the magic power of the fireball in the hand to a suitable strength, and then releases it out. And when the fireball just begins flying, he will control the flying route of it with the still existing vigor connection. If they can do it this way, the fireball will has the better chance to hit the target! Compared with releasing the magic blindly, this way not just saves the magic power, it will virtually increase the power of the fireball. Of course, this way can be used on all different kinds of magic. A good magician must learn how to be calm.”
……
……
“Magic! It’s not perfect!” Uncle wing-man gathers his smile and becomes seriously, “It’s an extreme direction from the physical attack. Somebody can defense magic totally, somebody can defense physical attack totally. What can we do? There’s an idea! As we know, in this world, there’s spears, and there will be shield. So, we need to open our mind! The idea is… combining the magic and the physical attack together! Just like this! Watch the tree over there!” He “Foom” opens his wings and flies into the sky. He grabs the bow and an arrow from his back, he is chirping something in a low voice while he is drawing back the bowstring. A small white flame shows up on the arrow tip slowly. Accompany with the sound “soo”, a big tree on the far side shakes once, and then stops still again.
“Wow, it’s so fierce! You shot it!” I yell out loudly. My mother says that this is the conduct of polite.
“Hmm! Not bad, not bad! You shot it!” Uncle blood-sucking Earl who is standing next to auntie spirit says, “Everybody saw it. Right on the target! It’s right on the target!”
“You!” Uncle wing-man sees even that auntie spirit curls her lips up a bit. He get angry and turns his face into flushed. He doesn’t say anything more, he then “foo” flies down, grabs me up, and flies toward that big tree.
“You need to take a good look at it!” Uncle wing-man puts me down on the ground, “Is it just as simple as right on the target?”
I look at it carefully, even though the tree still stands straight tightly, but the trunk is broken into pieces and sealed by the ice.
Oh my greatness! This is the power of the bow and arrow?
“Are you clear now?” Uncle wing-man speaks to me proudly, “This is the power of combining the magic and the physical attack! The power of arrow destroys the trunk, the magic ice-seals the trunk. Even the other party can defense one kind, but not my second kind of attack!”
“Heh heh… I am clear! I am clear now! Uncle you are really terrific!!” I act like Wen’s smiling and grimacing, “But the tree didn’t fall down, it just shook once! This is not my fault…”
……
……
“Magic…” Uncle blood-sucking Earl still talks to me slowly, “It’s not that bad with the inherent shortage sometimes.”
“Magic is art!” Took a look at uncle wing-man, uncle blood-sucking Earl keeps saying, “That hitting others and not being hit by others is the real key!”
“Thus, we need to observe our opponents slowly, observe very carefully, observe our opponents’ weakness very carefully. We need to appraise the actual strength of our opponents carefully. Then we need to decide what kind of magic we suppose to use. And then, we need to get closer to the opponents by using all the subjects and the environments to hide ourselves. But don’t get too close! Just the distance that you are ready to release the magic is the best.
What are you going to do next? Slowly… lightly… finish all the chanting. Don’t let those fools to discover…” Uncle blood-sucking Earl sways his hand in the air gently, “You need to cover the shine which the magic forms, you need to take care of it carefully just like that you take care of your dear lover gently… And then resolvedly and quickly release it!”
His hand swings once in the air quickly, he keeps talking, “Normally, your opponents can’t escape. But everything has exception, like being discovered by your opponents, like somebody has very strong covers and can’t be beaten down once and all. What shall we do then? We need to run. Hey! Don’t be dejected when I talk about runaway! 
We need to learn how to run for our lives because we’re magician! We are not the warriors, lives to us are very valuable. We need to space out to get the next magic ready. We need to move nimbly, we need to keep making troubles for our opponents, even showing our fangs to scare them! Confusing them with everything! Until we beat them down!”
Uncle blood-sucking Earl takes a look at me and asks, “I spoke so much, do you understand all of them?”
“Only one thing Kone doesn’t understand.” I say.
“Very good. It supposes to ask whatever you don’t understand.” Uncle looks like that he is very happy, “Go ahead to ask, let uncle Earl explain it for you!”
“Kone doesn’t understand.” I ask him, “What lover is!”
“That’s right! I don’t understand what lover is neither!” Uncle wing-man laughs loudly, “Please Mr. Earl explain it!”
“Ah? This… this… I think that we should have a drink first.”
“But Kone still doesn’t understand…”
“Let’s have drink first. Uncle Earl is tired after the long talk… We can talk about this tomorrow…”
“But…”
“Let’s go there to take a look, Kone. It’s uncle dwarf showing his fighting skills!”
“Alright…”

(*1 The anger of destruction god. It’s the top level fire class magic. It’s a powerful mass attack magic.)
(*2 Senior magician. One level of the magician. They are magician student, magician probationer, magician, magician senior, and magician supervisor. Most of the people stop at the level of magician probationer, they can’t reach the level of magician for a life time.)


14

Under the carefully tutored by these several uncles and auntie spirit, everybody’s fighting skills and magic all have great improvements. Of course, besides completely full of the magic knowledge, I still can’t even make a tiny flame out.
Today, it’s the last time that uncle dwarf teaches us.
“Kids, watch carefully!” Uncle dwarf’s beard moves while he is speaking, “This is the two-hand sword that all of you like to use. Its length, width and weight are more than one time that of the normal sword. Its main movements are heavy wedge, horizontal sweep, pull back, forward stab… and so on. At the same time, when you’re using the two-hand sword, you don’t have other way to hold the shield. So, we still can use it to block.” 
“The two-hand sword for the user, the first requirement is physical strength!” The sword is dancing up and down dexterously in uncle dwarf’s hands.    
“Of course, it needs certain agility. Because the two-hand sword is not good for fighting melee, the extra length will even make it powerless. Then, we need to adjust the distance from opponent with the nimble steps. You must remember that all the weapons have their own characteristics. No matter what you are practicing on. there’s only one way, that is spending enough time on that weapon. You need to spend all your energy to be familiar with it. You need to know its merits and demerits. There no one weapon can totally restrain another weapon. It’s we who are using the weapons, instead of being used by the weapons. We need to use our brain no matter what we are doing. Only trying to keep yourself in the right position, you will never be at the disadvantageous position.”
“What kind of weapon does uncle dwarf using?” Sixteen years old Lef stands up and asks.
“Uncle uses the two-hand ax because of height.”
“Then can we have a competition with uncle?” The bellicose light shines in Lef’s eyes.
“Sure, you all can lift the control over!” Uncle dwarf picks up his weapon.
Lef and Sefta pick up their swords. They bow at uncle dwarf first, and then approach him one left and one right.
“Yeah! Yeah!” Everyone is cheering for my two brothers, “Go! Go! Go!”
“Ya!” Sefta roars when he gets close to uncle dwarf, the heavy sword in his hands wedges from up to down. He steps forward quickly when the sword wedges down. When he gets three steps away from uncle dwarf, the heavy sword wedges right beyond uncle dwarf’s head.
“Not enough power!” Uncle dwarf doesn’t move at all, he just simply uses one hand to hold the ax towards the sword.
“Dong!” Uncle dwarf sways Sefta’s heavy sword away, and shocks him tumbling to the ground vacillatingly and staggeringly. He draws his ax half a circle in the air and then wedges it on Lef’s sword.
Lef’s sword swipes traverse with “Foofoo” wind sound at first, but it is wedged to different direction by uncle dwarf’s ax right away. With the sound “Poof”, Lef’s sword tip knocks into the dirt heavily and splashes bunch of dusts…
Watch my two brothers the confounded looks, everyone laughs out loudly, “…Hah haha…” In the laughter, the faces of Lef and Sefta were all blushed…
“No need to take it to heart!” Uncle dwarf speaks to them in an encouraging tone, “You’re still really young right now, it’s very normal that you don’t have enough strength yet. Furthermore, your cooperation is very coordinate. You didn’t talk it over before hand. Lef knows to coordinate with swipe traverse when you see Sefta wedges down heavily, this is very good. What you need to do is more practices. Come her, let’s try a few more times……”
“Kone!” I turn around and take a look, it’s auntie spirit calling me. “you and Wensly come with me.”
“Alright!” I hold Wensly’s hand and run to her, those several uncles and my father are there as well. “What is the matter? Auntie spirit, we’re still watching brothers to compete against uncle dwarf!”
“Huh huh, you’re so impatient!” My father speaks to me, “We do have something to tell you and Wensly!”
“Oh~! What’s the matter then?”
“It’s like this,” Auntie says, “We’ve been staying here for days, it’s time to leave!”
“Oh? This soon? Do Wensly them have to leave too?”
“Huh huh,” My father laughs, “Why Kone you’re so impatient. Your auntie spirit didn’t say that they will bring Wensly them to go with them.”
“That’s right!” Auntie laughs too, “It’s like this, we’re going to a far away place, it’s difficult to bring Wensly them with us. So we decide to leave them to live with you, is it alright?”
“Great!” I jump up happily, “That will be great!”
“Mama.” Wensly asks whisperingly by the side, “Where are you and uncles going? Is it far away?”
“It’s far away to Wensly.” Auntie spirit fondles on Wensly’s hair gently, “But it’s nothing for mama at all.”
“Then, Mama you must come back as early as possible, Wensly will miss mama every day.”
“Mama will come back to see Wensly as soon as we finish the work, is it alright?”
Right at this time, uncle blood-sucking Earl walks to my side.
“Kone,” He brings out a long box from his bosom, “Uncle knows that you hate weapons.”
“That’s right. Uncle Earl knows it too?!”
“Huh huh, yes.” Uncle blood-sucking Earl opens the box, “You saved Wilsa with your own blood, uncle thanks you very much. Even though you hate the weapons, but uncle still hopes that you can accept this dagger.”
“Kone, you should know after this event.” My father says, “Weapon can save people too. Just like what uncle dwarf said, weapon is used by people. You can do the evil deeds with it, but you can even use it to do the good deeds. Father hopes you can accept this gift too.”
“That’s right, Kone. Do you know?” Even not-that-talkative uncle sandman says, “good or evil deeds, all controlled by your own heart!”
“It’s like this. Auntie hopes that you can protect your friends with your own power one day.”
…I take over the box silently, A dagger mounted with gems with sheath lies in the pleuche cloth on the bottom of the box. I pick it up, I hold the handle of dagger slightly and draw it out of the shell slowly.
“…Zing…” With a metal sound, a dagger floating with frosty splendor like the moonlight shows in front of me.
“Wow…” I can’t help shouting, “It looks like very sharp!”
“Hah hah, it’s not just sharp! This is a very good treasure!” Uncle blood-sucking Earl laughs, “When you can use the magic, you will know how fierce it is! And… Now you know how good uncle treats you. Heh heh!”
“Mmm! Thank you, uncle! Kone sure will learn how to use magic!”
“That’s great! This is what a real boy supposed to be!”
The adults all look at me smiling… Why are their eyes a little bit different? It’s so strange!
“Alright! Alright!” Finally, still auntie spirit says, “Let’s go there to take a look at those kids!”
……
……
on the following day, the adults are ready to leave, and my father needs to go to the Saint Capital too, they are leaving together.
“Papa, please come back as soon as possible! This time I still want books!” I am saying goodbye…
“Goodbye, Mama…” Wensly is reluctant to part from her mother.
“Papa! What are you going to bring Wilsa back this time?”
Sister Wilsa acts in a pettishly charming manner…
“Father! You just rest your heart, Waldi will surely have the good practices!” Waldi ensures very manly.
“…Heh heh… Papa…” Wen is smiling and grimacing…
“……” Mogardi stares at each other with his father silently…
… In Saint Calendar July 2227, the once running rampant in “Death Sea” for a while the bandits “Black Storm” is totally wiped out. What one heard is that they are besieged united by the spirit, the sandman, the dwarf, the wingman and the vampire five races. If it happens like this, obviously, these five races must get helps from other races… Regardless of what happens, the wipeout of the “Black Storm” is a good news for the residents living around and the businessmen…
---<<The Record of Continental - chapter 18>>


15

In the blowing of the early summer cold wind, all the tree leaves in the back yard of the Viceroy’s mansion shine in a charming golden color. On the grass yard under the trees, the little grass which just break out of the dirt are trying hard to grow. The green which stands for life vigor covers the world everywhere, it reflects the blue sky, the white clouds, and time to time the sounds of the cicadas.
“Last year’s birthday, Auntie Kathleen gave me ten silver coins, uncle Vassel gave me ten silver coins, brother Lef and Sefta…” Jack lies on the grass with a purse in his hand, he is mumbling some words, “This year Auntie Kathleen gave me ten silver coins… Altogether is one hundred seventy five silver coins. I loan Hairt twenty silver coins, Marf borrow five silver coins from me… If they pay me back on the harvest day, then I will have two hundred forty five silver coins…” He is really a moneygrubber.
“Hairt, I think that your strength is the most powerful in all of us, Moah is not even up to you. What do you think?” Marf sits on a trunk of a big tree. “So I and Jack want to take you as the practice object…” No wonder he deserves to be called the recidivist, he is really cunning.
“I say Waldi! Do you see that my archery skill has great improvement?” Wen moves his both wings, “I can attach the ice magic on the arrow now, even though it’s just the first level, but it’s also a great start!” Brag, brag, just brag his words.
… I lie down on the grass, put my right arm under my head, listen to my friends’ chats, and read the book on the left hand absent-minded…
“Brother Kone!” Kelly’s voice sounds by my ear, “Uncle Vassel is looking for you!”
“Me?” I pack up the book in the hand, “What’s he looking me for?”
“I don’t know! Hurry up! He’s waiting for you at the hall.”
“Oh! Alright. I’m going!”
“Boss, you need to come back as soon as possible! We said that we are going to swim…” Moah speaks loudly.
……
“Papa, you’re looking for me?” I walk into the hall. What will it be? Father seldom talks to me in the hall!
“Oh, it’s like this.” Father looks at me, “You’re fourteen this year. Two more years later, you will be granted a surname by our majesty emperor Krimer just same as your two brothers did.”*1 Then you will be ranked as an adult. I talk it over with your mother, we decide to send you to the Saint Capital tomorrow. Of course, with your friends together.”
“I do really want to go to the Saint Capital! But why do I go to the Saint Capital now?”
“Of course to study in the Royal Institute!” My mother says, “Papa and Mana all graduated from there.”
“Really? Then what do I suppose to learn?” I spread my both hands out, “I’m not good at both the fighting skill and the magic!”
“Hah hah! You just rest your heart.” Father laughs it out loud, “You can major the science. You still can graduate the same.”
“If it’s like this, then it should be alright.” I say, “But Hairt and Wensly them are going there with me too?”
“No, they don’t have the right to go into there to study.” Father answers. “But they can go to uncle Turnasi and auntie Belltina there to study, it’s the same. And they are not far away from you, you guys still can see each other everyday.”
“Then alright.”
“My dear,” mother looks at father, “Should we tell Kone that thing by the way?”
“That’s right! Let Kone knows about it and has a mind ready for it.”
“Mmm? Anything else? What will it be? Papa, Mama, can you hurry up to tell me? I still need to go to swim!”
“It’s like this. It’s not a really big deal.” Mother speaks to me, “You have a fiancée in the Saint Capital.”
What? Fi… an… cee???
“Huh huh, look at you!” Father laughs, “It’s been a long time that I haven’t seen your expression of this kind of surprise!”
“Wait a minute!” I look at my father and try to calm myself down, “Papa, Mama, don’t you remember it wrong? I’m still this young. Should it suppose to be either brother Lef’s or brother Sefta’s fiancée?”
“Kone Cada!” It looks like that mother is trying hard to hold her laugh back, “It’s yours, Kone Cada’s fiancée!”
“I don’t…Can I not have it?”
“Hah haha! It’s hard to say.” Father says, “She’s the youngest daughter of the prime minister. She’s very pretty! As a matter of fact, you should blame it on yourself, who makes you this famous this young. Black hair, black eyes the third childe of the Dark Moon City. Hah hah!”
“But! What’s happening indeed?” I am very anxious.
“It’s like this,” Mother explains to me, “Our majesty emperor Krimer knows about you when you’re still very little. He heard that you have black hair and black eyes, so he sent the senior priest of the Deity Temple to check you out. When the senior priest went back to report, the prime minister’s wife gave born to a little girl at that time as well. As a result of majesty Krimer’s happiness, he engaged you two as an order.”
The order of the emperor!...I am as a piece of wood…
“It’s told that she’s a pretty girl.” Father tries to persuade me, “You just try to learn how to accept her.”
“That’s right. You guys need to pack it up in a hurry. You’re leaving tomorrow.”
… It’s bitter in my mouth…
……
“Heh heh, brother Kone’s fiancée. Brother Kone’s fiancée!” Wilsa rids on a small red horse and circles around me, “What does she look like? Heh heh…”
“Hmm! What else good can she be?” Kelly replies with her, “She must has mess hair, bulges eyes, buck teeth, flat nose…”
“Hey… I say Kelly,” Hairt is already a young man with the strong body, “the fiancée of our boss, no matter what, is noble! How can she be the look as what you said, have you seen her before?”
“I have never seen her before. So what? I knew it! I just knew it!”
“Sister, please stop saying it like that.” Feline wears the long white gown, she persuades Kelly in a low voice.
“Yes! Kelly.” Wensly says too, “You don’t seen Kone’s face. He’s so dispirited.”
“Yeah! Brother Kone is dispirited? Let Wilsa sing for you!”
“No need, Wilsa.”
“What ? Wilsa sings not that good?”
“It’s not like that, it’s just that brother doesn’t have the good mood to listen right now.”
Ah! These funny fellows divide into three groups to make all those noises on the road… None of them can show the sympathy for me. I am just only fourteen years old, I don’t want any fiancée! What if she looks exactly as what Kelly said, what should I do?
It is getting closer and closer to the Saint Capital. It is here where we met Wensly them last time. It will be great to see those hunters again, in that way, we will head back to the Dark Moon City, and we don’t need to go to the Saint Capital… well, why it happens like this…
“Hey, Marf, why does boss look like that way? What’s on his mind?”
“I think… Whether boss wants to run away on the half way… Jack, Wen, we need to watch him carefully!”
“I just don’t understand what’s wrong with that boss has a fiancée? To our dwarfs, getting married means that you’re becoming an adult!”
“What else boss supposed to think! If it happens to me, pretty I will marry, not pretty I will run away! Anyway, with my Wen’s help, boss can run away absolutely.”
“To our sandman, marriage… should be treated seriously!”
……
It is so fast for sixteen days! In my anxiety, from far away, we can see the high and noble city wall of the Saint Capital already. On the city wall, the wearing shining armors and holding long spears in hand guards, and the high flying flags can be seen clearly. Here is the center of the Empire Spia, the capital of whole empire, our majesty emperor Krimer’s city, the Saint Capital!

(*1 When the nobles’ children are sixteen years old, every emperor will grant them a surname, confer a territory. Normally, the first confer will be Baron, then Viscount, Earl, Marquis and Duke. Every rank of nobility has three classes. For example, Kone Cada’s father, Vassel Cada, is a first class Marquis.)


16

The Saint Capital, the capital of the Empire Spia, is located on the middle of Pes Land to the east, long from north to south. Three hundreds miles to the east is the second biggest port of the Pes Land, the Spielburg, on the west is the hundreds miles of the Antis mountains. It has mild weathers and rich produces. It is a country believing in the deities. Because of the special location, it is the commerce trade center with the countries believing in Demons*1. So its economic prosperity is extremely flourishing, it is called the pearl of the Pes Land. Now it is under Krimer Harmer’s ruling, the country is stable, the emperor authority is consolidated.
Since we get into the Saint Capital, we don’t even want to have a blink on the road. The Saint Capital opens her arms for us, her dignify and grace keep us giving our praises from heart. The tidy buildings, the flourishing economies, the wearing all kinds of long gowns magicians, the all body shining metal color knights…
“Boss,” Hairt licks his lips. “Here’s so prosperous…”
“Mmm…” I am absent-minded, my eyes keep glancing on the stores by the street.
“Jack,” Moah discusses with his brother in a low voice, “Can you loan me some money?”
“No! You haven't paid me back the money that you borrowed from me last time yet.”
“It’s not that much! Ten, just ten silver coins will be good!”
“That’s right! You just lend some money to him! He’s your brother.” Marf speaks to Jack, “loan ten silver coins to me by the way…”
“If pay me the interest…”
“Hah hah, kids.” Father turns his head back to us. “I need to go to the Palace, you guys follow uncle Meza to the courier station.”
“Alright...”
Under uncle Meza’s lead, we settle down at the courier station. Everybody stays in my room to talk about what we just saw on the street excitedly.
At the noon, father finishes his business and comes back. 
“Kids!” Father announces at the diner table loudly, “I will let uncle Meza bring you out to play this afternoon, alright?”
“Great! Papa.”
“Thank you! Uncle Vassel!”
“But Kone can’t go with you guys.” Father looks at me. “I’ll bring you to the Royal Institute to register this afternoon.”
“Can we go there tomorrow, papa?”
“I want you to have a good time with them too, but papa will be very busy these days.” Father looks like that he has no choice. “I just have a little time this afternoon. We can go there to register first. You still have couple more days before the school starts. You still can go out to play with them.”
“Then alright!”
……
“This is the Royal Institute?” I stand under the high and noble stone-carved entrance gate, I touch the fine jade relievo and can’t help my shock, “it’s ten times as big as our Viceroy mansion!”
“Silly boy!” Father standing behind pushed me slightly, “What stupefied! Now you know that the viceroy mansion is not the biggest place on the world? Let’s go! Huh huh!”
“Welcome.” Two middle-aged persons looking like the teachers walk to us. “Marquis Vassel Cada. I’m Selman. This is Kolman. We are here representing our chancellor to welcome you and your son.”
When my father talks to them, I observe these two teachers carefully. The teacher on the left has short body, wears the magician long gown, has healthy skin, and has smart reaction to my father’s words. The teacher on the right, from his shining armor and the long sword hanged on the waist, must be a knight. He doesn’t speak too much, besides expressing the modest greeting to my father, he just stands over there quietly, just lets his accompanied magician show his great eloquence…
“Then, Marquis Vassel Cada.” The magician speaks modestly, “Please you and your son come with us, our chancellor is waiting for you at his office.”
Through the broad grass in the campus, we walk to a three level building which is surrounded by lines of tall and big trees.
On the way, I have to stand the strange eyes from the students in crowds. On contrast, my black hair and my black eyes attract more attentions than my normal face and the still strong body. If just looking at me, I don’t really care. But the phrases coming with the wind make me very unhappy.
“You look, you look, his hair is black… It’s so strange…”
“His eyes are black too! Do you see that…”
“It’s so weird…He must be a weird guy… You think whether he dyed his hair…”
“It doesn’t seem like that… I faintly heard that there’s someone like this somewhere…”
“I just can’t image… He even dresses like a noble…”
“Maybe he’s some upstart’s son…”
“What? You say what? Really… a noble…”
“And even the fiancé of the prime minister’s second daughter…”
“Oh Lord… Huh huh… This will be a great drama…”
Finally, after we walk into the chancellor’s office, I just can raise my can’t-be-lower head lightly.
“Ho ho, welcome.” A tall and lean old man stand up behind the chair, “Marquis Vassel Cada, and the future noble, Mr. Kone Cada.”
“How are you, Mr. chancellor.” Father is very modest and gentle, “I’m very sorry to bother you, I know you’re very busy.”
“You’re welcome, no need to say sorry.” The old man waves his hand, “Which faculty does your son want to go into study?”
“There’re some problems about this.” Father says, “I hope to talk about it with you thoroughly.”
The chancellor winks at the two teachers, the two teachers bow at the chancellor and walk back out.
“Kone, papa needs to talk something with the chancellor. Can you please go out and wait me for a moment?”
“Alright.” I bow to the chancellor and walk out of the door too.
……
The door is closed, nobody can hear anything from outside. I sit on the bench by the door for a very long time. Many people come and go at the passageway, no exception, everyone puts the eyes on my hair and eyes. I shrink myself at the end of the bench, and try to put myself into the darker corner of the wall, I hold my hands together and rub the fingers anxiously…
“Kone, Kone.” The nervous I don’t hear my father right away, “Can you please come in for a moment?”
When I walk into the chancellor’s office again, father tells me very happily, “The chancellor has already allowed you to go into the school, your major is the science. But you can also have the magic and the fighting skill as the minors!”
“Yes, Kone, you must try your best!” The chancellor speaks to me, “From now on, you’re the student of our Royal Institute. As a member of here, you must strictly require yourself all the time.”
“Require? Require what?” I don’t really understand, “Chancellor grandpa?”
“Require yourself as the status of a nobleman!” The chancellor looks at little bit different from earlier, “All the time, you must have the nobleman’s graceful manner and the knight’s conscientious courage!”
“Oh, I understand now.” I nod my head, “I will pay attention.”
Maybe noticing that I am not in a good mood, father brings me to leave the institute after we finish all the procedures.
“Kone, what’s the matter?” Father holds my hand, “You don’t like your new school?”
Looking at my father’s face, the words “I don’t like it! I want to go home!” almost rush out of my mouth. But, looking at his worried eyes, I suddenly remember that father changed teachers for me non-stopped when I was little, he finally had to squeeze time from his busy official business to teach me by himself. These simple words no more can be spoken out of my mouth…
“No, nothing, father.” I say, “This institute sounds not that bad.”
“Really?” It looks like that father is very happy, “I’m glad that you like it.”
“Oh, papa. What supposed shall we do tomorrow? I still have two more days vacation!”
“I receive the invitation of the prime minister.” Father looks at me with ambiguous eyesight, “I will bring you to visit your fiancée…”
“No!” I jump up high, “I’m not going!!!”
“Heh heh!” Father grabs me tightly, “This time is not up to you.”
“Papa, please.” I beg very hard, “Can we go there couple days later?”
“Couple days later? Huh huh, couple days later I am already at home.”
“……”
“No need to make a tearful scene out… You still need to meet her anyway!”
“……”
“I consider that you agree if you don’t say anything!”
“I don’t agree!”
“No different opinion from my decision from now on!”
“You are deliberately dishonest!”
“So what? Your mom is not here anyway…”
……
……

(*1 Demon belonging countries are those countries believing in Demons. On the contrary, the countries believing in Deities are Deity belonging countries.)


17

I begin to put on the dress especially made for the nobles with Feline and Kelly’s helps. The close-fitting under-wear, the lace shirt, the golden thread sewed coat, and the laughable close-fitting long pants…
Feline’s face looks a little bit cold, she combs my black hair well slowly, tights my hair carefully behind my head with a silver-white hair ribbon-knot, then checks on me from head to toe and then pad on my shoulder, “It’s all set now!”
I look at myself in the mirror, I can’t help wanting to laugh. Since a kid till now, it is the first time I dress like this. Although I saw my father and brothers dressed like this often before, but I still feel that it is very weird when I put on this kind of dress.
“What’s the prowess to show for? Is it just only a dress?” When Kelly sees that I keep checking in the mirror, she is not very happy, and her tone is very harsh.
“What? I don’t offend you, why do you talk about me like that?” That is for sure, who wants to be talked like that early in the morning?
“Going to see your fiancée! Very excited?”
“No, I am not!” Being laughed at for that long, I almost have the immune for this kind of topic already.
“Still say no! Look at your face, it’s getting blushed!”
“Where? Nothing!” It is just almost immune. It’s talking about the fiancée, talking about it makes me feel like that my heartbeat is getting faster!
“Don’t you guys have to quarrel with each other endlessly.” Feline still says coolly, “Kone is ready. Leaving early and come back early.”
“Oh right, do you guys have any arrangement for today?” I ask, “Are you guys going out to play today?”
“Of course we’ll go out to play!” It’s Kelly speaking again, “It’s not your business! Go to meet your fiancée!”
I almost leave the room in running. These two guys, no one knows what’s wrong with them.
……
I sit by my father, my body sways lightly along with the carriage.
“Kone,” Father says, “Papa knows that you’re not ready on your mind. But this is the decision made by our majesty Krimer. We can’t change it.”
“It’s nothing, Papa.” I reply in low voice, “I understand.”
“Actually Papa doesn’t like the prime minister neither, because Papa has different views on a lot of things from him.” Papa continues, “Because of that, the relationship between me and him is not that great. Maybe our majesty Krimer doesn’t wish to see that we are riddled with discrepancies, so he arranges the marriage between you and her.”
“What’s the matter? Papa?”
“You just don’t need to know all about this, you just need to understand one point, she will be your wife in the not long future. No matter how the relationship of the fathers is, you need to treat her well.”
“Alright.” Wife… Even just think about it, it is still a thing happens from far away, but it just suddenly shows in front of your face. Alright, no matter what, let us just make friends first.
……
……
“Hah haha! Marquis Vassel Cada!” A guy with a little belly walks out in quick steps, he holds my father’s hands tightly, “The best viceroy in the Empire Spia, my friend! Welcome you!”
“Thanks for your praise.” My father smiles, “Mr. Prime Minister. How are you.”
“No need to address me like this! Vassel, please allow me to call you like this. We’re almost a family, you just need to call me Rullman.” The Prime Minister says, “Is this your son, Kone Cada?”
“Yes. This is Kone. It’s the first time for him to come to the Saint Capital.”
I walk a step forward and make a salute with the junior courtesy.
“Bless you, my child.” Rullman puts his right on my forehead, then he turns his head and instructs, “Go hurry to tell the second Miss to come here.”
“Yes, Lord.” A steward like guy walks to the back.
“Come here, please sit down.” Rullman says enthusiastically, “This is the red wine from Cartti. Come to taste it.”
“Thank you.” My father nods his head at me and hints that I can sit down, “Cartti red wine, it’s very rare.”
I hold the wine glass with my both hands, the right hand thumb circles on the glass rim unconsciously, I see through the rose-red wine to glare straight at the parlor door close to inside. Not long later, the gently and soft step sounds come from inside of the door, it gets closer and closer. I know that my fiancée is walking to the parlour. At this moment, my heart beats faster and faster, it seems like that my heart is going to jump out of my chest, the nervous feeling can’t be described in words.
“Father,” The voice is so soft, “Are you looking for me?”
I can’t control myself, I drop my head down like a thief.
“Yes, my lovely daughter. Come meet Marquis Vassel Cada.”
“Uncle Vassel Cada, how are you? I’m Lisa.”
“Bless you, my child.” It’s my father’s voice, “How pretty you are.”
“Thank you, Uncle Vassel Cada.”
“Huh huh, my girl. This is Kone Cada, you know, he is your fiancé. Now he is same as you, he is studying in the Royal Institute.”
“Kone,” Father reminds me in a low voice, “Please extend your greeting to Miss Lisa.”
I put on the greatest courage since I was born, I raise my head slowly. I first see the silver-white knight shoes, then the casual silver-white knight suit with the dark-blue belt on the waist. The high-stand collar sewed with blue decorative pattern shows her slender long neck, a clean-white oval face has slight smile on, the big and bright eyes look at me dedicatedly…
“Miss… Lisa, how are you. I… I’m Kone Cada!” Before I can finish this sentence, my face gets all blushed, I drop my head again.
“Hah hah hah…” Uncle Rullman and my father laugh it out loud, I even can’t raise my head up.
“Lisa, it’s the first time that Kone comes to the Saint Capital. What about this, you bring him out to show him around. Let me talk with uncle Vassel.”
“Yes, father.” The gentle and soft footsteps sound again by my ears, it stops at the parlor door… What’s happening??
I am still thinking why she stops… My father “Pa” pats on my shoulder, “Why are you blankly! Miss Lisa is waiting for you.”
In the laughter, I stand up and walk to the parlor door in a flurry… I break the wine glass when I stand up… I trip on the door step and “Pa” fall on the ground…
Lisa walks slowly in the front, I follow her speechless, behind me are several maids of the Prime Minister.
Just like this, we walk silently to a street corner.
Lisa stops, turns around, and waves at me.
I walk to her, I try to make my voice sounds calm, “Miss Lisa… Where are we going to?”
Lisa still has the slight smile on her face, “Let’s go to the Sacrificial Altar. It’s very high over there, we can see the very good scenes over there. And only the nobles can go up to there, thus, these bothersome buys can no longer follow behind us.”
“That’s alright.” I reply without any hesitation, maybe because she is my fiancée, maybe because she said “us”, or maybe because of her pretty face, big eyes, gentle attitude… My voice is a little bit out of key…
……
……
“How’s here? Is it great to view the scenes from here?” After we cast off the maids, Lisa looks much happier.
“It’s great, what’s the function of this altar used for? It’s so big. And it’s divided into three parts.”
“It’s for our majesty emperor’s worship, of course it’s big!” Lisa walks to the stairs aside and sits down, “You can come and sit with me.”
My heart beats crazily, I walk slowly and sit next to her. I turn my head and look at her, all my eyesight stops on her. Because I find out, she, is really pretty... A simple word, a small expression, all attracts me deeply, I totally indulge in her.
“Kone,” She speaks.
“Oh? What?” I am frightened a bit, she is not happy that I look at her this way?
“Tell me about yourself, I don’t know what kind of person you are at all.”
“Sure, Miss Lisa. What do you want to know about me?”
“Everything. I want to know everything about you, you can tell me one by one.”
“Then let me start from being as a little kid.”
“Alright.”
“I have black hair and black eyes since I was little…” I try hard to recall my memory.
“What else?”
“What else… I don’t have any magic power…”
“I heard that you can’t learn any fighting skills too?”
“You know it too?”
“Mmm, I heard people talk about it at the school.”
“Do you mind? I really don’t have any way to learn these.”
“Not at all, what else?”
“Yes! I have a lot of friends! Let me tall you, I’m their boss…”
“Heh heh, it sounds very interesting.” This is the first time she laughs when she is with me together it is like a flower blossoming.
“Really? They’re in the Saint Capital too! I can introduce them to you one day!”
“No need, your those low status friends.” A man’s voice sounds at my back. “How can be introduced to our noble and chaste Miss Lisa?”
“Who are you?” I turn my head and take a look, three young mans come to behind us unknowingly, “Listening others talking unwanted and interrupting others speaking are impolite!”
“Hah haha!” The shorter youngster on the left breaks out some laughter, it makes him such a disgusting appearance, “You still know polite? Don’t make me laugh, you black hair fool.”
“Please go away.” I try to follow what the chancellor tells me, “Furthermore, I’m not a fool!”
“You know to say please?” The youngster on the right is very tall and big, “Black hair, black eyes fool!”
“Let me say it one more time!” I put one step forward, “I am not a fool!”
“What are you agitating for?” The youngster in the middle speaks, the eyes on his fair-skinned face shine the unusual glance that I never see before, “are you counted as a noble as well? Am I right? My dearly cousin?”
“Cousin?” I am astonished, I turn my head and look at Lisa.
“You come to here late.” Lisa’s eyes are full of smiles, just like what she did to me earlier, “Don’t call me like that in front of a stranger, it’s so disagreeable!”
Looking at the expression on Lisa’s face, I feel the tingle on my scalp, a cool stream runs down from my head to toes, a chill come creeping all over me…


18

“Stranger?” I murmur, “Who… is?”
“Of course it’s you, heh heh.” The youngster in the middle says. “Let me introduce myself, I’m Ricard.”
“Stranger?” Lisa describes her fiancé like this when she introduce me to somebody I don’t know? Looking at Lisa’s face that unchanged smile, my heart shrinks rapidly.
Ricard walks forward and speaks to Lisa, “We’re here and listen for a while, your this stupid fiancé is very interesting. Did you let him touch you?”
“You’re disgusting! Because my father watches me too closely.” Lisa answers like a lover to my surprise, “So I promise him to bring this trash out to play. Otherwise, how do I come out to meet you? I don’t even let him touch my hand!”
“Did you hear that?” Ricard speaks to me, “Trash, get out of here!”
I look at Ricard standing in front of me, and then turn my head to look at Lisa. I have the incomparable anger on my heart, my eyes almost can shoot out fires, “Why? Why do you? Why do you treat me like this?!”
Lisa steps back timidly in my stare, she speaks to Ricard, “It’s so disagreeable! He looks at me like that!”
“Another trash gets lost in your charm.” Ricard speaks disdainfully, “No need to pay attention to it, what else a fool like him can do?”
“If you want to go out, if you want to meet somebody,” I speak to Lisa slowly, “You can tell me clearly. Why do you lie to me? And even call me trash?”
“You’re one indeed!” Lisa shouts at me, “You don’t know anything at all, you and your father are the same trash!”
Right at that moment, the fire is burning on my chest. From little till now, no matter anywhere, no matter anybody, what I heard just the praises for my father. When people insults me, I just have some hard feelings. I am really useless after all. 
But they can not insult my family! And my father is a very great viceroy! To a noble, the family honor is the most deserved guardable thing.
In a furry, I grab Lisa’s arm, “No! It’s not like this! My father is the best viceroy in the whole empire!!”
“Let me go! Let go my hand! Dear cousin~~” Lisa’s eyes are full of disdain. it is just like that I am a disgusting reptile.
“You trash! How dare you touch my woman!” Ricard shouts curses and kicks on me heavily…

“Vassel,” In the Prime Minister’s parlor, Rullman holds the glass and walks close to Vassel Cada, “We’ll be a family pretty soon. I have something need to talk to you clearly.”
“Mr. Prime Minister,” Vassel Cada holds up the wine glass from the table, “Please go ahead.”
“You know, those several strange races in your territory are developing very fast for the past several years.” Rullman’s eyes becomes very sharp, “This is not a good thing to us. Besides, we have the news that the Dark Forest has rare metals. I talked with several generals, we are ready to send out troops to seize there. Because it’s in your territory, I hope that you can support me in front of your majesty Krimer. After it’s done, the profit of the rare metals will have your share.”
“Sir, I’m here thank you for your kindness.” Vassel Cada says, “But I do hope that you can reconsider this thing carefully.”
“Oh? What else I have not considered yet?”
“First,” Vassel Cada shakes the glass slightly and watches the red liquid to sway left and right, “ Your Majesty Krimer will not agree. Your Majesty Krimer never initiates a war since he ascended the throne. In these turbulent days, it’s a great fortune for us to have an emperor like our majesty, I don’t have any plan to talk to our majesty about this. Besides, the price to send troops to the Dark Forest is too huge, those races over there are very strong and concerted. Do you still remember the wiped out “Black Storm” two years ago? For my stand, I prefer to have a good relationship with them.”
“As what you said, you don’t want to support me? At the moment we’re going to become a family soon?”
“Mr. Prime Minister!” Vassel Cada stands up, “I’m really thankful that Majesty Krimer grants this marriage, I’m very glad that you and your daughter don’t look down on my child. But, all of these can not be the reason to initiate a war! Even you’re the Prime Minister, but I’m not your subordinate. *1 In the whole empire, I am just only loyal to your Majesty Krimer!”
“Your Majesty Krimer will be very glad to hear what you just said.” It doesn’t show any change on Rullman’s face, “But what I said is just what your Majesty Krimer worries about.”
“How come?”
“Do you know?” Rullman sips the red wine, “The Deity Temple has the decree, it will be three time to consecrate this year!”
“I don’t know what the Deity Temple thinks. But even like this, it’s no problem for us according to the tax income of this year.”
“Don’t you understand yet? Vassel, my friend.” Maybe because of the wine, Rullman’s face has a little bit flushed, “The Deity Temple is preparing for a war!”
“The Deity and the Demon… There’s a war pretty soon?”
“Yes. Hah hah, my friend. Once the war starts, there will be somebody to take over the Dark Forest. Rather to let others to take the advantage, why don’t we forestall it. You know, that’s a very great fortunes…”
“No matter what,” Vassel Cada’s attitude is very firm, “I will not initiate a war with the Dark Forest!”
“You!” Rullman stands up suddenly, flushes up to his ears, the glass in his hand is kneaded totally out of shape…
Just right at this moment, a maid runs into the parlor stumbling along, “Lord… it’s… not… good!”
“You fool! Say it clearly!” Rullman throw the glass in his hand at the maid.
“Ahh!” The maid covers the throw-broken forehead with his hand, “Miss… Miss and Mr. Kone… There’s something happening to them!”
“What!” Vassel Cada who is watching Rullman’s clumsy acting in cool detachment jumps up, “Where?!”
“On… the Altar!”
“What trance you?! Hurry to bring us to there!” Vassel and Rullman have already stopped the quarrel, they rush out of the Prime Minister mansion in the lead of the maid…

I feel the huge pain coming from my kicked abdomen, not even I can digest it yet, somebody slap on my face again. After a short term paralysis, then the burning feeling, and my left face begins to swell up… I roar and want to fight back, but my power is too little, it’s not worth mentioned in front of these three guys.
“Ruffians!”
“Trash! Dare to fight back.”
“Bastards!”
“Kill him!” Somebody yell it out loud.
Countless fists drop on my head, my chest… I am just like a sand bag for people’s practice. I sway left and right in the fists and feet, the swelling face squeezes my left eye shut. The blood from the right side of the head immerses my eyebrow, runs down to my chin. Through the blood in my right eye, everything all I see is in a kind of strange red, all my body is filled with all kinds of unbearable pains, all my body is going to break up, the footmarks and dust are all over my clothes.
But, compared with the insult and anger in my heart, these are nothing at all! For a child who grows up in warmth and concerns, it feels even worst than being killed…
“Poo”, the powerless feet can’t no longer support my body’s weight, shake several times and curl feebly, I fall by the fence of the Altar. I am utterly worn out. I even can’t raise my hand to wipe the blood coming out of my mouth…
In the eyeful redness, a foot steps on my chest. I turn my eyeball strenuously to look at, that is Ricard.
“Fight against me for a woman. Pah!” My ears are full of humming cries.,“Who the hell you think you are?”
My chest is blocked up severely, my throat hoarse, and I try hard not to let the tears run down humiliatingly. I look at him with the stupefied eyes.
“My father is a great general. I will ask him to request the Majesty to disaffirm your engagement.”
“Cough… cough.” The coughs affect the wounds, I suffer the pains very bad…
“Thus…” The bastard still keeps talking, “For my happiness, I have to ask my dearly cousin to give you up…”
“For the sake of myself… give you up…”
Give you up…
Give you up…
“For the sake of myself…give you up…” On my mind, this sentence keeps repeating so many times, it makes me can’t hear any other voices. On my brain, there seems a place expanding rapidly, and contracting repeatedly… This is not a good sign! I try hard to calm myself, but with the foot on my chest keeps stepping harder, it is harder and harder for me to control myself. That the feeling comes from my brain is like something trying to break through the soil, my hands and feet are twitching up also…
Finally… That place on my brain cracks…
It just like a violent explosion, a kind of energy fills all of my body in a wink, my body twitches more severely, my body curls like a shrimp, my skin begins to ooze out traces of blood and then my body gives out a shock… A cry out in astonished, the foot stepping on my chest flies out with its master. Ricard falls on the ground… The dust around me is swept up, it expands around in a circle…
There are countless scenes flashing on my mind, they are same as what I dream of every day for the past fourteen years. In the chaos, another thought comes right at me, the strong energy presses us together tightly.

(*1 In Empire Spia, every viceroy just needs to response to the emperor directly. They are not under any other official’s control.)


19

I wake up, the real me wakes up.
I can’t even have time to feel the sunshine’s gentleness and the air’s freshness. Another me pours out the experience for the last fourteen years and the present encounter to me… His happiness, his sadness, his pride, and his humiliation. Nothing is left out…
In my brain, two souls are interchanging rapidly. My body’s every bone and every muscle is expanding too, my skin is filled to the point of bursting white, the tiny blood vessels keep bursting, my blood is spraying around in fogs.
Under the impact of the powerful energy, my arms and feet keep changing the positions, my eyes keep showing the whites, and my body keeps puffing up… This is not a good sign. I faintly remember that “Cotton Candy” said that my original power is too strong, I don’t know whether this new body can holds it all. I have to pick up the speed to merge with my another thought, in order to have more time to control by body…
My chest is stuffy, my stomach is contracted, my both hands grab and break the stone-made fence, a mouthful of blood is gushed out of my mouth…
“Fuck you…” I curse. I finally finish the merge of the souls… Two of me are combined into one, there is no more one another.
“Shit!” No even wait until I can be glad to celebrate my reborn, I find out that the disorder streams run through all over my body, I don’t know what those are. Some are like the inner force of kungfu, some are like magic, and some assorted things… All for all, it’s not very good for the situation I am in right now…
“My foot… oh… my foot!” A scream comes from not-so-faraway ground, “My foot is broken!!”
I look over at there, a youngster in “luxurious clothes” cries on the ground holding his foot, it’s Ricard. He doesn’t have any elegant “noble” quality now, the tears and dust are all over his face, and his crying mouth opens even bigger than the hippo’s…
“Trash!” Lisa runs over to there and hold him into her arms, she shouts loudly at me, “What did you do to my dearly cousin?”
Mmm? This woman shouts abuse at me? After the chaos, my brain just calms down a little bit and not reacts the right way… This is awful! I need to control all the disorder streams in my body first…These cheap bastards, I will take care of them later…
I take a look at her coldly, bear the extreme pains, I hold on the stone fence to support myself, and sit down with the legs crossed.
It seems like that my new body doesn’t waste any time in the last fourteen years, the inner force has certain level of foundation, the knowledge of magic is very abundant too. I can guide the inner force first, and then release the magic out slowly… That’s right!
I take a deep breath and hold down the tearing feeling on the lungs, close my eyes and slightly lower my head. I begin to guide the inner force stream in my body…
“What’re you doing?” Lisa screams hysterically, “Why don’t you two go to beat him up?”
I almost want to jump right up to kill this bitch! But I can’t, because it is the key moment for me. A tiny bit problem could possibly make me die again. I just wake up… I wait for fourteen years… I am unwillingly!!! I have to force myself to calm down once again.
The sound of footsteps comes to my ears. I can feel the bitter in my heart. It is almost successful… Guys, can we change it to another time? Change it to another time, I will be up to whatever you want. Is it alright to let you to beat me up as what you want? But please give me a little bit more time right now…
The sound of the footsteps is getting closer, it seems like that I can not get a good ending.
I open my eyes, two youngsters have the jitters to walk close to me. Maybe they are shocked by my miserable eyes, the footsteps slow down.
“What are you waiting for?” Lisa urges them loudly, “Hurry up! He’s just only a trash!”
“Kill…”Ricard says with a whimper sound, “Kill him for me!”
“Ricard… he… he’s a noble… too.”
“No need to care for this! Kill him!!!”
Kill me, you want to kill me like this? You rob my woman, insult me, insult my family, beat me up, and now even want to kill me!!!
The bitter in my heart turns to anger, the already calmed down mood is overturned too. The lost-controlled streams are back to the blizzard condition, this is the fate that I have to face? Alright, if you want to kill, I will give you the killing! If you want to tread on my life, then just don’t blame me to tread on your lives first!!
I hold my hands on the stone fence and support myself to stand up, I struggle to put one step forward, incline my body, put the left foot forward, right knee curls a little bit. I put the can’t-hold-fist right hand by the waist and hang down my left hand powerless. If my former fighting instructor sees the pose I have right  now, he will slap on me right away… But I don’t have other ways, my body is not under control, my face gets red, and I pant like a bull. It almost costs me all the energy to pose this weird posture.
The short guy with the disgusting appearance rushes at me first, he punches his right fist just right at my head!
I draw my left foot back, shake the body, and back a step. His fist stops a moment at the half way, he knows that he can’t hit me if it is on the original route, his slowdown body rushes a big step forward again. I back a step again, he can’t help but has to repeat what he just did. He is already a bit anxious.
Great! This is just what I want! My waist already leans on the stone fence, I pretend that I am careless, I cry out in alarm, and my upper body flips backward… The merciless grim smile show on the short guy’s face, he steps forward and swings his fist at my head. But, he is too excited, maybe on his mind, I am just still a trash! I straighten my back on the stone fence, stand straight and let the head avoid the punch first. I look at him calmly, and then raise my right knee… our bodies lean against each other.
“Ooh…” He can’t no longer to execute Lisa’s order, his both hands cover the place a little bit under the belly tightly, like a helpless teenage girl in front of a rapist, he shuts both legs together and slowly knees down to the ground, the muscles on his face twitch, and the low mourning sounds come out of his mouth… It seems like that he can’t no longer to get his thing up in the future.
One is down, and one more to go.
The tall guy arrives soon too, because he is behind a little bit, he doesn’t see my movements and doesn’t know why his friend falls down, but he still speeds up. He raises his right arm highly, I think that he wants to punch me fly away jus in one punch! What kind of joke is it? Even though I am in this kind of situation, but it doesn’t mean that I will stand still to let you punch! I count the distance between two of us, seize the right time to put one step aside, that makes the short guy, who is still kneeing down on the ground, just right at the middle between us.
The tall guy obviously doesn’t expect that I have this move. He changes his direction in a hurry, but he finds out that he will thrust into his companion, so he has to stop his steps in a hurry, the two fist change to grab, grabs his companion’s shoulders to stabilize his own body. Same as that I expect, his upper body leans forward severely.
Chance! I take the advantage of his upper body leaning forward, empty hands and the head hanging down rapidly. I move forward again, lower my body, and put my head under where his lower jaw comes to, push my head up with my whole body’s strength…
I feel very dizzy and can’t hear anything. I just see that he covers his mouth with his hands, sits on the ground. He looks at me unbelievably first, and then lots of blood gush out from the gaps of his fingers. He looks like in the severe pain because he bites his own tongue off… This is not my business, it is you biting it yourself…
The short guy looks like that he regains some strength, his blurred eyesight begins to gather together, it will be on my body again… Danger! My body can’t stand any more tosses. So, I don’t even think it over, my right hand sticks out the index and the middle fingers and thrust them over subconsciously…
After the sound “puff”, I retrieve my right hand quickly. I move my weak body aside once again. A guy suddenly goes blind will not have any intellects, this is the human’s nature reaction. I am really unwilling to die in a lunatic’s hand, so I will try to get away from him as far as possible.
“Ah…!!!” The just low mourning turns into the high scream, the short guy rolls on the ground crazily, his two eyes turn into two blood holes… The tall guy is still gushing out blood by his side, he doesn’t notice any dangers at all…
Finally, the short guy, no, now is the short blind guy, his swinging wildly hands touch the tall guy by the side, so he grabs him tightly and takes a bite on him… It is too horrible to look at!
“Great!” I praise them, drag my heavy body and get ready to move down from the altar. I am still lucky! I don’t waste too much time and strength. I should still have the chance to save my own life. Just give me a quiet place, just give me a couple hours… I, should able to live on!!!
One step, one more step. Good, it is the third step ahead, I have already had the smile shown on my face…
A stabbing pain and cold come from my waist, it freeze the smile on my face. I try hard to turn my head around, I see Lisa and the blood-stained dagger in her hand.
“You really kill me, you really… want to… kill me?” When I am speaking, Lisa answers me with her move once again, I was stabbed once again. But this time, she can’t pull it out, I hold the dagger stabbing in my left stomach tightly, even before I can curse anything, I roll down from high stairs of the altar.
“Kone!”
“No!”
I hear two urge voices while I am rolling down on the stairs, and then I feel that my body is firmly caught by somebody.
It is Feline and Kelly! Kelly looks at me, both eyes are full of tears, she holds me tightly in her arms. Feline’s both hands give out the white rays already, she begins to heal me with the magic.
Down the stairs, tens of guards in shining armors trace up with the long swords in hands…
“Audacious wretches, how dare to come up to the Saint Altar! This is the capital crime!!” A guard look like their leader shouts harshly.
Feline doesn’t have any reaction to the words, she still put all of her mind to stop the blood out of the wounds. Kelly also still holds me in her arms, just let the tears drop down on my face. It seems like that my life is more important than their owns, it is a world of difference from that cheap bitch up there!
“Get the fuck out of here!” I hold Kelly’s hand and curse at the leader of the guards, “They’re my wives! Dare to even touch one hair of them!”
And then, it’s totally black in front of me, I fall unconscious…


20

The people are in and out of the room, the wounds on my body surface are no longer bleeding in the healing of six magicians, but the streams running around in my body are still the same. Because I have already missed the opportunity, I totally don’t have any other ways. 
For now, I just lie on the bed looking at the ceiling stupefied, I am waiting for my another “Fly Up To Heaven”.
Feline has the towel in her hand, she keeps wiping out the blood which was seeping out of my mouth. It is very strange, I can’t find any sadness in her eyes. All she has is tranquility, the kind of tranquility almost can make the angels weep.
Wilsa holds my hand with the tears all over her face, her voice is spasmodic sobs. Wensly puts her palms together devoutly in front of the window, her pretty eyes are slightly red, her mouth is reading something in a low voice…
I don’t have anything to do, I am just tasting every single thing of my last life and the past fourteen years. The more I think, the more vexing I feel. It sloshes around in my mind, I gush out a mouthful of blood again…
“Brother Kone!” Wilsa shakes my hand, “Please don’t die!”
“Don’t think about it any more.” Feline wipes the blood away gently for me, “Just calm yourself down.”
I turn my eyeballs. Besides my mouth, eyes are the only one organ that I still can control to move.
“How do you know?” I ask laboriously, “How do you know that I am thinking something else?”
“I know from your eyes.” Feline answers, “There’re too many your emotions in them.”
“Oh, right.” I ask, “How did you get to the altar?”
“Actually,” Feline’s face has a faint flushed, “We were behind you right after you came out of the Prime Minister’s mansion.”
Looking at my shocked face, Feline keeps saying, “It’s Kelly’s idea, she said that she wants to see how you meet your fiancée each other. We just waited for you at the outside of the Prime Minister’s mansion. We didn’t know that you would go to the altar indeed. There are guards around the altar, we can’t follow you to get up to there.”
“And then?”
“And then we just watched you from far away down there, when those three guys came, we thought that they are your friends.”
“Yeah, right! Fuck them good friends!” I curse loudly.
“Brother Kone!” Wilsa looks like that she is shocked, “You never curse anybody before!”
“Sister Wilsa.” I smile bitterly, “I’m very sorry, brother shouldn’t curse in front of you, but brother is going to die pretty soon, can you please excuse brother?”
“No, Wilsa doesn’t want brother Kone to die! Wilsa doesn’t want…”
“Brother doesn’t want to die neither, brother still wants to play with our pretty sister Wilsa every day!”
“Wilsa, don’t cry, Kone will grieve to see you cry.” Feline fondles on Wilsa’s head, “When we heard the screeches coming from up there, we knew that there is something happened. But the guards down there wouldn’t allow us to go up to there, no matter what we said.”
“We didn’t have any ideas, when we saw that you wanted to come down from the altar with the blood all over your body… We can’t stay still any more.” Feline turns her head, her shoulders shrug slightly, “We didn’t think of that we were still a little bit too late…”
“Feline…” I am moved from heart, “Thank you…”
Feline turns her head back, but her eyes are already all red…
The step sounds come from outside of the door, it sounds like that there are more than one person.
Feline takes a look, she stands up and speaks to me, “It’s uncle Vassel and auntie Belltina.”
Father’s face is very serious, he stands by the bedside to watch auntie Belltina checking on my body. As a matter of fact, after the real me woke up, my heart is full of appreciations for this male who pours countless painstaking cares in my growing for the past fourteen year, I have the appreciation for all of the friends and for my family…
Thinking of these, the tears overflow out of my eyes…
“Don’t worry! Kone.” Father takes hold of my hand tightly, “Papa surely will find a way to cure you! You must be strong!”
“Papa…” I am not disgusted with this address at all, “I’m not afraid of death… but… just have a little bit unwillingness, and are unwilling to part with everybody.”
“Kone, where does this powerful energy in your body come from?” Auntie Belltina asks me.
“I don’t know either.” I am going to die soon, there is no need to let others nerve-racking for me any more.
“Boy.” Belltina says. “You’re great!”
“Ah?”
“A boy with no fighting skills and magic faces four people.” Belltina touches my forehead, “To everyone’s surprise, no holding-back or begging for mercy. You’re a great boy!”
“What happened to them?” I ask with a bitter smile.
“Them?” Belltina says, “One broke a leg, another two were losing too much blood when people get to there… they are dead!”
“Fortunately you’re smart enough.” Father keeps saying, “You said that Feline and Kelly are your wives, otherwise, there’re more troubles for this event.”
“Sorry… Feline, but I couldn’t find any other excuses…” I look at Feline and say to her.
“There… there’s nothing.” Feline’s blushed face recovers quickly after she hears my words.
“If I don’t die.” My tongue runs before my wit, “I will marry you two certainly!”
“Let’s go out…” Belltina speaks to my father, “Let the kids have a little bit more time to talk…”
……
The fourth day after I got injured, I can no longer have any food, and just can drink a little water.
After all the magicians, including three of Majesty Krimer’s imperial magicians, shook their heads at my father, father asks me where I want to go.
“Home. I want to go back to see mama.” I say.
We start the back trip right away! The seventh day after I rode on the horseback to get into the Saint Capital, I lies in the carriage to get out of the city gate. It is just like what the old words say “standing in, lying down out”.
The carter drives the carriage very careful, he tries his best to make it runs smoothly and stably.
My friends sit around me, everyone tries hard to hold their sadness back and tries to squeeze a smile on the face… If I were still just Kone, maybe I could still be fooled. But to now this me added up at least forty years old teenage, their charity performances are very unprofessional.
“I want to take a look outside…” I really can’t cooperate any more. Looking at them this way, it seems like that the five flavors toss around in my stomach, my voice has a bit sobs.
“Let me hold you up!” Wen speaks to Mogardi, “Open the window.”
“Don’t move!” Kelly screams in a hurry, “Nobody can move Kone!”
“Then?”
Hairt doesn’t even think it over twice, he “Shin” pulls out the long sword, stabs it into the coach’s board, and crosscuts a big opening… The others follow the sample. In a wink, it is just an empty frame over my carriage.
Under the gentle breeze, the air with the fresh wild flower scent begins to circle around me, I breathe deeply in greedy. The colorful flowers are in full bloom on the green plain, the white clouds embellish the sky. It is so wonderful, I don’t have too much time left, let me have a look, let me have one more look…
“Hairt.”
“What? Boss?” Hairt takes hold with my hands tightly, it seems like that I would fly away if he let them loose.
“Easy, it hurts!” I grin with pain, “I have something to tell you.”
“Oh! Sorry! Boss.” Hairt lets my hands go, he grins with pain too, it is Wilsa who sits by him giving him a heavy pinch.
“Hairt, you have the ability as a leader.” I try hard to think, I want to give my brothers a little more helps before the fire of my life burns out, “You are impetuous when anything crops up, this is your biggest shortcoming. You must learn this from Marf and Feline. If… I say if, I’m not here any more, the brothers will depend on your leadership.”
“Boss!”
“Don’t cry! Roll aside.” I don’t really want to put my energy on cries.
“Moah! Come here.”
“Boss!”
“You have a love heart, care for others, think for others, and are brave.” Moah’s hands are shivering, “But you must be cruel when you face the enemies, you must keep your eyes open on the details… That means dealing from the tiny parts, thinking over the things must be more thorough… And, don’t dote on your brother too much… Alright, you can roll aside too, Marf!”
“Boss, I’m here!”
“The most cunning is just you, you… must cooperate more with Hairt. You can’t let him act recklessly!”
“Yes!”
“Jack…”
“Mmm… I… I’m here…”
“What are you crying for! Don’t rely on your brother too much, take good practicing on magic. The future road is walked on all by yourself.”
“Yes! I will not cry any more in the future.”
“Feline, Kelly, please give them more of your helps. And Kelly, you must change your irritable temper, listen more to your sister’s opinions.”
“Mogardi, Wen, Waldi. You must remember, your mind must be broader. If you want to strengthen your own races, you must cooperate well. Cooperation is the only superiority of the alien races.”
“Wensly.”
“I’m right by your side…”
“I don’t understand, your name is very strange. What it means…? Can you tell me?”
“Wensly… in ancient spirit language, is firefly…”
“Wilsa....”
“Brother Kone!”
“Sister Wilsa is the most well-behaved, be careful of the bad guys. Brother can no longer to cut myself to give you blood to drink.”
“Wilsa don’t want brother to die…” She is really not growing up yet, this moment she still says die or dead.
“Sister Wilsa needs to accompany with Wensly more! Sister Wensly will be really lonely by herself.”
“Yes…”
……
Should be said, can be said, and all I can think of, I say them all… It’s really tiresome.
“Wensly, can you sing?”
“I… I don’t know…”
“Let me teach you? You just need to sing for me.”
“Mmm! Wilsa wants to learn too!”
“Alright! Sister Wilsa comes to learn together.” I hum a song right floating on my mind at this moment, there are only these girls left around me right now, I don’t know where those guys hide to…
Some cries in alarm around, a giant white shadow flies past the carriage. It falls down askew on the faraway grass in our glare on…
“What… is that?”
“It looks like a dragon…” Feline’s voice loses its calm.
Tens of horses gallop by… The raised dust blows on our faces, it angers Hairt and others to shout curses loudly!


Extra: The Dark Legend-Kone’s Friends

This is a small village. It is built by a small zigzag river’s side. The broken houses are all over by both side of the river, they are built by some of the refugees, they need their functions just to keep warm, of course they will not pursue what neatness and artistry. Those things only the lord nobles would care for.
This village is really small, it is small enough that even the feudal lord doesn’t have the interest to name it at all. Talk about the feudal lord, the kids living in the village hear a lot of stories about him. It is told that the feudal lord lives in the very, very high castle, the feudal lord does whatever he wants to do, the feudal lord needs several people to lift him to the bed to sleep, and the feudal lord eats a whole pig just for one meal…
Even though the village is small, and nobody puts it on mind, but it still is Moah’s hometown!
Little Moah is old moah’s son, the people live in the village don’t know how to name their children. Normally they will name their sons after their father, just put a junior after the name. After the father dies, just get rid the junior of the son’s name. Once the son has a son, then just put a senior after the name. It is just that simple.
But little moah has a younger brother, what to name the young brother make old moah headache. Finally a pass-by knight made a suggestion for old Moah, “Call him Jack! In ancient times, there’s a hero called Jack. ” The knight said, “There’s nothing wrong with the name.”
The old Moah never thought of making his sons to be a hero, but the knight should have more knowledge than himself! Furthermore, it should be no problem to fill up the stomach if he can becomes a hero? So, Little Moah’s brother is called Jack.
The year when little Moah can put Jack on his back to go pick up the firewood in the hills, a severe cold winter came.
It is told that the lord nobles like the snow very much, they world go up the hills to enjoy the snow scene, drink the red wine, and chant the poems to praise the Deity of Brightness… But, the snow obscuring the sky is never the good friend of poor people.
At this moment, the old Moah sits by the door decadently, he worries what should be for this winter.
The old Moah actually is not that old, and he is very strong too, he can carries three sacks of wheat running back and forth.
There still has half piece of wheat cake left, if he can refrain his appetite, it should be enough two meals for the kids. Little Moah can barely wears his clothes now, he will not suffer from cold, but what about Jack? Can’t he wears the tree skin same as him? 
“Hey! Old Moah.” It’s Uah next door, a very tall and big half-orcs being, he steps “Quack quack” on the snow and comes over, “What are you worrying for?”
“The kids don’t’ have any clothes to put on.” The old Moah answers.
“Oh, this way, let me think.” Uah sits next to the old Moah buy the door, two men think worried together.
“Because we want to catch some fish on the ice lake… so, Can’t let the kids go naked.” The old Moah says, “The weather is such too cold.”
“I got it.” Uah slaps on his own upper leg, “Didn’t the feudal lord let us to clean up that old granary a couple days ago? Is there a big piece of worn-out cloth in there?”
“Yeah, that’s right!" The old Moah stands up, “Why didn’t I think of that? But…”
“Let’s go take that cloth to wrap the kids up, then the kids will not suffer from the cold,” Uah says, “It’s hard to say that we can find some wheat or something else in that old granary as well…”
“Right.” The old Moah laughs, “The feudal lord doesn’t want anything in there any more anyway.”
The same day afternoon, the old Moah brings the worn-out cloth to an old aunt, he asks her to sew two clothes for the Kids, he will thank her with a deer-size animal in the coming year.
The old aunt is a very nice people, she even stuffs in the kids clothes lot of hays which can block the cold off. The old Moah wants to say some thanks, but he is awkward in speech, he doesn’t know how to say anything. For this, the old Moah blames on himself several times.
Watching little Moah and Jack wearing the clothes to chase each other in front of the house, the old Moah feels very gratified. Because of the hay, the two Kids’ clothes look very thick, it seems very warm even just looking at them. He thinks that he keeps the promise to the Kids’ mother… The kids’ mother is gone after she left these two Kids, she died not even to have time to say anything.
“Old Moah!” Uah calls him, “Come, Come, Come. Let’s go to the lake to catch the fish!”
“I’m coming!” The old Moah answers, he picks up the strings and the wood stick by his side, and he calls the kids to go with him together.
Little Moah brings out a string too, he ties one end to his own waist, and ties another end to his brother’s waist. This way, He will not lose Jack. The old Moah said if he lost his brother, he could not live neither. The old Moah will sell him away, and then marry another woman back.
Even uncle Uah tells him time and again, that is the way his father scares him, he would sell him long time ago if he wants to do so, no need to wait until he loses his brother. But the little Moah takes it for real, he never dares to let his brother to walk to the place which is out of his sight, he holds his brother in arms even when he goes to sleep.
In winter, It is a major event to go fishing in the lake, this is not a thing that ten or twenty people can handle, normally it takes the people of the whole village.
They will break holes on the icebound lake surface, and then put the nets which are borrowed from the feudal lord down into the lake, about one hundred people divided into two sides to drag the nets back and forth…. From one side of the lake to another side.
Of cause, as a scene on the feudal lord’s territory, there will be a lot of lords coming to watch by riding on all kinds of carriages and sleigh. They will wear the luxurious furred robes, let the servants to burn the big piles of firewood by the lake, listen to the guys urging loudly, and talk and laugh in small groups. At this time, the young ladies and gentlemen will yell to pick the fish that they like, and take them aside to let the cooks to roast… If they can serve the feudal lord well, make him happy, there will be a lot of fish can be left, people will have enough food to live through the winter. 
When the old Moah begins to dig holes on the ice, the little Moah watches Jack on the side.
“Fish… big fish!” Jack acts like an adult, he beats the ice surface with a stick, “Come out, I want to eat you…”
Little Moah wipes the snivel with his hand, he sees a lot of lords’ carriages coming to this side, their servants bring out a lot of things from the carriages, and put them by the lakeside.
Little Moah turns his head around, he knows that he can not stares at the lords for a long time. He doesn’t know when the lords will be unhappy, maybe the staring will cause some troubles.
The adults have already put the nets into the lake, little Moah is very excited, they didn’t have any meat for a long time, it makes his brother chases anything that can run every time .
It is snowing, not too big and not too small. The adults drag the nets time and again, there are more and more fish piling up on the side, little Moah takes his brother with him, and watch by the side with bunch of little kids.
Wiping the snivels, running the slobbers, the eyes of the little kids are green, they are not much different from the wolves.
An adult drag a basket of fish to come over, he pours it down with a sound of "wow" , and the fish begin to struggle, they slid to everywhere.
Half play and half help, the kids begin to kick the fish back where they supposed to belong with their feet. Why do they use their feet? Because to do so in this way, nobody will doubts them steal the fish to eat.
Little Moah kicks several fish back to the pile, he slowly takes a glance to a little fish with no scales on, steps one foot on it. He use his foot to move the fish to the lakeside when nobody pays attention.
And then he pretends to play with Jack, he pulls Jack to there with pull and push.
“Brother…” Jack asks, “Don’t we kick the fish any more?” 
“Kick! Of course kick,” Little Moah whispers, “Open your mouth!”
Seeing nobody around, little Moah picks up the fish on the ground by hand, he quickly cuts a hole on the fish belly with his nail, squeezes with two hand, he pushes the inners out of the fish belly, and then throws it into Jack’s mouth. It is the fish, not those inners from the fish belly…
“Oh…” His brother pats on the chest, “It’s so cold…”
“Jump, Jump.” Little Moah talks to his brother, “Jumps will make you feel warm.”
They two begin to jump on the ice, until, the feudal lord’s steward stops them and brings them in front of the feudal lord.
“My lord!” The steward says, “now the untouchable people are more and more ungrcious! You look, They even wear the clothes made out of the door curtain for the granary!”
“Door curtain?” the feudal lord asks, “what door curtain?” 
“My lord, that’s the thing belonged to our granary.” The steward says, "It’s a good flax, it even has your stamp on! But it’s stolen by these cheap people…”
“Just two cheap people’s damn kids, what’s the big deal?” the lord waves his hand, “go, go, go…”
“Didn’t you hear that? My lord,” the steward says, "There’s a lord as kind as you in the south, but he is stolen all his things by the cheap people at the end, I heard that some people died. You can’t let them to have their ways like this, my lord. The priest lord came to visit us last time, didn’t he say the same thing? The harvest of this year is not that great, we need to be careful to prevent the cheap people acting recklessly…”
When the steward talks to the lord, little Moah holds his brother in his arms tightly on the side, he doesn’t know anything what is going to happen. Actually, even he knows what is going to happen, he can not do any help neither.
That same night, the steward of the feudal lord brings some servants to bind and bring the old Moah and Uah away, right at that time, the old Moah was singing a song while he is making some smoke dry fish.
It is too dark outside, little Moah doesn’t dare to go after them, that’s because his brother can’t run fast, and there are wolves out in the wild at the night.
The early morning after, little Moah drags Jack to run to the feudal lord’s castle. They slip down on the road many, many times. But they two keep walking battered badly, none of them says anything about pains. The two brothers all know, everything will be alright once they can see their father.
When they get close to the castle, little Moah asks his brother to look down on the road and don’t look up the sky, he keeps wiping the tears off himself, that is because he sees that uncle Uah’s body is hung up high on the castle’s wall.
When they two find the old Moah, he is lying on the ground outside of the castle gate, the snow is not fully cover his face yet, the old Moah’s both hands… the parts below the elbows are all gone, bloods are around him.
“Papa, Papa…” Little Moah shakes the old Moah’s body and keep calling him.
The old Moah opens his eyes, he takes a look at his kids, and he speaks shivering.
“Don’t… cry…” He tries very hard, he wants to hide his broken hands under his body, “Moah, tell your brother don’t look…”
Little Moah covers his brother’s eyes while he has the tears running.
“Remember I… made some smoke fish last night?” The old Moah asks him.
Little Moah nods his head, “I counted, thirty two fish, none less!”
“Good… very good…” The old Moah has a smile, “You go home… bring these fish and your brother… with you … Go!”
Little Moah shakes his head, he doesn’t want to leave the old Moah there alone.
“I… don’t have… any way to go… anymore.” The old Moah shakes his head, “Promise me, Moah, you must take good care of your brother…”
“Mmm!”
“You must remember…” The old Moah says, “Go to the warm place… You will not get frozen… Go by the river… You can find more things to eat…”
“I know how to catch fish, I know how to catch the field mouse, I will find the things to feed my brother!”
“That’s great! Don’t forget… We still own a deer for that old aunt… We need to pay her back… Need to pay her back,” After these words. The old Moah’s sights are getting scattered, “Go… Don’t bother about me… don’t let your brother see…”
Little Moah knows the old Moah well, he will not change anything after the words come out of his mouth, so he backs away step by step and keeps his hands covering his brother’s eyes.
After little Moah gets back home, he takes out all the smoke fish, he hides them on his body then he ties his brother with a string on and gets ready to go.
He turns around looking again and again, he thinks that he should take hold something on his hand, but there is nothing he can bring with in the house indeed, he holds a wood stick in hand finally.
He leaves just like this, little Moah knows, he and his brother both will die if they don’t leave. When little Moah brings his brother to pass the feudal lord’s castle again, the junior in his name is taken away by others.
Somebody calls him Moah, and tells him, his father’s body was thrown to nowhere by the feudal lord.
Little Moah, no, now he is Moah. When he hears the news about his father, he is very painful, but he doesn’t know how to get his feeling out off his chest. So, he puts his brother on his back, he keeps walking, he wants to leave here, he wants to go to a faraway place, and he never wants to come back to here!

Moah is growing up every single day, his brother is growing up every single day as well.
Two of them both need more foods. So, every day at the same time when they walk to the warm place, Moah will bring his brother to find anything to eat.
The string tied between them two is long gone, but this is even better, both of them can run faster now. His brother knows how to follow him tightly right now, they two don’t need to talk to each other, and they still know where another one is.
He gives his own old wood stick to his brother, and he arms himself with an even bigger and thicker one. He even asks a black smith to cut-sharpen both ends of the sticks for them two. Don’t look down at this, he uses his one to kill a wolf once, his brother that one is even better, don’t know how many fish are picked out from the river by it.
They two have a full meal, a poor meal, and then a half full meal, they lead a vagrant life just like this.
They scramble up the hills, they wade into the water, they walk from one lord’s territory to another lord’s territory, they finally meet their first boss.
That day, Moah brings his brother into a small town, that is because Moah killed an animal couple days before, they ate all the meat. The fur seems like very well. But they don’t know how to taw the fur, so they bring the fur into the town with them, they can exchange it for something good to eat if they are lucky.
Their luck is not that bad that day, hey get a big wheat cake for it!
“It smells so good!” Moah sniffs on it, and then he let his brother to sniff, “Am I right?”
“Yes!” His brother asks, “Is this the supper for us tonight?”
“Mmm. We will not have this tonight.” The tough life teaches Moah a good habit that he is very careful in reckoning, “This wheat cake can be stored for a very long time… We will eat it when we are very, very hungry, is it alright?”
“Mmm! Alright!” His brother is very intelligent, he never requests anything excessively, “Then we are going to catch some field rats now?”
They two talk and walk, when they almost walk out of the town, Moah finds out that the wheat cake in his bosom is disappeared.
A whole wheat cake! This is a big deal, it worries Moah and makes him the sweats all over the head.
“Did a little boy bump into you just now?” His brother reminds him, “Maybe…”
“That’s right!” Moah grabs his stick tightly, he brings his brother with him together, and begin to look for that little kid who is almost as big as him.
Finally, at a street corner, they found that little boy. But, that whole wheat cake is all into that little boy’s tummy.
“The wheat cake? I ate it, there’s no use to even kill me.” The boy named Marf claps his hands, “Are you hungry too? Then follow me!”
Moah doesn’t know what he supposed to say.
Marf brings Jack in front of a small food store, tells him to stand still, no need to do anything, just the eyes stare at that store owner, and that’s all he needs to do.
If you are the store owner, you find a little boy with green eyes staring at your store and not even blink one time, watch you selling food, what would you do?
Of cause you have other things to do, but you will pay attention to him as soon as you have time and chance, you will watch him, and see whether he move or not.
Jack just stands still and not move a bit, and then he will leave. Because Marf has already stuffed a lot of things into his clothes at the other side.
For not getting hungry, they have done things like this several times, watch the moves Marf doing in the stores, they know that it’s not a short time for Marf being as a thief.
They find it out later, it’s easier to get food when they three stay together, their ages are almost the same, they can talk well to each other, so they stay together. When the time passes long, these three orphans can’t live without one another.
Marf is the most foxy one among all three, even though Jack is not worse, but because he is a little bit too young, so Marf becomes the boss of them.
They keep wandering, they keep walking to the warmer places.
When they walk through the towns, Marf will makes up a plan, and then brings the other two to have a big “deal”. After that, They will run to the wild fields, of walk by the rivers, to have some tough “go hunting” days.
It should be not that bad living like this, but who knows one day, they meet another orphan.
That guy is really strong, he is even stronger than Moah, he has the gray hair and reclined nose, he has a kick ass look.
But they have to fight against him, that is because they have different opinions about the belonging right for a rabbit.
Moah sees the rabbit first, Jack gives it a rock, but it dies in that gray hair boy’s hand at the end… so, everybody thinks that it needs to talk it over.
“We saw it first!” Marf speaks first, “So it should belong to us!”
“Get out of here, what you saw first is what you have?” That little boy looks down on Marf, “I can even see you!”
“Don’t you give it to us?” After a whole day not having anything to eat, Moah has some anger on, “If you don’t give it to us, we will beat you up!”
“Let’s fight!”
Moah doesn’t think of that the little boy will fight right away after he says so, he gets hit on the face before he even gets ready.
Seeing his brother gets hit, Jack throws himself on forward, he holds on that little boy’s two legs, Marf steps forward and kicks his ass.
Four guys rough and tumble together, they stop until they don’t have any energy to fight… So, they lie down on the grass and discuss about it once again.
“What about like this…” Marf says, “Let’s share it evenly!”
“Good!” That little boys says, “Divide it into two half!”
“No way!” Moah says, “We have three guys! You just have only one!”
“So what one guy? It doesn’t mean that I can’t beat all you guys up!”
“Divide it into four parts, nobody can get his stomach full!”
“Let’s get it over!” Jack says, “I’m hungry, Don’t you guys hungry? Let’s roast it first and then talk about it later?”
Actually everyone is already hungry, so all nod the heads and agree.
When they are ready to roast that rabbit, Moah finds another rabbit! The chance is not waiting for anyone, all of them run to chase that rabbit except Jack who is roasting the rabbit.
But it is not an easy job to chase after a rabbit for the kids, this needs a very good cooperation.
Three guys have to cooperate together, they all listen to that gray hair boy’s order because it seems like that he has some experiences. It costs them a long time to catch that rabbit, at the same time, the sufficient food brings an opportunity of compromise for everyone.
This is not strange at all, it doesn’t need any reason to fight or compromise for little kids.
Everyone can have half roast rabbit to eat, everyone can have a good time to enjoy his food happily.
“My name is Hairt! I’m all by myself.” The gray hair boy introduces himself, “What about you guys?”
Moah introduces them three to Hairt as well, because everyone is leading a vagrant life, it is much better to stay together in nature.
Hairt is a son of a hunter, he goes hunting after his father since he is very little. But one day, his father goes out to sell the goods and never comes back again. Since then, He goes out to hunt and live all by himself.
Hairt is extremely brave, he dares to do the things others don’t dare to do, he is never afraid to fight, and he fights wickedly. He has a lot of experiences, he always knows what to do at the right moment, even though he still will make some hard to avoid mistakes.
Hairt takes good care of Jack as well, he will not allow Jack to go with them if they do something a little bit dangerous… Naturally, He becomes the boss of them four. As long as his brother can get his stomach full, Moah doesn’t care who is the boss. Marf even though cares about it, but only himself one person, he doesn’t have enough power for what he say, he can’t find any ways to deal with this, so he has to leave it that way.
Hairt has a place planned to go, that is a city named Dark Moon. It is heard that it is easy to find food to eat in the Dark Moon city, and furthermore, it is warm weather in that place.
They don’t remember how far and how long they walk, they four kids finally arrive the Dark Moon City.
“Do you know?” Hairt speaks to everyone under the city gate of the Dark Moon city, “I heard that it is not a bad place over here.”
“Then we will live in here in the future?” Jack asks.
“Let’s go to find something to eat first!” Mart touches on his stomach, “I’m hungry!”
“We should!” Moah agrees.
So, they begin to look for the food to eat…
The big fruit ranch outside of the city is the place they go to the most often, even though they will get caught by a red nose grandpa every time, but they will not get beat-up, at most he will gives them a lesson and then let them go, they can even bring some food with them when they leave.
Even they have the fruits all the time… They will feel tired of it too. Hence, they will go into the Dark Moon City time to time. They will look for some “Fat Goats”, so they can improve their structure of appetite.
This day, Hairt goes into the town with them, they see a little boy with black hair, it looks like that he is really rich, Hairt decides to make him as the goal.
Hairt never knows, just because of his this decision, it changes their four guys’ lives, and it changes many, many people’s lives in the future days.
In Kone’s growing up period, there are some people paying great interests in several officers around him. There are two generals, one super-intender, and one chief liaison officer that nobody knows what he really response for.
The two young generals are established outstanding personage. One is good in attacking, his offensive likes a raging fire, he makes the opponents terribly frightened and run faraway even just hear his coming, the guy that he names to kill will be dead, no matter where he runs to hide. Another one is good in defense, his defense is flawless, he makes all the enemies strong in will but weak in power, and nowhere to take a bite, when the chance and opportunity pare, they have to worry about themselves instead.
As for the super intender, if talking about who is the most wilily one in the whole continental, that will be him besides his boss without any doubt. On Kone’s territory, just hearing that he is coming, no matter the rascals, or the corrupted officials are all blue in the faces.
Of course, there is that chief liaison officer, even though he is the chief of that many liaison officers under the lead of Kone, but it seems like that he is doing nothing every day, nobody knows what he does. But no matter viceroy Kone has an important action every time, he must be present. If he is not there right at that time, then viceroy Kone must will be waiting, he will not take any action until he is back. From this point, everyone can see that he is a key personage.
Many people firmly believe that these guys support half Kone’s territory, if without these four people, it is impossible for Kone to defeat his enemies time and time again. They are very outstanding, they can not be bribed, and they are loyalty to Kone extremely, it seems like that their relationships are very good. In kone’s words, they are only friends, just friends…
“So-called friends,” Kone once said it like this, “It’s taking care of each other, consoling each other, and helping each other, they will put into the true emotions and feelings. Besides that, the people who take advantages from each other are bunch of idiots, they throw away the most precious things that they can have with the opportunity.”



