Quest：Book  2
By Yufeng Zhuang
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Yufeng Zhuang 

1

After heard Hairt shouting curses, the troop of horse rangers divided into left and right two sides, they go by a roundabout route and corral us inside. The knights riding on the horses are in gaily dresses and brilliance armors, they stare at us in anger, Hairt sticks out his chest, he puts his hand on the handle of the sword, he is not showing any impression of weakness.
A knight in silver armor grasps the rope slightly and gallops his horse toward us, he does not pay any attention to Feline and Kelly’s abominated eye sights, behind the face mask which with the noble mark on, two big eyes look at my face straightly.
“I know you!” He pushes the face mask up and shows his delicate and pretty face, “You are Kone Cada.”
“You Know me?” I say, “then so what Mr. Noble, you want to beat me up?”
“Hah ha, You just rest your heart.” He laughs, “I don’t have any malice. It’s our fault! What abut this,” he bites on his right middle finger and takes the thick Knight glove off, he stretches out his hand towards me, “I apologize to you!”
“No need, you just go your way.” I do not have any strength to hold hands with him right now.
A knight behinds him puts his hand on the handle of the sword. He shouts at me, “How dare! How dare you even…”
“I’m Feshert.” he gives a stare at that shouting knight, that knight shuts his mouth right away, “I know that you are wounded, you are not in a good mood.” He sticks his body out of the horse back, he holds my hand and shakes it slightly.
“One against three.” He straights up his body and puts his hand into his own bosom, “the one who doesn’t know any magic of fighting skills even won incredibly. I really can’t believe it.”
“Actually.” I say, “I’m almost dead soon.”
“Let me give you this.” Feshert gives a small bottle to Feline, “even it can’t heal all your wounds, but at least it can make you feel a little bit better.”
“Thank you.” My expression is still the same, “we are in a hurry!”
“Then good-bye!” He waves his hand, he even doesn’t care about my ungraciousness, the troop of knights gallop forward after him.
“Who is him? It looks like that he is just only about fifteen or sixteen.” Kelly asks.
“How can I know?”
Feeling the weariness, I close my eyes…
Suddenly, some hues and cries come from ahead. The booming explosions of the magic and the clear and painful screams set my nerves on edge.
“What the sound is that?” I ask Wensly.
“It seems like the dragon’s screams.”
“Dragon? Is the thing that just flied over our heads?”
“Maybe?!”
“I never saw a dragon before.” I suddenly have the curiosity, “let’s go there to take a look.”
“Alright.” Feline jumps out of the carriage, she runs to uncle Meza who is responsible for guarding me back home.
The whole fleet adjusts the direction, we follow far behind uncle Meza and some guards, and go to the place where the noises come from.
As we getting closer and closer, the sound we heard is clearer and clearer. Uncle Meza puts his left hand up suddenly and holds it as a fist, he stops the carriage fleet and then brings several guards forward quickly.
“Dragon, it’s a very strong life. It can use the magic without any chanting.” Wensly speaks to me, “my mother tells me that they are very clever. They are even more intelligent than most people, they even have different mode of thinking from us, the normal way of doings in human beings doesn’t work for them. Furthermore, dragon is very arrogant. Thus, they very seldom show up in front of people.”
“My master! You may not go to there any more.” uncle Meza rides back quickly, he speaks to me by the side of the carriage, “The troop just caused the destruction to both sides with a white dragon. They should all be dead.”
“Is it really a dragon?” I ask, “and it’s a white dragon?”
“It’s a dragon, my master. But it’s too dangerous, you can’t go to there." It looks like that uncle Meza has a very firm attitude.
“just let Kone go to take a look…” Feline speaks whisperingly.
“I!” Uncle Meza speaks, “can’t agree!”
“Feline,” I speak to Feline with smile, “when you ask uncle Meza to do something, you should have something in your hands. For example like right now, you should hold a bag of water and speak to uncle: Uncle Meza, you have lots of sweats on your head! Here’s the water for you.”
“Like this?” Wilsa jumps out of the carriage, She tips her toes hardly and speaks to uncle, “here’s your water, uncle Meza.”
“My master…” Uncle Meza takes the water bag over, his eyes are getting red… “guards off horses, cover the carriage!”
“If anything wrong happens, you bring my master to run right away.” uncle Meza whispers to the carter.
A giant white dragon as the center, the marks after all kinds of magic being used surround it, the wild grass on the land are pulled out with roots, the exposed black dirt is punched out lots of big holes, the dead bodies of the knights and horses are spreading all across in confusion on the ground, there are even some ice poles not melted down yet…
Dragon, that is the dragon lying in the center? The gigantic body, the strong two wings, and the wounds which are all over its white body runs the same red color blood…
Suddenly, maybe it feels the shocks by the running carriage, the dragon opens its eyes. Its black, deep eyes stare at us straightly.
The carter is stunned, his hands on the rope are stiff like a rock…
“Wait a moment!” I stop Marf who kicks the carter down and jumps on the carriage, “don’t go in a hurry.”
“Hold me of the carriage,” I speak to the stunned everyone, “hold me off the carriage!”
Maybe knowing that I have made up my mind strongly, Hairt and Moah, one left and one right, come to hold me up to the side of the dragon. The white dragon swings its wings and struggles a little bit, but it still can’t stand up.
“This one is still alive!” Jack behind us holds up a guy, “It’s that guy whose name is Feshert!”
“He is still can be saved.” the accompanied magician looks at me.
“Then go to help him out.” I look at Feshert who is taken off the armor, I recall the medicine which he gave to me.
“There’re a lot of wounds.” uncle Meza points on the dragon’s chest, “the most fatal one is right on here, this wound is caused by the dragon-killing sword.”
“Dragon-killing sword?” I ask confusedly.
“Yes, The dragon-killing sword. It’s a kind of weapon invented by the dragon-killers, they mix some special materials in the metal. Because the dragon is a strong life, and they know how to use the high level recovering magic, so the normal wounds can be healed really quick.” uncle Meza says, “but if they are wounded by this kind of weapons, the recovering magic will be useless. the wound will not be coalescence, the blood will keep running out until it die.”
“Why do people invent this kind of cruel weapon?” Wilsa asks in pale face.
“The other weapons can’t do much harm to the dragon. Killing a dragon will bring great fortune and fame to the dragon-killer."
“Thus theses many people go to kill a dragon, and then be proud and pleased with themselves. What did she do? Make you guys to treat her like this?”
A dignified and tremendous voice comes from the vast sky.
I raise my head, more than ten different colors giant dragons float onto our heads soundlessly.
Immediately, the sharp fricatives from pulling swords are full into my ears.
“You guys can leave here! But that guy has to be left here!” A red dragon comes down onto the ground, he raises his arrogant head, “we have already known that this is not done by you guys.”
“How did you know?” I ask.
“Dragons don’t need to communicate in languages.” the red dragon says, “the dragon who is dying on the ground told us everything.”
I turn around and take a look, the white dragon’s eyesight is still deep, but it has a kind of calm that it does not have earlier.
“Can you save it?” I ask the red dragon.
“She was hit by that dirty weapon hundreds miles away, we don’t have any ways anymore.” the red dragon’s voice is full of sadness, “we have to bring her home. We hope that she is still alive right then.”
If it is like this, doesn’t it mean that she is same as me? I can not image that it is not only me who has this kind of fate.
“What about him?” I ask.
“This dragon-killer?” the red dragon’s eyesight is very incisive, “he must pay for what he did, he will be dead.”
I lower my head to check on the wounds on the white dragon carefully. They are the typical traumas, they stab in obliges corners from the skin, they are not that deep inside, and the wounded areas are not that huge… They should be stabbed while the white dragon was in strenuous movement, the wounds on the skin and muscle are at random…
“If you can give me some helps.” I speaks to the red dragon, “I can try to heal her.”
“Heal? The magic is useless for this kind of wound.” the red dragon sticks his head towards me, uncle Meza quickly steps between us nervously, he blocks in front of me with his body.
“I can give it a try.” I speaks behind uncle Meza’s back.
The red dragon raises his head, he looks into my eyes from up there, and I look at him back as well.
“Alright! I can provide you the helps!” The red dragon stretches his body a bit, and then shrinks without any anticipations, before I even can take a blink, it has already changed into an old man’s look, “What do you need?”
“I… I need a clean room.” I am at a loss what to do by his change, I stammer when I speak to him, “and I need some equipments, besides I need…”
“I can fulfill all your requests.” the red dragon speaks to me after he hear what I say, “even if it doesn’t succeed, for your respect life, you still can leave safely.”
“You can call me Reid.” the red dragon walks to me, he holds my body for Hairt. Another dragon change into the human being’s form and walks to us as well. I give a nod to Hairt, then I talk to Reid, “We can begin now.”
Without any sounds, a ball shape which yielding out white light is formed around us, the air inside runs quickly and steadily. The light ball shrinks slowly, it covers us and the white dragon which still lying on the ground inside…
“Let me know the structure of her body first.” I speaks to Reid.
Reid looks into my eyes, a picture is shown on my mind, the bones, the muscles and the blood vessels are shown one by one…
After all, the dragons communicate each other in this way, it is so convenient.
“Now, use your sharpest tool, cut the skin open with the wound as the center.” I make some lively gestures laboriously while I am speaking.
Another person changed from dragon has a small transparent slender long knife in his hand, he cuts three times on the skin over the wound as my request.
“Hold the wound open with something, and lift the skin up a bit… that’s right, check whether any internal organs got hurt first.“ after I see the dragon who holds the knife shakes his head, I keep saying, “if no any internal organ get hurt, then it must be the blood vessels! There are two big vessels around here, go find them.”
“I found them…”
“Can you see clearly where the blood runs to?”
“Yes, I do. What should I do next?”
“Use something to block the front end of the blood vessel, do not let the blood runs again…”
The dragon uses a clamp to clamp on the blood vessel with a very gentle movement, the dexterous level of two hands makes me lose in astonishment…
“Normally, when the dragon people get hurt, will the blood be clotted?” I ask Reid.
“Will be clotted! And really quick too!” Reid tries to cooperate with me, he does not communicate in mind.
“Then it must be some other materials in the wounds! They prevent the blood clotting…” I try my best to think, I recall what uncle Mega said to me, “go check the foreign materials in the wound!”
“There’s some gray color things.”
I get my head close up there and take a look carefully…
“Can you remove these things? But make sure not to let them sticking to other places.” I speak to that dragon.
“Of course I can!” The dragon holds the knife with his left hand, he sticks his right hand into the wound, and then his finger-tips yield out the bright white light… Not long later, the light balls on the finger-tips that he brings out are all with gray dirt on…
“These things are very sticky, but I still take them away.”
“All of them?”
“Yes, none at all is left. I am pretty sure.”
“You go out of here right away, and clean the things out of your hand as soon as possible, change another one with dexterous hands in!”
This dragon leaves without making a sound…
The next dragon coming in cuts the necrosis blood vessel parts off under my order, and then connects them with the blood vessels moved from other body parts and sews them together.
When he finishes all of these, I have sweats all over my body, and my face turns deadly pale…
I lean to sit by the head of the white dragon, and watch the third dragon which just changed into the human being form coming in to give her the final step of healing. I speak to her, “what about this? You never thought that you still can be alive?”
The white dragon does not say anything, and it even closes its eyes up. Hey… It is your life saver who is speaking to you!
“White shadow seldom speaks,” Reid speaks to me, “to our dragons, she is still a little kid.”
I just want to say something more, a mouthful of blood gush out of my mouth. In my eyes, the bright sky becomes dark…


2

Hairt gets his mouth wide-opened, his eyes’ outer corners are almost connecting with his mouths, the laughter coming out of his throat is so loud and hoarse… You have to be convinced him like this somehow, the normal people can not laugh as loud as he does.
“Boss just woke up! Boss just woke up…” the short Waldi holds Wen’s neck with his both hands, he shakes him excitedly, he does not care that Wen can take it or not. The poor Wen, he is puking the white foams almost already…
Feline is still wiping my forehead with a towel, but this time, she has tears all over her face.
I passed out while I was healing White Shadow, since on, Reid began to heal me with the magic of the dragon race… As a matter of fact, the magic of dragon race is so wonderful, it even brought me back from the edge of death.
“Please, please stop laughing…” a powerless voice comes from my side, “I’m going crazy…”
Mmm? I turn my head and take a look, unexpectedly it is the guy whose name is Feshert!
“It is like this, Kone.” Feline explains to me, “You lost your conscience, but at the same time, you saved the life of that white dragon. Thus Reid said that Feshert does need to die, our magician saved his life and woke him up. But we do not have any other carriage, so we have to leave him over here.”
“Oh.” I ask, “Feshert, why do you want to kill dragon?”
“I think… I want…” Feshert is kind of embarrassed, “I want to make a gown for my father with that dragon’s white skin…”
“In this way…” I turn my head back. “but dragon is a kind of life with thinking. Don’t you mind that a bit at all?”
"Rullman told me that dragons are evils," Feshert says, "and he gave me the dragon-killing sword.”
“Rullman? The Prime Minister?” I soak myself into deep thinking…
We stay on the plain for two days, we are going to separate with the dragons.
“You must remember all these, she lost a lot of blood, So she must have more fruits and the things which are full of protein… Don’t drink too much water… And don’t have any extreme movements…”
“Protein???” Reid gets his eyes in a daze…
“It’s kind of eggs and beans.” I almost get myself down, even the dragons are smart, but they still don’t understand this?!
“Oh! I understand now.” Reid nods his head, he begins tell the medical advice about me to Feline and Wensly, “the wounds in Kone’s body are almost all healed, but he still can’t move right now, everything is decided by the condition of his recovery. I think that he can get his feelings back in couple days… Oh, this is for you.”
Reid puts a silver necklace on my neck.
“My master,” Uncle Meza’s spirit is grand, “where are we going to right now?!”
“Let’s go back to Saint Capital! We need to make my father happy for a while!”
The dragons take off from the ground, and they fly to west after they circle over the fleet several rounds…
“Fleet departing… Target, the Saint Capital!” uncle Meza’s voice is loud and clear.
On the way to the Saint Capital, everyone begins to laugh and have funs, they play around with each other. Feshert gets the worst from all of them. On the one hand, some of them think that he gets fooled to kill dragon, even he is not a bastard, he is still a fool. On the other hand, some of them think that I can not get my life saved without the reason of him. Well, It should be better said that we saved each other. Thus, Feshert gets all the special treatments throughout the journey…
I can slightly move my both hands already, my mood is getting fresh and cool. After I stop my friends maltreating Feshert, I always talk with him for a while. Slowly, I find out that this guy has a very smart brain. He can even catches up my thinking that I get from the former life after I woke up the real me. Of cause, it is no way that I talk to him about what airplane or canon things, but it is so amazing that he can catch up my jumping thoughts, and he can deliberate carefully the philosophic theory that I talk about. 
“The thing that you just talk about… I think that it is somewhat reasonable. But can you guarantee the person who practice supervising has the proper quality?” Feshert wrinkles his eyebrows.
“Thus we need to carry out the education, the education for all people.”
“Education for all people?? Please talk about it!”
“The nobles and the populaces, the human beings and the alien races. the innate characters are no differences.” I look at the white clouds on the sky, weigh and consider my words, “the difference is that the nobles have the right to have the education, and the populaces don’t have it. Thus the nobles become more and more arrogant, the populaces become more and more self-abased, and the alien races become more and more savage. If everything keeps on like this, the world will just be more and more disorderly!"
“Stop!” Feshert raises his hand, he closes his eyes and thinks for a while. And then he nods his head at me to signal me to keep talking.
"Try to think about how many rebellions and wars in a year. How much money will they cost? If we put those money into the education, we don’t just bury the hatchet only. The more important thing is that we can have more talented persons, we can create more fortunes with these people!”
“Talented persons? We have them in our nobles.”
“In a country, how many nobles are there? How many populaces are there. Since there are talented persons in so few nobles, What about the populaces? How many talented persons there will be? They are all wasted…” I raise my head a little bit higher to make myself feel more comfortable, “there are talented persons everywhere in all the classes.”
“I…” Feshert’s lips are getting white, “want to have some water…”
……
Seeing I hold my body and lean on the carriage waving my hand, my papa’s been gray eyes recover the shines right in a moment, he laughs “Ha ha ha” loudly. He slams a “Hard Cheese” in black magician gown down the stares.
“Vassel Cada,” the “Hard cheese” wipes his nose blood off, “you are going to pay for this!”
“Ha ha ha, Kone.” my father does not care about this at all, “come to meet your uncle Webber!”
“Uncle Webber?” I look at Webber who is all in dust, “the great magician?”
“That’s right! Your uncle Webber rushes to here after he heard that you got injured, he is ready to leave to catch you, but Who knows that you have already returned to here!”
“Oh!” I point at Feshert and say, “Papa, this is what I pick up on the road…”
“Oh?” Papa comes and takes a look at him, “you are… Feshert?!”
The afternoon, while I am talking to Feshert about nothing lying in the bed, papa comes in accompanying with a man and a woman two people.
It looks like that the man experiences more years than my father, he reaches out his hand to stop Festert who is going to say something. He comes over to hold my hands and ask me, “You are that Kone?”
“Yes, that’s right. Uncle, I’m Kone.” my eyes almost just stop on that female. Even though she wears sumptuously, her temperament is very elegant and in good taste, but I can feel even more warms from the maternity that she shows from the moves.
“Don’t call him uncle!” my father is a little bit anxious, he lowers his body and puts his mouth close to my ear, “you need to call him Your Majesty! Your Majesty Krimer Harmer!”
“Ah!? Your… Majesty?”
“No need to do that at home, Vassel.” Your Majesty Krimer laughs and says, “that’s alright to call me uncle, this is your auntie Nashall.”
“Thank you for saving Feshert.” queen Nashall pulls Feshert’s ear after she speaks to me, “how old are you? You dare to kill dragon in this young age?”
Hey hey… It seems like that the maternity has the side of violence too.
“It’s fortunately that we didn’t tight your son up to the pole and burn him to death in the first place.” Your Majesty laughs to speak to my father, “otherwise, who is going to save Feshert now?”
“Ha ha ha…” my father laughs and answers, “didn’t Your Majesty settle everything up?”
“Didn’t my friend do the same thing?” Your Majesty walks closer to my father, “it’s heard that the Viceroy of the Dark Moon City never bribe anyone, but he offered the great priest five thousand gold coins just in that time.”
“Let’s don’t talk about this anymore.” my father begins to laugh bitterly, “it makes me poor for these many years.”
……
Finally we see the Majesty Krimer family them three people out, my father talks to me the past about the Majesty Krimer and him. It turns out to be that the Majesty Krimer and my father are good friends since they were little, even though my father is a civilian post, but he solves a lot of problems for the Majesty with his intelligence, he governs the most not tranquil Dark Moon City for the Majesty Krimer in the past years.
“But, Papa.” I say, “the Dark Moon City is very tranquil fundamentally!”
“You thought so! Nevertheless, if it’s not for your father, me, work hard for almost twenty years to make it so!”
“Heh heh… Maybe you are right!”
“But, the days like these can’t last for any much longer.” my father pads on my shoulder.
“Why?”
“These are not the things that you suppose to worry about. I have already made up my mind, you’ll go to uncle Webber and uncle Turnasi there to study after you get well. Hairt and Feline them will go with you, Wensly and Mogardi them need to go home as well.”
“It doesn’t matter where I am going to, but why do we need to send Wensly them home?”
“You little silly boy, Wensly them need to go home to study their own races’ cultures and special skills!”
“Oh, it’s like this…” it looks like that separation is unavoidable.
“Don’t be so sad!” my father consoles me, “you’ll still going to meet them again! When the time comes, Waldi them will be very strong, Wensly and Wilsa will be more beautiful as well…”
“Beautiful or not, what’s the big deal… why does papa you laugh so stealthy?”
“……”
I try taking a walk in the garden, although I do it with difficulty, I still feel that is not bad. I breathe the air which has slightly fragrance of flowers, I raise my head and take a look at the sky of the night. I walk to the lakeside which is behind the garden, I take a rest for a bit, and then I walk back, the practice of the day is over!
I walk around a small corner and see a slender sight of somebody, she sits on a big rock by the lakeside, she holds her knees with her both hands, her four transparent wings move slightly in the wind, her long hair reflects the deep leisurely blue color under the moon light…
“Wensly, what are you thinking?” I walk to her.
“Kone,” Wensly says, “I am leaving to go home soon.”
“I know, my father told me.”
“My mom wrote me that she miss me very much, Wensly misses my mama too.”
“Don’t worry.” I sit by Wensly’s side and hold her hand, “I am pretty sure that we are going to meet again very soon.”
“You know?” Wensly holds her chin with her another hand, she doesn’t answer me, she just says in a low voice, “when I was little, my mom didn’t have any time to accompany with me. most of the time, I just sit by the lakeside and look at the water all by myself. I watch the water changing colors under the moonlight, from light blue to deep blue, from deep blue to lake blue… When the gently breeze blows through, the water of the lake will reflects bits and bits of the silver lights, it feels like that it is so unreal… Sometimes, there will be sprinkles, the drops of rain will wave up some ripples, they squeeze each other… And then disappear slowly…”
“Wensly…”
“I like the songs that you teach me.” Wensly looks at me into my eyes, “is it alright that I sing it once for you?”
In the garden, in the light blue moonlight and by the crystal clean lake, Wensly sings for me for the first time.
Just like the drizzles.
Spill deep into my heart.
That feeling is so mysterious.
I can’t help to raise my head to look at you.
But you don’t show any traces.
Even we don’t talk to each other.
It still makes me unforgettable.
That’s the eyesight, it’s so clear and beautiful…
............
In Wensly’s ditty in low voice, my emotion tidal surges up. Wensly, do I still have the chance to accompany with you to look at the water of the lake again…


3

“These are two Ice Tear rocks.” Wensly unties my necklace, she put two blue rocks onto it with her dexterous hands, and then hands it back to me, “they don’t have any other usages, they just have great color.”
“Wow! What great looking rocks.” Wilsa shakes Wensly’s hands, “I want some too!”
“I don’t have more left.” Wensly talks to her, “sister, I just have two rocks totally.”
“I don’t care! I don’t want to go home if sister Wensly doesn’t give me any.”
Wensly looks at me with her sorry eyes, I have a wry smile and take the necklace down once again.
“Brother I give you all.”
“Heh heh.” Wilsa smiles and says, “I just want one! You can keep another one!”
“That’s more like it!” I get my head over and talk to Wilsa by her ear, “then thank you very much!”
Because I try hard sedulously, it is not that sad for our separation. But watching the carriage that carrying them away further and further, I still feel that I miss something in my heart…
Five days later, my father receives a letter from the Royal Institute. My father hands it to me after he reads it.
Under the afternoon sunlight from outside of the window, I read the words like this…
To sir Vassel Cada
How are you 
The police department of the saint Capital has finished all the investigation, they noticed us all the results. For the set-to affair on the Saint Capital Altar that your son, Sir Kone Cada, participated in, we made the decision like this.
We believe Sir that you have known the whole event, the responsibility of causing the even is surely not on your son.
But the conduct that Your childe had severely violates the original demeanor and accomplishment that a noble should have. Including kicking the private part, sticking in the eyes to cause death, these behaves can not be accepted by all the upper classes.
We Institute believes, Your childe does not have the excellent conduct, nor have the conscience as being a noble.
We Institute believe, Your childe, Kone Cada, does not suitable to have the education in our institute any more.
We Institute made the decision, Your childe, Kone Cada, is dismissed from our institute. 
Because Your childe is serious injured, we Institute will no more make a supplementary punishment.
We Institute feel deeply sorry for this event, hope Sir you can restrain your grief.
-----Royal Saint Capital Institute
"What do you think?" my father asks me with his back turning at me.
"Ha ha," I laugh and throw the letter out of the window, "what else good to be thought about? We make a clean break, we don't owe each other!"
"Great! I Vassel Cada's son still can succeed without the education from the Royal Institute!" my father praises me, "tomorrow, you depart with your friends, you kids go to uncle Webber and uncle Turnasi there!"
“Papa, are you going to go with us?”
“What does papa go to there for?” my father says, “papa needs to go back to the Dark Moon City right away. Kone, you must remember, papa doesn’t ask you for anything. No matter the fighting skills, or the magic, I just want you to do whatever you can do. You those two uncles watch you growing up since you were born, maybe they don’t have the good temperaments, but they surely will take good care of you.”
In the mountains one hundred miles away from the saint Capital, I , the soonest dismissed student by the Royal institute in history, begin the real study with my brothers.
This time, it is totally different from before. These two teacher are extremely strict, and their temperaments are unusually weird.
Turnasi, one of my father’s best friends, is a very excellent warrior. He is proficient in fighting skills. He always asks us to fight him together with the real swords and real spears, but it is always us falling on the ground at the end with the wounds all over the bodies, it scares the sisters Lolas who heals for us screaming all the time.
Half day learning the fighting skills every day, he beats up us wounds all over the bodies. And then it is the battle skills after the short term healing, he scolds us whenever he can catch the chance.
“Make no effort to seek progress, drift along aimlessly!” that is the slang of Turnasi. Three yells a day, three days a scolding, the saliva is spitted on our faces, and he does not allow us to wipe it off…
The magician Webber always puts on a solemn face, he has the inert eyesight if he does not use the magic, it seems like that he cares about nothing in this world, it can not make him breath a little bit heavier even the sky falls on him. When he turns his slightly lower head and looks at us, mostly our circumstances will be not that great…
Jack and Marf are still can barely catching up to learn, the rest of us just purely practice the ability of anti-attack of magic… Like we standing on the lower ground as target to let Jack and Marf to attack, like letting Turnasi to beat us up to explain live magic relieves to Lola sisters … Those are all this guy’s ideas.
To put in a fair word, this kind of education is very suitable for my and my those brothers’ tastes, everyone is making great progress.
Hairt and Moah can swing the heavy swords agilely and briskly now, they can talk the battle skills up clearly and logically. Lola sisters' magic are prospering with each passing day, they reach the level of magician unexpectedly!
And my body is recovering back to normalas well, I don’t need to practice too many fighting skills, I have the magic power now, it costs me some time to merge the memories of my two lives. I put all myself into the reform of my brothers, I become their third teacher.
In nearly a year, I train and practice with the method of my former life’s memory, my figure changes a lot, I have the stronger and stronger build. Even I still can not beat down Turnasi, but I have the progress far exceed over my brothers.
The only problem is the magic, the abnormal phenomenon shows up after I learned most of the third grade magic, no matter how I try, my magic power just like the chaste teen girl cherishes the first kiss, it can not increase any more.
I have no choice, I put away some time to discuss this thing with uncle Turnasi and uncle Webber before my birthday comes.
“What’s wrong with it after all?” uncle Webber shuts his eyes, “how could things like this happened?” 
“No need to take to heart so much.” I laugh, “don’t I have the third grade magic now? It’s much better than before.”
“From you condition to say, it should not happen on you like this!” uncle Webber stares at me, “furthermore, what the hell a third grade magic can be used for?!”
“My body is like this now, what else can I do?” I say, “even the third grade magic doesn’t have great usage, I still have other skills.”
“Your fighting skills are not that bad.” uncle Turnasi catches my words, “But what we talk about is magic right now!”
“I don’t know how to explain to you.” I scratch my head, “let me just show you how it is!”
I take a deep breath slowly, reach out my palm and put it onto uncle Webber’s chest… “Ahh! Hot!” uncle Webber jumps up, the light shines in his eyes, “that is this??”
“Huh huh, how do you think? Is it alright?”
“Webber, what happens to you? Is it a fire magic?”
“No… No… It definitely is not. Kone, what is it?”
I smile and write a word on the stone table with my index finger.
“Qigong?” Uncle Turnasi mumble to himself, “what it used for?”
“My two uncles.” I talk to them earnestly, “please forgive me that I never tell you all about this, this is a kind of way to control the body with breath and… or you can call it deep thinking. It can let us conveniently to use the power that even we ourselves don’t understand in our bodies. If uncle Turnasi wants to  know its power, we can take a test.”
We come to the practice range, I do not take any notices of my brothers’ astounded eyes, I speak to uncle Turnasi, “uncle Turnasi, today I’m going to use another kind of fighting skill. To you, this kind of fighting skill is unfamiliar, it can be rigidity, it can be gentle too, but both can bring out the great harms.”
After he heard what I said, uncle Turnasi shows his great interest, he looks at me just like a kid looking at a new toy, “really? Then let’s go start it!”
I walk to a wood pole which is used for practicing sword. I hold my right hand tightly and hit on the top of the pole with my fist.
The wood pole breaks out a “bang” crack sound, it is broken into pieces and flying to everywhere from the top to bottom…
“This is rigidity.” I say.
Then I bring out a water bag made from leather, I ask Marf to fill it up with water and hold it up with hand. I swing my hand slightly at it, it does not make any loud sounds, the front of the bag where it is hit is excellent without any damage, but the back of the bag is broken open a hole, the water splashes out in jet speed…
“Is this gentle?” uncle Turnasi asks me.
I nod my head at him.
“According to what we saw, it obviously is a kind of useful fighting skill.” uncle Webber says, “we need to sit down and do some studies about this.”
After several days study, we all make a final decision, that is --- I can graduate now.
“What you are missing is a weapon suitable for you and some experiences.” they talk to me like this, “rather to let you waste your time here, better to let you to go out to have some experience and toughening.”
“Which direction should I go?”
“Go to your dwarf friend there first, go find a suitable weapon for yourself over there.” uncle Turnasi says.
“And then go to the spirit race there, go there to experience the spirit of Magic.”
“Let’s forget about it, I just have the third grade magic.”
“You stupid-head!” uncle Webber Knuckles on my head, “even the first grade magic has the usage which nothing can be substituted for!”
“I see! I see!” I don’t want to have the knuckles all over my head.
…………
After my birthday, I will say goodbye to everyone, I will leave in a gray magician gown.  Besides several clothes for change, I don’t get anything else from my two uncles. Oh, right, there are two crystal contacts to cover my original back eyes, plus a bottle of dye that auntie Belltina asks somebody to bring to me for my hair…
The rest, just waiting for a good day to leave.


4

Feline dyes my hair carefully with a wood comb, Kelly fiddles those two blue crystal contacts, Jack and Hairt pack the venison into my travel bag.
“Boss, you bring this with you.” Jack puts a coin bag into my travel bag.
“Haven’t you saved the coins for a long time?” I ask him.
“It’s nothing. Anyway, the saving is for using…”
“If it is like this, it’s alright that I take some enough for myself. You can keep the rest for yourself.”
“Stop talking, be careful that I will dye on your face…” Feline should be a good wife when she grows up, Heh heh.
After I leave tons of words to them, especially I ask them to keep practicing hard, I am kicked out by my two teachers. Pull up the head-cover of the magician gown, I start my journey…
On the road, I dress up like a probation magician who is traveling to expand his knowledge, plus the crystal contacts cover my black eyes and the hair is dyed as well, I do not have any troubles. Besides my swelling legs and my sunken wallet, everything is so normal.
Stepping on the green grass, walking under the burning sun, and feeling the refreshment brought by the gentle breeze, I come to the place where the dwarves live.
This is a big valley close to the dark forest, there are villages spreading around in the valley. It is the time of high noon, the rising cooking smokes stimulate my stomach, they keep reminding me that I should put something into my mouth.
“Bo… Boss?” Waldi gets his eyes wide-opened, he swallows the food in his mouth difficultly, “how do you get to here？”
“Walk.” I take the food which is in front of him, I sit down and begin gobbling up, “how is everything for you?” 
“Not bad.” Waldi hands me a glass of water, “you alone? Why do you dye your hair?”
While I am having the food, I tell Waldi all the things that happened in the past one year. Of course, and the purpose why I come to here for.
“Our dwarf the weapons are the best!” Waldi thumps on his chest, “I guarantee that you can find the right stuffs in here!”
“Don’t be so complacent!” I drink down the whole glass of water, “your boss’s requirement is very special. Bur…b!”
“Hah hah, your way of having food does not have any change.” Waldi laughs, he pats on my back with his hand, “I will bring you to meet the best master of iron casting in our people after a while!”
I walk shoulder to shoulder with Waldi to a lakeside which is deep into the valley. There are a stretch of houses built by the lake in front of us, this is the place where the masters of iron casting work at. On the way to here, there are dwarves hailing Waldi heartily.
“Oh, Waldi,” I ask, “are your dwarves’ tempers all very irritable?”
“This is all the misapprehended.” Waldi takes a look at me. “We dwarves are very straight forward to regard things. To us, right is right, wrong is wrong, there is no third possibility. Everything is regular by the thing what it shows itself, we don’t chase any abstract things. Rather than arguing, we will have a fight instead, that way we can save time to do other things.”
“Not bad, come back here for a year.” I laugh and say, ”you have already learned a lot of things.”
We walk into the biggest room right at the middle, Waldi begins to show me all kinds of the weapons.
I try to pick in the weapons which can make people seeing things in a blur. but I feel very disappointed.
“If it’s not too long, it will be too short or too light.” I smile bitterly to Waldi, “please bring me to meet your master of iron casting!”
“Alright, come this way.”
Just right get into the door, a hot and moisture flavor comes right at our faces. In the “ding ding dong dong” striking sounds, Waldi yells to a dwarf who has the upper body bared.
“Master,” Waldi points at me, “this is my boss, he has something to talk to you.”
The hammer in the master’s hand keeps repeating the striking movements, he does not even turn around to take a look at me.
“What, say!”
I walk to him, I can see the sweats running down on his face which is full of black speckles, he has the pieces of strong muscles all over his body… He is really a pure man.
“I want to have a weapon.” I say.
“There are a lot of them out there.” he still doesn’t take a look at me, “you can go there to pick whatever you like.”
“I said,” I raise my voice, “I want to have a weapon.”
“There are a lot out there!”
“Those should not be called the weapons, they just should be called the tools.”
With “Dang” the sound, the master throws down the hammer which was in his hand, he raises his head and looks at me, “let’s go out to have a talk.”
Just right walking out of the door, the master turns suddenly and swings his fist at me!
Even I want to stay peace with him, but the present circumstance does not allow me to do so. It is not fun that getting hit by him, I know that I just look at his muscle. And it looks like that Waldi does not want to stop the master.
“Is it enough for you?” this is the seventh time that the master is thrown down onto the ground by me, my height and the strange to him martial art let me get all the advantages, “you will never win no matter how you fight against me.”
Maybe he notices this result now, the master does not lunge at me any more.
“You say! You say!” the master begins to breathe heavily, “how come are those just the tools?”
“After all, you are talking about this?” I find a place to sit down, “I thought that this is the special way you guys to treat guests.”
“You tell me clearly!”
“Alright, that’s not a problem.” I speak to him, “what’s called weapon? Weapon should be the thing that can raise the user’s ability to the highest level.”
“These things out there can do so!”
“Maybe they can do so to other people, but not to me. To me, your stuffs out there just can raise my harms to a certain level, but it is way far from the maximum level.”
“So what do you want?”
“I want to ask you to make a weapon which is right for me to use! Of cause, its form maybe is rare for you.”
“If you can think of it, I can make it out for you!” the master speaks angrily, “but if you want to fool me with something in a mess, you’re looking for the wrong guy!”
“How could I do so?” I lower my body, pick up a branch and begin to draw on the ground…
“The sword handle is long, you must hold the handle with both hands… but the sword blade is only two inches wide… look what your tip of the sword looks like… Mmm? Your this kind of sword tip… Could it be said that your sword is the single blade sword?” The master’s eyes are moving after the branch, he keeps speaking out his own views.
“It’s all like this!” I point at the draft on the ground, “it surely is a single blade!”
“This kind of weapon? Can you tell me the reason why it is like this?”
“Because it is single blade, we can thicken its another side, there will be no problem even hack against the two-hand heavy sword. And its body is very light, no matter hacking, pricking, or blocking, it can be more flexible and quicker! I can use less power as well.”
“Then what is this line for?”
“Blood groove!”
“What’s that?”
“Because the blade of this weapon is not that wide, the wound that it pricks into the enemy’s body will be not that big neither. So we need a blood groove like this to speed up the enemy to lose blood. And also because of this blood groove, it makes the user easier to draw the sword out of the enemy’s body…”
“What kind of material is the best to make it?”
“The best one is the metal with the better tenacity.”
“The better tenacity metal?” according to the master’s attitude that he deals seriously with it, he has accepted my design, “I have some black iron left here, but it’s not enough!”
“How much you have?” Waldi asks, “can we add some other normal metals?”
“You come to do this!” the master scolds Waldi with bad temper, “it’s black iron! You tell me how to mix it into other metals!”
“Why can’t it be mixed with others?” Waldi is not convinced.
“I said that you are a stupid head long time ago, the characters two kinds of metals are different, the temperatures for them to melt down and solidify are different as well. Even they solidify, their volume are different too! You try to mix them together for me!”
“You are the expert for these.” I reach my hand out to stop Waldi and speak to the master, “can you tell me where we can collect it?”
“Boss, don’t tell me that you want to collect it by yourself.” Waldi says, “it’s very difficult!”
“Stop any nonsense, just bring me to there!”
“……”
“It’s this,” Waldi hammers on a white big rock, “the black iron ore is right inside of this kind of rock.”
“Shit!” I look at the condition that the dwarves around me use the tools to work, my heart gets half cold… The white stone is too tough, a hammer striking on it with all the strength just leaves a tiny white spot on it.
“If it is like this,” Waldi sits down dejectedly and despondently, “I don’t know when we can collect enough materials to make a sword!”
A dwarf finally cracks open a white stone, several small black ores fall out from it.
“Is this the black iron ore?” I pick up one piece to ask Waldi.
“Yes.” Waldi replies, “it still needs to be smelted, and then we can get the black iron!”
I walk to the white stone, I watch the cracks on it carefully. Suddenly, I think of a very simple way!
“Waldi, I have an idea, I have the idea!”
Watching the dwarves to dig hard some holes and pour in the water. Waldi asks me, “boss, are you sure that your way will work?”
“Relax! It surely will work!”
I order the dwarfs to put a big white rock onto the ground, and burn some fires around it… When the white rock is burned to almost red, I tell the dwarves to push the rock into the hole. After some white-smoke like steams rise up, the white rock cracks down!
“Hah hah haha!” Waldi looks at the pieces of the black iron ores and laughs exaggeratedly, “boss, you’re really amazing!”
“It’s amazing just only like this way?” I slap his head, “do you still have any ideals? Hurry up, we will go to see the master again once we collect enough ores!”


5

Taking the black iron out of the burning hot smelting furnace, I began to study with the master together…
After we have the new colleting way, it is no more a problem where the source of the black iron ore comes from. As a gift for thanking me, the master decides to make me the best black iron sword.
From the smelting up, the waste of the materials and the input of manpower are astonishing. To make my own weapon as perfect as it can be, I take participate in the whole procedure. I give all kind of the suggestions, the master makes some modifications according to his saved experience from those many years, the embryo of the sword is formed slowly.
I bring the “Lapping” forward after I consult the making of the Japanese knight knife, after I explain everything clearly to the master with a whole night, the master smelts the embryo of the sword which is already formed unexpectedly.
“I need to make a best one!” He speaks to me like this, “your lapping way is a good idea, the sword made by this way is very sharp, but the tenacity absolutely can’t match your requirement.”
“Then what should we do?” I ask, besides this way that I read on the magazine in the former life, I do not have any other great ideas with me.
“Rest your heart! I have a good idea!”
A month later, under the master’s hard work that he even forgets to eat or sleep, my sword is finally finished!
“You look!” I watch the master takes out my sword from a kind of white solution, “I have finished this with my final touch!”
I take over the sword with my both hands, look at the whole black long sword, my heart is filled with all kind of feelings…
“I lap the sword more than ten thousands times with your lapping way!” the master has the fanaticism in his eyes, “in the final time, I put in the spiral way that I just think of to make it. In this way, the sword is not only sharp but fully tenacity!”
“Spiral?”
“That’s right! The spiral way makes the lapping sword body to have the tiny spiral curves. In this way, the tenacity will reach the extreme point. It absolutely can take the advantage in the hard hackings! As what you told, I add some small teeth on the back of the sward. I make some adjustments on the blood grooves as well.”
I stroke on the sword body slightly, I feel that the blood in my body can’t help burning…This is my sword!
“Thank you, Master,” I say, “it is only you who can make a sword like this.”
“No need to self-effacing, Hah hah,” the master looks at me, “this weapon should not be called sword. Can you tell me what is supposed to be called?”
“I knew that I can’t fool you!” I scratch my head embarrassed, “it should be called mountain knife, Germen mountain knife.”
“Mountain knife?”
“Yes, it looks like that there will be one more product added to master your weapon list?” it is so not careful, I even speak German out. I change to another topic immediately.
“Huh huh, that’s right.” it seems like that master does not care about too much, “that the output of the black iron is no more a problem now. We can have more hands to make the weapons. As a matter of fact, the design of your this weapon is very good.”
How can it be not very good? This style of mountain knife even looks like very simple, but its every line and change are full of German people workers’ intelligence and inspiration, in my former life, this is the standard equipment for the special troops.
“This I give you privately myself.” the master hands me a dagger, “they are the same style!”
“Thank you very much!” I take it over, “I still have something to trouble you.”
“What it is, just tell me.”
“Please make some more swords for me.”
“Make… some more?” the master’s eyes becomes inert, he sits on the ground, “I will lose my life if I keep working like this…”
“You misunderstand what I said.” I pull the master up in a hurry, “just the simple ones! Just the simple ones!”
……
I wrap the nitrated fish skin on the sword’s handle, tie it up with silver threads. The fish is angled from the lake around, its meat is very tough to eat, but its skin is very suitable to put on the handle. It is not only beautiful, but sweat-absorbable and anti-slipped as well.
“Boss,” Waldi has the envy on his face, “you are very fierce! It seems like that you know everything.”
“Have you finished watching what I am doing?” I say, “have you finished the drawing of the map to the spirit there?”
“I have!” Waldi takes out the map, “but I don’t know how to wrap this thing no matter how I watch!”
“I will teach you this after I come back from Wensly there.” I gather the map and put it up, “I don’t have too much time left, I have to hurry back to the Saint Capital before my next birthday.”
“Why?”
“I will be sixteen on next birthday.” I reply, “I will be conferred a title and territory as a noble. I don’t know where Your Majesty Krimer will confer upon me.”
“It will be the best that they confer us this land upon you.” Waldi laughs and says, “then we don’t need to pay the tax.”
“Dream about it!” I tie the dagger around my leg, “I am leaving!”
……
Actually, it is not that far to go to the place where the elves live, but it takes me more than ten days to walk to there! It is not because I am lazy, that is because Waldi that stupid-head draws the map wrong direction…
“Finally I am here…” I lie down on the grass and breath heavily and deeply, “Damn Waldi! See how I will take good care of you when I get back there.”
“Don’t move! Human!”
I turn around and take a look, several male spirits circle around me, they get ready to set off the magic!
“Wait!” I jump up, “I am here to look for somebody!”
“We elves don’t contact with humans.” one of the elves says, “you’re lying!”
“I don’t lie!” under the menace of the force, I raise my both hands high in the air, “I’m here looking for Wensly!”
“Wensly?” the spirit keeps saying, “we do have several here!”
“It’s the Wensly one who just got back here not long ago!”
“Who are you? Tell your name.”
“Kone Cada.”
“You’re lying! Kone Cada has the black eyes!”
I have no choice but to take down the crystal contacts from my eyes…
I always think that the place where the elves live must be very peculiar, but after Wensly takes me to tour around for a while, I know the reality has a big difference from my thought.
The elves build the tree houses connected each other with the vine ladders, they don’t have too many decorations on, but they match with the environment to a perfect harmony. It looks very gentle, this match very well with spirit that no desire character.
It looks like that Wensly is very happy, she talks a lot to me on the way…
“That’s my home in front.” Wensly points at a very huge tree house and says, “my Mom is at home.”
“This?” I ask her, “it’s much bigger than the rest!”
“That’s because the elders of our people will often have the meetings with my Mom right here.”
“Have meetings with auntie?” I don’t understand, “so your Mom is an elder too?”
“No!” Wensly smiles and says, “she… is… the queen.”
“The Queen?! Then Wensly you… are… the princess?”
“Can’t I be?” Wensly flies into the sky, “don’t I look like one?”
“Mmm… Headache…” when I think about that I live with the princess of elves for several years, but I still don’t know her identity, I feel that I am kind of losing face, “then Waldi them…”
   “Waldi is the son of the dwarfs’ leader! And Wen them are all the same…”
“What… Damn… You guys are all the wolves in the sheep skins! Watch my punishment!” I reach my claws out to chase Wensly. Wensly turns around and flies away.
“Ai-yo-ai-wei!” it is not that easy for me to catch the flying around Wensly finally, but I don’t pay attention to my steps, I fall down in front of the tree house door.
"Mama, Kone comes to visit us!" Wensly shakes off my hand, she flies to the side of auntie spirit and says.
“Oh, it’s Kone.” auntie is still that pretty, “let me take a look, do you harm yourself anywhere?”
“Mmm, nothing, nothing.” I say embarrassed, I keep shaking my head to let the auntie’s hand off my head. Even though I am not an adult according to the body, but there is no other teen can match up with me in mentality. Even like this pretty auntie spirit, I am still no willing to let her to pat on my head, “how are you, auntie?”
“Huh huh,” Auntie smile slightly, “it looks like that our Kone is growing up!”
“Heh heh…” I have a smirk.
“Then you go to have a meal with Wensly first, auntie still has something else to do now.” auntie says, “auntie will come to talk to you tonight.”
……
“Can’t make any more progress after reach the third grade?” auntie asks me after she gives my body a check, “how do you feel about yourself?”
“Mmm… there’s no problem at all to use the third grade magic.” I recall and say, “but the magic power can’t increase no more, thus I can’t use any forth grade magic.”
“Is it fluent to use the third grade magic?”
“Very fluent!” I nodded my head, “I can keep setting off several fire balls in a row!”
“It’s like this,” auntie bends her brows, “can you let auntie to think it over?”
“That’s alright!” I say, “I’m not in a hurry at all.”
After I see auntie off, I walk down the tree house. Well, it’s not that bad to take a walk.
“What are you doing?” I don’t know where Wensly comes from, “if you have nothing else to do, I will bring you to go to see my babes!”
“That will be great!” anyway, I am not occupied and have nothing else to do now.
Wensly brings me to a small lakeside, she is pleased with herself.
“Is this the lake that you looked at when you were little?” I ask.
“No just that!” Wensly speak in a hurry, “can you wait for a little bit longer?”
I lie down on the grass by the lakeside, I look at the sky of the summer night, “what else are you going to show me?”
“You look, this is it!”
In the summer night, the blinking stars hang on the sky, the fireflies shake their glowing bodies flying out of the grass one by one. From the sky to the ground, the growing lights are everywhere.
“Shh…” Wensly puts a finger in front of her lips, the lights shine in her eyes, she sits down by my side slowly, “don’t make any noise to bother them.”
I can’t deny that this scene is really beautiful, but the more attractive thing to me is that the expression Wensly has right now. Over here, the light sadness is no more shown in her eyes, what she has right now is only the happiness and the joyance.
“Do you still remember what my name means for?” Wensly asks me in a low voice.
“I remember,” I answer her, “it’s the little things flying around now.”
“No taste, this is firefly! They are my friends too.”
“I know.”
“What do you know? Black-eye idiot.”
“I know,” I say, “the fireflies are your friends, the lake is your friend, the stars and the moon in the sky are your friends, and the now slowly blow-pass wind is your friend too.”
“…...”
Looking at Wensly’s astonished expression, I suddenly find out, she… is very beautiful.
“Teach you a song, do you want to learn?”
“Great! What song it is?”
“…The dark sky curtains down.
The shining stars accompany.
Bug’s flying, Bug’s flying.
Who do you think of.
The stars in the sky tear.
The roses on the ground wilt.
Cold wind blows, cold wind blows.
Just want you to be my side.
Bug’s flying. Flowers’ sleeping.
It’ll be great to be a pair and a pair.
Don't be afraid of the darkness.
Don't be afraid of the heart-broken.
Don’t care tiredness or not.
Don’t care which direction…”
Wensly sings the song that she just learned in a low voice, she puts her head on my shoulder and falls into sleep sweetly…


6

"I think, it's your own body to cause the current situation like this," Auntie spirit speaks to me , "maybe you can't pass this obstacle for life."
"That means," I look at auntie, "I can't use any forth grade or over magic for life?"
"It's just like it that way," auntie says, "it's not a good news for you, I hope that you can face that."
"That's not a problem." I laugh and scratch my head, "compared with that I can't use any magic before, it's already much better like this."
"It's great to see that you can figure it out." auntie smiles, "now we should think about some ways to solve the problems like this."
"You mean... I still can have other ways?"
"Yes, maybe it's still a bit too early for you," auntie says, "but auntie still hopes that you can make some progresses."
"What kind of ways?"
Auntie brings out a yellow brochure, she put it into my hands solemnly. I don't know any words on the brochure.
"What's this? Auntie?"
"This is our elf's every clan elder's handwritings of magic. There are no profound magic in it." Auntie says, "but every clan elder writes down her knowledge and understanding about the magic in it, it covers from the first grade to the top grade magic."
"Then, this ... This must... Be..."
"Yes. This is the Brochure of the Elves Handwriting."
"But... This is the elves' treasure." I speak difficultly, "why can I learn from it?"
"This is not the idea all by my own." Auntie's eyes are bright and gentle, "it's a decision made by all the elders, you don't need to think anything else now, just read this brochure well!"
"But I don't know any of these words!"
"Wensly can help you for that."
I sit by the lakeside with Wensly, Wensly holds the brochure in her hands, she reads aloud word by word to me. 
"What kind of written language it is?" I ask, "how come I don't know any of it at all?"
"Do you really want to know? Heh heh."
"Yes. I want to know."
"Hey hey, I don't tell you. I... Just... Don't... Tell... You!!"
"Huh! You fool me?" I pretend to be ferocious and ruthless.
"Alright, alright. Let me tell you!" Wensly is made to laugh by my appearance, “do you know that the female has the very rank in the elves?"
"I know about this."
"Because every clan elder is a female, thus this brochure is written in Female Elf Writing."
"Female Elf Writing?" 
"Yes, it's a kind of writing by the females in the elves. Thus even this brochure is lost to the outside world, there will be nobody can understand what is on it."
"...... I know this now, you can start to read the first grade magic..."
Wensly reads it out to me, when we gets to the difficulties, she will stop and study with me, she will show me the example anything I don't understand. She will look for auntie if she happen don't know, she will look for the elders if auntie is out... No mater what kind of magic, she will make sure that I totally understand.
Under their helps, I finally understand the magic's real principle. To a magician, he doesn't release the magic by his own power. If doing so, even a great magician can not hold too much longer. 
The point to release the magic is to set off the existed magic elements around with the own magic power. For example, to release a fire class magic, you must make sure that you have enough fire elements around you. And then you need to make a decision what shape you're going to use, a fire ball or a fire wall. Finally you have to gather them with the existed magic power as the tinder, and give it the control. The more complex shape of the magic, the higher requirement for the magician's magic power.
My magic power is far not enough, to use the forth grade magic is totally out of my reach. Thus the elves elders strengthen my magic exercises under the forth grade, it kind of makes me remember the days when I lived with uncle Webber. No, it's even on top of that. But another side, because I have so many pretty "Aunties" to exercise with me, thus... my progress is seen by everyone.
First, the combination of my magic and fighting skill reach to a very harmonious degree. I can hack the knife down with my right hand and release the magic with my left hand at the same time. And then, influenced by the flexible battle skills and wide range physics knowledge of my former life, there is nobody can reach me on the magic release and the defense flexibility. 
Talk about the flexibility, in this world, the rank of the rules and the authorities is to high. Once somebody makes the rule, the others will only follow, they just want to work hard, work hard, work hard to go after. Every one wants to climb to the top. But nobody wants to think whether the rule is right, whether it fits himself. Don't even talk about to surpass it. Like many modern countries, they do no dare to break the frames, the result? They got passed by the countries behind them. 
No matter in the elementary, the high school, or the army... the education that I had in the former life was dare to progress, dare to doubt and dare to surpass! Don't trust the authority, that's the obstacle for the development! No development, there will be no progress. No progress, well, you will get insulted, bullied and oppressed.
There are so many people to excise with me, there are so many full and accurate data for me to study right now, I don't have any reason not to throw all myself into it...
Without any notice, the weather is changing slowly, the clothes are getting thicker...
"Kone, take a break." Wensly wipes the sweat off from my head.
I stick the knife onto the ground and drink the water in big gulp.
"Mama said," Wensly says, "your father has a letter."
"What did he say?" I breath deeply, I exercised with the elf's archers for almost an hour, I feel so great!
"He said," Wensly points her finger on my forehead, "it's time for you to go home."
"Well?" I wrinkle my eyebrows, "this soon?"
"Soon? It's almost spring now!"
"Oh, right! That's right, huh huh."
"I think, when you get back to them now, they will not believe their eyes for what they see ."
"Why?"
"Don't you know yourself? Hey hey," Wensly's smile is like a blossoming flower, “you are getting stronger and taller.”
"Mmm, then," I walk closer and speak to her ear, "it shouldn't be a problem to snatch Wensly away?"
“What  are you talking about?" Wensly gets her face blushed, "did you drink?"
This period of time lately, my former life's character and behavior are showing more and more obviously. Maybe it is the instinct, I always have some jokes with Wensly, and Wensly after get her face blushed many times, the words which she just said are what she thought of to deal with me.
"Seeing you getting more and more beautiful, I have the feeling of peril full of my heart." I said, “shouldn't I go to ask auntie to let you…”
"You do drink too much!" Wensly has a jump, she pushes me behind my back, "my mom asks you to go to her there!"
"Yeah!" I laugh loudly, "it seems like that this is a good chance!"
"If you dare to say some nonsense in my mom there," Wensly says, "I will not play with you any more..."
After a long talk with auntie, I know the most updated situations outside of here now. The Saint capital adds up the consecrations in every county, normally it is the three times. This kind of appearance only has one explanation, that is the Saint Temple which we have our believes in is planning and organizing, they are going to get ready for a war.
"Thus, it's very important for you to have the title and fiefdom this time." auntie says, "within the Empire right now, there are not that many right land to confer you. This time you go to the Saint Capital, you must fight for a territory that it's better, bigger, and far away from the battlefield."
"But will Your Majesty confer me a land like that?" I ask, "my two brothers' territories are very small."
"There is no one can match the trust that Your Majesty put on your family. In the month of your birthday, there are only two men conferred. If you try hard and succeed, you'll get this land right." auntie points her finger on a map, "it's between the Dark Forest and the Death Sea, you can see the Dark Moon city right from there! Do you know what all these mean?"
"That means," I raise my head and look at her, "my fiefdom will connect with my father's as a whole!"
"That's right!" auntie looks at me with praising sight, "if it is successful, not only our elves, but the wing-men, the dwarves, the sand-men, the blood-sucking vampires and other races who live in here can avoid to get into the war!"
"It's like this?" I ask auntie, "who is the another guy going to be conferred with me at the same time?"
"Your father says," auntie pauses a bit, "your old friend, the Prime Minister's second miss Lisa's cousin, Ricard!"
"Has he gotten his leg well?" I have my heart sour for a moment, "why must this guy be always fighting for something with me?"
"I heard that he graduated from the Royal Institute with a very excellent score." auntie speaks to me with a serious expression, "you must be very careful!"
"I know... I know..." I stand up, my hands can't help grasping the window tightly, my eyes stare at the sunset outside of the window, "I know..."
I am speaking some meaningless words, when I look down, I find that Wensly is hiding under the window to listen to us.
I have my mouth wide open and look at Wensly, Wensly looks back at me stunned, and then I hear the sound "whoosh", Wensly runs away...
…………
I dress up and get ready to go!!
I look at Wensly and smile, Wensly put on a solemn face and not deal with me.
"Auntie!" I speak to auntie spirit, "I'm leaving now."
"Be careful on the road!" auntie says, "let Wensly see you off, that will be not that great to get lost again."
Wensly pouts her lips, she is a bit unwilling to walk in front of me, I have the great pleasure in my heart. When I think of her expression like a kitty when she was under the window, I just want to laugh.
"It's all your fault." Wensly turns back and speaks to me, "you made me to get caught!"
"Hey hey!"
"What are you laughing at?"
"Don't try to beat me up!" I try hard to hold my laugh back, "who let you to go listening under the window?"
"You!" Wensly turns back and not speaks any more.
"That's the exit in front there, you can walk back right from there!"
"Don't get angry!" I stand by Wensly and say, "you look, the Ice Tear stone that you gave to me is always hung on my necklace."
Holding the Ice Tear stone which still has my body temperature on, Wensly finally shows some smiles on her face.
"Hmm," she says, "if you dare to lose it... You will be very miserable..."
"I know!" I hold Wensly's hands up, "right at this moment, don't you have anything else want to say to me?"
"Yes!" Wensly has some foxy lights in her eyes, "take good care of yourself!"


7

After I gave a good lesson to Waldi, I bring a pile of weapons which are made by the master with me on my way home.
It's still not bad that Waldi this guy gets two horses for me, even they are not some great horses, I still can barely to use them. Think of the eyes when he hands the horses to me, I just want to laugh. Fool me? It will be unbelievable if I don't show the true color of his boss to him!
It is so great to meet my brothers who I haven't seen for a long time, even I get asked tons of questions when we meet again.
When they see the black swords that I bring back for them, all of them begin to yell and scream.
"Mew, mew..." Jack purrs like a cat, since when he gets this kind of problem? "Is this the real black iron?"
"Mmm..." uncle Turnasi holds up a two-hand sword and check on it very carefully, “it's a black iron sword!”
"Boy, Boy..." Marf blows a whistle, "I have a good weapon belongs to myself now."
"It looks like that you have some good gains this time." uncle Webber says, "how is your magic?"
"Magic?" I laugh, "I make some progresses!"
"Why are these several swords so magnificent?" Kelly looks up at me and asks. Almost a year not seeing, she and Feline are getting more and more beautiful, shining faces, fair skins, gook looks, and the figures... very hot...
"This one is for my father, these two are for Lef and Sefta!" I explain to them, "because they are used as the walking rapiers, thus we make them very magnificent. But all the materials are the same."
"Shua!" Hairt hacks the sword on a wood pole, the wood pole is split into two pieces. 
"It's so sharp!" Moah strokes on the sword blade, "boss, how is your one like?"
"Mine is the same." I have my sword held in my hand, "I will use it to fight a world belongs to myself!"
The Saint Capital's June is very hot, under the dazzling sunlight, nobody can gets his spirit up. In the ears are the annoying cicada sounds, feeling no winds blowing at all, my heart is in a fret.
We live in the place where your majesty Krimer arranged a month ago. Yesterday Feshert came to give me some encouragements, this guy has nothing changed on him at all, he is still the way not serious. But, I still feel very thankful for his coming.
"You must be very careful." Feshert says, "Ricard graduated from the Royal Institute as the first place student."
"Does he have any very special skills?" I ask, "Magic? Fighting skills?"
"Fighting skill! I watch that he showed it one time," Feshert plays the wine glass with the absence of mind, "he is very fierce!"
"Oh, right! I have something for you." I remember the sword that the master made for Feshert, "it's a good thing."
"I can't accept it." Feshert looks at my confused face, he smile and says, "I'm a prince, as a fact of that, I can't accept any gifts at the ordinary times. If you want to give me that, you can wait for the day when I am crowned!"
"Huh huh, that's alright!" I said, "but you don't expect that I will kneel down for you this stinky guy..."
"No kneel down?" Feshert smiles evilly, "be careful that I will pull all your hair off!"
"You can try it," I don't give a step back, "it's still not sure who will get his hair pulled off!"
"Let's talk about the competition that you will have against him tomorrow!" Feshert says, "in fact, I do have some worries."
"I don't worry. What's the worry used for?" I answer him, "I still have to face anything that I supposed to face!"
"You will be successful!" Feshert comes to me, "when you have your own fiefdom, let's make your dream come true together!"
"You go to get something ready for the celebration!" I push him away, "I definitely will succeed."
It's nothing wrong to say the words like these, but I don't have the absolute confidence that I can defeat Ricard. 
"Let it be!" I talk to myself, "everything has its own solution!"
In the noble formal attire, the rite walking rapier which is the master made for me with his heart is hung on my waist, I have neither humble nor pushy on my face. It's the first time I walk into the Palace behind my father.
The Palace is very huge, very beautiful, and very oppressive. 
"Sir Vassel Cada, please walk this way with your son." the Palace servant who leads us says.
My feet step into a hall which is decorated very luxury, I look up there, the walls are hung with the big oil paintings and decorations in golden and silver two colors, on the ground are the red carpets knitted with fine patterns, all of the things are put in a good order.
"Here comes Your Majesty!" the long tail tone from the Palace servant makes me annoyed. Especially I am on the carpet with my knees down.
"All," this is Your Majesty's voice, "get up!"
"Today is a good day," Your Majesty has the whole royal suites on, he looks very dignified in this kind of dress, "because our Empire will have two more new nobles today."
I have a step forward, I stick out my chest, and I do not take a look at the guy who stands next to me.
"Kone Cada!" I put my right hand on my left chest, "my regards to Your Majesty!"
"Good! Hah hah," Your Majesty laughs, "it looks like that you are in a good spirit! Have you learned the fighting skills?"
"Your Majesty! I did learn!" I answer loudly, "and not bad neither!"
"Good!" Your majesty stands up, "no wonder you are third son of the Dark Moon's viceroy. I hope that you never lose your father's face."
Your Majesty walks to me, he has the confer title in his hand.
I get down on my right knee, I pull the rapier out with my right hand, and hold it up right close to my face.
"I, under the name of Krimer Harmer, with the right given by the deity, name Kone Cada the title viscount." Your Majesty begins to read it out, "wish viscount Kone Cada obey all of the noble rules, give..."
The long, long confer ceremony is very depressing, but the poor me still have to give a very devout look. Boring, very boring!
After me, Ricard has the same ceremony as mine. There is only one thing left, that is the decision where our fiefdoms will be.
"Your Majesty!" the Prime Minister speaks first, "there are not that many vacant lands in the Empire now, where do you want to confer two lands as the territories to these two viscounts?"
"I think," Your Majesty on the high place says, "the land next to the Dark Moon city will be conferred to Kone Cada, and for Ricard... I will confer him the land which is not far from Kone Cada's fiefdom."
"Your Majesty! I think that this is not the best idea," the Prime Minister says, "there are so many alien races in the land next to the Dark Moon city, their folk customs are very tough, and viscount Kone Cada's actual strength… Hah hah, seems like not that strong."
The Prime Minister takes a look at me who has no any expressions on the face, he keeps on talking, "and viscount Ricard will be not the same, our this new viscount has the excellent tradition and tough character, and he graduated from the Royal Institute with the first place score. Having this kind of talented people to manage this land for Your Majesty, I think that it's the best choice."
I have no any waves on my face, I take a look at my father with the corners of my eyes, my father has a smile at me.
"Then," Your Majesty speaks to the Prime Minister slowly, "you think that Kone Cada doesn't have the quality to manage the place?"
"Of cause, viscount Kone Cda has some abilities," the Prime Minister says, "the folk customs on the other land are unsophisticated, the business is flourishing, that's the right place for the civil noble to develop!"
"Fuck you!" I scold in my heart, "you just still think about the ores in the Dark Forest!"
"Didn't viscount Kone Cada just say?" Your Majesty speaks, "he has already learned the fighting skills, and not bad as well."
"Yes, I heard that." the Prime Minister has the smile on his face, "and I don't have any doubt about it. But... I think, viscount Kone Cada shouldn't reach the degree that viscount Ricard has yet."
Fuck! What a wicked person with a hypocritical smile. If I let you to keep talking, I think that I don't even will have a territory as big as my ass at the end.
"Your Majesty!" I take a bow at Your Majesty first, "I do have an idea."
"Viscount Kone Cada," the Prime Minister smiles and says, "before you have your own fiefdom, you still can't call Your Majesty yet!"
Fuck! I get taught a lesson by this wicked guy again!
"Oh! I am very sorry and shameful for my negligence." speaking in this way is very difficult and nauseating, "but, I still hope that our Majesty and every official can listen to my suggestion."
"Well," Your Majesty nods his head at me, "you can go ahead."
"Yes." I take a bow to Your Majesty modestly, and then I straight up my body, "I want to have a fair competition with viscount Ricard, the way how to do it, I will let viscount Ricard to pick. If I lose, I will give up my fiefdom! But I don't know viscount Ricard..."
Seeing my provoking eyes, the blood vessels are shown on Ricard's head obviously...
"Good! I agree! The fighting skills!" this guy gnashes his teeth in anger and says, "I will give up my territory too if I lose."
Hey hey, it looks like that Ricard this guy's self-cultivation is not that great. Good, let me pour some more oil into the fire.
"Our Majesty, every highness. I am glad that viscount Ricard can accept my suggestion. But... Viscount Ricard's leg seems got hurt," I smile and say, "I don't know that he got it recovered yet or not..."
"You!" Ricard is totally fooled, the angry fire that comes out of his eyes is going to get me melted.
"Viscount Ricard, this is the Palace." my smile is still the same, I keep provoking, "please pay attention to your self-cultivation, alright?"
The Prime Minister give a hard stare at Ricard who is going to scold out bad words, "I totally agree with viscount Kone Cada's suggestion."
"Good! Since all of you agree, then let them compete." Your Majesty says, "to make it more interesting, putting their two territories together to confer to the winner, and the winner will be titled the earl."
Everyone says that Your Majesty is an old fox, it is absolutely right. After he sees that I get Ricard angry successfully, Your Majesty adds more betting chips in. Very good, I like it!
"Then let it be like this," Your Majesty stands up, "after the lunch, we will watch these two viscounts' competition in the west garden!"
............
Under the Palace servant's help, I put in the armor. I never put in the things like this before, it is very heavy and very inconvenient. Seeing it is almost the time, I grab the knife and walk out of the preparation room. I didn't bring the knife to here at first, the knife is that my father ask a guard to bring to here from the place we live. 
There are some words like "cheer, beat Ricard like shit" on the scabbard. Just taking a glance, I have already known those words are the fellows wrote down a word by a person. Some writings are still alright, but some writings can't be complimented, it makes me feel that it is funny and laughable.
Ricard gets to there a little bit earlier than I do, he drops his head and close his eyes, no one knows what he is thinking. What? No more incitation? Fuck! Let me make you burn up again!


8

"According to the result of my investigation." Feshert says, "Ricard is a guy who is very easily to get agitated!"
I think of the situation that I study the plan with my father and Feshert yesterday.
"Even though he has the good fighting skills, but his mentality is not that great, and he has the deadly weakness!"
"What is that?" My father asks Feshert.
"Of course... It's the Prime Minister's second miss Lisa!" Feshert takes a look at me and smile to say, "after dismissing the marriage contract with our sir Kone, this miss is like a wild horse without any restrictions. She parties every day and night, there are troops of men chasing after her... Ricard quarreled with Lisa about this for more than ten times, they ended on a sour note every time. Ricard can't beat up or yell at this ‘fair lady’..."
"Hah hah! Nobody expects that Ricard will have a day like this." I laugh and say, "this is a good weapon, how can't we not take good advantage of it?"
"It looks like that my son is not an idiot." my father sips the red wine, "hey hey, just go ahead to do whatever you want, there are a lot of high rank officials supporting us. Turnasi says that your fighting skills are very good among the same age. Your Majesty has clearly told me that he want s to confer the land next to the Dark Moon city upon you. Thus the Prime Minister will try his best to interfere, Ricard is the card that he shows right now..."
............
There is a huge empty place in the west garden where we will compete in, there are a lot of people sitting around it. There are several empty chairs in the best position, those are for the Majesty's family.
"Hey hey, Ricard." my right hand holds the handle of the knife, I put the knife close against the back of my waist, and the left hand grabs the end of the scabbard, I speak to Ricard, "I heard that you are very busy lately."
"......" Ricard shuts his mouth. 
"Miss Lisa is getting more and more beautiful, she has a lot of pursuers." I have a smile on my face and keep talking, "everyone wants to get her, well, that means it will be fame and benefit at the same time!"
"Viscount Kone Cada!" the Prime Minister can't sit still any more, "I ask you to stop these nonsense!"
"I say the Prime Minister," my father stands up and says, "shall it be alright that two kids have a good talk before the competition? You don't need to over intervene, right?"
"But what Kone Cada does is interfering Ricard!" there is a guy jumping up by the Prime Minister's side. 
"Doesn't Your Majesty give them enough time to prepare?" a viceroy with a whole face beard says, "if they have already come out to here, doesn't it mean that they are ready?"
"yes!" my father speaks to the Prime Minister, "shall we let Ricard to go back to have more time to prepare?"
"I have no objection!" I echo my father loudly, "if Ricard thinks it is annoying him."
"You..." it seems like that Ricard has given a great lesson by the Prime Minister, he still can control himself well until now. But it seems like that he has never had the quarrel lesson before, just by the look that he gnashes his teeth, you can tell that he is still a freshman.
He does not know how to quarrel, but the Prime Minister and other guys who have been in the offices more than ten years know this pretty well. How can they watch their own guys to be taken advantages? Both sides talk according the rules and laws, point the fingers, spit the saliva, you come to here and I go to there. Just right in a moment, the west garden becomes a farm market... I don't have anything else to do instead.
While the both sides are quarreling to no end, the Palace servants blow the trombones, Your Majesty is coming.
Everyone stops the quarrel and kneel down to welcome him, the Majesty seems to get used to the things like this, he walks straight to his seat and sit down. The queen Nashall has a smile at me and sits down next to him. Feshert stands behind them with no expression on his face, he stretches his right hand, raise the thump, and shakes it at me.
"Are you ready?" the captain of the Palace guards asks us, "both of you?"
"Yes." I say.
"No problem!" Ricard gnashes his teeth and says. 
"Then let's get it start, let me tell you first," Your Majesty talks to the highnesses, "take good care of your own mouths while they are in competition."
Your Majesty Krimer takes out a white silk handkerchief and lifts it up, he takes a look at us, then he lets it drop. The handkerchief floats down slowly.
"Hey hey." Ricard warps his mouth corners up, he pulls out his two-hand sword and throw the scabbard onto the ground.
"Come on!" seeing the silk handkerchief touches the ground, I say to Ricard.
"Ahh!" Ricard makes a loud cry and rushes to me, his two hands hold the sword high over his head.
"The first one is used to test the power of your strength!" Turnasi's words flash in my mind, I pull out the knife and stand still.
The distance is not so far, it gets to the front of me right soon.
After a loud noise, I use the center of the knife to cut with Ricard's blade root of sword together... Well, it's a pretty gain.
"According to the regulation, both sides will part away after the first sword." uncle Turnasi explains the noble feats rule to me, "and now the fight is really to start!"
"I'll break your bones!" our weapons hack together, we are face to face. And compared with the speaking Ricard's eyes, the bull's eyes can't be considered as big.
"I believe," I whisper, "but I heard that miss Lisa didn't give her first time to you?"
"This doesn't need you to care for!" Ricard stares blankly for a moment, "you this garbage."
"Now this title is back to you!" I smile like a devil, "that bitch has thousands of people to taste her lips!"
With the applause sound of all the people, we separate...
Before this, I study all today's tactics carefully, I study carefully the weapon and fighting skills used by Ricard.
The most important thing for the one who use the heavy weapon is to grasp the initiative, to keep hold of the attack, and the rhythm of the breath, that can save a lot of energy.
No matter how well Ricard's fighting skills are, after all, he is just only sixteen years old. Consuming all his energy, I will have half of the victory already!
Ricard begins to attack.
His offence is very violent, the heavy sword carrying the break air whistles chops on my knife. The carefully made mountain knife begins to show its advantages, every time I block away Ricard's sword, at the moment of the collision, the blade will have the very slightly dithering, it will discharge most of the impact.
"Eleven! Twelve!" I am counting while I am backing slowly.
The surrounding shouting are louder and louder, Ricard has been attacking me for twenty three times in the applause sounds!
"It should be over!" even I have such a good knife, my hand is getting pins and needles.
Ricard's sword comes crosscut over once again, I dodge and avoid it, Ricard's sword has a bit delay in front of him.
"Opportunity!" my right foot has a push on the ground, while timing Ricard's sword is not back in front of his chest, I lift the blade evenly and puncture it over.
Ricard is too late to block his sword back, he has to have a step back. At the same time, he twists his waist and drags the sword back, he blocks my knife with the part close to the sword hilt marginally.
I pull the knife back, I have a step to my right side, and I hack down to Ricard's left shoulder with the knife in hand.
Ricard steps back again nastily, he pricks the blade up to block. 
Before the sword and knife hack against each other, my knife has already changed the direction in the air, it cuts to Ricard's left leg.
After the sound "whem"! Even though Ricard blocks my knife, but he also breathes in shortness. What? Already in panting just like this? It is not over yet!
The knife circles a half in the air, this time it strikes down to the right side...
I can see that Ricard is very nervous, every strike that I have makes him to have a wide range sharp movement with the two-hand sword, that consumes Ricard's energy very fast. But, I am not going to end the fight immediately, because I know the truth of more haste and less speed...
"Whem!" Ricard blocks my knife once again, but this time, I slow down intentionally to let him block it.
"When one's confidence begins to disappear, failure has signed a contract with him!" I have forgotten who said this, but there is a word like this. From now on, I will destroy Ricard's confidence.
After he blocks my knife, Ricard has a rare smile on his face. He thinks that I have the subsequent weakness as well, he is ready to attack again. 
I draw my knife back a little bit, and then take the charge to strike to Ricard's sword. Because he wastes too much physical strength, his action becomes slower. 
The knife and the sword hack in together once again, Ricard's sword is knocked to the back, he has a full face of astonishment.
I split the knife at him, the same posture, the same speed, the same timing...
Seven knife strikes in a row, Ricard is pushed to carry the sword to pick up the seven strikes in the same position. I know, he has pulled the arms muscle paralysis in pins and needles.
"The final strike!" I look at Ricard, my eyes show the fierce light out.
I swing my knife, make a detour around his sword, and split into his body on the left.
Ricard's sword stops in the air, he stares blankly. 


9

The knife is bottom-up, pulls up from right to left. It cuts across Ricard's thigh, the lower abdomen, and the right chest, then it strikes away his sword.
The wound is not that deep, but very wide, the blood sheds out from the broken armor, it links into a line on his body. Ricard looks at me, his callous vision becomes to grey gradually, his both hands cover over the wound tightly. He gets back step by step, he sits down on the ground with the sound "poof".
This is "Bottom-up". 
No matter in what country, the martial arts all have this style. The names maybe are not the same, but the action or the movement is the same, it is a all upward prick, it's very sinister and diabolical.
I'm still not malicious enough when I hit him, the right way should be pulling up the knife between his legs to break him into two equal parts. But this is the Palace, it is a competition between the nobles, if I really did so, maybe they will call me "seriously breach the least grace and accomplishment as a noble". I also do not want to take the title which I just have in hand as a joke. 
The fast action does not let the blade stained with blood, I put the knife back into the sheath.
"The competition is over!" the guard captain shouts loudly, "Kone Cada wins!"
The disorderly footsteps mix up into the ears, the Palace sorcerers run over to treat Ricard...
"I announce that ," Your Majesty stands up and says, "the two territories are all conferred upon to today's winner, Kone Cada, as his fiefdom!"
The hit away sword falls down, it sticks in the place not far from the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister people all have the pale faces.
"Your Majesty, I have a proposal." my father says, "there are still certain distance between these two fiefdoms. It's not so good for the management!"
"Viceroy Vassel Cada!" the Prime Minister talks loudly, "if he has the ability to get these two pieces of lands, he must have the ability to manage them!"
"Your Prime Minister," it looks like that my father is in a good mood, "Should we give the young man who just come into the politics the first time some conveniences? Is this what Your Prime Minister always advocate for?"
"You don't have to say it any more." Your Majesty says, "I have already thought it well."
"Your Majesty! Would you please be careful!" the Prime Minister is in the urgent.
"There is a distance between these two lands, according to the situation like this," Your Majesty tells the decision slowly, "I decide to make the two pieces of lands and the middle area together, it will become a new city. The name, well, with the name of Dark Forest, is called the Darkness city. Kone Cada will be appointed as the viceroy of it!"*1
"Your Majesty! Can't do that!"
"No need to say any more! I know what you're thinking!" Your Majesty has a little unhappiness on his face, "since you begin to agree these two young men to compete with the fiefdoms as the bet, you should accept this result now! This is my decision!"
"Yes..." the Prime Minister is in crumbling, "comply ... your command."
"Kone Cada," Your Majesty says to me. 
"Ah, Yes!"
"From now on, you're the viceroy of the Darkness city." Your Majesty says, "I'll give you three years to rectify the public security and put the place back to order. Three years later, the Royal will begin to tax on there. No one can control how you manage the place specifically, but if you blow it... You think about it yourself!"
"Yes... Your command!" My goodness... Let me to manage the whole city, shouldn't it be more convenient to chop my head off???
............
"What?" Feshert taps on my shoulder, "you're a viceroy now! Can you show a little bit of happiness?"
"Yes!" Kelly says, "he is like this way once he comes back, I thought that he lost the fight at first."
"Mmm, well, boss!" Marf gets his nose stick in to here too, "you're the viceroy now, should you give something like... Hey hey."
"Hey hey..." I smile too, "hey your head, what about I give you this viceroy position?!"
"Kone," my father says, "don't be worry, well, it's a good thing."
"Papa!" I complain, "I thought that I would just have the fiefdom only, how could I know that Your Majesty will let me to do the viceroy of it!"
"Isn't it a good thing?" Feshert says, "there are two viceroy in one single family, it's rare to be seen in the whole Empire!"
"Dude! It's how casually to do whatever I like in my own fiefdom," I give Feshert an earful complain, but the viceroy is to work!"
"Hey! Shouldn't you have a little bit self-conscious?" Feshert points on my forehead with his finger, "don't you have a lot of ideals? You told me so much about it!"
"I just say say so." I push his hand away, "you have already believed in that?"
"Alright, alright, don’t you still have three more years? You can make it slowly." my father says, "to be honest, I also have never thought that Your Majesty would confer upon you the viceroy. It should be said that nobody has ever thought about it, it happens so fast for everything today. The Prime Minister that side has no prepare for it at all. Your Majesty is very great for his this hand!"
"Oh? Papa, what is that you are talking about?"
"Of course you don't understand, let me explain to you to listen to." my father says, "because it has some troubles for the piece of land which you have right now, so it's never been in the organizational system of the Empire, and the Empire just considers it as an enclave, in addition to beyond it, basically the Empire is under the jurisdiction of the viceroy in all other places. For now, the viceroys are divided into two factions, one is our Royal faction, another one is leaded by the Prime Minister, the Deity Temple faction."
"Oh? And it has factions too? What is the Prime Minister counted for?" I ask, "if Your Majesty is not satisfied with him, shouldn't it be great that he just cut his head off with one knife?"
"That's the problem on the Prime Minister himself." my father is very serious, "the Prime Minister is the official sent to the Empire by the Deity Temple!"
"Sent by... The Deity Temple? What is that for?"
"To place officials in the important countries, this is the tradition of the Deity Temple." my father says, "they can have better control on the subordinate empires in this way."
"So it's like this?"
"And the Prime Minister is an ambitious guy." my father drops his voice down, "he sets up his own forces over the years, it has the danger that it's getting out of control! If this time we let him to get control of your land, we will be very passive. which Your Majesty did so is weakening and limiting the influence of the Prime Minister.”
"You look!" my father opens a map, uses his finger to point on it, "your fiefdom is almost as big as the Dark Moon city's now, and it has a very long coastline. Here is the inhabitation place for the home of the alien races, it is sparsely populated. And here, it's a business center originally, it's a town developed as the center by doing business with the aliens and the ocean transportation..."
"Papa, why hasn't the Empire sent a viceroy in here long time ago?"
"First, the aliens problem is not solved. Second, everyone wants it." my father smiles and says, "every time we'll fight for it when somebody gets conferred, but none of both sides can dispute it down! This time thanks to that Ricard, the Prime Minister must thinks that he has the ability to win, thus, he promises to consent this land out on the table."
"I understand now!" I say with a loud voice, "in fact, you have been managing the land secretly, right?"
"This is what you say, I can't admit it!" my father laughs, "Your Majesty finally found a good chance this time!"
"Then still let you to manage this place!" I say, "I'm not going to do it! That's because I know nothing about managing a place!"
"No way!" my father says, "I have more things to deal with, this place will be handed over to you. I can give you some helps,"
"Then what shall I do?"
"You can appoint the junior officials, you can form the army to maintain the public security and fight against the bandits!" my father says, "you're the man for the daily affairs, it should be alright to have some tax after three years."
"It sounds like that it is simple!"
"Anyway, you have the good relationship with the alien races, it shouldn't be that difficult for you." my father says, "the difficulty is this business town called Wanpu. This town is composed by businessmen and labors, your future tax mainly comes from here. But there are a lot of native nobles in the businessmen, plus the interference by the Prime Minister, it will bring you some troubles."
"Oh... Headache!" I say.
"Don't pretend to do that!" my father gives my head a knuckle, "prepare well for yourself! Depart tomorrow!"
"We don't need to be in a rush, right?" I say.
"Why not be in a rush?" my father says, "where is your Darkness city right now?"
"Ah, oh?"
"Smelly boy! You have to go to pick the location to set up your own Darkness city!"
"To say so," my mind is getting mess up, "I start my own city from scratch?"
"You got the right answer, my son!"

(note1: The nobles generally don't take their participations in the daily management directly for their fiefdoms, it is the viceroy or other officials to manage the daily affairs. Beside the pay to the Royal family and the maintenance cost for the daily officials, the rest of the output of the fiefdom all belongs to the noble. The pariahs and the slaves in the fiefdom also belong to the noble.)


10

"Kone, you have to remember that," My father's words developed around in my mind, "In this world, nobody knows what will happen tomorrow. To build the city this time, you don't get bogged down by the rules. You must choose a good location, it doesn't matter that it's a large scale. Everything there will be me and your Majesty behind you."
"Forward can attack! Backward can defense!" my father says in a low voice, "all the situations you need to consider about!"
"All?"
"We are at the forefront of the two forces, it's a great risk." my father says, "and the Prime Minister is in the great arrogance, who knows when he will give us a knife on the back?"
"I understand now!" I say, "you can stop worrying!"
"You don't understand, it's not that simple to be a viceroy. Now you have the title as well, if you have any trouble that can't be solved," my father fondles on my head, "you can have a noble temper to make it pass not that clearly, or it also works that you play to depend on perfunctory, you're a young man any way!"
"This will do?" I am very surprised!
"What do you think why everyone wants to be a noble?"
"Not for the nobles have the right of the first night?"*1 I have the smile on my face, I learn about this from the soapy literature.
"Looking for some beat-ups?" my father smiles and yells, "if you dare to do so, see your mama will eat you or not!"
............
A month later, after I bring the guards to run everywhere in my fiefdom with my brothers, we find a place like that finally. 
We stand on the top of a hill, we look at a huge chunk of a plain in front of us.
"Boss, are you sure that this is the place?" Hairt asks.
"Yes," I answer him, "in the whole fiefdom we have searched, here is the most appropriate place."
"Boss, it's so normal over here!" Moah turns to look back, "I can't see anything special that it has."
"Yes," Marf says too, "boss, would you please explain it to us what you think about it?"
"We can start from the geographical position to say," I beckon Jack to open the map, "this place is between the Dark Forest and the Sea of Death, it's not far from the trade route, it's not too far from the ocean port. The transportation is very convenient, it can be developed into a commercial city."
"Commercial city?"
"That means it can make a lot of money!"
"Next, we can start from the angle of battle strategy." looking at my brothers all nodded their heads with half understanding, I have the wry smile in my heart, it appears that I should give them some tutorial lessons.
"This land is very evenly and smooth, but surrounding it are all the hills, it has the desert ahead of it less than two hundred miles, it has the forest and high mountains behind of it. You can say like this, this is a good place to defend or attack."
"But we are not in the national borders," says Jack, "why do we need to have the preparation for the military?"
"Good question!" I praise Jack, "if one person has no long term considerations, he can hardly avoid troubles now and then. Even though we are not in the national borders, but those several stupid viceroys are not that great, they are right in front of us! I have read the war records, the enemy had fought to our Saint Capital once!"
"It's so!"
"Yes! Although we are the rear area here, but we still have the coastline need to be defended." I continue to say, "and, the deathless Prime Minister must not content to let us to get this fiefdom this easily. What method or way will he have to deal with us? We must have the early preparation for it."
"Boss, what you mean is that... The Prime Minister will send someone to fight against us?"
"I'm not sure about this. In short, you must remember one point." I say, "if someone is not our friend, he must be our enemy!"
"We know now!"
"The third point," I add, "we must build our city to a large scale, that means it must have the agricultural support. You see, our this plain, it has the fertile land and the rivers running in it. As long as we have enough farmers, it's a little case for it to be just a city of five hundred thousand people."
"Five hundred thousand people? That's how many people?" Moah asks.
"Let me explain this to you, all of the population in the Saint Capital is more than eight hundred thousand and less than one million."
"But boss," Hairt says, "where do we to get so many people?"
"Don't worry, we have the alien brothers, there are many refugees in the Dark Moon city there." I smile and look up at the sky, "no matter in where, at what time, people are all numberless as the sand and worthless."
"Boss," Hairt says, "what are you talking about? We don't quite understand!"
“Hairt, you think about this, how many pariahs in this world? How many slaves?”
“I don’t know, boss. But there must be many.”
"If we supply them the food to eat, the clothes to wear, and the hope to live." I look at Hairt, "do you think that a city of five hundred thousand can hold them all?"
"I... Don't know...!" Hairt almost gets his eyes fall down to the ground.
"Now we don't talk about these, Hairt!"
"Yes! Boss!"
"You bring a pair of guards and my warrants to contact the dwarves and the elves. Tell Waldi and Wensly everything about here, I need their helps. The dwarves take the responsible for the stones, the elves take the responsible for the wood. And by the way to notice the blood-sucking vampire race."
"Yes, boss!"
"Moah! You go to the sand-man race and the wing-man race, the same task. Ask Wen an Morgadi them to supply the craftsmen!"
"Yes, boss!"
"You two leave immediately! You must finish all of these in half a month, and bring back everything which I need!"
"Boss, then what shall we two do?"
"Marf, I'll give you the design sketches of the Darkness city in three days, you stay here to assist the preparation work for the earlier stage. Jack and I will go back to the Saint Capital three days later!"
"What do we go back there for? Boss?"
"Go back there for the money!"
In the next three days, I put my own first urban city design on numerous occasions. I transfer the few building knowledge in my memory, I reference the urban planning mode that I know, again and again, I modify the design repeatedly. I finish the design finally.
The Darkness city on the drawing is ten miles wide and ten miles deep. The city is divided into four parts by two main streets, every part is divided into numerous districts by the roads again. The drainage, the health, the supply, the defense... Everything, as long as I can think of , is all reflected in this urban design.
By contrast, the wall is easy to be designed. I flick my pen easily, one tall and one short, two layers, the wall with four gates is there.
I hand the designs to Marf and explain the detailed method for a whole day, then I just notice that my design is not that easily to be understood by the normal people. I have no other choice, I write down tens of text pages. They will give the detailed explanations to every design on the drawings. And I am delayed one more day, it seems to me when I have a work in the future, I need to calculate my advanced thinking and the people's acceptance in.
............
Jack and I ride on the horses galloping on the way to the Saint Capital, all the guards follow behind us closely, they are moved to work for me by my father. And even some of these people have been watching me to grow up. For example... Like uncle Meza.
"Boss," J asks by my side, "why are we in a rush like this?"
"I want to get there before my father leaves to go back to the Dark Moon city!" I don't even look back, "with my father's help, we can have the chance to get more money!"
We don't talk no longer. Day after day, we have no stop. Once again when we see the Saint Capital, we are all having the floating dust on the faces in the rosy sunset, we don't look much better than the refugees.
For me, the gate of the Saint Capital is familiar with tenderness, but now standing under the city gate, my mood is not that well, because... We are held up by some people.
The one blocking my way is an infantry captain, he has the look that he feels good about himself, he has his light infantry armor wiped cleanly, he has his hand holding on the handle of the sword which is hung on his waist. He speaks to us, "the gate will be shut down right soon! Nobody can enter now!"
"Will soon be shut, and this is not shut yet! Why do you not let us enter into the gate?" along the way to here, all the troubles are negotiated by uncle Meza.
"You have the weapons in hands! You can't enter the city if I say so!"
"We are the guards for the viceroy of the Darkness city! Our viceroy is right here! Let us enter!" uncle Meza makes his utmost effort to right for the point of view.
"I said, you can't enter! Even the viceroy of the Dark Moon city comes, I still will not let him enter!"
The days long journey has already made me very tired, and I worry about that my father will have an early return to the Dark Moon city, my mood is not very good already, plus a small infantry captain stands blocking in front of us, I am getting my temper lost.
I urge the horse forward and come to uncle Meza's side, I look at the infantry captain carefully.
"Your Viceroy, I'm sorry." uncle Meza apologizes to me, "all of the garrisons in the Saint Capital are the same like this way."
"Don't apologize, uncle Meza." I smile, "this is not your responsibility."
"I'm Kone Cada! I now order you with the identity of the viceroy of the Darkness city and the viscount to let us enter through." I speak to the infantry captain.
"I'm sorry! Your Sir." this failure people looks at me and says, "I only listen to the command of the department of the urban defense and the department of the army."
"My sir viceroy," uncle Meza comes to me and speaks to me in a low voice, "the department of the urban defense and the department of army are the guys of the Prime Minister's faction."
I give him a nod, it seems that it's not so easy to solve this case today.
The louder and louder brawl moves more and more people gathered to here. Some passer-bys, some residents of the city, and even some of the guards stick their heads out to check it out over the city wall. The infantry captain has a satisfied face... With the identity of a small captain to hold up a noble viceroy, it must be a thing worth bragging about... But to me, being held up by a small captain, my fame in the Saint Capital can't be so wonderful...
"You really don't want to let us enter? Decided?" I give a ready to begin glance to my subordinates, "but we do have emergency officially."
"Your Sir can come back here again for your urgent business tomorrow!"
"Ahh!" this failure holds his face with his both hands and howls loudly. 
"Let's go!" I give the order, more than twenty horses rush through the gate, the guards standing in the gate tunnel get a lot of whips.
"Catch them! Send the alarm!" someone shouts like this.
I have to stop my horse, once the alarm starts, it means the invasion from the outer enemy, this case will be made into a huge one...

(Note1: The right of the first night, It's a kind of special right for the nobles. In the noble's fiefdom, when a girl gets married, the first night who she serves is not her husband but the aristocracy. The law trample the legal personality very much, it began in the south England.)


11

"Fuck!" looking at an infantry pulls the rope to make sounding the alarming bell with a face of satisfaction, my lungs are going to explode with anger.
I turn my horse back, bring the guards rush back to the gate once again, I will just make a scene at the gate! As long as they can't catch me inside of the city, they can't butt on me the hat that I rush the gate!
"Beat these people up to hell for me! Don't fight with weapons!" while I am giving the order, I jump off the horse back, it's not my strength to fight on the horse back.
A fire ball is formed in Jack's hand, then it flies at the infantries in the doorway. Once this guy heard that I didn't say no magic allowed, he give a big shot right away. The fire ball flies rapidly, it makes some red lights and howling sounds, frighten these guys who just know bully people usually flee ignominiously, they think that we will go straight up into the city, but who knows that we'll turn back to there.
The infantries who are scared to death by the fire ball are rushed to break sparsely by the guards on the horses, the guards jump out of the saddles in a rush and catch the infantries to beat. In such a confined space in the gate, it is very unwise to fight riding on the horses.
The infantry captain who is gripped in my hand has the blood all over his face, he shouts loudly.
"You guys dare to cause troubles in the Saint Capital! wouldn’t you be desperately! Ouch!'
I throw him onto the ground and step on his neck maliciously.
"So what! I will fight to let you see today!" I raise my head and speak with a loud voice, "I'm the viceroy of the Darkness city, Kone Cada! I'm teaching these bold as brass bad infantries a lesson! Others please don't come over to here, I'll beat you to death if you come over to here!"
After they hear me to say like this, the soldiers who run down from the wall stop to come over one by one. They just surround the gate tightly from the outside.
The infantry squad has more than thirty people, they should be taking advantage to deal with our twenty something. But the training which the infantries accept is to go to the battlefield, so the fighting like a knit fist is not what they are good at.
It will be different to look again at my guards, hard fists and puissant kicks, they beat the infantries to a mess. Not in a moment, there only we left to stand in the gate tunnel...
The people lying on the ground are begging for mercy, the quantities of the alarming bells are getting more and more, the rushing sounds of the bells peal in the air over the Saint Capital, finally... The biggest alarming bell in the Saint Capital also rings...
The bell is the command, the general residents begin to close up their doors and pack their worthies, the armies inside and outside of the city begin to sort out the equipments for the reinforcement, the great or small officials run to return to their positions... The whole city disorderly becomes a pot of porridge. 
"You can't run away!" the infantry captain under my foot still struggles to cry, "be quick to let me go!"
"Let you go? The whole thing is caused because of you!" my anger is unbearable, I speak to Jack, "come here, peel this guy into a head of bare pig for me!"
"Boss," Jack comes running to me with a guard, "What is bare pig?"
"That means stripping him naked!"
"And then what?"
"Hang him up!" I say, "upside down!"
Jack's movement is very quick, just in a moment, he tears off the infantry captain's clothes already. The guard next to him gets a rope from nowhere, thus the bare pig is hung from the gate upside down.
"Are you not very arrogant?" I lash on him with the whip in my hand, "the slanting will make you like a big shot?"
"Sir," uncle Meza comes over and says, "their reinforcements are coming."
I turn and look at the outside of the city, there are smoke and dust raised from distance, that is the coming cavalry. The direction from the city side is more desperately serious, we have already heard the running infantries' the "hua hua" sound of the armors already.
"It's nothing big deal. You can stand to both sides of here, flash out your noble guard's mark. Bring their chief to see me." while I'm speaking to uncle Meza, I don't stop the whip in my hand. If I want to make some troubles, I will make them big, it's the best to make it to our Majesty there.
"The people in the gate listen!" the reinforcements in the city arrive first and appeal, "put down your weapons immediately! Stop resistance!"
"We are the Darkness city viceroy's guards!" it's Jack speaking, "our viceroy is here! Go ask your chief to come over to here."
A tall general runs over with several batmen, he looks surprised at the bare pig and the infantries lying on the ground.
"The Darkness city viceroy?" after a long time, the general speaks slowly, "what are you doing here like this?"
"Can't you see?" I don't even look back and give a vicious whip on the bare pig's body, "fighting and beating people up!"
"Stop!" the general is apparently angered by my attitude, "I ask you to stop!"
"Stop, good." I turn and look at him, "what kind of thing are you then?
"This is today's chief executive for the department of city defense!" a batman shouts out loudly by his side.
"Chief?" I drop the whip down and say, "so this hung guy is one of your subordinates?"
"Well... Yes." it takes almost half day that the chief recognizes the bare pig out, "why do you beat him up?"
"What's the big deal to beat him up?" I smile hey hey, "what do you think that I ask you to come in here for?"
The chief has a stare blankly, his face is immediately hit by my fist, he blow the blood out like a flower. It's not that I like to hit people in the face especially, but his body is wrapped up all by the armor, my hand will be in pain if I hit on it.
"Our chief is hit by the viceroy Kone Cada... Ah!" a batman by the chief's side has not finished his shouting words yet, he falls onto ground as well...
"Fuck! What's the big deal of a viceroy?"
"Brothers, let's get him!"
"I heard that he's a new noble..."
"Noble? So what? Our chief is one of them too! Go get him!"
"Don't use any weapons!"
"No need to, brothers, let's go get him with our fists!"
... After the noisy noises, the rushed to here reinforcements finally clarify the situation, the people at the front drop down the weapons and rush over to us, the smart ones behind turn sharp back to report the news.
 A large frame of group fighting begins, one side is the escorts wearing the noble marks, another side is the infantries removed the armors. 
The escorts are tough, the infantries have more people. The escorts don't say a word and just give the fierce hands maliciously, the infantries continually come forward to take places of those who have pushed ahead. The gate is wide and big at the ordinary times, now it's as if smaller. Dozens of people move like a wave in the tunnel back and forth, and from time to time, it comes out the wailings like "Man!" "Fuck!" "Alas!" "My little brother..."
The cavalry coming from outside of the gate clearly know the situation already, in the attitude of "not participate in, not encourage it, not stop it", they line up neatly not far from the gate, they don't give a word out. Comparing the both, it gets how eerie that it can get.
We divide the guards into two lines to block the tunnel. I stand in the middle, sometimes back and sometimes recoil. We have less people, we have the same steps to take all the advantages. But the infantries are miserable, there are rare people really dare to fight against the nobles, the people behind that don't know the circumstance want to squeeze forward, the front several rows that can see the realty want to go back, who wants to get hit? One forward and one backward, they huddle themselves together, they suffer the beating miserably... 
Jack this guy is the most cunning one, every time when we drag our recoil, he will bring one with flowers on collar to give him a malicious beating.*1
Don't tell to participate in yourself, all the people know that as long as they have seen dozens of people to fight together, once the situation like this happens, it might be too late to try to stop it. To what degree the chaos is for the situation at the scene? There are full of people around, some shout go for it, someone shouts be careful, and some blow whistles. The fighters flush, minds get fever, they all can hear nothing, only know fight, fight, and fight. Knock down one then change another opponent, he will finish his task once he gets knocked down.
"I'm ## lieutenant! Stop the fighting!"
Sorry, nobody hears that!
"I'm ## minister! Stop!"
Hear that this time, but just can't stop the fighting!
"Fuck, I'm ## general, don't you want to stay in the army?!"
The infantries are scared still for a moment, just in time to catch our recoil. And they get knocked down a whole row by us again... The result, the infantries get red eyes with anger and shout tearfully, "the nobles don't keep the rules!" once again we fight together...
With "pee pee poo poo" cranking sounds, a series of small fireballs drop in the "Battle field", although the power is the smallest version of the fireball, but they still burn both sides people to shout "Wow wow!”
"Which idiot did this?"
"I fuck your mother! Set off the fireball!" flapping the flame on the body, the two sides of people yell in chorus!
"Fuck!" a general in silver helmet whips people with his whip to walk coming in, "it's me who put it out! Who is scolding?"
Silver armor, this only the Palace guards can wear.
"They did!" both sides of people are like that they just have a good talk, dozens of fingers are pointing at the other side at the same time.
"Your Majesty's order!" the general in the silver armor takes a look at me, "the fighters all set together to the Palace Square! Right now!"
(Note1: refers to the Empire official, the officers have the pins sewed on the collar.)


12

It's kind of peaceful under the city gate, and the conflicting views are heating up immediately. We all know that we will lose something, even though we don't need to be dead this time. It even shocked to Your Majesty there, and it seems like that Your Majesty is very angry too... 
"You did it?" some "officers" begin to bring out the pens to question the infantry.
"No! I have not had a fight!" nobody is a stupid head.
"What about you! Be honestly!" asking nothing out, the officers become to get their noses up to the sky.
"Sir! My name is Moody! I was not in the fight!" this is a veteran, his refusing is the first class.
"What happens to your face?" one officer asks.
"Sir! It was dark! I fell to the ground!" the infantry A answers.
"What happens to your forehead?" another officer asks.
"Sir! It was dark! I hit the wall!" the infantry B answers.
"Then? You're covering your private part, what's going on?" one more office asks.
"Sir! It was dark! Urine suppress!" the infantry C answers.
"What the relation it has with the darkness?"
............
Finally, after all the officers raise their hands to vote, they decide to take me and the guards away. Well, the other party, as long as they don't wear any armors, they are a pan of stewed meat!
"Our Empire's armed forces and nobles are more and more prospect! Your Majesty Krimer is walking back and forth slowly in front of the Palace square, incredibly he still has smile on his face, "not only just fight in the city gate of the Saint Capital, but also carry the whole Saint Capital on its feet. Very good! But how are you going to deal with it?"
We twenty something men stand on the right side of the square, some with black eyes, some with cracked teeth, almost everyone has some "colors" on. On our left, it's all the infantries with no armors on, like a cloud, there are at lest three, or four hundred of them. Most of them standing, some are carried to the square lying on the stretchers. The small captain who is still in coma is also lift to here, his naked body is wrapped with the white sheets which nobody knows where to get them from, the miserable way makes him look like a tender girl that just got insulted by hundreds of big fellows...
A huge group of ministers are saying some nonsense, they are afraid that the fire will burn to them. My father is standing in there as well, his face is same as usual, he does not have any expression on his face.
"So," Your Majesty krimer packs up the smile, "viceroy Kone Cada! You tell me first that what was going on."
"Good evening, Your Majesty. The thing is happening like this," my face gets hit several times, it's a bit unnatural when I speak, "I've chosen the site for the Darkness city, so I was anxious to come back here to report to Your Majesty. After days of non-stop, we get back to the Saint Capital, but the gate infantries just didn't allow us to get into the city."
"And then?"
"We argue with the reasons, this guy said that it's alright to let us into the city, but he wanted me to give him five silver coins each according to the number!" under the training of my former life, I breathe smoothly and my heartbeat is normal while I'm telling the lies, "I didn't want to give him, it became to a fight from a quarrel! And then they pull the rope and set off the alarming bell."
After I finish my words, the ministers stare at each other, they give out some cries. A small infantry captain incredibly dare to blackmail a viceroy! Some people proposed to put the whole infantry team to "crunch" right away.
"There is such a thing like this?" Your Majesty Krimer is in the perfect setting, he asks the officials of the department of the city defense, "tell me what you think."
"Your Majesty!" the on duty officer of the department of the city defense is one of the first to get there, "I arrived there first after I heard the alarming bell sound, I just only saw that viceroy Kone is beating the naked infantry captain who is hung upside down on the city gate. I don't know anything about what viceroy Kone said, I want to stop them, viceroy Kone even beat me up as well."
"That's not right! We didn't fight! Our captain did not let them to enter the city because it's time to shut the city gate up!"
"Your Majesty! We the infantries of the city defense will not do it like that!"
"Why can't it be? What else can't they do? They even dare to beat up the nobles."
"Yeah, viceroy Kone," obviously, the Prime Minister thinks of something, "even if it is like what you said earlier, but why would you fight with the on duty city defense officers?"
"My dear Prime Minister," I ask with the sincere attitude, "you think that I am like a insane man?"
"Ah?" the Prime Minister does not know what I want to do, he does not come over with the responsibility, he shakes his head at a loss.
"Since you admit that I'm not nervous disorder, if it's possible not to fight," then I keep talking, "why would I want to fight with hundreds of people? My indigestion needs some movements? The first person to come over start the fight."
"But viceroy Kone!" one of the ministers asks, "how do you prove that the infantry captain blackmails you?"
"How to prove?" I stroke my chin, assembling the anger, "I'm a nobleman, and I'm a viceroy. You don't believe in what I said, what else I can say? No proof!"
"Viceroy Kone," Your Majesty speaks to me, "don't do it like that, have the words, say it well."
"Your majesty! It was like this so at the first place, we were compelled helpless to begin to fight." I seriously start to put on the innocent, poor, grace, and clever, "now you ask me for evidences, how and where do I get it? besides us, it's them in the gate, of cause they will say whatever they want to say!"
"You don't get worry first." Your Majesty comforts me in a very right way, "the truth can be found out one day."
Your Majesty turns slightly to look at the cavalry general who stations outside of the city, "you say, what did you see?"                                       
"Your Majesty!" the cavalry general stands his body straight, "I also don't know the things what happen earlier! When I got to the gate, I saw that hundreds of infantries and twenty some people fight in the gate aisle."
"Nothing else?"
"None!"
"Well..." Your Majesty speaks to the ministers, "how do you see about this?"
"Your Majesty!" it's the Prime Minister to speak first, "normally, the city defense infantry would never blackmail a noble, please Your Majesty be aware of this point."
"Not necessarily?" my father finally opens his mouth, "Your Majesty, if the infantry did not blackmail Kone, then why Kone will fight with hundreds of people with only twenty some guards? And, when the city defense officers arrived, they not only did not stop the fight, but also make the scene more chaos. This tells us, at least, even if the city defense infantry did not blackmail Kone, the control ability of the city defense officers is very poor! What kind of officers will have what kind of soldiers, that mere twenty some people makes them to ring the alarming bell, it cause the whole Saint Capital in panic. Hundreds can't defeat twenty some, it simply is the incompetent to the fullest!"
With no expression on my face, but the joy in my heart blooms. My father is my father, it's not that simple to give a shot for him. But Papa, it's not a very easy job to fight against hundreds, can you hurry up? Don't you see? It's painful for me to stand in here for this long.
"Your Majesty!" an infantry who knows it all is pushed to the front by his officer, "to pull the alarming bells is because they rush across the gate. Can't defeat them is because the gate is too narrow, we only can have dozens to fight against them face to face at one time."
"We rush across the gate?" I ask loudly for the petition, "tens of thousand pairs eyes saw that we are in the city gate tunnel! Your Majesty, these guys are still playing fast and loose!"
"We don't talk about whether playing fast and loose first. The gate is narrow? Do you want me to give the order to make it lager, then you can have a fight over there freely again! Fool!" Your Majesty's left pinky fondles on the gem ring on the right ring finger, "having none of the penitent consciousness! Bring this infantry down to give him thirty army sticks."
"Your Majesty!" it looks like that the Prime Minister is very nervous, "I think that it is not that serious, please give him some lighter punishments instead."
"Not that serious?" Your Majesty yells at him, "the alarming bells rang, everyone feels in the crisis in the Saint Capital! You Prime Minister lives like in the old age!"
"I clearly know about this matter in general!" Your Majesty stops the ones who also want to talk, "since when the city defense people become so incompetent? What are they doing the whole day long? They can pull the alarming bells for a tiny thing! Hundreds of people can't defeat twenty some people. What if the other party is the real incoming enemy to attack the city? I'll count on such these people to guard the Saint Capital?"
"In consideration of the inability of the department of the city defense, all the senior officers of the department of the city defense are suspended from now on! It will be taken over by the Palace guards. The normal infantry and junior officers who are participate in this fight get twenty army sticks each. All moved out! Viceroy Kone Cada, your character is too impulsive. Even it is another party's fault, you can't fight that casually with your identity! Go home to have  a self-examination for three days, no pay for half year!" looking at the slopping dressed us, Your Majesty continues to say, "all get out of here for me. Vassel stays! See what a good son you teach!"
............
"Three days self-examination, half year no pay." my father speaks happily to me, "look at this no pain no itch punishment, the Prime Minister's lung are going to explode!"
"Half year no pay! Papa!" I say, "that's a lot of money!"
"Never mind!" my father says, "Your Majesty is very happy, you made the thing out, it lets us have an excuse to replace the city defense officers. In order to let you to keep the energetic energy, Your Majesty batches five hundred thousand gold coins to you to build your city!"
"Really??" so much money! I thought that it will be great to get about two or three at most originally.
"Hey hey!" my father sways a piece of paper in his hand, "see that? This is the instruction! You can immediately get the money from the finance minister there!"
"Jack!" I grab that from my father's hand and begin to shout loudly.
"Boss! What's the matter?"
"You and uncle Meza immediately go to the finance minister there to take out the money!"
"Yes!"
"Wait! Jack," my father goes after him, "let me teach you how to transfer the money!"
............
I lie on the bed elatedly, after we have this five hundred thousand gold coins, with the helps of my brothers, I can have an exhibition!
"Boss!' Jack's voice rings up in the ears, "it's not good!"
"Your boss is frightfully good right here!" I say, "where's the money?"
"Boss!" Jack has the sweat all over his face, followed with the angry uncle Meza, "our money is detained!"


13

"What?!" I jump out of the bed, "who dare to detain my money? Doesn’t he want to live any longer?"
"It is that fat guy!" Jack says, "the finance minister."
"I fuck his mama." I begin to put the shoes on, "kill you this fatty!"
"Pa," I get a hit on the head. I look up at it, it is my father.
"Keep your mouth clean!" my father teaches me, "the finance minister is a noble, he is not the small soldier at the city gate."
"But papa!" I cried out with a loud voice, "what he swallows is my money!"
"I know." my father smiles and says, "Your Majesty knows it too."
"Well?"
"You see, Your Majesty gives you the money, why doesn't he give it to you directly?" my father asks me, "asking you to take a round, doesn't Your Majesty feel that it is a trouble too?"
"What does this mean?" I ask, "it means... he wants me to tidy up the things for him?"
"That's right, my good son!" my father's appearance doesn't look very serious, "Your Majesty can let everybody fully display his talent."
"I knew that it's not that easy to earn this five hundred thousand..." I say, "what can I do? And, why it must be me?"
"Because that finance minister is pulled to the Prime Minister's side, he contains Your Majesty everywhere, he himself is a watertight person. From the regular channel, we can't find his shortcomings. And we these old guys are inconvenient to mischief, we only can let you this young man to do it. If you mess it up, you're this young, as long as Your Majesty says to forgive you, the Prime Minister will not have any ides to deal with you." my father says in a low voice, "the old way, make the trouble the bigger the better! It is the best that you can pull the Prime Minister in, As long as no human life involved, the other things are just up to you."
"Good!" I dress up the clothes already, "I'm going now!"
"Wait!" my father holds me up, "is it expired for the three days of your self-examination yet?”
............
Wagging my head, I ride the horse slowly. Although the dense shades of the trees on the roadside block the vicious sunlight, the blowing breeze also brings some cools, but I still don't feel that great in my heart. Ah, this time I'm really sold by my father.
"The cicadas..." I think that in my heart, "is making these annoying sounds!"
I put my hand out and wave, Jack comes to my side. This guy has already considered himself as the vice captain of the guards, he stays with uncle Meza all day long lately.
"Boss," says Jack, "how are we going to do this time?"
"Try fair means before resorting to force," I don't have a good spirit, "tell them, keep the smiles before I get to work!"
"Yes, sir!"
Besides Your Majesty, no one dare to run the horse in the Saint Capital. We guys spend a lot of time slowly "move" to the Department of Finance. We tie the horses on the doorsteps and walk in there.
"Boss! Go this way." Jack opens his eyes big, "this is very stylish!"
"Stylish?" I turn and take a look around, uh... The building is very common, it has some "Gothic" style, "why don't I feel that way?!"
"Ha ha, of course, of course! To our most promising young viceroy Kone in the Empire, such a building like this is really not outstanding." a middle-aged fat man stands on the steps of the main building and says with a smile.
"Who are you?" I look at him, luxuriant dress, confident manner, and peaceful tune.
"Boss," Jack comes over and says, "this is that fat pig!"
"Welcome, sir," says the fat pig, "I'm the finance minister."
"Oh? How do you know that I'm the Kone?" I find a place to sit down, "not the other what people?"
"That your noble mark and the bandage on your hand tells your identity." the finance minister answers me, "in the Saint Capital right now, the noble having wounds on the right hand is only the viceroy Kone, who fight a couple days ago in the city gate."
"Your observation is very good!" I laugh "ha ha", "it's an injustice for you to be a finance minister."
"Ha ha, as long as it is the authorization by Your Majesty." the finance minister says with a smile, "I will do it well."
It's really a bone hard to chew on , let me just go directly to the point of the business.
"Since you say so," I bring out Your Majesty's instruction to put in front of him, "let's do the business first!"
"Alright, alright." the finance minister takes over with his both hands, "Please come with me, sir."
His such generous attitude surprises me, I turn my head to look at Jack. Jack shakes his head gently, he reminds me that the thing is not as simple as that.
"Sorry to let you wait that long!" the finance minister looks up from a pile of accounting books, "is it now to transfer the two hundred fifty thousand gold coins to your Darkness city account?"
"How much?" I stare at him, "You repeat that for me!"
"Two hundred fifty thousand Empire gold coins." the finance minister doesn't have any panic in his eyes, as if he doesn't know that the gold coins are halved.
"You take a look at me," I walked to the wide office desk and sit down on the chair in front of it, "do I look easy humiliated?"
"Not at all." the finance minister answers me calmly, "do you have any question, sir?"
"How much is that written on Your Majesty's instruction?"
"Five hundred thousand empire gold coins."
"Then how much you want to transfer to me?"
"Two hundred fifty thousand gold coins."
"What's your identity?"
"I'm the finance minister."
"Pa!" I slap my palm on the desktop heavily, the things on the desk jump up in succession.
"Where is the another half gold coins going to?!" I say, "give me back all of it!"
"Sir, please don't get excited." the finance minister speaks to me slowly, "let me explain to you."
"It's like this," seeing I nod my head, the finance minister continues to say, "the use of your money belongs to the building use?"
"Yes!"
"That's right." the finance minister begins surging up, "there is not only your Darkness city needing the building money in the entire empire, many places have their needs, so it is very normal to make adjustments in all kinds of money. This is part of my work, it's the same for everybody. The rest of your that two hundred fifty thousand is used to repair the various types of constructions and the Prime Minister's house. You have to get this, the Prime Minister is our country's important minister, his hall will be very miserable if it doesn't get the repaired, the miserable and battered will affect the image of our country, affecting our country's image will... To say it this way, it's a lot to transfer half to your account, it's totally the care we take, depending on that it's very tough for you to build your first city..."
"Take care of?" I grab the finance minister's collar and pull him over from another side of the table, "you detain my two hundred fifty thousand gold coins to fix that Prime Minister's hall, and you tell me that it is taking care of me? What's the matter to me whether the Prime Minister repairs his house or not?"
"Sir, please let me go, what so you want to do?" The finance minister says in cool tone, "I'm not the small soldier at the gate."
"Yes, you're not the small soldier at the gate." I look at him, "you're trying to change idea to give me five hundred thousand?"
"Only two hundred fifty thousand," the finance minister looks back at me, "not even a penny more."
"You are pushing on me." I say, "the noble's body is not made of steel neither, how many punches you think that you can stand?"
"You don't dare, I'm the finance minister, I'm a noble!"
I pull him down from the table and let him stand well, loosen my hand to help him sort out the collar. I smile and say to him, "yes, you're a noble. But, don't bet with me, alright?"
With a very loud sound echoing in the room, the finance minister doesn't believe to hold his left face.
"You..." somebody says in a vibrating voice, "you... Slap me on the face?"
"Oh, right! How can I slap you on the face? I'm sorry!" I smile and say, "you must be very not satisfied, rest your heart, I used to give my fist normally."
"Ah... Help..." the high asking for help voice goes out from the finance minister's office.
"What's happening? You Sir?!" somebody shout coming over, they are stopped by Jack.
"The finance minister is talking some businesses with our viceroy, please don't go to bother them!"
"But the sir in there ask for help!" the finance minister's guards shout and want to rush in, "maybe there's an assassination!"
"Our viceroy doesn't give a call, where's the assassin?" says Jack, "maybe it is that your sir is exercising."
"You're kidding! Our sir's exercise way is the donkey call in the bed!"
It seems like the finance minister's guard has a very low intelligence quotient.
"Ah, the..." says Jack, "maybe today your sir wants to change for some fresh ways!"
"Let go!"
"No!"
While the both sides of guards are bickering endlessly, there's someone calling in a high voice at the door there, "here comes the Prime Minister..."


14

When the Prime Minister asks people to bump open the door and rush into the room, I'm stepping on somebody's face and asking him, "satisfied yet or not?!"
"Stop!" the Prime Minister says with a loud voice, "please stop!"
"My hands are not moving! My Prime Minister." I answer, my foot moves back and forth couple more times at the same time. 
"Stop!" the Prime Minister changes his words, "all of you come to here, be well-behaved!"
"Oh? But why do I need to listen to you?" while I am speaking, my foot keep moving.
"I'm the Prime Minister of the Empire! I'm a first class duke!" the Prime Minister's voice is getting higher, "I'm ordering you to do so!"
"I fuck your mama!" I let go the “pig-head” who is under my foot, I walked over and point my finger at the Prime Minister's nose, "what kind of old bird you are?"
"Hmm?" the Prime Minister doesn't react well to it immediately, "old bird?"
"How dare you scold the Prime Minister!" an old man next to the Prime Minister shouts, "no accomplishment man! It seems I was right that I dismiss you at first."
I open my eye widely and take a look at him for a while, and then I can recognize that this no hair guy is the dean of the Royal Institute.
"Can you manage this?" I give a "Five" without any extra trouble, it makes this old guy turns a round and get down on the ground.
"You, you, you! You are more and more unlike it!" the Prime Minister is getting mad, he grabs me by the collar, "now you even dare to beat everybody, come with me to see your Majesty!"
"Let's go, who will be afraid of you!" I shake off the rime Minister's hand, "let go first your hand!"
"It should be let go your hand first!" the dean covers his mouth and say, "no accomplishment!"
"Fuck!"
"Oh my!..." 
"You still dare to fight?!"
"Hey hey! Once is beat, twice is beat, it's almost the same, my Prime Minister!"
"I don't want to talk with you too mach! Let's go to the palace!"
......
Pretend to be wild and intractable, I stand outside of Your Majesty's office. From Feshert's words, I know that Your Majesty is very cooperated to go out for hunting.
"Your Prime Minister, my father went out early today. You see..." Feshert speaks to the Prime Minister with the mature wisdom, "do you have a very important thing?"
"Yes," the Prime Minister has his face metal gray, "I have something important! No matter what time, I will be waiting!"
"You can wait if you want to wait," I'm not used to stand, and I want to find a place to sit down, "your young master I don't want to keep accompany with you!"
"How dare you!" it seems that the Prime Minister is out of control, "You step one more time to let me see!"
"One step! Two step! Three step!..." I circle around the Prime Minister, "it's not that hard to do it, what else can you do to deal with me?"
"You this rascal!" it doesn't know whether the Prime Minister has a dizzy mind or not, he slaps me right on the face.
Defenselessly, I get slapped hard on the face, this makes me lose my face very much!
"You fucking bitch!" the bravery is made out of the anger. I catch the Prime Minister with my right hand and drag him to the ground, I lift my foot and ride on him. 
I give him a "gentle" punch in the stomach.
With "ouch..." the sound, the Prime Minister's mouth becomes a round one, maybe he thinks that the loud cry doesn't accord with his noble status.
I stick the back of my left hand on the heart position of his chest, my right hand punch heavily on the left palm. Hit a man like this, it's hard to check the injuries out even you have killed him.
With "Boom..." the sound, the Prime Minister's mouth becomes a flat one. It's so wonderful! The nose can be used to make the “hum” sound.
I am also swearing to want to have the third punch, but I'm held by a lot of people, some hold the legs, some hold the hands, they drag me to sit down on a chair aside. Seeing through the people, that bastard is breathing out more, inhaling less...
Several magicians release magic on him and pour the medicines into his mouth, it takes a very long time to get the Prime Minister's breath back.
"You..." the bastard points at me with his shaking finger, "you wait..."
I roar and jump up from the chair, but I'm pushed back to the chair by several guards right away. 
How can the back chair made of the rare wood stand this kind of toss? With the sound "Wow", it disperses the frame and comes to its end.
.............
"What are you doing?!" Your Majesty finally shows up in a heroic jerkin, "what is this place? All of you drank too much?!"
"Why do you hold viceroy Kone down? Still not let him go?" sees the Prime Minister slumped into a chair, Your Majesty goes over to him and asks, "don’t you feel not well? Or have you all forgotten the etiquette?!"
Did the ritual knees, I tried hard to put myself into the show, my face has grief, sad and injustice... And so on the complex expressions.
"Come on!" I say to myself, "it will be more perfect if I can squeeze out a few drops of tears!"
“Beg your Majesty to delivery the justice for your minister…” the Prime Minister faces down on his body crying, "I... Incredibly was beat by Kone this rascal..."
"Failure!" I'm very sorry in my heart, "he gets it first, where do my tears go to?"
"You Prime Minister, please don't get excited first." Your Majesty holds up the Prime Minister optionally, "you sit down first, let others to tell the detailed information."
The Prime Minister sits down with tears on, he nods his head...
"Father, about the thing that the Prime Minister gets beat," Feshert says, "I saw the whole process myself, should let me to tell it?"
"Well..." Your Majesty casts me one eye, it has kind of meaning that who let you to make a such big thing, he answers, "the Prime Minister is beat, it's not a small thing! Order! Call up the ministers, discuss this in the hall!"
............
In the palace basilica, all the minister collected.
"The thing is like this, the Prime Minister first said you this rascal, and then he gave the viceroy Kone a slap on the face," Feshert is not just ordinary clever, he knows how to tell the story from behind, and he puts the whole thing into several pieces, "and then the viceroy Kone dashed the Prime Minister onto the ground like crazy, he totally punched him... Twice."
"Your Majesty," someone steps forward, "there's still something before that..."
"Wait! Let's talk about this first, the rest can wait for a moment." the cooperation of your Majesty and his son is very nice, "your Prime Minister, is this what happened?"
"It is... like this."
"Then why the Prime minister scolds the name?" my father has a grouchy face to ask Feshert.
"The exact words are like this, the Prime Minister said," Feshert tells the process of the incident seriously, "I have something important! No matter what time, I will be waiting! Viceroy Kone he doesn't want to wait and he is leaving. The Prime Minister said how dare you, you walk a step to let me see. And then... Just like this, so finally, viceroy Kone beat the Prime Minister."
"Oh!" my father walks up to the Prime Minister and speaks to him, "it's all because Kone just take a few steps around you? I now walk a few steps to let you see! I'd like to see whether you also dare to scold me and hit me! Don't you forget that viceroys are not under your management?"
"Viceroy Vassel! Your Majesty says, "how do you learn to play the children nonsense!"
"Your Majesty!" my father points his finger at the Prime Minister, "he hit my son!"
"That's enough!" Your Majesty says with a little angry, "have you all finished?! All stand well for me! Let's put this down first!"
"But your Majesty..." the Prime Minister opens his mouth widely, "I was beat."
“Who let you to beat viceroy Kone first?” Your Majesty has a great vexed appearance, "this thing you are wrong first, let's just pretend that it never happened."
Under the joint efforts of several people, the thing beating the Prime Minister is taken away gently like this, what your Majesty said is also fair and reasonable.
"What else?" Your Majesty asks Feshert, "what kind of thing they have that they must want to see me?"
"The thing is," Feshert says with a loud voice, "the finance minister accused viceroy Kone for beating him in the finance department. In addition, the Prime Minister accused viceroy Kone for verbal abuse in the same place."
"So? You really can make troubles out." Your Majesty takes a look at me and says, "what did you scold for?"
"Your Majesty! I know!" the dean of the Royal Institute who haven't got the chance to open his mouth says, "viceroy Kone uses a kind of wretched language, he has the unilateral and mandatory wanting to have a kind of abnormal and unethical man and woman relationship with the Prime Minister's mother. Also, viceroy Kone also compared the prime Minister to some specific man organ. Well... The sort of not clean."
Speaks to this point, the old man's hands give a gesture too.
After the Prime Minister watches expressionless the bookworm who has some brain problems to show off his learning, his face muscles keep twitching. In the main hall, all the ministers are stunned, they lower their heads and think hard of what the real meaning of these words.
I'm in the side to fight the smile and my stomach is almost pulled out.
"Take a rest," Your Majesty's face lights up the odd expression, "we'll take a break. Anybody needs to go to the restroom.


15

More than haft of the people in the hall go out, they come back long time later, when I 'm cheerful to watch their distorting faces and twitched shoulders, I find out that Feshert gives me a look... I stop and take a look around, after all, the dean of the Royal Institute goes out too.
I look at Feshert sincerely and think on my mind, "what do you want me to do?"
"Get him, or you'll get smack for..." Feshert stares at the ceiling straightly, but the idea certainly goes to my mind clearly.
"Got it!" I don't post any doubt about this suggestion. I turn around and walk out, while I am looking for my target, I'm thinking what should I do too.
Come out of the hall, there are all levels of officials laughing on the way. I don't care the friendly of hatred eyes project on my body, I find the dean of the Royal Institute at a corner. 
The old man stands in the corner and faces to the elegant stone relief, as if he is trying to seek out the mistakes in his language earlier. Never in the notice that I give the gestures to the palace guards to block the people coming to here.
"Something wrong?" I walk to behind and hear that he's muttering to himself, "I don't have any wrongs in my words? Is it the tone? Why don't I feel myself that way?"
"I have heard that you have three sons?" I whisper in his ear, "all are your proud?"
He is shocked suddenly, his body has a quiver, and he turns around to look at me.
"You don't need to know about my family." he says, "Goodbye, Your Excellency."
Seeing nobody around, I take hold of his arm, push him against the wall with my body, I take a common pill out of my arms with my right hand, and stuck it into his wide-open mouth because of frightened, and then give his throat a pinch.
"How it tastes like?" I am sure that he has already swallowed it down.
"You you... What did you give me to eat?"
"A very common... That kind of medicine."
"That kind? What's that kind after all?"
"It's the kind that you will die if you're not obedient... That kind."
"Is it? Death... Can't scare me off." he straightens the slightly messy clothes, "you finish what you want to do, can you let me leave now!?"
"Well... You don't need to stare me with this kind of look," I smile happily and say, "I know that only your one man's life is useless to you, so now your family, including your those three sons, all are eating this kind of thing with relish."
"You!" the dean gnashes his teeth in hatred and say, "you... are very mean!"
"I have no other ways, who let someone to kick me out of the Royal Institute at first, it makes me lose the chance to have the orthodox noble education."
"What do you want me to do?"
"I don't want to get smacked, in addition, I don't want my money penny less." I say, "you come to find a way out."
In the palace, a corner not far from the toilet, in the sunshine, two shadows are whispering.
............
"I think, or should let the dean to tell the situation at that time!" looking at all the ministers gather at the hall, Your Majesty begins to speak first, "according to retell the exact words, no need to modify."
"Your Majesty," the dean lowers his head, "I have finished."
"Kone Cada," Your Majesty says, "tell us, why did you scold the Prime Minister?"
"Your Majesty," I say, "I don't admit this accusation!"
"Tell the reason why."
"Because, I didn't call him the names." I clear my throat, "the first words I spoke to the Prime Minister is: your mother... it seems like that my words are bad language. But everybody please notice, this sentence has a your word in front, so this sentence just I question the Prime Minister for rumors that I heard in the Saint Capital's marketplace."
“Is that so?” Your Majesty looks at the dean, "what do you think?"
"Now I remember, viceroy Kone's tone has the character of a question." the dean looks up with the face full of helplessness, "yes, this is a general question, I'm sure."
"Then... how do you explain the old bird words!" pointing the finger at me, the Prime Minister is shaking.
"This, I want to apology to the prime Minister first. Please forgive me to call you with the vulgar word. But this also not scold you." I speak to the Prime Minister with smile, "in general, we use the new bird to describe the new coming rookie. It seems that they have no experience. The old bird means exactly the opposite way. I'm praising that you have experiences and techniques!"
"Well?" Your Majesty asks, "have this kind of statement? Dean?"
"This means, literally, it seems that it's right to explain it in this way." under the threat of the family's lives, the dean makes all my favor "Grammar" explanation once again. He is the dean of the Royal Institute, if he says it this way, others will be not against him naturally. Only the Prime Minister people look at him with the malicious and puzzle eyes.
"Is it? Since it's like this, we'll not talk about this any more." Your Majesty says, "who will be the next?"
"Father," Feshert says, "it should be the expression of the finance minister that he charges on viceroy Kone."
"Well, finance minister, you can begin now."
The finance minister has become a "pig head", he walks all the way to the front, and his whole face is almost full with bandages.
"Your Majesty! You see," the dead "pig head" points at his own face with a front hog and says, "I was transferring the money for viceroy Kone, but who knows that viceroy Kone will slam me to the ground and beat me up!"
"It's not a light harm!" Your Majesty looks over at me, "Kone, what's the matter?"
"Your Majesty!" I kneel down next to the finance minister, "you give me five hundred thousand gold coins fund, but he corrupt half of it!"
"What's the matter?" Your Majesty wrinkles his eyebrows and asks, "I don't think that it would happen so?"
"It's true!" I shout, "I had all the good words, he only gives me two hundred fifty thousand!"
"Maybe he gives you the two hundred fifty thousand first, and gives you the other half couple days later!" Your Majesty says, "Why do you so impulsive! Beat people again!"
"It's not like that! The finance minister told me clearly," I point at the Prime Minister, "He will give the Prime Minister the other half!"
"Pa!" Your Majesty slams his palm heavily on the armrest, "the Prime Minister is the important country minister, you don't blather!"
"I have not."
"Finance minister!" Your Majesty has his face color changed, "whether the viceroy Kone tells the truth?! You give the Prime Minister the other half of the money?!"
The finance minister doesn't expect that things change so quickly, he is scared to have no voice by Your Majesty, he replies long after, "Yes... Yes."
The ministers are all outcry!
The same two hundred fifty thousand gold coins, it looks like no difference that repair the Prime Minister's mansion or give to himself. But it is different for the ministers who can pick the bone out of the egg, it is normal for the country to pay for the repair of the Prime Minister's mansion, but it is a corruption to give it to himself! A very simple use of the words, it can produce such the opposite effects unexpectedly. Even now the finance minister can shift saying to repair the mansion, and who will believe him? Heh heh, it's no wonder the way that the dean of the Royal Institute come up with for me, good, it's very useful.
"Prime Minister," Your Majesty says quietly, "can you explain it to me?"
"Your Majesty," the Prime Minister says, "I don't know anything about it! I really don't know."
"You said that it has nothing to do with you?" at this moment, my father finally stands out, "then why the finance minister not give the money to me?"
"Your Majesty!" the finance minister finally learns, "the money is used to repair the Prime Minister's mansion!"
“The Prime Minister's mansion has the repair every year!" the Prime Minister says with a loud voice, "who needs you to worry about the money? I think that you just want to enrich yourself! You still actually dare to private it under my name?”
My heart "Ge Deng" once! Bad, the Prime Minister is really remarkable, he abandons the wagon immediately just having a look at the situation! It seems that I have underestimated him, he is even willing to give up the finance minister, at least it means that this guy is affordable to put down the things. To play against this kind of guys, I need to be very careful.
The coming things are developing on the good steps we set, the finance minister's name becomes "the former finance minister" in a moment, he is put into jail and pick a day for his trial. Because the prime minister doesn't know about this, he avoids the investigation.
"Anyway, it's not so calm these days in the Saint Capital!" Your Majesty's eyes come to me again, huh? How come it harbor some malicious intentions? "What do you think? Viceroy Kone?"
"Hey hey... I... That... Me..." I have the "ha ha" in my mouth, I think in my mind, gush, whether someone wants to kick down the ladders?
"It looks like, it's too lookdown at you that saying you're impulsive." Your Majesty's right hand is playing the ring again! It means someone to be goosed if the movement appears on him every time! But it seems now, my situation is not that great.
"You are madness! Madness on top of the world!" Your Majesty is regardless of gape, he continues to say, "today to beat this one up, tomorrow to beat that one up. If I don't give you some good lessons, perhaps you will break a hole on the sky one day."
"But Your Majesty," my father says at the back, "Kone he has nothing wrong!"
"Have."
"Haven't!"
"I said have, it will have!" Your Majesty is almost in roar, "he damages my bucket chair in my office today!"
"Right!" the Prime Minister has both his eyes shined, "destroy the Royal property! Your Majesty can give him the punishments!"
"That's not my fault..."
"Somebody come in!" Your Majesty interrupts me, "pull this little bastard down to give him thirty army sticks!"
"Don't!" I'm terrified, "I didn't sit the chair broken!"
"Your Majesty!" my father says, "Kone is a civilian, he can't take the army sticks."
"Your Majesty!" has been dragging out of the door, I hear that the voice of the Prime Minister is in excitement, "you can seal a military position to viceroy Kone!"
"Then, commands, sealing the viceroy Kone Cada of the Darkness city as..." I have been dragged out far away, I can't hear it clearly.

... According to our latent personnel tipsters: Last month, there were a series of farces on in the Empire Spia. The leading role is the country's new noble viceroy Kone Cada, who was expelled from the Royal Institute in earlier years. He is vulgarly rude and no culture. As long as it is a little thing, he is possible to be fury. It makes people feel funny, this person incredibly was punished thirty army sticks with other not so important excuses... To sum it up, we should not spend too much time and energy on this man...
<<The Secret History of The Deity . Page 18>>


16

Several strong guards push me on the ground, a looks more gentle guy puts a cushion on my particular place of the skin, he gives me a smile.
"Be cooperated! Cry a bit more miserably!"
"One!" the stick in the guard's hand beats down.
"Ah..." I cry out loud, because I have the cushion on my ass, it doesn't hurt a bit.
"Two!" the stick in the guard's hand beats down again...
"Ah... Ah... Ah...!" the guard beats me twenty eight times, I cry out loud twenty eight times, and I try to cry differently every time.
Only two sticks left, I haven't seen the guard give me the beats for a long time, I'm a bit out of patience, I just want to urge them to finish the beating, so I can go home for dinner. I turn my head and see Feshert's crooked smile.
"No!" from his eyes, I do perceive the danger, sure enough, the cushion on my ass is picked away by him, I'm frightened out of my wits immediately.
With "Poof! Poof!" two sounds, my bottom gets two heavy beats. A stream of severe pain comes slowly and determinedly from the skin, to the bone marrow... I open my mouth, but nothing comes out, only hissing, hissing... Sucking the air back in.
"You..."
"Well, this is what my father said, the last two must beat for real." not seeing my innocent eyes, Feshert turns and says, "get up, my mother wants to see you."
I limp walking into the Royal garden, the running water and the good-looking flowers can't reduce my pain at all.
"My father said, if we don't beat you real for a few times, it'll let the cat out of the bag." Feshert guides me in front, "so, it's worthwhile for you, you have the military position with the meal of the army sticks."
"I don't care what military position I get or not, I will revenge!" I crack my mouth and say, "you remember this for me!"
"Literally... But you need to remember, you are going to have to call me Your Highness."
"Hey hey... I will have to wait and see, but aren't you the your highness yet?"*1
In the pavilion surrounded with the stream, we see the queen  Nashall. She is in a plain dress and sits on a small white stool, she has a flower scissors in her hand, she focuses on cutting the branches of an unknown plant which is put on the desktop.
"You are here," the queen Nashall speaks quietly, "sit and wait a bit for me, I'll be ready to finish this soon!"
"You please continue," looking at Feshert to sit down, think about my ass, I decide to give up the treatment, "it will be a little bit better for me to just stand over here."
The queen Nashall raises her head, she gives me a smile and continues to clip the flower. I can't help but stagnated, that smile... is that true, is that nature, it lets a person's body entirely free from worry.
Even a sound of birds can't be heard, only the stream water sounds are in the ears. I look at the queen puts down the scissors with the quiet and tasteful posture, she cleans her hand in the silver plate aside.
"I know what you did in this several days," the queen stands up, she puts the flower on the wooden fence of the pavilion, "what I don't understand is, why do you just pick this rude way."
"I..." don't know why, to such a kind elder, I'm actually very nervous, not to mention to tell the lie.
"Mother?" Feshert says, "can't Kone be a guy like this? You say all these is that he pretend to be?"
"You don't cut in," queen Nashall says, "tell me, Kone."
"I think... It's much... More directly." I try to remember the ideas at that moment, "save troubles."
"I understand now, is that supposed to be part of your personality?" queen Nashall walks up to the front of me, reaches out her right index finger, and points it on between my eyebrows, a bit of cool feeling that like the ripples on the water surface spreads out...
"A sixteen years old boy," the queen looks at me in the eyes and says, "why do you hide so many things in your mind..."
"Your Queen..." I earnestly interrupt her words in a hurry.
"It'll be alright to call me auntie," the queen interrupts my words, "for you, this is not that great?!"
"Yes, auntie Nashall." I surrender.
"You are now very dangerous," auntie Nashall sits down slowly, "don't you know that yet?"
I shake my head doubtfully.
"The Prime Minister, more than ten years ago, he is the general quartermaster this important position in the Deity belonged coalition forces in the Against war." auntie Nashall holds my hand and Feshert's hand, then she says, “a man can put four hundred sixty thousand people's shelters and foods in good order for two years, do you still think that such a man can be easily defeated by you?"
"Then..."
"That's because he despises his enemy. In these days that he serves as the Prime Minister, he doesn't have any big obstacles again, the only one is viceroy Vassel." auntie Nashall continues to say, "in his mind, there is no other threats. As for you, Kone Cada, you're the first variables of the Empire in nearly twenty years. For us it’s such, to the Prime Minister is the same as well, you always give him some blows whenever he is not ready. But, now he will put you on the list of threat, no matter what, he'll prepare for you. Now you're the most to be worried about."
"Mother, you're saying that Kone is in Danger?"
"What do you think? Why does your father use thirty army sticks to exchange Kone the military position for?"
"Hey hey, I don't know."
"Little bastards," there's a smile always on auntie Nashall's face, but the smile changes like a life with everyone's emotion, "let me tell you something."
"Now it looks like calm in the Saint Capital, actually it is already raging undercurrents. In the entire empire, only the fiefdoms of Kone father and son's are safe to you relatively. The one Kone's fiefdom is the best, because it's beginning to develop over there, there is no other power of parties enter there yet." she says, "give Kone the military position, Kone can build a large scale army over there."
"And then what?"
"Kone's army will be your household troops, you little stupid."
"Household troops?"
"Your father and I have discussed it well, you immediately go with Kone to the Darkness city together. There are a lot of opportunities for you to practice over there, you even can dodge all the disputes in the Saint Capital."
"Do you really want me to leave?"
"Yes, we come to play with the Prime Minister, you let go to do that in the Darkness city." auntie Nashall says to me, "Kone, you need to work hard, the more successful you are, the more strength we have."
"You rest your heart, we must can do it."
"You must really take this matter seriously, Kone. Do you remember all of what auntie said today?"
"I remember, auntie Nashall."
"There's one more point," auntie Nashall says, "auntie hopes that you do things after consideration in the future. For us, this world is full of all kinds of temptation ad dangerous. If you are not careful, you will get yourself lost."
"Then?" I ask, "what shall I do?"
"Let your heart to make the decision." auntie Nashall looks at me, "your heart, it will not cheat on you. In this world, in addition to your heart, what else we can rely on to guide us the direction?"
"We..." Feshert speaks stammered, "don't we have the Deity?"
“Now the Prime Minister," auntie catches Feshert's ear and says, "is not the spokesman for the Deity? You want him to come to you for the direction?"
After we discuss all of this, everyone has a little bit hungry, we three people in the pavilion have some snacks or sit or stand, chatting the daily life of the family.
"Oh, right, Kone," the queen says to me, "don't you have two beautiful fiancees?"
"Yes," I answer with a smile, "that was what I spilled the beans to make enough to get them."
"I don't care about that much, you go ask them to see me tomorrow."
"Why? Auntie Nashall?"
"You little bastard, this is about the reputation of two lovely girls!" auntie pulls my ear this time, "you think that you're just saying it as usual? I'm going to get you married."
"Auntie Nashall," I have the silly eyes immediately, "no need to be that hurry?"
“Why not in a hurry?" auntie smiles and say to me, "you this little bastard needs somebody to take good care of."
"I'm just only sixteen years old!" I'm in protest loudly.
"You will be with Feshert together later, what if the girl he likes likes you?" auntie Nashall speaks gently in my ear, "get you married first, I'm sure that I can set my mind at rest much more."
............
It's sunset, I lie on the stretcher, holding a pot of flowers that the queen send for my mother, and pretending "my, my" all the way back to the place where I live in the Saint Capital.

(Note1: Your Highness and Your Majesty are all the special calls. Your Highness is for the prince, Your Majesty is for the emperor.)  


17

After the Lola sisters go to see the queen Nashall a day later, my marriage thing which is in many people's concern is in intense preparation.
Because I am the Dark Moon city viceroy's son, so of course the wedding will be held in my parents' there. But it seems that all the people in the Saint Capital can get the news very quick, in just two days, the known or unknown ministers and the viceroys send their presents continuously in, they have a whole room occupied, that makes Jack joyous that he can't close up his mouth.
The most surprising thing is the Prime Minister, he sends the expensive gift like that he is nothing at all, it worries me that I don’t know what I supposed to do.
"What the big deal is this? You just need to go to their places to say thanks," my father says, "you need to go to every single one's house."
"Every one?" I ask, "Papa, do you know how many people send the gifts?"
"I don't know that," my father insists and says, "but you must go say thank you to everyone, none left out."
"What about the Prime Minister there?"
"It's the same to the Prime Minister there too," my father says, "Paralyzing the rival is the technique that he prefers to use, you just also pretend that there was nothing happened to say thank you to him, you still can do whatever you want to do after you finish doing it."
"But..."
"No need to say anything more." my fathers waves his hand, "my boy, you are a politician now, you need to learn how to have good relationship with as many people as possible, this will help your business in the future."
I sit in the carriage traveling through the streets in the Saint Capital with Lola sisters, according to the address on the gifts list, we visit them one by one. Just in a few days, I have been tortured to crazy by the noble etiquettes. But rather, both of them can deal with that lightly and decently.
"I'm the guard of viceroy Kone Cada." Jack who is in the light warrior dress speaks to the guard of the Prime Minister's mansion, "viceroy Kone Cada comes to visit Your Prime Minister with his two fiancees."
"Please wait a moment..." the guard turns around and goes in to report.
Taking the time of this period, I pull up the car window curtain with my hands, I slightly take a look at the Prime Minister's mansion which is not that strange to me. Instantly, the hybrid flavors of the complex feeling come up in my heart.
"What are you thinking?" Kelly whispers, "four former fiancee?"
"Don't be silly," Feline smiles and says, "be careful the sir viceroy will lose his temper. Now the nickname for our this sir viceroy is rascal viceroy!"
"Ha, are you afraid of him, sister? I will not be afraid of him."
I force a smile in my heart, I turn to look at them. Although they dress up in very common noble teen dresses, but that can't conceal the sisters a bit of charms, one fresh and peace, one gorgeous and dazzling.
"Let's get off the carriage," I say, "this will be the last one."
Under the lead of the Prime Minister's steward, we come to the hall. The Prime Minister is waiting over there, there are one male and one female sitting next to him. One has the cold on her face, she turns the blind eye to us. One stares right at me, the sight from his eyes can almost pierce through my body.
They are Lisa and Ricard! I burst instantly into anger in my heart, an idea that to kill somebody with a knife can't be suppressed down.
"Your Prime Minister." Feline holds my hand tightly, she puts another hand by her body side gently, she smiles to give the Prime Minister with a curtsy of younger woman.
"Ha ha, you can really match each other pretty well!" the Prime Minister laughs to say, "bless you."
"Thank you, Your Prime Minister," I somewhat sober a bit, "we come here to say thank you."
"You're welcome, viceroy Kone." the Prime Minister asks us to sit down, "then what time of your wedding will be holding?"
"This is the day that the queen sets," seeing my emotion is instable, Feline smiles and says, "next month the fifteenth in the Dark Moon city. please Your Prime Minister sure to come."
"It's too bad, on that day," the prime Minister looks at me, "my daughter will have an engagement ceremony with Ricard, I can't really walk away from it."
"That's really sorry." Feline pinches my hand once again, "we congratulate Miss Lisa and Mr. Ricard."
"Yes, congratulations, Miss Lisa." I stand up and walk to the front of Lisa, "please forgive me that I did not know in advance. I'll ask somebody to bring the present here later."
"Hmm!" after some daughter responses me with the sound from the nose, I walk to Ricard again.
"Congratulations to you once again, Mr. Ricard," I say, "you have a virtuous fiancee."
"Thank... You!" Ricard's facial expression becomes more ugly, he holds his both hands tightly on his knees, the blood vessels on the back of his hands are clearly shown out. Because in the Saint Capital, this young Miss is greatly famous for her debauchery, even a fool can tell the real meaning of my this sentence. At this moment, I can't help but feel a bit sorry for Ricard, after all, he was a proud people once.
"So, we have to leave now." I turn to the Prime Minister and say, "you please stay."
Holding two small and warm hands, I walk out of the Prime Minister's mansion, and get on the carriage.
"Shoo..." I breathe the evil spirit out of my chest heavily, as the carriage begins to move, my emotion gets better.
"So, better mood now?" Kelly smiles happily to look at me, "you had the look that want to eat somebody just now."
"I had?"
"Ha! If it wasn't for my sister taking hold of you," Kelly says, "I think that there will be a murder show on in the Prime Minister's mansion today."
"Maybe," Feline is as if deep in thought, "it can be said that the Prime Minister wants you to make some troubles there."
"Exactly," I say with a wry smile, "I just got noticed when I calm down, there are a lot of breathings around the hall during the time, when we were coming, I even heard the slightly bang of the armors." 
"Oh my!" Kelly covers her mouth with her hand, "they..."
"They just want to use Lisa and Ricard as the bait, get me angry, and then deal against us." now I have the fear when I think of it, "he will stand in the right side if we take charge first. I think today the Prime Minister must invite a lot of officials and nobles in the hall, they will wait for it  to come out delivering the justice."
"Then weren't we very dangerous just now?" Kelly asks.
"Yes, but we have the calm and beautiful miss Feline," I say with a laugh, "so we don't have an accident."
"In fact, all these what might have happened, uncle Vassel thought of all the dimensions," hear my words, Feline's face gets slightly flushed, "he also give us the ways to deal with."
"My father?!" I wonder, "why didn't you tell me?"
Back to the place we live, I tell my father what just happened.
"Or the queen has the great vision!" my father says, "are the wives she chooses for you very good?"
"Papa, what are you talking about?" I just feel awful, "what relation that have with this?"
"You think that it's an easy thing to choose a wife for you?" my father says, "that requires careful thought. Choose a good wife, just like today, you will have a lot of helps for your career and family. Choose a bad one, it's hard to say maybe you will die because of your wife."
"But Feline and Kelly have these kind of effects?" I can't help but ask, "today it's not you who would taught them how to do it?"
"Ha Ha, what my those little tricks counted for? The queen met them several times, I'm afraid that your auntie queen has taught them everything she knows." my father whispers, "and you mom, your auntie Belltina, which one doesn't have a lot of magic weapons? Son, you have to be careful of your two wives."
"Papa!" I say with a loud voice, "there must have your share in it too!"
"You go to prepare the gift for the Prime Minister's miss first!" my father doesn't care, "we have to go back to the Dark Moon city in a hurry, or it is too late to get everything ready."
"Oh!"
"I'll bring Feline and Kelly back directly," my father continues to account, "you and Jack can go to your Darkness city first to check around, it'll be alright to come back before the wedding."
"Oh, yes!" I say, "Papa, I'll forget if you don't say."
"Really admire you, you can forget a thing like this!" my father has a smile on his face, "Your Majesty has somebody to escort your five hundred thousand gold coins to the Dark Moon first. I think it's better just to leave the money in the Dark Moon, you just need to send someone to get how much you need every time, it's a bit safer this way."
"Alright, no problem." I ask my father, "then when do we leave?"
"We are leaving tomorrow." my father looks out of the window, "we have delayed a lot of time..."
.............
A few days later.
"Boss!" it comes Jack's excited sound, "we'll be there soon."
"Yes..." I look at the red sun over our heads, "I don't know how those guys are."
"We can see the sites of our city on that hill peak in front," Jack races urged the horse, "I'll go there to take a look first."
"He is really a quick-tempered guy!" looking at Jack's move, uncle Meza roars with a laughter.
"Boss! You come here and see!" Jack' s voice is earthshaking.
I and uncle Meza take a look at each other, we arrive to the top of the hill together. I look at the direction where Jack's finger points at, but I am shocked by the scene in front of my eyes!


18

The original plain is now divided into several pieces by the roads, and there are big and small different styles of tents all by the roadsides. The wood and the stones are shipped from the distance by the alien artisans, they are piled as high as hills on the construction sites.
"There should be one hundred thousand people here?" looking at the busy all races of artisans, uncle Meza speaks to me, "where they come from?"
I shake my head, I am not quite sure to this question.
"Don't we know that when we go there to take a look?" I say.
We group of people ride the horses down the hill in a hurry, they follow me to rush to a huge red tent in the distance. On the way we see that the artisans include all races, I count secretly on my mind, there are nearly ten kinds unexpectedly.
"Who is there? Off the horses!" in front of the tent, a dwarf guard shouts out loudly at us.
"It's the viceroy Kone Cada!" uncle Meza says with a loud voice on the horseback, "please bring us to see your leader."
"Please go in!" the dwarf guard takes a look at my eyes and hair, he cracks his mouth with a smile, "the leaders are discussing in the tent."
I get off the horse, no time to take off the dusty cloak, and walk into the tent from the unveiling tent door. 
To be out of my expectation, there are only three people in the tent to discuss something around a table.
"Who is it? Come in without a report?" the back at me Mogardi talks without turning his head, in his mind, the rules are always need to be abided.
"Boss!" Wen looks up and sees me, he rubs his hands and walks to me bypassing the table with a grinning cheek, "you come back?!"
"Boss!" Waldi says loudly, "you just come back now! We wait for you for a long time!"
"How come there are so many people out there?" I grab the cup on the table and put to my mouth, "where these many races come from?"
"Spectacular, huh? Boss, some are our people!" Wen says, "there are wing-men eight thousand, dwarves twelve thousand, sand-men twenty five thousand, and there are more than one thousand elves and dozens of blood-sucking vampire race people."
"And the humans and the artisans of the other races come from the Dark Moon ." looking at me horsing down the water, Mogardi says, "the total is forty thousand or so."
"The other races?"
"Yes, they are the refugees fled to the Dark Moon a few years ago."
I nod my head and ask, "just you three are here? Where are the other guys?"
"They are all here, Moah and Wensly they bring your drawings to the construction sites."
"Really?" I say, "how is the preparation going? Do your race people all support me?"
"It doesn't need to say, boss, your city is not our city too?" Wen smiles and says, "my father is so thrilled when he heard that you're the viceroy of here, he begins to gather the helpers right away and ask me to bring them to here. Our people are listening to your command!"
"There are no problem for the stones and the wood! Wensly  calculated it all, our transportation capacity can match up the progress of the projects." Waldi speaks to me, "the only problem is your drawing, everyone of us is scared by your drawing of the city."
"Am I back here?" hear this good news, I'm very happy, "tonight I will give you the detailed explanation of the drawings and assign the jobs, now just bring us something to eat!"
............
The night is as dark as ink outside of the tent, the atmosphere is hot in the tent. Not only are we there, even the vampire race people who act as the engineering commanders are all there as well.
"According to your drawings, we should start to build the roads and the drainage system first," Wensly speaks gently, the lights in the tent reflect on her face, white touched with red.
"It's like this," I say to everyone, "because the drainage system is under the ground, the roads are the foundation of the whole project, thus these two things need to be arranged in the first place."
"But isn't viceroy your city a bit too big?" a vampire people says, "although the scale of the city wall is a little smaller than the Saint Capital's, but with the outside sporadic towns and village, it's much bigger than the Saint Capital."
"It's like this," I nod my head, I appreciate the insight of this engineering commander very much, I point at the map and say, "you see, we don't have any other cities around for hundreds of miles, if we just build a city, and that will be worthy the name as a sole city. In fact, my idea is like this, we start with the Darkness city as the center construction, as long as the wall and the other necessary facilities are built up, then the construction of the city inside and outside will be synchronous, among them we put the focus on the small towns outside of the city."
"But why must we do it like this?" Hairt asks puzzledly.
"We only have three years time and five hundred thousand gold coins funds, this is far from enough." I look at everyone and say, "and now we have almost one hundred thousand human power, it's too many. I don't want to talk about the management problem first, it's difficult for us to solve the problem to let them eat satisfied. So we must choose in the nearly one hundred thousand people, let the qualified artisans to stay, and arrange the rest in the small towns and villages which are established around the Darkness city. They can develop the business and the agricultures, this will be a great support for the whole construction of the Darkness city!"
"You mean, the established small towns can provide us with money and food?" Marf gets his eyes twice the size.
"Yes!" I say, "we don't have the commercial and agricultural foundation that is enough to sustain such a large-scale city yet, thus we can properly slow down the construction in the Darkness city a bit. I want the healthy development of the whole territory, but not a deformity of big city."
"Then we can build the Darkness city a bit smaller!" Moah says, "that is not even better?"
"This is where the paradox is," I say with a wry smile, "in the whole continent, our territory is very big, the disorder of the races is even the first in line. Before, there were not much population, the public security chaos and the development left behind are all caused by not having a good management. But once we let her back on the track, then attracted by the fertile land and rich resources of the Darkness city, the merchants of the empire, or even of all over the continent, the civilians without land will flood in. By that time, a small Darkness city can hold them all?"
"It's like this, I see." Wensly says, "you want to have it very comprehensive."
"While it is just the start, thus we must have to do it better." I say, "let me assign the jobs. Wen, how many soldiers do your wing-men bring to here?"
"Well, for coming to the construction, so there are not many," Wen answers me, "there about three hundred."
"Bring them out from the construction site, with five members as a scout unit," I say, "spread them out in three hundred miles around the construction site of the Darkness city. No matter which direction must has it, you are responsible for the specific contact way."
"Yes!"
"Mogardi, how many soldiers do your sand-men bring to here?"
"Elite warriors two thousand, general warriors a lot." Mogardi speaks to me, "it's no problem for them to go to the battlefield."
"Put the elite warriors together, according to a small group of ten people, ten squads a squadron, and then ten squadrons in the form of a team." I think it over, "go equipped them with the horses, station one hundred miles away of the Darkness city, four directions each five squadrons. I appoint you as the commander first, I'll make some adjustments in a couple days."
"Yes!"
Waldi! Where are your men?"
"Boss, you know," Waldi says carelessly, "we dwarves people are all the soldiers!"
"I don't need that many." I laugh and say, "you pick one thousand people to form a team guards, they are mainly responsible for the order of all the construction sites. You listen up, the good order of the sites is very important for us!"
"Rest your heart! Boss!"
"Wensly, how many spirit magicians come with you?"
"None," Wensly says embarrassedly, "Don’t you say that it's only the construction?"
"But now the situation has changed, and we have to do the construction under the unknown what and when threats." I said say, "can auntie there send some people to here?"
"Yes," Wensly says, "but how many do you need?"
"Two hundred will be great," I say, "it should be no problem if so!"
"Alright, I will write to my mother tomorrow."
"Then," I ask the vampire people who just talked to me, "how many people come with you?"
"Eighty!" he stands up and says, "they are all the elites in our race!"
"Oh! I'm sorry." I say, "I forgot to ask what's your name."
"My name is Kainam," he says, "I'm Wilsa's elder brother."
"I didn't expect that, how's wilsa?"
"She is very good, she just often brings the calamity." speaking of his sister, Kainam has a smile on his face, "What should we do?"
"I want to break apart your people, your people work with a thorough care, and have the talent of creation." I say, "you distribute your people with the system of the construction sites in the Darkness city, everyone is responsible for directing the construction of one system. The rest of the people are responsible for the town construction sites outside of the city, they automatically become the acting mayors after the construction sites are built, until the new mayors arrive."
"As your wish," Kainam says, "we'll try to do our best."
"Then what shall we do?" Hairt asks, "how come there are none of our business?"
"Sure have, how could I forget you." I say, "you and uncle Meza go set up a headquarter to command all the military units in the Darkness city. The officers can be selected from the senior guards, also can be recommended by the leaders of all the races here."
"Yes!" Hairt replies me with a loud voice, uncle Meza just have a smile.
"Jack and Marf," I think it carefully, "you and all the race leader begin to build the city hall for the Darkness city."
"City hall?" Marf opens his mouth widely, "what is that?"
"It's the agency to manage all the affaires of the Darkness city, you must first manage and coordinate the urban construction now. For the later business, you just wait for me to come back from the Dark Moon city to tell you."
"You still need to go back to the Dark Moon city?" Marf asks, "what do you go back there for?"
"You still don't know yet?!" Jack says with a loud voice, "boss goes back there to get married!"
Looking at Wensly that suddenly become gray face, I am incessant grumbling in the mind, I just want to strangle Jack this mouthful guy by myself.


19

People leave after the meeting, I sit on the grass, look at all the ever bright stars over on the sky and have my nerve-racking, Wensly, how should I explain to you?
A firefly flies around from the grass sending out the fluorescence from its tail, it flies up and down slowly in front of my eyes. I stretch out my hands and put it in my palms, I say to it, "my friend, make you suffer from the injustice for a moment." I stand up and walk to Wensly's tent.
"Miss Wensly hasn't come back yet." an elf standing next to a blue tent tells me, "you can go to look for her elsewhere."
I almost run all over the whole elf camps with sorry, but I still can't find her, where would she go to? I begin to ponder Wensly's mood now...
"Is there a river or lake nearby?" I grab a passing by elf and ask, "the environment is a bit quiet that kind." 
"Yes..." or I grab him too tight, he warps his mouth corners up a bit, "there is a small river should comply with your request there."
"Thank you!" I put him away, run out to the direction where he points at.
What annoying is, I sought along the river bank for a long time, I still haven't seen Wensly yet.
"It's a nightmare!" I begin to kick a rock into the river to let off, the water splash up, it breaks this quiet summer night.
"What are you doing?" a familiar voice comes from the other side of the river, though the tone is not very kindly, but it is really a soothing sound to me now.
"Wensly, why do you on the other side there?"
I walk directly through the river to there, it's not bad that the river is not too wide, "I've been looking for you for a long time."
"What's the business, viceroy Kone?" it seems that the wet clothes don't have the comedy effect I want, Wensly says to me with a cold face, "if you have nothing matters, please leave me alone."
"Yes, of course there's something!" I stare blankly a bit, I say, "I have something for you."
"What's that?" it seems that Wensly is somewhat listless.
"You look," I open my left hand which has been grip into a fist in front of her, "it's your baby."
It's really backfire! The bug doesn't fly away as what I want it to be, the poor guy is still struggling in my palm's sweat.
"You this idiot!" Wensly help carefully the firefly to relief with her finger, she wrinkles her eyebrows to scolds me, "why can’t you be more careful a bit?"
"I'm sorry." I'm very glad, at least the accident changes the embarrassed atmosphere that shrouded between both of us, "because I was too nervous."
"Don't say sorry to me," Wensly puts the firefly on her finger, she blows on it gently with her mouth, "this firefly is really so poor… It's brought to here by somebody who doesn't like it."
"Then..." hearing the pun words, I feel pins and needles on my scalp, "we can send it back, let it back to its happy life."
"It'll be alright that we just send it back?" Wensly says quietly, "it can forget that it has been brought to here by you?"
"Can I... Sit down?" my intuition tells me, I should better to think this kind of problem clearly before I answer, "you know, I am not used to just stand around."
Wensly doesn't speak, but I can tell that she has allowed my suggestion from her expression.
"Wensly, if now your mood calms down," I sit down, I look at her and say, "I have some important words to say to you."
"Tell me, I'm listening."
"It's like this," I say, "there are a lot of things happened in the Saint Capital this time, the marriage between me and Lola sisters is one of them, it's decided under the queen Nashall's intervention."
"Feline and Kelly are Wensly's good friends," Wensly says with a insipid tone, "I'll feel happy for them."
"You..." my heart is getting a knot, "please don't interrupt my topic?"
"Sure."
"Now the situation of the empire is not very optimistic." I comb through my thought and go on, "so my father and Your Majesty Krimer seems conceived of a plan, as part of this plan, my wedding will be held next month."
"What else?"
"The time is too tight." I say, "I have no other way to notice you."
"If it's like this, you finished?" Wensly has the tears in her eyes, "I need to go back now!"
"You wait a minute!" I stand up quickly and take hold of Wensly, "am I explaining to you now? Even I'm such as the most serious sin, you still need to wait for me to finish my words!"
"What else you can say?" Wensly looks at me, the tears finally fall down from her eyes, "you'll go back to the Dark Moon city to get married, the brides are my best friends, this fact can be changed?"
"Can't changed." I say, "but you can marry me too."
"No!" Wensly says firmly, "I don't want to marry you."
"Why?"
"You already have two wives..." Wensly lowers her head in pain, "and they're my best friends..."
"Wensly, you look at me!" I embrace her tightly, her body trembles in my arms, and she finally looks up at me, "you answer me, in such a long time after we know each other, haven't you feel that I love you? You think about it, the lakeside by the place we lived in the Saint Capital, the days we got along in the Dark Forest... Are all these less then an engagement paper?"
Wensly bites her lips tightly, and her eyes blur up...
"Don't be sad," I carefully wipe away the tears in her eyes, "as long as we love each other, the rest can't be counted as problems."
"But... You're getting married." Wensly says, "and that is not a problem?"
"Yes, I'm getting married," I say, "but no one said that the brides can be only two!"
"You..." Wensly looks at me with her big eyes, she almost says with desperation, "there are others as well?"
"yes, it's you!" I say with smile, “the beautiful spirit, miss Wensly!"
"Ah!" Wensly is surprised, it's obviously that she doesn't have any preparation for this, "I... No..."
"My dear Miss Wensly, I'm here proposing to you now," I say, "are you not going to answer me? This is my first time to propose."
"No!" Wensly pushes me away mercilessly, her face flushes, and she has a smile on the corners of her mouth, "I'll not promise you!"
"Ah! It's hurting my brain!" I hold my head with my both hands and say, "it seems like that I must go to see the auntie spirit by myself."
"How dare you!" Wensly pretends the very ferocious look and says.
"I don't have anything that I don't dare to do," I hold her hands once again, "do you know? My nickname is called the rascal viceroy now."
"Ah!" Wensly is sneaked in by me suddenly, I kiss gently on her lips.
Wensly who just lost her first kiss has her face full of shy, she forgets to reprimand me, just stares at me for a moment, and then runs away like a gust of wind, it leaves me standing by the river and giggling "hey hey" all by myself.
............
The elf communication mode is really strange, in less than three days, a letter in reply of auntie spirit is placed on my desk.
"Boss!" Jack looks at me, "what's the good news? You don't have to smile so exaggerated?!"
"Jack," I wave at him, "you come to take a look at it."
"Can I see it?" Jack feels pleased and runs over to me, "I really can?"
"You this bastard!" I take hold of Jack and slam him onto the ground, "I almost forgot to give you lesson!"
"Help...!" this time it's Jack's turn for exaggeration.
Early the next morning, after we arrange all the jobs for everyone, I bring the guards with Wensly dashing to the Dark Moon city...


20

We return to the Dark Moon city which I have not seen for a long time, we go back to my house. From the moment when we enter the city gate, we can feel the intense celebrating atmosphere, the hanging ribbons and the joyful residents are everywhere. Because I have a head of black hair and black eyes, the in ordinary costume me is recognized by all the people. From the on duty guards at the gate to the normal civilians, from the shambling old men to the running helter-skelter on the street children, almost all the people give me the friendly smiles, they express their blessing to me with what they think the most appropriate way.
Even he viceroy mansion of the Dark Moon city is decorated with lanterns and colored with hangings, the guards in front of the mansion change in the new clothes. The in and out people are even several times of that much in my memory.
"How are you, third childe!" a guard takes over the rein from my hand, because he is the house bodyguard, so he calls me like this instead calling me the viceroy, "the first childe and the second childe are also back to the town!"
I smile and nod my head at him, I don't care about Wensly's opposition, I turn back to force holding her hand and enter the door, Wensly's sneaking face turns to thoroughly flushed in people's eyes.
"Papa! Mama!" I stand in the atrium shouting, "I'm back."
"Back is back! What are you shouting for?" my mother comes out from my father's study room with two beautiful ladies chaperoning her, she takes a look and recognizes Wensly out by my side, she immediately casts me out to the clouds, "come here and let me take a look, Wensly, since when our little elf becomes so beautiful?"
"Auntie Kathleen," Wensly shakes off my hand in a hurry, she runs over to take hold of my mother's hands, "how do you do!"
“Mama, I bring back the flowers which the queen send you!" "Abandoned" by these women, I'm unwillingly to walk over to there to speak with grimace, "you don't introduce these two beautiful ladies to your son?"
"Knock it off, you." my mother knows clearly the tricks by me who grew up in her bosom, she knocks slightly on my forehead and says, "These are your elder brothers' wives-to-be, go go go, go find your father and brothers, don't bother us talking." when my mother speaks, the two ladies by her side who I don't know are smiling at me.
"This... Mama," I pull my mother aside, I explain the details to her about the things between Wensly and me, "please mama give me more helps!"
"Really? This time you think of me! You went out for that long and never wrote me a letter, it really waste me doting on you for these many years," my mother pulls my ear and says, "what do you want me to say to Feline and Kelly? You want me to tell them like this, there will be one more bride in tomorrow's wedding?"
"This is your strength!" I give Wensly a wink and run away, "you can tell them, I will not get married without Wensly."
"Come back... Ah, come on, let's call on Feline and Kelly, we go to see the flowers which the queen sent me."
When my mother's voice comes from behind, I have already run far away.
I straighten my outfit a bit and walk into my father's study room. For the recent period, it's more and more obvious to see the trend that the action of my former life is used on my body. Straightening the outfit before seeing the superior, it's also a small habit under my former strict military training.
My father sits at the desk facing the door, he is listening to my eldest brother Lef saying something, my second elder brother Sefta stands smiling aside in a clipping decent knight casual.
"Look, our groom comes back," my father smiles and says, "how is everything on the road? How is the situation over there?"
"Everything is fine!" I just finish my words, I have been clasped around by my two strong figure brothers tightly.
"Hey! I'm glad to see you standing over here now!" Lef first give me a fist on the shoulder, "we are all sad when we hear the news that you get hurt."
"I'm fine, I'm fine." seeing my second elder brother Sefta raises his hand and is ready to give me a fist like what my eldest brother did, I quickly embrace my eldest brother more tightly, "I'm really sorry, let you guys worry."
"That’s right!" my second elder brother's fist can't find a place to land, he has to turn it to palm, and he pats on my shoulder heavily, "if it wasn't for us in the  army, we would be in the Saint Capital long time ago to vent the anger for you."
"All right," my father calls us, "come over and sit down, let's listen to Kone to tell us about the situation of the Darkness city there."
"In general, it's good." I take over the cup that my eldest brother hands to me, I take a sip, and speak to them, "the early preparations are very good, the personnel side is very sufficient too. But the money seems not enough, in addition, we lack a large number of senior commanders for the new troops which I am going to build, the clerks for managing the daily affairs are very scarce in particular. Those guys are either warriors or sorcerers, they have already put all the energy into the vocational skills, if you ask them to manage the people's livelihood, sorry, their heads have been filled full with the magic or the fighting skills.”
"We can't help you about the problem of money," my eldest brother wrinkles his eyebrows, "I can think of a way for you to solve the lack of the commanders. After all, I and Sefta ate the  brigadier generals in some point."
"That's right, you just rest your heart!" Sefta says to me, "if there is people trying to intervene, we can make some of our good officers to break away from the military status, and then bring our recommendation letters to your place there directly."
"Well, this is a good ides," my father slightly think it over, "what do you think, Kone?"
"In general, it works," I say, "as long as you give me one to two years, I think I can train a group of qualified officers at all levels to take over."
"You?" my second elder brother stares at me straightly, "training?"
"Let's not talk about this first," my father interrupts my two elder brothers who still want to continue to ask me, "now let's talk about the problem of the clerks."
"I have no ides for this!" my eldest brother spreads out his hands and shakes his head, "Sefta and I have none of these kind of people in hands."
"You don't need to worry about this," my father smiles and says, "I have a lot of clerks here."
"Oh?" I'm shocked to ask, "since when? How come I don't know?"
"From after you three were born, your father I began the trainings." my father's facial expression is a bit proud, "ten years a term, all ages. Especially in recent years, one point is that Kone doesn't have fighting skills, the other point is that the whole Empire's situation is critical, I increase the reserves in the talent side."
"It's hard to see!" I put my hands on my father's shoulders devoutly, "Papa you have a great foresight!"
"So in this way, the talent problem is solved too." my second elder brother says, "for the thing that not having enough money, Papa you have what good ideas?"
"Yeah..." talking about the money, even my father wrinkles up his brows, "this is the key, Kone, tell us again your detailed construction plan."
"Alright!" I take the drawings of the Darkness city and the surrounding towns out of my arms, I explain the details...
"Even though your this idea is very good and very feasible," my father looks at the map carefully, "but just this mush is far, far not enough."
"Then can we ask your Majesty to add some more to the fund?" my eldest brother asks, "and Kone has the military post now, he also should have some military fund available in hand."
"Your Majesty this time the five hundred thousand gold coins is already a great spending." my father shakes his head and says, "continue to add some more is impossible. The Prime Minister that side is eyeing at the Darkness city, there are even more problem to deal with Kone's military fund, it can't even divert a copper coin."
"Originally, we can provide Kone supports from our territories," my elder brother says with full apology to me, "but the past few years, the empire's taxes are so heavy in the Temple's pressure. I'm sorry, Kone, looking at those hungry civilians the desperate eyes, I really don't have any idea..."
"It doesn't matter!" I pat on my elder brother's shoulder and say, "this my that kind-hearted elder brother."
"To realize your idea," my father says, "that needs at least one million gold coins. Where can we find such much money to fill the gap?"
Along with my father's words, we four people are all in silence, we start racking our brains to think of the ideas...
Right at this moment, a rush of footsteps spoils our thinking.
"Kone Cada! Come out!" Kelly looks angrily standing by the door to call out my name, but sees that my father and brothers are all in the room, she lowers her voice to apologize in a hurry, "I'm sorry, uncle Vassel."
"What are you doing? Didn't you see that we are discussing some important things?" money is the head molestation in pain, I don't have the good spirit to answer her. Change for the other time, I would be sure to have a good talk with her, but, who asks her to bump in to the muzzle now.
"You please come out!" Kelly's tone is very firm, that makes the original bad mood me have more angers in my heart.
"That won't be necessary," I stand up and say very impatiently, "say what you want to say now! We haven't finish our discussion yet."
"You!" she doesn't expect that my attitude is so tough, Kelly obviously has some real angers too, "well, I can just say it right here! What's the matter about Wensly?"
"What's the matter?" although I have already prepared for this thing in my heart, but hear Kelly speaks in such tone, it still makes me can't hold the fire back, "didn't my mother say it to you?"
"Auntie Kathleen said to me," the stubborn Kelly still would not give in, "but I wouldn't accept it!"
"What did you say!" for a moment, as if the character of the former life completely is back to life, I "Deng Deng" two steps walk from the desk to in front of Kelly. With a kind of eyes she has never seen before, I stare at her coldly. Kelly's face turns pale white by the sudden change, she takes a step back subconsciously. My father and brothers at the table and the coming Feline from distance are all astonished to see this scene.
"You listen, Kelly, I will just say it only once." I ignore all the eyesight, I speak to her, "Wensly and we are all good friends, I have already proposed to her, and I got her and auntie spirit's affirmative replies. Tomorrow, Wensly will marry me with you all together, I hope that you can accept her friendly."
"That's all?" Kelly's eyes are full of tears, she can't believes to look at me and says, "you just have a few words like these to speak to your fiancee? No any other words?"
"I have nothing else to say." in my former life, the women's tears is one of the things that I hate the most. In my consciousness, a women just need to give her husband care and comfort, why do they want to try to set the men's heart with the tears as the chains?
"I have already answered your question, now you may leave, to do your own things" after I finish this sentence, I turn   around and walk back to the table and sit down. I take a deep breath, my mood disorders to the fullest point.


Extra The Legend of The Darkness--Prince Feshert

If you don't count in the mistake this time, Feshert has been a proper prince.
From childhood on, Feshert is already a good baby. He has a handsome face and is not very active, he has been more than once mistaken as a girl by the Palace new guards and maids, his elegant temperament even makes a person can't stare at him for long. 
But, if you look down on him because of his look, you are making a great mistake. Your Highness Feshert has read a lot of books and he is knowledgeable, he often questions the mentors speechless.
In the aspect of magic cultivation, because the three great royal magicians of his emperor father teach him with all their hearts, Feshert's magic ability has been far beyond his peers a lot. And the fighting skills? He can fights evenly with his emperor father with a one-hand sword.
Nobody ever doubt that prince Feshert will be a good king in the future.
To the thing that he will inherit the king in the future, Feshert doesn't have any other different views himself, even though it is not very accord with his own character, but the fact is that he was born to be a prince himself. 
But, from another point to view, he thinks the Saint Capital is very stuffy, you can be overwhelmed hard to breathe. At this time, only the hunting can let him to leave the Saint Capital for a while. Even it can't be too long, but what else choice can he have? Thus the hunting becomes the only activity that can make himself with a good mood.
Seeing he is interest in hunting, the Prime Minister sends him a sword and tells him, there is kind of creature is the most difficult to hunt in the whole continent, and that is the dragon! If he can hunt a dragon with the identity of prince, that will be the symbol of national prosperity.
He also wants to use the dragon skin to make an armor gown for his father. It must be beautiful for his emperor father to wear it up. His queen mother always says, his emperor father is the most mighty and clemency emperor in the whole continent.
In that day the dragon showed up in the nearby to the Saint Capital, the Prime Minister sent somebody to tell him about the news immediately, his emperor father was not in there right at that time.
Who knows that this time it was an accident, if it is not for that guy named Kone, he'll really can't come back this time.
After lying in viceroy Vassel there for a day, prince Feshert was brought back to the Palace by his emperor father and queen mother, he knows the disaster that he made this time is not a small one, not only the whole team of the body guards are dead, but also he almost lose his life.
"Dragon, are they so vulnerable?" his queen mother begins to teach him on the road, "don't even say that they are also the creatures that have thoughts!"
"But," Feshert still wants to say something, "the Prime Minister said..."
"Don't talk about this on the road," his father stops him, "we will deal with you when we get back to the Palace!"
In fact, the prince Feshert is very regret too, how could I buy it just after listen the Prime Minister a few words? At first, I just wanted to go out to have some fun that day, who knows that dragon can't fly fast enough!
In his father's study room, Your Highness Feshert told all these things to his parents.
After hearing his words, the queen mother looks at his emperor father, and the emperor is wrinkling his eyebrows.
As an emperor, Krimer Harmer of cause is an experienced person. The nearly twenty years of king career, it makes him can tell at a glance that whether his own child is lying or not.
His son is not lying, then it is worth deliberating what the Prime Minister's goal is for doing all of these.
Krimer Harmer shakes his head, there should be no flaws for his and Vassel's plan, this plan has been in the implementation many years ago.
In fact, when he was still a prince, he had already made a prototype for the plan with Vassel Cada's help, and what the plan needs to deal with is the Prime Minister and the other officials sent by the Temple(the Deity Palace).
The officials sent by the Temple are very special, they have the normal officials' right, they also monitor the organization of the authorities in all of the empires. In certain degree, they represent the Temple, they are the eyes and ears of the Temple. They will interfere with a lot of things, and also pointing fingers at the emperors. 
It will be alright that they just interfere with the general affairs, but the officials sent by the Temple are not the deities, but the human beings. And as the normal human being, they will inevitably have many defects. These defects have some in the abilities, but more terrible thing is the personalities.
They have the supports of the Temple, the defects are rapidly growing up to the bad habits, entangling the faction, cultivating the forces, the endless pursuing of rights, and the pursuing of erosion all these things. 
As long as you can't catch the serious fault they make, you have no idea to deal with them. Even you can catch one and get rid of him, but the temple still will send somebody else to you.
What can you do? Every empire is the same like this in the whole continent, it's impossible to escape the "guide" by the two Temples.
In his childhood, he saw that his father were very dissatisfied for the officials sent by the Temple, maybe any emperor who wants to make a difference will not be satisfied as well. But what else his emperor father can do? What's the difference between to against the officials sent by the Temple and to against the Temple itself?
Seeing his emperor father's appearance of anguish, Krimer told himself more than once, he would never compromise! A hard-edged people like him, how can he hang his head to these officials sent by the Temple? Of course, what he wants to deal with is the officials sent by the Temple, but not the Temple itself. He clearly knows that he can't never fight the Deity of the Brightness. In fact, Krimer is an adherent of the Deity of the Brightness himself too.
This plan is very huge, it can let the officials sent by the Temple same as non-existing.
Krimer feels his own son, the sixteen years old Feshert, the problem he is facing now is the same as which he had at his the same age, that is having no friends.
Krimer would not like to stay in the Palace when he was a prince, he liked to stroll around the most, thus he met the now viceroy of the Dark Moon city, Vassel Cada, a guy with bad magic and worse fighting skills, but he has a very intelligent brain.
How many times, just with Vassel Cada's intelligence and his own vigor, they got though the difficulties together, they became the best friends.
People, the things they need are too many, one of the most important thing is the friendship.
"Feshert, I'll not blame you." after Your Majesty Krimer gets this over, he smiles to his son and says, "but you have to promise me, you can't be reckless like this any more."
"Yes," Feshert says, "father, I'll remember."
"Ah, I say how can you do this to him." The queen Nashall gives him a stare, "you just let him go like this, will he make everything a mess in the future?"
"Mess? I just want him to make everything a mess," Krimer says with a laugh, "I'll clean up the mess after him, the future emperor of the Empire! That's a lovely baby can be that? Think about it at the first, I was boasted as the most wicked prince in the whole continent, but now you can see, I become the best king and father. You say it, in the whole content, which emperor just has only one wife? It's just only me!"
"You..." The queen Nashall has a sigh, "I don't want to talk to you two, a pair of clowns!"
She goes out after she finishes her words, she turns her head back when she walks to the door, "I'll ask the people to bring the dinner to the garden, you two just come over when it's time."
"Hey hey, son," after queen Nashall left, Krimer say to his son, "tell me, what do you think about Kone Cada? Can you get along with him?"
"Yes, we can, father," Feshert answers, "we can get along very well with each other."
"Really?" Krimer continues to say, "do you want to continue to get along with him? I mean, like traveling together, exploring together? Or rather to say, you still want a friend like this after you were the emperor?"
"Can I?! Father?" Feshert has the shines in his eyes, "can I really have?"
"Why do I need to lie to you?" Krimer says with a smile, "I see that you are tired of staying in the Saint capital, before I pass this position to you... you should also go out to see the world, to see the different things from the Palace."
"Thank you, father!" Feshert asks, "when?"
"Just wait, I'll have the arrangement for you first..."
That evening, the couple discuss this issue for a long time, because of queen Nashall's opposition.
"How can this work?" she says, "they're just all kids, then just let them act recklessly?"
"We were children too when you met me," Krimer says, "if I was not fooling around at that time, you would become my wife?"
"That's not the same!"
"What's the difference?" Krimer says, "I see that Kone Cada is very good! And he's Vassel's son too. Where to find a good helper like this for Feshert? This will do Feshert's favor in the future, don't you regard that group of old bastards well?"
"Nashall. I know you worry about our son, I'm also the same," Krimer takes hold his wife's hands and says, "but you should know, since the Prime Minister has had some actions, Feshert will have dangers later. On the contrary, the places beyond the Saint Capital are all safe. Besides, the plan of Vassel and me may not be completed in one generation. At this moment, if Feshert and Kone can join hands, that will be most likely to succeed!"
"Well, I don't know what else to say," the queen Nashall says, "when will you let me concern less for you guys?"
"Don't worry, my dear," Krimer says, "in Vassel there, the plan is going on very well. Even if we don't have the good opportunity this generation, I will still want my son to be a true hero."
"There are so many emperors in this continent, the other emperors are all living like this," the queen Nashall says, "why can't my husband live like the same as they do?"
"Because I'm a person who hate to be neglected, I want to be a real emperor. Vassel and I are two complete different characters."
"But... We don't know too much about Vassel's this son!"
"Want to know about him? That's easy, you just wait and see!" Krimer smiles and says, "we just let him to do a few things, we can have a good test on him!"
............
When kone comes to the Saint Capital once again, he is here to be knighted. Under the acquiescence of his emperor father, Feshert can go to Kone's living place during his time in the Saint Capital, and take a chat with Kone or do something else.
To Feshert, even Kone's strange thoughts can let him feel the novelty, but the thing attracting him more is, the feeling that he is with Kone together. Being with him together, he never feels overwhelmed, that's because the funny things keep happening around Kone, and he will time to time to give you some mischief... Anyway, in short, around Kone, there are only friends and brothers, no prince and civilians.
Staying with Kone together, there is no pressure at all.
In the Palace where he grows up, he never knows that there are actually such emotion among people. When he got injured and lied down with Kone in his carriage, the sincere strong friendship between Kone and his friends, that's a kind of friendship that can't be cut off by knife and sword, has moved him to want to cry...
It should be said, the half-dead Kone who he met before he gets injured is more attractive. He clearly knows that he's going to die, he still has that same way to treat him, the contempt eyes, it seems like that he doesn't care about anything. But, it is this man, when his life fire is going to be put out, he saved that dragon, and saved him too.
It seems that they two should be born as partners, his and Kone's every move is so in harmony together. Sometimes, they two even don't need to talk, just a glance, they will know what the other one is thinking about.
Kone gets that large fiefdom as his wish, and he becomes the viceroy of the Darkness city too, this makes himself very happy. Although all of these are plotted well by his emperor father and viceroy Vassel in advance, but nobody expect that Kone can really did all of these.
But his queen mother still somewhat can't rest her heart, she says that she still needs some time to observe Kone. Even though he understand that because his mother worry about him, but once he think of that the time he can go to Kone there is delayed, he still will have some regrets.
In the eyes of the outsiders, the Saint Capital must be infinitely brilliant! But in his view, there is just simply inanimate, he feels that it's unbearable to stay in the Saint Capital just for one more day.
Fortunately right at this time, Kone makes a big deal at the city gate of the Saint Capital, dozens of people take apart hundreds of guards of the city defense department terribly. This nobody ever thought about thing, let his emperor father have the chance to replace all of the officers that the Prime Minister assigned in the city defense department, it makes his emperor father happy to laugh for a whole night long.
He runs to ask his queen mother in a hurry, whether he can go to the Darkness city with Kone or not.
"What's the fantastic of fights?" who knows his mother says like this, "a brave man may not have the strategy, and the Vassel family is the most good at using their intelligence but not the fists to solve the problems."
Then his emperor father has a bet with his queen mother, if Kone has the idea to take care of that finance minister, who is getting closer to the Prime Minister, his queen mother will not hold on her idea.
This makes Feshert very worry, you know, the finance minister is not the average people can be deal with, that's a very cunning guy. In order to be a fare bet, he can't leak it out to leak Kone know earlier as well.
When the finance minister and the Prime Minister drag Kone to the Palace, Feshert's heart almost jumps out from his chest, let along watching Kone beats the Prime Minister. At that moment, he even thinks that Kone would be goosed.
But the result is out of everybody's expectation, Kone not only took care of the finance minister neatly, but also deal the Prime Minister once. He lets the Prime Minister and the dean of the Royal Institute have a contradiction, and let his father have the chance to give Kone the military position, this makes Kone has all the conditions which a reserved minister should have.
And after a series of observations on Kone, his mother finally agrees his request!
His emperor father makes him as the special envoy for Kone's wedding, he brings a lot of gifts, he is perfectly justifiable to leave the Saint Capital.
Think of all the life outside of the Saint Capital, Feshert can't help getting excited, the waves of the bright sunshine, the green grassland, the pure and fresh air... And, the solid sentiment of friends, all this beautiful things, all are waiting for him!










