Quest
Book  4
L.Z. Mencha
Smashwords Edition
Copyright Yufeng Zhuang 2013


1

I was sent back by cotton candy, after a moment of confusion, my consciousness returned to the body. 
There was not a place not feeling pain on my body up and down, with the scorching hot spasmodically, the heavy exhaustion made me almost could not think.
I tried my best effort to use my sense to feel all of the outside world. Indistinctly, someone was shaking my body, I don't know what he is doing.
With the time passed by, the sounds by my side became clearer, that was someone talking.
"Boss... You get to wake up quickly! They are going to dress up for you! They will bury you if you don't wake up!" This... This should be Marf's voice.
"Marf, can you be sober-minded a bit!" It's Hairt's voice, "it's been for a month, boss has been..."
"No! Please don’t! Just wait for one more day! Is it alright to just wait for one more day? Hairt, I beg you, please, just wait for a little bit longer..." I don't even need to think, this break into tears voice is Jack's.
"Brother, we've been waiting over for a lot of days..."
"Please just wait for one more day..."
"What about this," Hairt said, "let's ask Feshert come to take a check for one more time, if boss is really... You can't stick to it any more."
"Mmm..."
"Moah, go ask Feshert to come over here."
After a moment, a voice come from outside of the door, and it got closer and closer, "don't drag me... This morning I told that Kone is getting better... There's hope that Kone will wake up... Don't you drag me... One day one time to take a look is good enough..."
Hairt roared loudly, "all you say every day is all the same like this! Today uncle Vassel told us to stop the clowning!"
Feshert's helpless voice sounded by my side, "he seems really dying... You have even changed all his clothes."
"Do you think that I want to do this!?" The angry Moah must grabbed somebody's collar, "he is my boss! The always taking care of us boss!"
"Where are Feline them?" Feshert asked, "do they also agree with you to do like this as well?"
"They were called away by uncle."
"Really? So this may not be a bad idea," Feshert's voice was getting calm gradually, "you all go out, I want to say a few words to Kone."
The footsteps of several people faded away, Feshert walked closer to me, his body got down slightly, and he sat down by my side. Feshert touched my hair slowly, but I was very worried, I didn't have my heartbeat and breath restored yet. If they buried me like this, I'll be the most undeserved man to die.
"My dear brother, we have to say goodbye..." Feshert was talking to me, I could feel his hand was very cold, "I always can't accept this fact, so I delay it one day after another day, it seems that today I can't delay it any more..."
I have always been having an ideal, I want to finish it with you together... But now, you just leave me one person alone." He kept speaking slowly, "I take the ideal for both of us, is it funny? I have never told you about this before... Maybe it's just my own wishful thinking. You are a people such like this... But, but I really want to do something with you. You told me so many principles, you make me long for countless beautiful sceneries and hopes in my heart, and then... But you leave me one person alone again... I..."
"Get up! You this rascal!" With “Pa” the sound, I got a box on the ear, Feshert was shouting, "you this idiot! You get up for me!"
"Don't do that! Feshert..." Someone rushed in from outside and pulled him up, "don't hit my boss!"
"Let me go, let me go... I haven't finished my words yet!"
"Let him go," Hairt said, "Moah, let him go."
Feshert put a hand on my left chest, "no matter what to say, even just only me alone left, I will also... Ah!"
In the "Hi Li Hu La" sounds, somebody fell down on the ground. Feshert had the tremor in his voice, "heartbeat! He! He... Kone! Heartbeat!"
In the chaos, I finally regained my breath, and then I was poured in many unknown things by a lot of coming people, some sweet, some bitter, some bittersweet and sour... Finally I was stripped naked to put inside of some unknown liquid.
............
And then I had been soaking in that pool, every day somebody would pour some strange things into my mouth, Wensly and the Lola sisters had been staying by my side.
"Kone is still not awake yet?" It's Feshert coming, this guy brought some things to here three times a day.
"Not yet," Wensly answered him, "but his breath is getting more and more smoothly."
"Really? Then today let him try this." Feshert said, "I just tasted a little bit outside of here, I even vomited yesterday's lunch out, I think he will wake up after he drink this."
“My goodness! It's really so smelly!" Kelly said, "are you sure this is medicine?"
"Of course! You don’t believe in my skill?" Feshert was complacency, "please all of you believe the professional."
"Then... You just leave it over here, we will feed him that later."
"Well... One more word," Feshert said, "if all of these can't wake him up, it means all of these things can't give him enough stimulus... You are Kone's wives, of course you know what I am talking about! Haha... Ah!"
Feshert was defeated and fled away, my wives were all silent.
"I... I think we just feed Kone the medicine first!" Wensly whispered.
"I think, Kone maybe doesn't like to have this..." Feline said.
"But why Kone is still not awake yet?" Kelly said, "he has already had the heartbeat for several days now!"
"Auntie Belltina and uncle Webber said that Kone's body is recovering by itself, it should be almost the time for him to wake up." Wensly said.
"Then why do you still feed him these unpleasant medicines?"
"Even I know that he will be fine now, but I still hope that he can wake up as soon as possible..." Wensly put down the medicine, she held me in her arms and cried out, "as long as he can wake up early as soon as possible... I..."
"Kone will wake up," Feline comforted Wensly, "then he will often sneak kiss our beautiful Wensly from behind again."
"Kone didn't steal kisses from you?" Wensly let go of me, as if she was wiping the tears away, "I just don't understand all the time, why don't you let Kone come into the room?"
"This all auntie Nashall instructed us to do so." Feline said, "she said that Kone and we are all not mature enough yet, we'll be very easy to indulge in the sexual passion."
"Really?" I slowly opened my eyes, I found myself was soaked in the milky liquid.
"Yes, how would I cheat on you." Feline took a look at me, but she found that I was smiling and looking at her, "You! You... You!"
I heh heh had a smile, "don't you welcome me to join in your discussion?"
"Kone!" Kelly had a joyous yell, and came up to me.
I was holding around tightly by Kelly And Wensly, I almost couldn't breathe.
"What kind of people you are!" Feline had some objections about my eavesdropping on their conversation, "you are sick!"
"Rest your heart, I won't steal your kiss again." I took a look at the three gaunt wives in front of me, "my wives are so lovely and nobility. I swear, one day, I will bring the suited your status presents to walk into your room."
............
"What's this?" I asked, this the third day after I woke up, I almost had already adapted to my body.
A pair of small black war hammers were put on a small table by my side, they had the faint light flashed.
Uncle Webber answered me, "it's an artifact, in the legend, it's the tools that Thor makes the thunderbolts. Its power... I believe that you have already experienced it."
Heard that I might die, uncle Webber and auntie Belltina came to here together, also came with them is uncle Turnasi. They would stay over here for some days.
"Because of our carelessness," Hairt them would not dare to speak loudly in front of the two uncles, "it made Kone got injured."
"It's not all your fault, even all of your went to fight together, it still wouldn't get a better result than this now," uncle Turnasi said, "maybe just have some more people died."
"Why?" Hairt asked.
"This named Tario sorcerer," uncle Webber said, "is a very fierce guy, he had done a lot of hit events early on. To ask him to make a move, the price is not that cheap. Our Prime Minister is a very generous man."
"Then I... Why am I still alive?"
"Take a look at your chest."
I unveiled my clothes, I found a big piece of radiation shape scar on the chest, it's very shocking.
"How do you feel? The style is very peculiar?" Uncle Webber pointed at the scar and said, "it's your magic beast egg which saved your life. In the Tario's finally hit, your magic beast egg helped you to block the impact. The thunder magic attack blew out the magic beast egg instantly, to be precise, you are hit by the magic beast egg and the dissociated thunder magic."
I touched this oversized scar with my fingers, but I found that it's like something excessively.
"You don't need to touch it any more, that's made of by what's inside the magic beast egg. We also thought of many ways, but we just couldn't take it down. It's like growing together."
"Really?" I felt very regret, "I still wanted to see what my magic beast will look like?"
"There was a roaring race elf." Marf swayed the white bow in his hand, "he was using this bow!"
"I never heard of this race of elf," uncle Webber said, "the dark dwarf is the same, very rare. Generally speaking, they will not come to the Deity countries this side."
I turned my head to my father who was reading the official documents by the side, "oh right, Papa, what's the thing racial separation which they are talking about?"
"They are same as our human beings," my father put down the documents, "some loyal to the Deity, some loyal to the Demon."
"So that's it?" I didn't expect that it's so simple, so I turned to ask Marf, "what's the matter with the great ice arrow that you used that day?"
"I... Hey hey... I practice it secretly." Marf grabbed the white bow tightly and not put it down, "Boss, this bow..."
"You like it?" I spoke to him, "then it's yours now, but you'd better to dye it to some other colors."
"I know! I know!"
"Boss, our army is in training." Moah walked into the room and said to me, "do you want to go take a look?"
"Go. Of course go!" I stood up.
............
More than a month has passed, the construction progress of the Darkness City has not been affected by my injury. The tall and big outer city wall has folded, the taller inner city wall is under construction. The constructions inside of the city have already started, the drainage system has been laid down, the roads are almost all finished. In the central area of the city, a taking shape city hall has rising straight up from the ground.
Walking on the broad outer city wall for the first time, I believe that there will be no one not surprised. 
The city wall is twenty meters high, twenty meters wide on the bottom, and fifteen meters wide on the top, it's all crisscross put together by the same strong giant bar stones. There is an arrow mound every three steps, there is a five meter high arrow tower each interval by fifty meters, there is a twenty meters wall jut out fifteen meters every three hundred meters. With a wall such like this, if it has the right sort of troops and plenty of provender, it's absolutely no problem to defense it.
"Sir viceroy," Kainam presented it all for me by the side, "it's all built on your original design plan."
"I'm very satisfied! But," I pointed to my own head, "the most important thing is to understand my design idea, so, in this way, there are many places where you can make some adaptations according to the circumstances."
"Ah?"
“Then you take a look at this.’ I walked to the edge of the wall, “I just think of this.”
"The siege troop is absolutely the infantry, they climb the wall with the ladders for their ascent, and setting up the ladders is their first step."
"Yes, it's very usual like this." Uncle Meza said.
"Then we can send the enemy a small gift when they setting up the ladders." I had a smile, "Kainam, I want you to make the stone balustrades on the wall edge, same high as the wall. Well… No need to be too wide, just can't cross over with one step. Besides... People can't stand still on it."
"It’s no problem, it's an easy job." Kainam said to me, "but, is that useful?"
"I think, useful or not, we can exam it through the fact." I spoke to everyone, "Kainam you build it about a mile and a half first, we will bring people to come over this time tomorrow, we'll have a siege drill."
"Yes, sir."
I put my eyes on the training troops outside of the wall, watching the cavalry training the sprint, the infantry training the close combat. I felt that even though they were training very hard, but they lacked some kind of things.
"Kone, what's the matter?" As the deputy director of the army for the Darkness city and a general in the army for so many years, Martin Arthur of course could feel some differences from my eyes.
"The actual combat atmosphere! Yes, the lack of the actual combat atmosphere!" I punched my right fist on the wall heavily, I finally understood!
"Grandpa Martin, I think, we should expand the armed forces now." I said, "increase our soldiers to ten thousand as soon as possible, then divide them into four groups, choose one thousand in them to form the close guards, the rest of the three groups have three thousand people each. Three thousand people have the normal defense task at a time, the rest six thousand people have the confrontation trainings. I want to train out an iron army to make the whole continent frightened."
"The confrontation trainings?" Not only Martin Arthur, but also all the people were shocked, "what do you mean?"
"It's the actual combat training!" I said, "the arrows flying in the air, the sharp poles buried in the ground, the cavalry rush, the infantry defense, all of them are the real things."
"The real swords and spears!" Hairt was scared, "that will kill people!"
"If it's not like this, they will be killed as well as they go into the battlefield! You think about this, in the battle we had last time, how many people were killed under our own horseshoes?" I spoke without any expression on my face, "I have made up my mind to it, it will be like this."
"But boss..." Hairt's words were interrupted by my eyes.
"Let's go back, I have to check to find out how much money we have." I walked to the stairs by the side of the city wall.
In the temporary tent next to the city hall, while I was listening to Feline's finance report, I was drawing the training plans on a paper for the army.
"The progress of the urban construction just get to a third," Feline was holding a big account book and complaining to me, "but we have already spent over half of the five hundred thousand fund."
"Spending all of the rest of the fund according to the current progress," I nodded my head to Feshert who was just coming into the tent, "how long we still can maintain?"
"At most three and a half months."
"Hey," Feshert came to sit next to me, "do we need to expand our army to ten thousand?"
Before I could even answer him, Feline had already shouted out loudly, "ten thousand people for the troops? Well, now we can at most maintain three more months."
"The situation is still not that bad," I nodded my head, "draw out five thousand gold coins for me, I need to use it."
"Kone, you are not those people who have no appreciation of a thing's importance..." Feline had her face full with difficulty, "you know, even a copper coin is very precious at this time..."
"My dear, only you can give me five thousand gold coins first," I said, "then I can pay you back with more gold coins."
Listening to me to say so, Feshert had the brightness in his eyes, he took hold of my hand and asked, "going out?"
I nodded my head.
"Take me with you!"
I blinked my eyes and didn't say a word.
"Alright," Feshert breathed out a sigh, "I'll listen to your order all the way..."
"Good boy, you can go to tell the master," I patted on Feshert's shoulder, "we need to dress up as two probation sorcerers, let the master prepare a few convenient things for us." 
"No problem!" Feshert left happily. 
I finished the training plan with some additional things in, then I asked Marf to send it to Martin Arthur.
"The training will be started today." I said to him.
"Yes!"
"Wait a minute! You go to tell grandpa Martin, let him pick one hundred people who are the most outstanding in this battle first. I need them to help me to do something."
"Yes!"
Right at this time, Feshert smiled to walk back in, he asked me before he even sat down, "when do we leave?"
"What's the rush?" I answered him, "we have to assign some homework for the people who will be left in here!"


2

I walked into the tent and sat down at the most inside place. The people in the tent were quiet down immediately, this is the first Darkness City hall meeting after my body got recovered.
There were only my three wives and Feshert sitting by my side, seeing my brothers were all sitting on their own positions opposite to me, I had the unfamiliar feeling rose in my heart.
"Alright, let's get it started." I knocked couple times on the table with my right hand, my right pinkie was wearing a ring, the ice tear stone which Wensly gave to me is inlaid on it by her.
"Kainam reports!" This serious attitude vampire people stood up and said, "according to sir viceroy your requirement, the mile long city wall stone balustrades have been built." 
"Good," I nodded my head satisfied, "I'll go take a look."
"Hairt reports!" The sitting in the front row Hairt stood up an said, "our department of military affairs has already received the military conscription order, the plan has been in being drawn up, sir viceroy you can see it as soon as tomorrow morning."
"Be more detailed." For their first recruiting plan, I don't have a great expectation, because this is a very strange thing for them. But after all, they are doing it seriously, this make me feel very happy. I can have ways to make up for the mistakes of the plan, but I can't have any ways to make up for the mistakes of the people.
The department of the military affairs is a management system added to the city hall according to my suggestion, it manages all the military affairs for the Darkness City. On the surface, it's responded by Hairt and Moah, but Martin Arthur is hiding behind the scene. I didn't want to put the buildup of Darkness army in unwanted attention very much, so I didn't establish an independent army department.
"Moah reports!" Moah stood up, he has the imposing manner of somewhat pressing forward with indomitable will in his tone, this made me felt somewhat surprised.
"About the viceroy's confrontation training," Moah's eyes were looking at the table in front of me, "our department of the military affairs has some different opinions."
I stared blankly a bit, "go right ahead."
"It's like this," Moah stabilized his emotion for a bit, "our soldiers did show a lot of problems in the last battle, our department of military affaires of course is also thinking of ways to make up for all of these. But does it really need to cost the soldiers' lives for the price to training in real swords and spears as what viceroy said?"
"In the battle, the casualties between the new recruits and the veterans are not the same! Basically it's one veteran of casualties to five new recruits of casualties," I'm definitely sure that this is not Moah's idea, at least it's not Moah one person’s idea, "this is because the new recruits have not received enough trainings, they don't know how to protect themselves in the confusion of the battle yet! And our confrontation trainings can let the new recruits sincerely feel the actual combat atmosphere, so they can become the experienced soldiers in the shortest time! It's worth it to pay at some cost!"
"Sir viceroy! The sacrifice of the soldiers in the battlefield, no matter the soldiers themselves or the department of the military affaires have no objections for it..." Moah had his stubbornness up, he even didn't know how to give in, "but to die in the own people's hands in the training, it can't be said explained away anyhow."
"With the minimal training casualties for winning the war next time, we can accept this kind of the price” I stood up, "do you think this kind of training very cruel."
"It's not cruel... Sir viceroy," Moah had a pause, "but you can say it's merciless." 
I almost couldn't recognize this friend in front of me... His that stubborn language, the unyielding expression, there is no little the old Moah left. In that moment, I understood... This is not the quarrel between the individuals, but the conflict between the two kinds of thinking modes. 
The full room of people were silent to watch our debate, Hairt lowered his head by Moah's side, he gave the look which seemed that he had none of the business about this. But I know, most of Moah's these words are taught by him.
"I think, we all can have a good talking about everything, there is no necessary this serious." right at this moment, Feshert spoke behind me, "we all have our own ways, but our goal is the same."
In public or in private, I can't not take Feshert's advice in the public.
"Before the confrontation training, the soldiers will have plenty of time for the general training." I stabilized my emotion, "I believe, if the soldiers have the serious trainings in that period of time, there won't be any tragedies in the confrontation training."
"But..."
"The purpose of the confrontation training is not only to let the soldiers to feel the actual combat atmosphere, but also to inspect the training effect at the ordinary times." I raised my hand to stop the still wanted to say something Moah, and continued to explain, "we can break the whole confrontation training into single tactical subjects, let the soldiers get familiar with it gradually."
"In our peacetime training, it's like a solder scarify with the pike without a goal. He doesn't know what his goal is, where his goal is, and he even doesn't know his goal's strength and weakness. We can imagine the encounters of the soldiers on the battlefield in such trainings, he will find that the enemy is so strange, he knows nothing about his enemy! What does he suppose to do? How does he suppose to face his enemy while the disorderly arrows are all over in the sky? He supposes to put the shield in hand over his head or to block in front of his chest?
The enemy's cavalry blunt rush over, how can he survive under the enemy's horseshoes? If he is broken up by the enemy, how the lost contact with his comrades him can live through the battlefield all by himself alone?" My tone is very gentle, but I know my words will bring the intense shock to all the people, "I also don't want to let my soldiers to have the trainings such like this, I take their lives as precious as my own life! Just because I hope that they can have the opportunity to survive in the war, thus I will put forward this plan."
"We..." Moah had a lick on his chapped lips, anyone will have a lot of pressure when he is speaking to the no facial expression me.
"I know, you feel that it's still somewhat hard to accept this thing while you are standing in a responsible officer's position." I had a laugh at him, "on the other hand, this is the performance of the loyalty to your duty. I'm very glad, you have already made the first step to success as an officer. Daring to express your own different opinion to the superior is a wise and brave action. Besides, we can have the prior preparations for the confrontation training more sufficiently, we will try to reduce the accidents from happening as far as possible."
This words, it seems to praise Moah, but actually it's more in the meaning to criticize Hairt euphemistically.
"It's like this..." The praised by me Moah had a smile embarrassed, "we thought that you have already changed..."
"Never have the doubts on your boss!" I said, "otherwise you will be fixed..."
In everyone's laughter, the atmosphere of the meeting is getting easier, the other issues got though smoothly. In the meeting, we confirmed the duties for the viceroy's three wives at the same time, Feline will competent the financial affairs, she will be my spokesman when I am not in. Kelly will direct the general services. As for the kind of cultures, of course it's Wensly's duty. They three are all the municipal supervisors, if it's necessary, they all can interfere with the general affairs, except for the military affairs.
It should be said that the greatest benefit of this meeting is not just only these, the thing makes me happy the most is, after the meeting, a good common practice is formed not only in the city hall, but also in all of the management systems in the Darkness City. It let me and all the officials have such the chance, such the channel to listen to the different opinions from the subordinates. All kinds of to be issued soon policies and laws are amended and perfected in such environment constantly, it reduced the resistance of the implementations to the minimum. For me personally, every time the meeting becomes the day of a headache, I have to give the solutions in the meeting for all the questions by the junior officials who are improving gradually.
Because they will be yelling at me righteously, "sir viceroy, my dear friend, if you can't convince me, how can you unreasonably demand me to convince my subordinates?"
............
Began from the day after, all the soldiers who served in the beginning of the Darkness City began to have the big meal, and, they have it everyday.
Two hours before dawn, they will be waken up in bed by their “ferocious” officers with the horsewhips. They will wear all the equipments and line up in order in their officers' shouting. In the all over the sky starlight, in the somewhat cold morning breeze, they welcome the sunrise with running around the training ground outside of the Darkness City this way. The last team who runs the last will get half of the breakfast, their officers call this "the appetizer before the breakfast".
After the real breakfast, the soldiers start the whole day training formally.
The spearmen marched and practiced the bayonet charge combination one thousand times, the assaulting one hundred times, and the covering one hundred times... The archers practiced the pulling bow combination five hundred times, the rapid movement one hundred times, and the dissembling bowstring fifty times... The cavalry didn't have the horses to ride on then, in the infantry's surprised eyes, they all sat on the mud horses practicing the fighting actions time and time... Although they do look like this now, but the sentence "born riding on the mud horse" is often proudly hung in their mouths in the future. But now, they often complain that their clothes have never been clean. The lazy losers who got caught, besides the lunch will be cut in half, will also get ten whips for the special awards.
After the lunch, the soldiers will have one hour to listen to their officers to explain the tactics, and they can have the refection at the same time. The big and small scenes which their commanders have experienced are cast in the soldiers' minds like this day after day. They also complain that this kind of arrangement even occupy their pray time, but soon after, they know that the complain is useless, it's better to ask some questions to make their chief executives embarrassed.
Because the sir viceroy has said "who beat their subordinates because they couldn't answer the questions, I will deal with them personally". They are also not afraid what mistakes get caught by their officers, because the sir viceroy also has said like this "the officers can beat the soldiers, but it must make sense. Besides, it must be very careful when beating, we need to leave him a breath, so we can keep beating him next time".
Hence, the soldiers have the reasons to think that questioning is the safest way to embarrass their chief executives.
When it just began, the questions would often appear like this, "Sir! What you just said is right, but what should we do if the enemy rush to us from behind?"
Then at this time, their chief would have a smile, and virtual played the whip "pa" in the air, and then he would say it gently, "to tell you the truth, I have never met this kind of situation like what you said. But I think, we can try it once. Your this squad... Just act as that troop which is getting ambushed..."
A melee begins... The losers have their dinner cut in half.
A soldier looks at the cut in half dinner in his hand, he suddenly thinks of a guy in the cavalry unit didn't pay his money back yet, this is a very good way to revenge, and the timing is very good as well, because the cavalry don't have the horses yet.
So, there is a period having these kind of popular targeted questions, "Sir, if both sides encountered suddenly, and the other side has the cavalry. What should we do?"
"You guys are really willing to learn! That’s very good, we will have a friendly match with the cavalry squad…"
A team of wearing heavy armors "cavalry" met a team of light infantry. Because the "cavalry" didn't have the horses, thus the "cavalry" were all with the grief and indignation on their faces and the infantry were all in chuckles. The no horses "cavalry" were just like the little breads in the hand, one bite one bread. Some of the infantry have already forecast the result in their mind.
The result A: The infantry won, the "cavalry" have their dinner cut in half.
The result B: The infantry won, the "cavalry" have nothing for dinner, (Their sir will be losing his marbles if their subordinates are too embarrassing) the infantry have extra meat for their dinner. (The chiefs always can find some good things for their subordinates if they can make them proud)
But, the imagination will always have some certain disparities from the reality. 
Because they were careless to be seen by a passing senior officer, so the senior officer said it carelessly, "how can the cavalry not have the horses, you this squad guest-star for a moment, to be ridden as horses for the cavalry..."
So, the final result is: The cavalry "riding" the light infantry squad lost to another infantry squad. The cavalry have their dinner cut in half, the light infantry have nothing for dinner, furthermore, they all got three whips for the extra awards... (Because their chief lost all his marbles)
After the dinner, all the officers will go to the department of the military affairs for one to two hours. This will be the happiest moment for the soldiers, they can lie prone on the fence of the training ground and the whole team howl loudly at the sun, the moon, and the stars... They can take a bath in the river which runs through the training ground... Or they can fight against the archers of the nearby squad... 
However, all of these must be done before the officers come back. Nobody knows what mood their officers will have when they come back from the department of the military affairs. Once a team was awarded a sausage each for winning a fight, it's that kind of smell very good, has some spices and black pepper inside, the taste can make people go crazy real sausage... But, there once a squad took bath in the river collectively, they didn't put on all their clothes in time before their chief came back, they were prized running three rounds around the training ground with the naked ass for the special awards...
............
"Sir viceroy!" A tall soldier ran to me, he "Pa" gave me a military salute in front of me, "we one hundred people receive the order to report to you!" 
"Any officers among them?" I was interested looking at these one hundred soldiers and asked the people around me.
"Because you just asked for the most outstanding people in the last combat," Jack answered me, "so there's no officer among them!"
"Why?" I asked, "our officers are not outstanding enough?"
"This..."
"You don't know or you just don't want to say?" Of cause I know what it is all about indeed.
"I know!" Jack said, "because the officers give the opportunity to their subordinate soldiers this time!"
"Yes!" I walked and said, "your observation and judgment are very good, we have a group of good officers."
The one hundred people lined up in queue neatly, they are all heads up high and stick out their chests. I looked over at them, they have human soldiers, orcs soldiers, elf mage, dwarf soldiers, and sand-man soldiers...
"Everybody sit down," I smiled and said to them, in fact, it looks not that good while they were just standing over there, "let's sit a circle around me casually, now it is the rest time."
The sand-men and the dwarves are the most honest, they come over to sit down around me immediately. The orcs are slower a bit, they sit to the second circle, the think about everything humans sit outside of the orcs... The elves do not sit down, they float in the air.
"What did you do in the last combat?" I asked a sand-man sitting at the front, "so your officer will sent you to me here."
The sand-man's coarse face blushed a bit, he said it embarrassedly, "I... I dig the hole too fast, I didn't know what happened that I dig to behind the enemy when I came out of the hole, I didn't know what happened that I cut down several guys with the flowers on their collars..."
"I didn’t know what happened, just like this?" I said with a laughter, "it seems like that you need to keep this state often in the future..." in all the good will laughter, I pat on his shoulder. Then I asked several other soldiers, the result made me feel satisfied after all.
"I need to make a statement first," I stood back in the soldiers, "you come to me here, maybe you will lose the chance to become an officer! The life and the training are far tougher than those on the training ground guys! After a long time, you might even get infected the bad habits from me. In that case, are you still willing to stay?"
"Yes--sir!" One hundred people answered me together.
"Of course, as for the compensation." I said, "you will get the armors and the weapons just custom-made specially for you! You will get the master guidance for the fighting skills and the magic! If you work hard enough, you absolutely can leave a page belonging to yourself in the Darkness City's history!"
"Ah--"
"Awe--"
"Wow--"
All the soldiers from different races answered me with their own unique cheer sounds.
"For your trainings," I continued to say, "I don't have the compulsive constraint, you can choose the training method and training direction which is appropriate for yourself, I will just only put forward some suggestions for you. Every other three days, your chief... Feshert! He will sift you guys once, the disqualified ones whom he considers will be sent back to where they come from, the places left will be replaced by the fresh ones. We-- only keep the most excellent warriors!"
There is even a rule for sifting out people in a force, it virtually arouse the soldiers' passion and their competitive spirit, the lights began to flash up in everyone's eyes.
"Now, you have the time for one night," the just being as the chief Feshert spoke loudly, "if I were you, I would think about my own expertise, think about the armor and weapon which I need! I will bring you all to the dwarf master there the first thing tomorrow morning."
"Yes, sir!" It looks like that they are quite impressed by their own new chief.
"Now!" Feshert took a look at me, and then he turned around and said, "get the hell out of here!"
Harsh words, it means that Feshert has quite a good mood.
After the soldiers all cleared out, Feshert came over to me and took hold of my arm, "let's go to the master there."
"Why?"
"The things which you asked the master to prepare for us to travel," for a few happy matters in a row, Feshert's interest is very high, "are all prepared."
"So it is!" I teased him to say, "if I were you, I will think about what supposed to name the one hundred man troop."
"Oh, that’s right! How come I would ignore this problem?"
"You are getting old..."
"Nonsense! Your Highness I clearly is wise and brilliant..."
"Far more than this! Your Highness you're really a most unusual and quite individual beauty!"
"This is more like it..."
"The result is that your gorgeous name wide spread out..."
............
I wore the gears which the master prepared for me with the rusting sound, then I found out that it's the probation sorcerer's dress, and it's all black from top to down, the black cloak, the black sorcerer robe, even the shoes and the belt are the same black as well!
When I raised my head, I saw that Feshert had a wry smile to look at me, the color of his original skin is very white, now he has the all white dress on, this time he is really indescribably beautiful and striking.
"Hey, what's your name? White Cloud?” I asked him.
"I'm not as boring as you!" He answered me, "an all black raven!"
"No noise allowed!" The master came in, he put down the things in his hands on the table, "don't wear it if you are not satisfied with it!"
"Satisfied, of course I'm satisfied with it," Feshert said, "but there's no need to dress up like a probation sorcerer, right?"
"What do you know about?" The master took a look at Feshert, "do you think that this color, this level, are literally my decision casually?"
"This still need some learning for it?"
"Stinky boy, of course it takes some learning!"
Seeing our unbelievable eyesight, the master thought that it's necessary to explain all this for us.
"Why do I ask you to dress up like a probation sorcerer? The first reason is, only the probation sorcerer will have the reason to wander around in the continent." The master said, "because these guys just have learned half the cadence of magic, so it's very normal that their magic is ineffective."
"Just because of this? Then it should be alright that just Kone wears this!" Feshert had the evil smile on his face.
"The second reason is, this kind of people normally are very young. Nobody can be sure which level they can reach to in the future, so no one would like to offend against the probation sorcerer." The master touched his beard and continued to speak, "holding the grudges, it's one of the bad habits for the young people. And people such like you two, it's quite good to not provoke other people!"
"Reasonable! Reasonable!" I nodded my head.
"Then the black and the white... What's the specialties for them?" Feshert asked.
"The probation sorcerer dresses in the black, it means that his own person is affected by the black magic more or less. And the all in white you, is like a brightness sorcerer trying to influence him by his side, helping him to defeat the temptation of darkness!" The more the master spoke, the more excited he got, "you this pair of baby, you can cheat everywhere to have meals and drinks freely!"
"Who said we want to cheat?" I said.
"No cheating? You think that I don't know you need money?" The master said, "even you don't want to cheat, you are still not going to do anything good."
"Calm down!" I took a look at the outside, "you want everyone know about this?”
"Oh!" The master no longer talked about this, in turn he handed several things to us, "you can see, these are a few good things which I prepared for you."
"A pair of... Gloves?" I checked them carefully, "and a... Magic wand?"
"Yes!" The master replied, "you can put it on and give it a try!"
Although I was puzzled, but I still believed in the professional master. 
I had a different feeling after I wore the black gloves, I dare to say, wearing the gloves such like this, if I want to, it's no problem to kill a people in one punch with my own power."
"Huh!" I punched my fist onto the wall, I left a deep fist mark on it, but my hand felt nothing at all. 
"What do you think?" The master is proud for himself and say, "not bad, Huh? Use your fingers to touch the things."
I did as what the master told me so, I touched the fist mark with my fingers. The coming touch feeling is so true, it seemed like that I was not wearing the gloves at all!
"Try hard to stick your fingers in!"
"It can't be described... I can't believe this..." My fingers inserted in the wall silently, I took a look at Feshert, he was also looking at his own hand which was sticking into the table dully, his eye balls were almost to drop out. 
The master smiled to touch his beard by the side. Obviously, our shocked expressions greatly satisfied the master's vanity.
"No matter what you're going to do, I will wish you success!"
In the blessings of the master, I and Feshert went back to our living place with packs of things.


3

I brought a black vine magic wand to stand in front of Turnasi and Webber, in order to prove that I have the ability to protect myself, my father asked me at least I could fight evenly with my two uncles, and this is a test I must pass if I want to go out by myself. 
"You are going to just use this magic wand to fight against us?" Uncle Turnasi swayed out a circle with the big sword in his hand, "when you can put away your this kind of play house attitude?"
"This is not the general magic wand!" I said, "Hey Hey, you should get it when you see that I don't even bring my mountain knife with me."
Uncle Webber turned the corners of his eyes up, "unusual? I'll see what is the difference of the unusual!"
A fireball suddenly appeared in the hand of uncle Webber, it became to a large one instantly and flight to in front of my eyes, it's more than this, I have already seen the second, the third ones... were oncoming from the corners of my eyes.
"The Shield of Calm Wind!" I lifted my left hand, with the help of the dragon race necklace, a flashing white light round shield appeared on my arm. Even though this magic is called "Calm Wind", the white light looks flowing slowly, but it has the tremendous power hidden under. To spring off the fireballs like this, it's kind of like waste someone's talent on a petty job.
"Poof...poof poof poof..." I took down uncle Webber's first wave of magic attacks, at this time, the cheers from Feshert who was watching by the side just arrived.
"Not bad! Watch this," uncle Webber said, "the Polar Ice Blade!"
A group of light white air cloud was thrown out by uncle Webber, it suddenly exploded when it almost got to my side, about one hundred small ice blades fly at me omnipresently. If I got hit by one of these, I think I would stay in bed for at least three days.
"The Flurry Armor!" I removed the Shield of Calm Wind, and changed to this can protect the whole body mid-level wind magic. Even with the help of the dragon race necklace, this only all I can do.
The ice blades hit on my transparent magic armor, they were instantly pulled into little icy particles by the extrusion of the moving fast winds.
The not yet melt little icy particles were wrapped in the fast winds and flowed, on the surface of the armor quickly, they covered my armor with a layer of light white color.
"It's my turn!" I couldn't win if I'm hit by uncle Webber as the target like this. My right hand gripped on the handle of the wand stick, with "shua" the sound I pulled a long slender black iron sword from the magic wand. Of course, it's strange for the people have the character like me to just hold a magic wand.
The another advantage of the Flurry Armor is that it can increase the movement speed, I rushed to in front of uncle Webber while he was still chanting the magic.
With a tall figure appeared, a big sword chopped down to me with the "foo foo" whirling sounds.
"Discharge!" I inclined my sword up to block it with a loud cry.
In the extremely harsh sound of the metal frictions, my that two finger wide long sword blocked uncle Turnasi's big sword successfully!
"Tangle!" with the coordination of the body, the long black iron sword was flickering with the metallic luster, I pricked uncle Turnasi seven times in a very short time, even the great fighting skill uncle Turnasi, he also was made hurry-scurry by me.
Just right at this time, uncle Webber's thunder magic arrived, a flash of lightning drew an arc in the air, it curved around uncle Turnasi's body and split down on me!
"Domination!" with my shouting, the blade point of the black iron sword suddenly stuck out a section of indefinite expansion of the black sword flame.
After a few loud noises, I, uncle Turnasi, and uncle Webber were all standing still. Feshert was dull to look at the two smoldering places on the ground by my side, his facial expression was like an idiot.
"Very good! Kone," uncle Webber's voice broke the silence, "I didn't expect that the legendary fighting spirit will appear on you."
"You can drive me away with one sword, and then cut away the lightning with another sword. You have already had the qualification to go out." Uncle Turnasi also said with a laughter.
Before I could get my happiness up, these two guys said with one voice at the same time, "but..."
I know that there are a lot of things are triggered by this word in this world, but at this moment, I haven't realized that this word would trigger a thing accompanied with my whole life.
"With all your strength!" The two felt losing face uncles said, "we will not hide anything away any more!"
No more necessary, still need to fight?
"Whirlwind Cut!" Uncle Turnasi started it first, he turned his body in a high speed whirling, and then like a tornado blew slowly at me with all the sky of dust along the way, before he even reached in front of me, the powerful murderous look had already enveloped me up.
"...... Meteor Spark Rain!" Uncle Webber this person is just like this, his chanting magic voice is just like a mosquito humming!
The words saying about him like this is nothing wrong, even though uncle Webber's voice is really low, but there were a big pile of burning small meteors appeared on the sky over my head! They were smashing down by pulling the small black tails.
"Ah! Two uncles, you don't have any necessity to do it like this..." I could hear ambiguously Feshert's voice is getting farther and farther, "Kone, you take good care of yourself! I got to run away first... This is not which I can handle..."
But this is not that I can handle neither! Nothing or nobody can help me at this time, I put my right hand to my mouth, I kissed on the Ice Tear Stone ring on my pinkie.
"Fight it!" While I was talking to myself, I folded my both hands in front of my chest, "The Secret Doppelganger magic!"
This is a magic passed down since the ancient times in the elf race, I have just only read it from the  <<Brochure of the Elves Handwriting>>, it's not the same as the general phantom doppelganger art, the doppelganger breaks from the "Secret Doppelganger magic" is the entity, it has the same skills as the ontology, the higher ability of the releaser, the more doppelgangers will get. Of course, I can't use it with my ability before. But now, I have the help of the Dragon Race Necklace and the Ice Tear Stone, it should not be too big of a problem.
My body had a flicker, a doppelganger appeared by my side.
"Catch this, go attack the sorcerer!" I threw the sword to him, and told him what to do with the telepathy at the same time. 
The doppelganger whipped out of sight after he took the sword, and then uncle Webber's exclaiming shouting came from far away.
"With my blood for sacrifice, tightly twine around my enemy..." The no need to take care of uncle Webber I cut open my own finger, the red vines rooted out of the places where the blood landed, they crowded with each other, and continually pushed ahead toward uncle Turnasi. Although the front ones were cut into fragments by uncle Turnasi, but uncle Turnasi was eventually wrapped around tightly by the like mountains vines finally.
Of course, so that I had time to run out of the "Meteor Spark Rain" attacking range. While uncle Webber was hunting down by my doppelganger at this moment, did he have time to adjust the magic he released earlier? 
While I had some free time at this moment, I peeled a fruit for myself, I sat down casually to lead the doppelganger to fight against these two uncles with various speed.
"What do you think?" After I have eaten the fruit, seeing uncle Webber were running almost out of breath, and uncle Turnasi there was almost the same, "so you are satisfied like this?"
"Stop!" Uncle Webber ran all the way to my side, my doppelganger were chasing after him, "I have something to say."
I removed the magic on uncle Turnasi first, and then I sent out a thought. The doppelganger had his speed changed, he drove uncle Webber to my side with a few sword cuts, and then he held the sword to stand by my side.
"You won..." Uncle Webber sat down by my side, the vessels on his neck were visible, "mercy me this age... My heart..."
"Really good! Kone," the body still hung with a few vines uncle Turnasi came to pat on my shoulder, "your magic can't match with his, your fighting skill can't match with mine... But you still can play us around."
"Hey hey... Lucky, I just have a bit better luck." I said with a laughter.
"Forget about it, you sly!" Uncle Webber said weakly, "you are cruel... You are born as a politician! You see, you see, I just said that you're a politician, you have already started to put on the 'modest'!"
"Alright alright," uncle Turnasi patted the dust off his body, "let's go back, Kone, you come to my place before you leave."
Seeing the two uncles left, Feshert then drilled out from nowhere.
"Ha ha, I'm glad that you make it through." He said, "let's go to have a drink to celebrate!"
I took a look at this guy, I was really too lazy to teach him about his just "abandon a friend and flee away" behavior.
"But..." He then kept talking, "do you know that the modest appearance which you just put on is very sick?"
To the people such like this, what else you can say? I directly used my action to express what I thought about him.
After I beat Feshert up badly, then I stood up with great satisfaction.
"Ha! Ha! Ha!" I laughed three times at the sky, I was just about to have a exclamation for feeling great to beat up the royal blood, then I found that there was one more shadow on the ground. I raised my head and looked up at it, it's my doppelganger. He's staring his eyes to watch on me, his two black eyes are twinkling very lively.
That's not right, the effective time for the Secret Doppelganger magic should have clearly passed! Why did this doppelganger still not disappear? Further more, being stared by a guy looks exactly same as myself... This feeling is not so great.
"......" For a moment, I don't know how to deal with this, I had to keep silence for a while.
"You..." I organized well my mind and then sent a stream of consciousness to "him", "why are you still here?"
"Because I didn't get your command yet..." I could clearly feel the consciousness that "he" sent back to me, "master." 
Master...? I couldn't help to shout out "ah".
"It's like this, master, my situation is somewhat complicated..." It appeared that he's a bit shy, "can you give me some more time to explain it to you?"
"Of course... Well, of course, of course of course," I said, "I always prefer the talking, and, let's sit down to have a good talk."
"Yes, master." He watched my sit down movement carefully, and then he tried my way to sit down. 
"Can we start it now?" He asked me carefully, "master?"
"You dare to beat the empire heir incredibly..." I just wanted to nodded my head to him, Feshert who was just abused to deep unconscious by me climbed up at this time unexpectedly, he looked up and saw that two Kones were sitting to talk together intimately... Feshert swayed his head, had his eyes a turn, and then fell down once again very promptly.
"Hey hey!" I said, "no need to bother him! You go ahead!"
"Yes, master. The truth is like this..." He said. "I... I'm the magic beast which have been hanging in front of your chest by you..."
Heard his this words, my chin dropped onto the ground with the "pa" sound... The lying on the ground to pretend falling into coma Feshert looked up and asked, "that's not right! Kone, your magic beast have already been dead, right?"
I nodded my head repeatedly, my brain was disorderly to think whether a coma people's words is reasonable or not.
"Master! I'm really your magic beast!" My doppelganger said anxiously, "I... I know many things about you!"
"Che! Kone those disturbing things have already been known by all the people!" The should be in coma guy lifted his head up once again and said, "it's not surprising that you know all about these!"
The viceroy nodded his head repeatedly....
"Master! I'm really the magic beast! I... I...." The doppelganger became more anxiously, he had his face all flushed, he suddenly tore my coat open without my permission.
"Help! Help!" the in coma guy looked up and shouted, "another viceroy Kone is going to molest the viceroy Kone..."
The still going to continue nodding head viceroy immediately woke up after he heard "molest" this word, he "pa" gave Feshert a slap on the head, Feshert then shut up immediately.
"You see! Master!" The doppelganger pointed at my left chest, he said with infinite excitements, "I was the scar which stick on your chest! You see, now the scar on your body is gone!" 
I touched my chest with my fingers, that scar... is really gone!
"See? I didn't lie to you!" The doppelganger... No, now I should say my magic beast, looked at me with the innocence face, "master!"
I nodded my head at him...
"Do you have a name? What kind of magic beast you are? I have a magic beast as well, maybe she will like to be your girlfriend..." Feshert held up his body, according to our used playing standard, this meant that he is "awakening" officially, I can't use the violence on him randomly any longer.
"Master, I... I don't have a name yet..." My magic beast had the miserable look, "can you give me a name?"
"What should I call you?" I never did the things like naming before, "what about you turn back to your original look to let me see first."
"Yes, master!" The magic beast answered me, a light flashed in front of my eyes, then he became a... Puppy.
It's really a puppy... It swung its whole body long pure white fluff, then he swung out a pair of wide and big pink flesh wings, it "flapping flapping" flied on my shoulder, his black eyes blinked and looked at me. 
"Ha ha ha ha!" Feshert laughed loudly and said, "Kone, you take a look, your magic beast... his hair covers all his eyes! And... Your eyes are black, even your magic beast's eyes are black as well... Ha ha ha ha!"
"Don't your beast your beast call him like that!" I gnashed my teeth in hatred to say, "from now on, he will have a name! His name is... is... Yes!  His name is Abu!"  
"Abu?"
"Yes! He will be called Abu, how do you think?" I touched the magic beast which was standing on my shoulder, "Abu, do you like this name?"
"I like it!" Abu stuck out his tongue, "master."
"What!?" Feshert was not convinced to say, "Abu doesn't know whether the name is good or not! And, take a look at you two... hey hey... It's like, oh, all behaving stealthily like a pair of thieves... hey, Kone, what are you doing? Hey, Kone, why do you twine me up with the magic?"
"Have you finished yet?" I lifted my eyebrows, "Abu! Bite him!"
"Yes, master, but..." Abu jumped on Feshert's shoulder right away and began to grind up his teeth, "bite where?"
"He makes a living with his face..." I thought a bit about this, "you can just bite his face!"
The little Abu opened his mouth as big as which can pack a horse in, he even didn't take a think and just bit down.
"Ah..." Feshert was bellowing, "no!"
"How can Abu you don't work harder?" I stood by the side and said, "you bite too lightly, didn't you hear that he is still "Ah...bu, ah...bu" calling your name? This is provocative! Bite him harder!"
"But, master..." Abu said, "it seems a little bit different from what he calls!"
"You just don't know about this!" I was peeling a fruit while I released a small paralysis magic to paralyze Feshert's mouth, "don't you think that he is calling your name with a typical postmodern impressionist tone? He is using this kind of weird tone to express his whole contempt for your body and soul!"
"Yes! I know it now, master!" Abu's consciousness came back to me.
"Ah..." Feshert's screech was continuing, but his sound was more than one octave higher, "no..."
"Harder!"
"Yes!"
............
"Kone, don't you know that Abu is now in the most important growth period," Feshert held his face, "you will teach Abu the bad behaves if you do it like this."
"What's wrong with it?" I touched on Abu's hair.
"Of course it's not right!" Feshert said urgently, "the magic beasts are same as the children, they will learn the same things from who they follow!"
"You said... Abu is learning from me?" I said, "then what's wrong with that?"
"Don't you know that like Abu this kind of which can change to human shape is very precious?" Feshert got his anger up, "at least I have never seen one like it before!"
"Haven't you seen one today?" I said, "oh right, Abu, how can you change to the look same as me?"
Abu recalled while he was explaining to me, we finally understood a little bit. 
Originally, the still was a magic beast egg Abu was broken into parts when he got hit by the lightning magic. But fortunately, he had been taking my soul energy as food, when its life was in the critical situation, the growing Abu could stick himself to my body, which was also the scar on my chest, and his consciousness hid in my mind. When I woke up, Abu woke up at the same time as well, but his consciousness always couldn't go back to his body. Just when I began to use the doppelganger magic, the smart Abu entered my doppelganger successfully.
"Oh... So it's like this! Your growing experience is also same as somebody's..." Feshert was suddenly enlightened, he saw that I was staring at him, he changed the topic instantly, "oh right, what the special ability Abu you have?"
"Now I can change to my master's appearance!" Abu was very proud to jump from my left shoulder to my right shoulder, "and I know all my master's skills after I change my shape." 
"We saw this just now!" I asked him, "I want to know what other abilities you have..."
"Sorry... Master..." Abu's voice lowered down, "Abu can't remember anything now..."
Feshert opened his mouth widely, he pointed at Abu and then pointed at me, he wanted to laugh but didn't dare to laugh...
"That's alright if you can't recall it!" I had the same experience, so I comforted Abu, "we can get it slowly!"
"Mmm!" Abu began to jump up and down again, "but Abu knows everything about master, including..."
"Abu! You can't tell people all of these things!" I stopped Abu with the way of mind communication, "can't tell anyone!"
"Yes, master! Abu will remember this from now on!" 
"As a matter of fact... Abu is still very weak so far," Feshert spoke to me, "he will be listed as the murder target by your enemy if he shows up with the magic beast identity..."
"Then... What's the identity for Abu to show up?"
"What about this!" Feshert snapped his fingers, "Abu's appearance is like a low level magic beast, Kone, you can tell others that Abu is a pet which you just adopted today!"
I thought about it for a while, it's not a bad idea like this anyway, so I made the decision like that.
"Abu, you are a Miss or Mr.?" 
"What's the business for Abu's gender to do with you? You are not Abu's master!"
"I'm just asking... Abu, you say it."
"Abu is a boy!"
"Ah! That's right, Abu, let me tell you, I have a miss magic beast! She is now in her first dormancy stage, she is very beautiful..."
"Abu doesn't like to play with big sister..."
"That's right! My Abu will be the most handsome boy across the whole continent! Abu, you trust in me, as a master, I will teach you how to chase after the girls, right then... Master I will chase after the beautiful girls all over the continent, Abu you will chase after the beautiful magic beasts all over the continent!"
"Mmm!"
"Work hard, Abu!"
"Mmm, work hard!"
"Cheer, Abu!"
"Mmm, cheer!"
"Hey hey hey... But Kone, haven’t you already had three wives... Help!... Ah... No!..."
Two people and a magic beast went back to the living place just like that.


4

After we had the farewell with everybody, I set out with Feshert, the goal is the only commerce city in my fiefdom--the Wanpu city.
When we were selecting the horses, Feshert robbed my that white horse, and kicked his that all black stupid horse to me, on the way he also kept saying in rodomontade that the white color matched him pretty well, could it be said that the black color match me well?
Feshert picked sixty people from his "Close Guards" to set off with us together, actually I thought that the name "Close Guards" is really dumb, but what else could I do? This was thought of by Feshert who thought hard for a whole night. 
Sixty people were divided into two groups, a group searched in the front, a group guarded at the back, they all disguised as the mercenaries. The close guards originally have nearly all kinds of races, it is quite like it that they disguised the mercenaries. 
Now the identities for me and Feshert are two probation sorcerers, of course we walked lonely in the middle all by ourselves.
"Hey! I said White Cloud, we don't have to walk this fast, right?" In order to revenge, Feshert especially gave "White Cloud" this calling to me.
"Dead Crow!" I didn't have the good spirit to speak to him, "our time is used for making money! Shut your mouth up!"
A few days of hurry rush all the way, we passed through a vast area of depopulated zone between the Darkness city and the Wanpu city, as we got closer and closer to the shore, even the oncoming wind brought to us with the smell of the sea, we could have met one or two pedestrians on the road occasionally.
"Two childes!" A member of the close guards came riding the horse to us from far away, "we found a village in front, Mr. Jack said that it's getting dark, he wanted me to ask you whether to rest in this village today or not."
"How big is this village?" The teasing Abu Feshert had restored the seriousness in an instant, "who is the headman of this village?" 
"The village is not that large, we found the headman and had some contacts with him," the close guard member said, "it looks normal."
Feshert nodded his head at him, the close guard had a warrior salute to us, and then he left riding his horse.
"Oh, right! Kone," after we slowed down our speed, Feshert asked me, "why didn't you bring Hairt and Moah to come with us this time?"
"They are not too appropriate to come with us this time," I looked at the sunset clouds in the sky and said, "coming out with us once, it's not as good as staying in the Darkness city to train the troops well for them, and they can accept those several uncles' guidance."
"Then why do you bring Jack and Marf with us?"
"Why you this guy is so stupid?" I said, "the characters of Jack and Marf are not appropriate for the army, now they are still suitable for the job as the intermediate officers, but they can't become the generals, their achievements should be in other fields."
"That's why... Then you think what kind of generals Hairt and Moah will become?"
"I think..." the shadow of the small village appeared on the horizon, I looked at the outlines of the village, then I spoke slowly, "Hairt will become a scheming general, his attack will be the nightmare for all the defenders. And Moah, his character is unusually composed, following the rules but not rigid... If match him with a good staff officer, his achievement will be not lower than Hairt's."
"Really?" Feshert was in dubitation.
"You don't believe in me?" I said, "then we can have a bet for this."
"I'm not going to bet with you," Feshert said, "you will be rascal if you lose."
I was considering to take some practical actions to let Feshert change his view about me, then I found that we had about come to the entrance of the village. There were many people working in the field outside of the village, seeing we approached close to the village, somebody ran all the way back to the village to report the news.
Not longer later, there were several people coming out from the village, they were led by a round body guy, he walked to us with the fawning smile on his face.
"Ah! Welcome, welcome! Really praise... The Deity! There unexpectedly will two sorcerers come to our village in one time!" After he finished his words, he had one hand holding the chest, another hand raising high, and gave the salute to us. But I think, a dark sorcerer and a light sorcerer were walking together, this surely would make him have the headache for which god he supposed to praise.
"The Deity of the Brightness will bless you, my devout man." In this kind of situation, it's generally taken care by Feshert, "we are all the probation light sorcerers, I hope that our liberty arrival will not bother you."
The modest tone, the kind appellation, and the self-pride elegant manner, all these can be the signature for the sorcerer who has a bit relation with the Brightness Temple.
"None at all, none at all!" The round flesh ball said, "having the chance to serve the envoys from the Brightness Deity will gratefully make me drop the tears of happiness... I'm the chief of this place, I'm not dare to tell my cheap name to you two lords. My compassion lords, please grant me a given name!(*1)"
Disgusting!
"There are never the light sorcerers come to your this place?" Feshert asked him.
"You two lords, it's like this," the headman said, "we moved to here from somewhere else, the village is just built, there no any lords pass by here yet..."
"It’s such like this..." Feshert thought for a while and said, "but we are just the probation sorcerers, according to the provisions of the Brightness Temple, we can’t grant you the given name."
"It doesn't matter! You two lords will have very great achievements in the future..." The flesh ball said eagerly, "you will surely grant a lot of people the given names, today just you two lords do it a little bit ahead..."
"Well, you devout man," it looked like that we could not go into the village without granting him a given name, Feshert said helplessly, "with the name of the sorcerer of the Temple, I grant you "Sunset Bath" the given name." 
"Ah... I even get this so elegant given name... Thank you!" Sunset Bath really dropped down his tears, he was moved trembling, "you two lords come in please! Come in please! I'll arrange the accommodation for you two lords! Please you two lords take a rest for a while, the dinner will be ready when it's dark..."
I and Feshert washed all the dust away in the room, when we put on the clean clothes, it's already dark. The headman bowed his body to ask us to go down the stairs, people burnt a big pile of bonfires in the yard in the order of the headman, it seemed like that it's the site for dinner.
I left the bullshit with Sunset Bath job to Feshert, the speaking few words but with the dark tendency sorcerer I walked to the short table directly and sat down, I had no attention at all that I took the master position. (*2) 
"What's the matter with that lord... It seem like that I didn't see him pray before he began to eat?" Heard the voice of Sunset Bath came from far, the eating chicken leg I can't help but with anger, what's the matter to deal with you whether I pray or not?
"It's like this, my friend unfortunately got injured in a battle with the dark spirit," Feshert explained, "so he got infected with some of the evil spirit's breath more or less, but you don't have to worry about it, now he has been much better. After we finish this journey, the Temple will give us the official duty and title."
"Oh! It's like that! I know! I know!" Sunset Bath asked everyone to sit down, then he said sorry and left.
"What is he doing?" I asked Feshert who was sitting next to me.
"He said that he needs to go arrange some programs for us." As a card-carrying light sorcerer, Feshert sat obediently and couldn't eat casually like me, hey hey, serve yourself right!
After a short while, Sunset Bath came back with a full face of smile, he had not sat well yet, then he reached out his fleshy palms and clapped three times.
"You two lords, we don't have any very good things here, I hope you two lords will be satisfied with my arrangement!"
His palm sounds just stopped, several young girls holding the wine pots came out from the corner of the yard, even though I couldn't see clearly their looks in the bonfire, but I was sure that they are humans.
"You two lords!" Sunset Bath bowed his body a bit, "we only have this kind of red wine, you two lords make do with it, make do with it..."
"It doesn't matter, we are leaving tomorrow." Feshert answered him.
"How can it be like that? You two lords can just stay for a couple more days..." Sunset Bath rubbed his palms uneasily and said, "serve the wine, serve the wine!"
The several girls walked to come over, I just found out not until then, their costumes were not the same. 
The girl sat next to Feshert dressed in all white, up from the neck down to the insteps, the white cotton clothes wrapped around every part of the body. The girl sat beside Sunset Bath had the almost same costume, but just the clothes on her body was not that tight. And the girl by my side was a comely face girl, she... Just had a black tunic on her sending out pure fresh grass smell body. The black tunic is very thin, it's so thin that the two purple points on her that not too plentiful chest were faintly visible.
"You two lords, please oh, please..." Sunset Bath held the wine glass, and said his extremely disgusting toast to us.
I and Feshert got busy with the embarrassment, who would think of this looking like a stupid pig guy will please us to this level?
"Still not pour the wine for these two lords?" Sunset Bath smiled and said, "you two lords, these girls I just bought not long ago, you two lords travel very tired... This this... Hey hey... All of them are still virgins!"
I had my body stiff to look at the girl set the glass well for me with her trembling hands, she poured the red wine into the glass from the wine pot which she had been holding in front of her chest. Once the glass was full, she immediately held the wine pot back in front of her chest, blocked the place where a young girl should not be seen by a stranger. She leaned her head aside slightly, and two drops of tears had already been on the dust.
"You two lords! Cheers, cheers... You lords?"
"Oh! Wait a minute..." I took out the been in my mouth chicken leg and put it on the table, I said, "this bonfire is quite big, I have to take my cape off."
I put my black cloak over her somewhat emaciated body, I thought a bit, then I put the sleeping in my arms Abu into her arms as well, I hoped the lovely looking Abu could make her feel better.
"Come come come!" I held up the glass, "cheers!"
"Ah! It's lord's first time to open his mouth!" Sunset Bath said to me, "you lords are satisfied with all of these?"
I really wanted to beat this head of fat pig to death.
Sunset Bath clapped his hands again, and several dancing girls began to dance the don't know what the name dance around the bonfire, Feshert also began to ask him some of the things about the Wanpu city at this time. And me, on the one hand I really disliked Sunset Bath, on the other hand, it's not very suitable for a rowdy young man to turn the head to talk with a girl dressed in almost empty nest to me, so I had to drink the wine one mouth by one mouth.
"Pa" my hand had too much oil, the glass fell on the table, the red wine splashed everywhere.
"What's the matter, you lord!" The complaisant Sunset Bath said, "she didn't serve you well? I will give her a lesson right away!"
"No!" I said, "the wine glass is a little too small, I didn't hold it steady!"
"Oh! I see!" Sunset Bath nodded his head, "I know! You lord wait for a moment... You, go to bring one of those our feature glass to here quickly, very quickly! And also, bring the glass for you lord the silver edge that kind..."
For this kind of practicing sucking up to the extreme level guy, I really have nothing to say.
Half way through the party, a servant of Sunset Bath walked up to us with his hands holding a silver tray which is covered with a red cloth. Sunset Bath waved his hand, the servant knelt down to walked to us along the way, and then he put the silver tray on the table.
"If this is a wine glass..." Feshert pointed at the thing under the red cloth and said, "is it a little bit too big?"
I pulled up the red cloth above it, as expected indeed, it's a big wine glass under it. At this moment, the girl by my side made a low scream sound.
"What are you doing? The scream will scare our lords!" Sunset Bath scolded at her, "still not pour the wine for your lord?" 
"Yes..." The girl answered with sobs, her pouring wine hands just shook worse than earlier, her been stopped tears were involuntarily flowing into lines. 
I looked at the new wine glass up  and down, in the light of the bonfire, I could not tell what its real color is. The shape, the glass rabbet is very big, the bottom is very shallow, it looks like a cut in half watermelon, it's very big, it's so big that I could not hold it with one hand. Fortunately the silver lace on the glass was just right to let my four fingers to grab through it, so with this way, I could hold the wine glass up. 
Should say, although the wine glass looks a little bit weird, but the handcraft is not bad! Especially the silver ornaments on the wine glass, they are made as an olive branch entwined the whole glass, the leaves are flashing in the bonfire lights. 
"It's surely not bad, it's a beautiful wine glass." Feshert said by the side, "very unique."
"Lord you want one too?" Hearing Feshert's praise, Sunset Bath had his eyes lighted up, "it's no troubles at all! It can be done in a short while..."
"No!" The girl at my side spoke suddenly, her lips had become  bloodless, "please, don't!"
"You want to revolt! How dare you want to cut in lord's business?" Sunset Bath scolded, "you shut up!"
I gave him a stare at his eyes severely, that scared him to swallow back the dirty words which he was going to yell out. 
"I think, this wine glass is not appropriate for me to use." I held the hand of the girl at my side, her hand was ice-cold, there must be something odd.
"Tell me," I looked at her and said, "what's wrong with this wine glass?"
"The wine glass..." She cried to say, "is..."
"Is what?"
"It is..." Maybe my warm hand gave her the courage, "it is made of the human skull..."
"You said... What?" the smile was frozen on Feshert's face.
"Human, it's made of the live human!" She finally cried out the sound.
Silence, there was only silence in the yard, there was only the bonfire burning "pi li pa la".
I and Feshert all looked at this wine glass, we both were not talking.
"Hey hey..." After a good while, the voice of Sunset Bath broke the silence, "you two lords, you haven't seen the wine glass like this before? We made a lot of these every year! This kind of glass is especially made for the mages of the Temple!" 
"You said..." Feshert restored his smile, "you make a lot of these every year?"
"Yes, you lord, the glass which I made is very famous, many magic beginners even buy this for their magic implements..."
"Well," Feshert turned his head back and said to me, "he said that he makes a lot of these every year... And said that a lot of people buy these..."
"What's your name?" I didn't answered Feshert, I gave a hug to the girl beside me, "don't be afraid, I'm a very good bad guy."
"I..." The girl looked at me, "I don't have a name."
"It doesn't matter that you don't have a name," I said, "you have the fragrance of the flowers and grass on your body, I will just call you Lily."
"Yes..."
"Then... Lily," I picked up the glass on the table, I put it in her hands, "can you please hold it for me first?"
I stood up and nodded my head at Feshert, Feshert was repeating the third time "he said he makes a lot of these every year, and said that a lot of people buy these..."
In the quiet night sky, a long loud whistle was blown, which was blown by me, even though I always think that I can blow whistle very well, but I still don't want to blow it very often.
"Boss!" Almost at the same time when the whistle was blown, Marf showed his head over the wall of the yard, "what's the matter."
"Blockade the village, not a man be allowed to escape." I said, "I have something to do with Feshert." 
Feshert didn't wait for Marf to answer, He kicked the table down in front of him with his foot, he had already had a long sword in his hand, and he walked to Sunset Bath with no facial expression on.
"You lord!" While Sunset Bath was stepping back, he said loudly, "you lord! Do I have anything offended you? What do you lord have the sword for? Sword? You... You! You are not the sorcerers from the Temple! Somebody come! Somebody... Kill them!" 
Several thugs kind guys ran cross their master and came rush at us, they had the extremely vicious expressions on their faces. But... Very pity, they don't have the fierce ability to match up with their expressions, they were stabbed to the ground by Feshert with his sword one by one smoothly and cleanly.
"Go go go!" The hiding at the corner Sunset Bath shouted out loudly, "kill them all! Rush at them!"
I didn't know where these people were just now, but, they were coming everywhere from the yard, from the cellar, from inside the house, a lot of people came rush out.
I had a leap to jump over, I blocked in front of Feshert, I was even lazy to say a word, brandished my sword to kill.
"Ah--" Feshert played out the move which I just taught him not long ago, along with his shouting, the golden fighting spirit began to appear by his side, and gathered little by little to his body. In the night, his whole body was wrapped in the golden color, and he is like statue cast with gold.
"Shock!" Feshert had a loud scream, the wrapped on his body fighting spirit exploded fiercely, and evenly became the golden sparks flying radiately around, the people around him even didn't have time to make a screech, their bodies were pierced lots of holes by the countless fighting spirit sparks, and then their bodies were even dispersed by the shock of the later large group fighting spirit...
I knew his temper was very irascible today when Feshert were still shouting "ah", so I held up Lily in the first time, as for the other several girls... First I couldn't hold so many people in my arms, second I was not very familiar with them, so I kicked them all out of the door one by one with my foot.
Sunset Bath was bellowing, and climbed to the backyard with his hands and feet, Feshert followed behind him slowly, he killed the hired thugs who were running out to rescue their master one by one. His white sorcerer robe had been splashed full with blood, his whole body was all wrapped in the golden fighting spirit, even the sword in his hand was also covered with a faint golden color.
Feshert was not eager to kill Sunset Bath in a hurry, it must be that he wanted to remove out the source of the trouble. Of course I would cooperate with him, but my hand was carrying a living people, so I had to walked behind Feshert, and killed the sneak attack guys one by one behind him, the sneak attack guys behind me of course would be taken care by somebody else.
There is only a large room in the backyard, there was no light inside there. Sunset Bath had nowhere to escape, he crawled into the room shiveringly, I blocked the door before Feshert, I released a light magic to the room inside first, and then strode my feet in.
Once we strode inside of the room, the held in my arms Lily was shaking her whole body badly, as if this is a hell.
Across a wooden platform, Sunset Bath stuck his back to the wall tightly, and he started to wail and whine.
"Don't kill me... I don't want to die..." he was mumbling, "I didn't offend you guys... Pleases don't kill me..."
No one cared for him, I, Feshert, Jack and Marf, and all the coming members of the close guards, all our eyes were looking at that wooden platform... I, and these members of the close guards by my side, were all been to the battlefield, the brushed past death people of course would not unfamiliar with corpse. But face toward to look at this wooden platform, someone fell his weapon to the ground, and someone rushed out to vomit.
On that wooden platform, lying a naked female corpse, her hands and feet were fixed by the iron hoops. She should be still very young, there are all kinds of dirt and scars left stuck on her smooth skin, her ten finger nails were all cracked, all full of solidification of the blood, and all had stuck into the wood board. Her upper body was tied a little higher, her head was embedded into two pieces of iron bars, her mouth was stuffed a roll of rags, her skull was gone...
"Drag this pig out..." I put the in my arms Lily down, and I said to the close guards behind me, "put him to death with the cruelest way which you can think of!"
"Feshert!" I patted on Feshert's shoulder.
"Ah! What?"
"Do you want to go out to stay for a while?" I asked him with concerns.
"No need to, it's better that I stay with you together..." He shook his head, "she died because of us?"
I nodded my head, and asked somebody to bring some water here for me, and then asked some people to follow Lily to release the rest of the people, and to bring a clothes over.
With Feshert's help, I removed the silver ornaments off the "wine glass" and laid it back on this female's head, Feshert recovered it with magic. When Lily brought back the clothes, we had already washed clean her body.
Put on the clothes for her, put her hands cross on the chest, she looked very serene.
"The flowing water prove, you are pure and flawless...
The blowing wind prove, you are pure and flawless...
The earth and mountains prove, you are pure and flawless...
The sun, moon and stars prove, you are pure and flawless..."
We gave her the farewell, when the wood stacked under her body burnt up the first cluster of flame, the standing by me Lily had "wow" cried out...
(Note 1: The given name is conferred on the ordinary people by the formal mage of the Temple, the people with the given name normally will have the higher status than the average people, it can let them more conveniently to squeeze the civilians.)
(Note 2: The master's seat is facing the door, the guest's seats are on the two sides.)


5

In the early morning, it's very clean in and out of the village, there's nothing such like blood stain left. 
I and Feshert also didn't care about the ending of Sunset Bath and his subordinates, their screeches were lasting for a whole night long, but I didn't want to know how he died.
Because I want here to become a stronghold, so I left a few members of the close guards in the village.
All the rest of slaves were let go by us, but no matter what, Lily didn't want to go to the Darkness city with them together. I looked at her, my mood was very bad. If it weren't for that I had hugged you last night, I would not care about whether you want to die or not!
"My best friends all died anyway, if you don't want to keep me," she held Abu tightly and not let it go, "you just can make me into a wine glass as well."
"I say, Kone," Feshert spoke to me, "then we just bring her to go with us, so that we no longer need to hire a maid when we arrive Wanpu."
When she mentioned the wine glass, my heart had a pain without any cause, I nodded my head, and then we brought her with us to set off. Before we left, I also reminded her kindly, if she couldn't loose her hands a bit, Abu would be going to die.
............
The third day after we set off, we arrived Wanpu! Wanpu! This is Wanpu!
We this group of people stopped the horses on a hill outside of the Wanpu city, I looked at this booming city carefully. She is not very large, more than half of the city are the dense small houses built closely to the port, a seemingly capacious street divides the city into two parts clearly, those with small garden houses on the side of the inland are very conspicuous.
"This is our money jar?" I have to admit, Wanpu is a little bit different from what I thought.
"I'm sure that this is Wanpu," Fdshert said, "but whether she will become your money jar or not, it is up to what you can do..."
I know setting fire or killing people, but making money... I'm not feeling well, I have a headache, my stomach hurts and I want to lie down, I also want to roll on the ground and moaning at the same time... Oh right, I also want to speak the swear words.
"Master..." Lily looked at me in the face carefully, "Can I speak?"
"You are not talking right now?" I didn't have the good mood to look at her, to her, I really can't say the rude words, "and, don't call me master, you can call me lord or Childe!"
"Yes, lord." She said, "I can tell that you're not very familiar with here... But I have been to here before."
"Really? Tell me about it then."
"It's like this, I... Before I was sold..." She hung her head down, "I had been living in here, with my good friends."
Feshert came over to pat on Lily's shoulder, but he didn't say a word.
"This... You can tell us slowly," I took a look at the sky, "if you are sad, I or Feshert can borrow a shoulder to you to lean on."
Lily had a smile, she pointed at Wanpu and began to explain to us. Then we knew, this small city in my fiefdom, it's really a true commerce city, in every day, the port has tens of cargo ships to the shore, all kinds of trades are like the raging fire...all different kinds of people are numberless as the sand, people in all walks of life are in the flood... But because there is no official management, this city is in deep disorder.
"It looks like that it's very interesting..." I said, "so that I can fish in the trouble waters, hey hey..."
"What are you laughing at?" Feshert asked me.
"Nothing, but there are so many business which we can do, I'm just a little bit excited..." I thought about it for a while, "we can just do it one bright way and one dark way!"
"What do you mean one bright way and one dark way?"
"Ask the Darkness city to send a castellan over here!" I made up the decision, "bring two hundred soldiers with him, "scrape the land and have some taxes..."
"You think about it, how much you can have in the short time like taxing on here?" Feshert said, "and what's the use for just two hundred soldiers?"
"The castellan is just a cover!" I think that my laughter must be very exaggerated, because even Feshert was frowning his brows, "I want to make Wanpu the biggest smuggling port in the whole continent!"
"Smuggling?"
"Yes!" I said, "I just thought of this, since there are such good conditions over here, and it's impossible to be completely banned by us... Then the best way is to control the smuggling in our hands, we will do the smuggling very impressive and also very formal. Furthermore, I will also want to develop some special people over here..."
"What kind of people?"
"Smuggling, we can not do this by ourselves!" I said, "besides, Lily just said that the folk management in Wanpu is very good!"
"Are you saying..." Feshert got it right away, "the things we can't do, we shouldn't do, we are inconvenient to do..."
"Right! All let them come forward to do it. And, the smuggling thing I also count your share in as well!"
"My goodness..." Feshert holds his head, "you even count me in? Then what should I be counted in there? Do I become the guy digging the corner of his own house?"
"Either you should do the smuggling, or you should ask your father to give me the money."
"Just say that I'm afraid of you," Feshert said in pain, "I think, I should still better do the smuggling."
............
After we got into the city, we found a hotel to stay first. The pretended to be the mercenaries close guard members moved to live in as well, but they didn't have a such good life, many people were sent out by me immediately, before occupying a city, shouldn't it sweep clean the small rural villages around the city first?
"If there are more people like the kind of Sunset Bath, don't let me know." I gestured once on my neck with my hand.
After a day off, I loitered around the street with Feshert, and see what kind of business we can do by the way. Of course, Lily followed behind us holding Abu in her arms.
Because we thought that we might show up in some social occasions, so we all appeared as the businessman.
I'm Mr. Turner now, Feshert now is Mr. Phil, Lily now is... I think I just still call her Lily.
After we walked a big circle for a long time, I got my feet sore, I still couldn't find any business especially good to make money quick. I decided to go buy Lily a couple sets of clothes, those not covering the whole body clothes she always wears would make me no taste. 
But I didn't expect that there are no one suitable ready-made clothes shop in the few streets close to the wharf! Why the people here all like to buy the cotton cloth in rolls and rolls, the needles in bunches and bunches, the scissors in baskets and baskets, they want to bring those home to make clothes? Shit! How come they even sell the pepper in large bale?
"Young master..." Lily walked close to me and said, "here is the wholesale place..."
"Yes, young master, Abu seems to see a store has clothes to sell," the in Lily's arms Abu sent the consciousness to me, "Just in that broad street..."
With a black face, I walked crisscross and then got onto that only broad street in the city, finally I saw that legendary ready-made clothes shop.
"Lily, you pick clothes for yourself," I sat on the chair which is the shop exclusively ready for the guests in the first time, "your young master I'm tired."
"Oh..." Lily held Abu in her arms and looked up in the store.
I rubbed my damn calves and began to look at this not too small store.
I should say that the owner of this shop is very good in doing business, this can tell from the crowded guests in the store. The arrangement of this store is also in perfect order, all the male or female clothes are hung up on the walls of the two sides by the shop owner in just the right places, they not only don't show any messy, but also let you feel very pleasing to the eyes. 
The more make me amazed is, next to each clothes, no matter it's the formal banquet outfit or the civilian clothes, no matter the male's clothing or the female's clothing, there are more than two set of match tassel laces and buttons those accessories for people to choose, this kind of way doing business is really brilliant.
"Sir," a clerk put a cup of water on the small table by my side, "please have a drink."
I picked up the cup and took a sip, a light cool mint refreshed around my throat and didn't fade away for a long time.
Such good reception, such fine mind, no wonder they have this such good business! Looked at the dress several store clerks wearing, I didn't expect that they could make such good money just by selling some clothes, I can't stop my admire to the owner of this shop, I don't know what kind of old fox this shop owner will be.
"Young master," Lily was calling me, "I have already chosen my clothes!"
"Really?" I walked to her and stood by her side, "let me take a look."
Lily wanted to save some money for me, she just chose a plain clothes which price seems relatively cheap, with no tassel and lace accessories, pale blue with white floral cloth, it looks like, well, it's very simple and pure fresh.
"Just only this one?" I asked her, Lily nodded her head seriously.
"Hey!" I waved my hand at one of the clerks, "you, that’s right, it’s you! Come over here."
"Yes, sir," the clerk came over, "what can I do for you?"
"This style I want two pieces," I walked along the wall and picked over, "and this design also two pieces, and this..."
"I'm sorry, sir," the clerk said to me, "all the clothes we have over here just one piece for each style, and, this style we have just already sold, you see, it has sold the mark on."
"Oh?" I was very unsatisfied, "only one piece? And you just sold it out! Do you know how to do business?"
"Sorry, sir," the clerk had already had the sweat on his face, "I'm really sorry."
"Ask your boss to come out here!"
"This..."
"Go ask!"
Lily was frightened, she stood behind me and pulled my sleeves gently, Feshert was still sitting primly and drinking his mint water, that expression, it clearly indicated that he doesn't know me.
"Sorry, sir," a voice came from behind, "I'm the boss here."
This voice doesn’t like the one of the old fox, it’s clear and melodious to the ear like the wind chime.
I turned around and took a look at this boss, sure enough, she is not an old fox, precisely to say, this boss is more like a coquette. She is very young, almost the same age as lily's, under a head of like flame bright red hair is a pair of full of untamed eyes, her whole body up and down are all sending out the youth breath, although she can be said as an extremely beautiful woman, but I don't feel very well for her arrogant expression.
"The boss?" I smiled contemptuously, "even the dog or the cat will have a name."
"Sir, please pay attention to your words!" She raised her head and gave me a stare mercilessly, "since your property allows you to walk into my store, your behavior should be more like a gentleman!"
"Gentleman? Sorry," I said, "I'm just a common businessman!"
"It's very disappointing!" She said, "surely it doesn't mean that there are only the bumpkins left in the Wanpu?"
"Let the young lady you disappointed," I said, "I'm really just a bumpkin, but now, I want to buy these several clothes!"
"Sure," she said, "we will be responsible to pack them well and send them to where you live, please pay three clothes a total of one hundred and fifty silver coins, or you can pay fifteen gold coins, we refuse to accept copper coins."
"Fifteen gold coins? Why don't you go to rob the bank?" this joke is getting big, couple years ago, when my poor Lily was sold, the price was just a little bit more than one gold coin.
"We don't rob the bank, we only sell clothes, if you don't want to buy or unable to pay, please hang the clothes back to the wall."
"Three clothes fifteen gold coins, if it's not robbing, then what else is it?"
"These three clothes are handmade by the best tailors in the continent, so the price will be a little bit higher," she slowly explained it to me, "furthermore, plus the freight fee, the decoration fee... And, you can't enjoy the discount of our store because you are not a noble, so the total will be fifteen gold coins, you can't buy it if you want to pay a coin less." 
"How much will it be if for the nobles!"
"Four and a half gold coins, but you know that the common businessman like you can't enjoy this kind of discount!" 
"Alright! I will pay for it!" I gnashed my teeth and put my hand into m pocket, "you will pay for the price one day!"
"I? I don't need you to worry about me." She swayed her hair, took over the clothes and left.
Feshert seemed like that he got choked by the water at this moment, he was coughing very hard.
............
"Bitch! Damn woman!" I was kicking the things in the room to let off my temper.
"Don't kick anything any more," Feshert sat on the only intact chair in the room, "as a matter of fact, you are still not very embarrassing."
"Still not embarrassing?" I kicked on the bed post once again with my  foot, "then what else could be counted as embarrassing?"
"It doesn't matter," Feshert said, "you can find a way to let her to lose face a well!"
"Yeah! Why didn't I think of that?" I put on a black cloak right away, I pulled Feshert up and then walked down the stairs.
"Wait a minute! Wait a minute! My Mr. Turner," Feshert said, "what do you want to do?"
"Oh! My dear Mr. Phil, I think since you have already promised to join the smuggling with me," I turned my head back and said to Feshert, "you also don't care to have a robbery as the warm-up before the smuggling business, right?"
"Wait a minute, what I said to make her lose face is not this meaning!"
"Suit yourself, if I just go all by myself, that would be hooking the wealth and hooking the people at the same time. If you will go with me together, I can consider to give up one of them."
"I... I think I should better go with you." 
"It's not that I force you to do it!"
"Yes, yes, you allow me to go with you in my insistence."
"Then let's go..."
The business in the coquette store is unbelievably good, we wait until after it was dark, then she just leisurely got on a white luxury carriage to leave, the pulled by two white horses cart has a conspicuous noble symbol on, and even the driver's uniform has the silver edge.
"Hey hey..." I was "pa pa" cracking my fingers one by one, "you this bitch..."
The white wagon was driving to the residential area in the edge of the city, I rode on the horse to follow behind it slowly with Feshert, I knew that there should be a long slope, which is needed to be passed through from here to the residential area, and there are not even a streetlight over there.
Hey hey hey... I will give the driver a fierce one, and then pull her out of the wagon, daub the mud on her hair and face which she is proud for herself, must be the most smelly that kind. And tear her clothes apart, must be the most thoroughly that kind, oh yes! Also scold her with the dirty words, must be the most savage that kind...
The wagon has already come to under the slope, this section of the road is very dark, the lantern lamplight on the wagon also appears some pale yellow. The driver slowed down the wagon, I gave Feshert a hint with the eyes, we were ready to rush up over there to block the wagon, I had even thought of  the first words what I supposed to say.
Nobody could think of that, right at this moment, the wagon itself was halted to stop, and also some intentionally lowered voices came from the front of the wagon.
"Robbing! Don't move!"
This sentence was said cold, professional and shocking. But I'm definitely sure, this sentence is not said by me or Feshert, we were still about ten horses distance back behind the wagon! 
In the dim light of the night, I finally have seen, there are one short and one tall two men standing in front of the wagon, they were all wearing the hats to cover their faces, the daggers in the hands glowed with the cold light, uh... It's not that great, we met the counterparts, should we go over to say hello to them?
"You sit well over there for me, don't make any move!" The short robber said very fiercely to the driver, "we just want to get something..."
It seemed like that the driver was terrified, not only he was not moving, but he also was not saying a word.
"I knew that you these son of bitch are rich!" The tall robber walked to the wagon, "having this kind of beautiful wagon..."
Well... This guy also knows to talk billingsgate? I just don't know, whether they will visit me and Feshert by the way after they rob this smelly woman?
"Well... We," Feshert asked me in low voice, "do we need to help them?"
"Which side?"
"You!" Feshert said, "of course we go to help that lady."
"I bah! I don't want to help her..."
"If she is that that by those two guys first," Feshert persuaded me, "then you would lose the chance to revenge..." 
"Che, we need to wait for a moment even if we want to help them." I said, "we must show up in the most dangerous moment, let her to throw herself into my arms gratefully... Pay me back those fifteen gold coins and respond for our clothes for the rest of the life as well..."
The tall robber has already walked to the door side of the wagon, he took a deep breath, and then he said to the short robber, "damn! Smell very good... I'm sure that it must be a little bitch inside..."
"You this idiot!" The short robber scolded, "still not hurry up?"
On the one hand, I feel excited for someone will make this smelly women humiliated, but on the other hand, I also feel that she should supposed to be robbed only by me, it's very antinomy...
At this moment, the tall robber had the grinning smile on his face, his left hand had already touched the door handle...
Your mama, you this smelly woman should just have a scream in the wagon! Otherwise how can I put down my face to save you?


6

Suddenly, an only one finger wide narrow sword appeared, it broke through the door and stabbed into the tall robber's chest, the violent punch didn't reduce a bit and it stuck out through his back! The two inches blade point showed on the tall robber's back flashed the cold light. It's as fast as a silver lightning, the tall robber was even too late to make a sound. 
I had my jaw dropped, Feshert had his jaw dropped, all the people had their jaws dropped!
The taken away from the tall robber body blade point shook slightly a couple times, and it was got stuck a bit on the door of the wagon, finally it was retrieve back into the wagon. The retrieving sword action has a world of difference from the stabbing out that one earlier.
That smelly woman did this! I and Feshert had a look at each other.
Hit the nail right on the head, the tall robber dropped his dagger to the ground, his right hand gripped hold to the blooding wound and swayed his head, he walked to the short robber step by step, he reached out his left hand to his partner... Finally he couldn't hold on to it any more, his body got weak, and collapsed to kneel down on the ground.
"Stand up! You this blockhead! Give me stand up quickly!" The short robber shouted.
"Help me... Help... Me..." The tall robber climbed to him, "you said... It's very easy... How come... It would be like this..."
The short robber had his head full of sweat, and his breath was hoarse... He swayed his dagger which was in the hand a few times, turned around, held his hat and ran into the shadow of the roadside. The sound of the footsteps faded away, the tall robber hung his head down, and he could never lift it up again.
The driver shook the horse rein, the carriage continued to start off again, it seemed like that it was not the first time he met the things like this.
"What do you think about this matter?" The remained in situ I asked Feshert, "tell me about it."
"I think..." Feshert said, "if you have the same way like this... Either you die or she die... Mostly she will die. Even though today her behavior was a bit too excessive as a fair lady, but you shouldn't treat her like this, right?"
"You are right," I began to turn my horse back, "we are done for today."
Should say, I don't get to the situation that I have to fight against this smelly woman yet, I just take this accident as an excuse to turn my way around, moreover, I worried about her just now.
This smelly woman... Is also really a bit interesting.
"What about this," Feshert said to me, "let's make a bet."
"Don't you never want to bet against me?"
"But this time is not the same!" Feshert had a grinning smile on his face and said, "this is an unusual circumstance."
"Tell me about what it is."
"It seems like that this lady is very good in doing business..." Feshert said, "even though it's somewhat strange for a noble to go into business, but you can draw her over to make money for you."
"Well... Very interesting, keep saying."
"If you can make her fall in love with you successfully," Feshert laughed disgustingly, "I will accept one of your requirement, you can just ask me to do whatever you want me to do!"
"Fall in love with me?"
"Right! Fall in love with you! But you can't use any violent means!"
"......" Could this be regarded as a good idea?
"Not so sure?" Feshert said, "I have already known that you just know bragging."
"Who said that!" Of course I won't be convinced, "I'm just thinking how to explain to my three wives at home if I do it successfully."
"If you succeed! I will help you to explain... Further more, you do this all just for the money, this also is a risk with your life and sacrifice for the country."
"This..." I was still thinking, "you mean, if I go to do this, not only no one would blame me, but also they will feel grateful to shed the tears for my this great behavior?"
"Yes!" Feshert nodded his head repeatedly.
Oh? I'm like a fool to be cheated easily by you? Just let you believe that you had already cheated me once.
"So, since it's like this," I said, " but I do need your help."
"It's no problem," Feshert thumped on his chest, "I'm definitely sure that I will help you, I'm an adult!"
"You are an adult? You are just the most exalted young chicken in the empire!"
"I! I... You are not the same as me? Even though you have already had wives..."
"To ensure that we will abide by the bet rule, I think that we should become the adults today!"
"That's easy to say, it's not such easy to become..."
"It‘s fine, let's find a brothel to have a practice..." I ignored Feshert's protest, I grabbed his rein and went.
…………
In the red-light district in the Wanpu, all kinds brothels line up in the street, the lantern lights are over the upstairs everywhere, the hookers are all over downstairs, I got my eyes dazzled, I don't know where to start from.
"I say..." Feshert whispered, "we should still just better go back."
"No!" I didn't promised him, today I must have the ammunition which this boy go into the brothel to fall in my hand, otherwise I don't need to be a man in the future.
"Sir!" A guy with the same age as us walked to us, his clothes is clean and has his face wreathed with smiles, "do you want me to be your guide?"
I looked at him, he has the delicate look, a no perverse trend young man, how would he do this?
"Do you need one?" He said, "I won't collect any of your money."
"Don't collect any money?" I had a haha laugh, "then what do you rely on to live?"
He was about to explain to us, a hand put on his shoulder and pushed him out very far away... I have seen many general fights, but interrupting my question would made me in a very bad mood.
"Very good! Chatin you are really not afraid of death, you come to our place to pull our customers again!" A big fellow took hold of his clothes and said.
"I have not, I have not..." He explained in a hurry, "I just saw that these two gentlemen didn't go into any one of them in a long time, so I think that maybe they are not very satisfied with..." 
I used the end of the magic rod to tip on the big fellow's neck, hinted him to put down his ready to hit people hand.
"The dark sorcerer..." He took a look at my magic rod, and took a look at my black cloak again, then he got his face pale.
"Sorry, sorry." He put his hand down right away, "I didn't know that he is sorcerer your friend."
Oh... After all, it's so useful for the sign of the dark sorcerer! I waved my hand, let the big fellow get lose.
"Thank you! Thank you, sir!" This named Chatin guy gave us the salute.
"Find us a brothel," I said to Chatin, "the environment must be a bit quiet, the women... Must be hot and pure, oh yes, also must be clean."
"No problem! No problem, gentlemen," he took over the reins from us, "please come with me!"
We walked cross two streets, then we stopped in front of a not very big yard. We got off the horses, Chatin have already tied the horses very agilely by the side, then he asked us to please go in.
The yard is very quiet, heard someone come in, a woman came out of the main building, the pale blond hair is tied with a silver ribbon and is on the shoulders at will, the blue dress can set off her good figure more. When she walked to us with the smile on her face, her shoulders not sway, her waist not twist, only the knee-long embroidery belt is in the flickering swing.
"Welcome welcome, two gentlemen," she introduced herself first, "I'm the boss of here, you can call me Lucy."
"It's very rare to see a boss so beautiful," I laughed haha, "I'm Turner, and this is my friend, Mr. Phil. Phil, please say hello to this beautiful boss."
"I'm Phil... How... How are you, my beautiful boss." Obviously, the flushed Feshert was absent-mind. 
Lucy had a stare blankly, and then she came over to understand, she smiled to bring us into the hall and sat down, all the way she didn't mention anything about our identities. The displays in the hall are not that many, but are placed very proper.
"What do you want to have for a drink, gentlemen?" Lucy asked, in the bright lights, I can tell Lucy is a bit older than us.
"Alright, then give us some red wine," I took off the cloak, what I had inside is a casual dress.
"Alright, please wait for a moment." Lucy walk out of the hall.
It looks like the business over here is just so-so, there are only two of us customers in this big hall. I asked Chatin to come over, I asked what happened.
"Actually before this, sister Lucy's business was very good, you can say it's the best in Wanpu," Chatin sat by the side, "but there came a new boss in Wanpu several months ago, he drove the original old one away, and he took over all the business of here. Because sister Lucy won't bowed down her head to him, so..."
It's like this, no wonder Chatin will be beat when he goes out to get a guest.
"Several months, is it hard to maintain the business?" Feshert asked Chatin.
"Yes, all the drudgeries and girls in our here are scooped out by other brothels... Now there are only more than ten people who were sheltered down by sister Lucy left.
It seems like that this Lucy is also not bad at the ordinary time, there are still some people don't want to leave in this kind of situation. 
Lucy held the wine and meals coming from the outside, Chatin shuts his mouth in discretion. The boss serves the guests by herself, this is really hard for Lucy.
"Two gentlemen," Lucy said with a smile, "what kind of girls do you like? Or you want me to arrange a couple for you two gentlemen?"
Heard the girls this word, Feshert looked at me with the eyes begging for mercy.
"No need to be hurry, miss Lucy," I smiled and said, "I want to buy you a drink, Chatin."
The smart Chatin stood up in a hurry and poured the wine for us.
"I heard, miss Lucy has some troubles for this time being." I swayed the glass in my hand gently, looking at the shaking red liquid in the glass.
"This..." Lucy didn't expect that I would talk about this, "Mr. Turner's meaning is..."
"Oh! I just come to Wanpu today," I said, "I've heard that this place can make some good money, so I just come here to check it out first. And, I have to find a place for my brothers to stay who are on the road to come over here."
"You do your business, I do my business," Lucy has had no smile on her face, "we don't have to get into what relation."
"You don't have to be nervous." Why today I can't meet a good temper woman?
"I'm not nervous."
"Exactly to be said, I want to cooperate with you, I thought of the words, "you can listen to my offer first."
"It's like this," seeing Lucy didn't say anything, I continued to say, "I can give you a good environment, guarantee there won't be anyone coming to harass you, I can also give you a part of the fund, I will give you all the helps you need."
"Then what do you want me to do?"
"In a month, I want you to get back to the first back in Wanpu, squeeze down all the other brothels in three months." I took a sip of the red wine, "half a year later, there are only three brothels can be left in Wanpu. And the boss of all of these three brothels, must be you."
"Probably the boss of all of these three brothels is you for sure," Lucy had a light laughter, "it's just another boss, don't say that you don’t have the appetite to take down all of these first, what's the benefit this will be for me? Can you just let me go?"
"No matter what, it's still better than your now this look, right?"
"I don't have this ability, you can just find another one."
"No this ability? Don't say that you can't maintain the business for several months in such circumstance like this, we should take a look at our beautiful boss first..." I stood up and said with the smile on my face, "looks like dressing in very simple and elegant, the makeup is not novel neither, but why my this friend will be flushed whenever he sees you this boss? Beautiful boss you have your good way to deal with man, it will be very wasteful if I can’t use you."
"I... I have no flushed!" Feshert was in protest.
"You see," I put my hand on Feshert's shoulder, "the beautiful boss is in light makeup, as common as an old shoe, but the silver ribbon has some gems on, the style is elegant and dignity, waiting on the guests is just having a smile but not like other female bosses to glue with their bodies, huh huh."
"And the clothes, it looks like very serious, not showing her chest or back, even the arms are covered as well... But it has the most destructive lethality on this beautiful boss."
"Really? Tell me about it." Lucy stayed calm and collected.
"If I can tell it out, you must promise me, no rascal."
"Ha ha," Lucy had a smile biting her lips, "many men know that my this clothes attracts people, but nobody can tell what's the reason why."
"I just take it as your promise," I said, "I don't talk about the others, let me talk about your this belt. As we all know, the belt should be put inside of the clothes, but you put it outside of the clothes instead, the belt is very long, dragging to the knee, whenever you move or walk, the waist belt will sway nonstop, it's this only moving belt on your body luring the guys, it lets men think of your underwear by the waist belt, think of your body by your underwear, think of sex by your body! When a thought of sex man sees your this serious and dignity dress, he will be more impulsive... If I think it right, the beautiful boss you should be still just a girl!"
Lucy looked at me confused, she spoke after a while, "you, who are you?"
"I'm Mr. Turner!" I said, "you forgot it so quickly?"
"Who are you indeed?"
"It doesn't matter who I am, the important thing is that I really want to cooperate with you."
"Alright," Lucy thought for a long time, "but you have to realize your promise, otherwise there is no cooperation this thing."
"Deal!" I put a purse which has two hundred gold coins in her hand, "at most five more days, there will be a new boss show up in Wanpu. But it's different from before those bosses, he will call you sister Lucy, you can go get ready with these money."
"I hope so," Lucy held up the wine glass, "wish us every success!"
"With success!" I drank up the wine in one bite,  "where are our ladies? My friend has been waiting anxiously."
Lucy clapped her hands, there were four girls coming in from the outside, although they are not heaven beauties, but absolutely they can make guys can't help loving them upon seeing them.
"Let you two gentlemen incur ridicule." Lucy stood up, she introduced the girls to us while she was arranging the girls sitting by our sides.
"These two are the most beautiful and hot in our here," Lucy smiled and said, "these two are pure and cute, and it's the first time they come out to meet the customers, you can't bully them."
There two girls sat next to me and Feshert each, one beautiful and hot, and one pure and cute. Feshert sat between two girl, he was sweating like raining.
After drank a few glasses of wine, laughed haha, held the two sisters to stand up and walk to the room upstairs, when I walked by Feshert, I also lowered my head to speak to his that beautiful and hot girl, "it's the first time for my this friend, if you work hard, I will give you a red packet with great money." 
The beautiful and hot girl had a light flashed in her eyes, but Feshert's face got green.
"Bye bye!" I laughed out loud haha, "I will go over your there to make the rounds of the wards tonight!"
............
In the room, the magic lamp emits some weird red light, the two girls' hot as fire bodies twined on me, their eyes are full of femininities, their sounds sometimes were rapid and sharp, sometimes were commonplace and lazy low... I found out that, it seemed like that I  coincided with my former life.
Don't know how long later, I woke up from the addiction, I opened the window and stretched my arms, I saw that Feshert was in the garden down the stairs.
I put on the cloak and walked out of the room, I have to go to comfort this poor guy, he was sitting in a corner of the garden and pulling out the leaves from the branch attentively.
"What's the matter, my brother," I sat by Feshert's side, "whether your ability is inferior to others that you harm the army pride, so you just vent your anger on these flowers and grass?"
"You impair me," Feshert was still pulling the flowers and the grass, "I feel sorry to my father, I feel sorry to my mother..."
"You should also feel sorry to the whole world!" I said, "of course, including me."
"You!" Feshert had the tears in his eyes, "you... I... You..."
"If it's just that you couldn't resist the temptation?" I asked, "so what?"
"You still have the face to say..."
"Who do you live for?" I began counting my fingers to let him see, "for your father? For your mother? For your future wife? For your future lieges?"
"I didn't think about it..."
"Of course, what do you think about this for? You are living for yourself, of course, these are all important for you, but these are not the all of your life..."
"Really?"
"Of course," even though I spoke to him like this, but I also don't know whether I'm right, "what is life, I don't know anyway, I just only know that there will be a lot of things happened in life, some will give us happiness, some will give us sadness, some will give us hope, some will give us regret... We can struggle, we can resist, we can be obedient, these all depend on your attitude."
"Great! I choose resistance!" Feshert said, "you this devil, I want to duel with you!
I kicked him very far away with my foot.
"You this idiot!" I walked over there and grabbed him up, and whispered, "are you sure that you can beat me?"
"You..."
"Your highness... My brother," I said, "no matter you are going to resist or be obedient, it's inevitably that you will feel all of these... Duel for this kind of small matter, then what would you do if something big else happen?"
"But ... It's really embarrassing... And... And..." Feshert whispered.
"Which one?" I asked him, I have seen too many things like this.
"Well... Uh..." Feshert had his face flushed.
"Forget about it, I will tell Lucy tomorrow, all these four girls tonight will not serve any customers any more."
"Oh... Good..."
"But I want to remind you one thing..." I pulled him and walked to the room, "it's very normal to be precious for his first woman as a man, but you must know that they can never go to the front for your this identity..."
"I understand... Just, I feel a little bit different from before... I also don't know what's the matter?"
"Speak slowly, we are brothers."
"To be honestly, I was really in a mess at first, it’s a very strange feeling," Feshert looked at me, "to tell you the truth, I was really mad at you when I walked out of the room, as you know, I have never done a thing like this before... I..."
"Me neither."
"Now, I just want to share the joy and panic as becoming an adult with you, for real, and a little bit of fear... Surprisingly, after walked out of the room, I have already become an adult..."
"Congratulations, Feshert, you have already grown up."
"You are not the same..."
"Yeah, I almost forgot about that..."
"Come on! For our ideal... Try our best!" Feshert held my hand, "but first, you can't lie down to feign death again, last time I was really worry!"
"Ha ha, no more no more!"
"That's good, let's go into the room," I was kicked into the room by him, he stood still and said, "we still have a lot of things to do tomorrow!"


7

I and Feshert sat at the table and listened to Jack's report.
In the last two days, Jack and Marf have been bring the subordinates to comb through the more than ten small villages around Wanpu, he was sure that its clean level is absolutely no less than the royal kitchen, so those garbage in my opinion or some other things are not even a little slag left.
"We saved many people, according to boss your last time's way, we sent them all back to the Darkness city," Jack said, "the people sent from the Darkness city there must have already been on the way." 
I took a look at Feshert, but he hinted me to speak.
"Good, you guys have done it pretty well!" I said, "but we still have two things in our hands, we must get them started right away."
"You just tell us what we need to do!" Marf had a smile on his face, "we have been waiting for a long time."
"The first thing, you must find out who is the boss in charge in Wanpu right now, how many people he has, where their activity places are, where his lair is..." I thought about it for a moment, "I want to pick a right time to visit him."
"Yes!"
"The second thing, do you know that clothes store which one is selling the ready-made clothes in the city?"
"Yes," Marf said, "haven't you already bought some clothes from there?"
"I want to know everything about this store, especially the things about the shopkeeper," I said, "the store, the home, the things all about her! Marf, you listen up, I want to know everything about her! The things more detailed the better!"
"Rest your heart, boss!" Marf said, "I enjoy to do this since I was little..."
............
I can tell, Marf did have this hobby, in just one day, he not only checked everything about the boss of Wanpu out, but also even got what color of the underwear the clothing store boss wear yesterday. 
"The owner of the clothing store is a female, her name is Deere Merlin, a noble. Her father is Ian Merlin, the title is a baron," Marf sat down next to me, he told me all he got word by word, "the Merlin family originally had many business in empire Leewa domestically, but because this Ian Merlin baron had too many hobbies, so that their family financial situation consisted in the decline... Besides they have a clothing store in the Wanpu city, they also have a luxury house, and they have a house by the seashore village outside of the Wanpu city..."
"Villa." I corrected him.
"Yes, villa." Marf kept going on, "Miss Deere Merlin has a strong will since she was little, she can do anything no lose to the man, she can ride the horse without the lady side saddle, her fencing is also can get by, she even takes care for the household and is responsible for his father all by herself after her mother died, if not for her to maintain this store, I think that Ian Merlin would have starved to death..."
"What kind of people this Ian Merlin baron is?" I asked Marf.
"A standard noble, he has a lot of hobbies of the standard nobles, like hunting, especially like to play cards, he once lost the money which his daughter earn hard in half year on the table in a very short time, it made her nearly bankrupted. In addition, he is particular about face very much, he never quarrels with his daughter in front of others."
"They are father and daughter, and they still quarrel?"
"Yes, according to what their cook said, his daughter wants him to give up a couple of hobbies..."
"Then what did our this baron say?"
"When quarreled to the extreme, this Mr. baron even took out a short sword against his own throat to threat his daughter..."
"Ha ha! It will be good enough that we have this," I laughed, "according to your estimate, how much property they have in Wanpu?"
"Hmm..." Marf thought about it for a while, "there will be no more than fifteen hundred gold coins, even count the real estate in!"
"It's like this ... So what else?"
"Her... Villa! It's very close to our preliminary selected smuggling location!" Marf said.
"What?" This really make me surprised, it took me a lot of energy to pick the smuggling site, and I also went there to check it out personally with Feshert at that time. That's an abandoned small castle close to the shore, the condition of the deep-water wharf under the castle is very good, and the residents around there are very few. Feshert admired very much to a country house building nearby, surprisingly, it's Deere Merlin's house unexpectedly.
"It's too late to select another place," I breathed a sigh out, "I hope that we won't get any troubles!"
"Boss..." Marf asked me with concerns, "are you alright?"
"That’s nothing, the things you have over here are done," I shook my head, "I give you three days, bring some people to go the first ship."
"Yes, boss."
"And send people to the Darkness city once again, ask them to send more people to here, hurry up!"
"Yes!"
I haved a sigh and laid on the bed, I took over the towel which Lily handed to me, and wiped my face absent-minded.
"What happened to you?" Feshert gave me a kick with his foot, "why are you downhearted?"
"If she found out that we are smuggling..." I said, "our bet will be dismissed automatically, I'll kill her right away."
"That's alright," Feshert not cared a rap to say, "I am just afraid that you will let somebody else to find out intentionally..."
I took a look at him with no good temper, Feshert shut up immediately.
"Go to have some preparations, we will go to visit the boss of Wanpu when it's getting a little bit darker," I closed my eyes, "s a boss, no matter what, he should also have some money in hand..."
I'm a boss, the doomed to be robbed by me guy is a boss as well, ah... The bosses really have the hard lot.
............
Chatin stood in front of the door, his legs were in shaking.
The current boss of Wanpu is behind the door, because I want to firmly control Lucy, so I brought Chatin out to do something for me, before Lucy can fully prove her sincerity, Chatin is a covert hostage. Of course, I would compensate him in the future.
"Young master, I..." Chatin was about to cry, "I... Am afraid to do this."
After he heard that Lily called me young master, he has been calling me like that, I don't want to get the distance too much far away between us, so I didn't correct him. 
"Don't be afraid," I patted on Chatin's back, "just remember what I teach you to say?"
"Remember... I remember!"
"Good, you trust in me, you will be fine if you have me by your side." I'm lazy to tell him what the truth is, I kicked him in with my foot.
The door collapsed inward, Chatin broke in and fell in the courtyard, and he couldn't get up for a long time.
"Who the fuck is that!"
A sudden violent shout came! Tens of people rushed out of the house, some people had the wine pot in the hands, some guys were still chewing the chicken thighs.
Chatin stood up finally, he stood in front of tens of fierce strong men, and he was like a lamb going to be butchered.
"Ah... Ha ha ha ha!" A boss look like people began to laugh, "after all, it's Chatin, whether your sister promised my conditions, then she asked you to please me to go over?"
The tens of people were all burst out into laughter.
"No, no!" Chatin's voice sounded very hoarse, "I have... Other... Other things for you."
"You this pile of shit," the boss began to raise his hand, "you think that you and you sister have the condition to talk about with me? Let me tell you! To ask your sister to sleep with me is which I think highly of her! If not your sister looks like having some taste... Heh heh... I would rape her first and then kill her, brothers, don't you think that I'm right?"
"That's right! Boss fucking woman is very severe!"
"That's right, boss, you just simply rape her and kill her first, then we can rape her again and kill her again... Ha ha ha ha"
Chatin's body had a sway, but he stood well once again.
"I... I come here to tell you..." Chatin said, "if you want to save your own lives..."
"Pa!" The boss gave Chatin a box on the ear.
"Then... Immediately pack all your things..." Chatin kept saying.
"Pa!" Chatin got another box on the ear, Jack wanted to go to help, he was pulled and held by me.
"Leave all of your money behind... Get the fuck out as far as you can!" Chatin finally holding his nose finished his words.
After heard Chatin's words, the current boss of Wanpy looked like silly, the brothers by his side looked like silly, then everyone laughed out loud together very happily.
"Hey... Hey hey... "He laughed his tears out, and he grabbed Chatin, "What... What are you saying?"
"I... I'll take your position!" It looked like that Chatin was ready to risk everything.
All the people were dumbfounded once again.
"Spoke very well," I clapped my hands and walked in there, Jack was behind me, "it's really good."
"I said how dare you this boy come here to look for death," that boss said, "after all, you got some helpers."
"Yes, that’s right, I'm a helper," I said kindly, "do you have any objection?"
"What do you want to do?" That boss kicked Chatin into the corner with a foot.
"I'm not interested in "What"," I said, "I'm interested in your money... All of it, I come here for your money."
"Don't think that I will be afraid of you, even you are a dark mage! No matter what, I'm also... Ah..."
Just same as how he just kicked away Chatin, he was also kicked away by me. Saw that I began to fight, Jack and the close guards of course would not stay idle, the fighting sounds were everywhere in the yard, the other side just a few small bludgers, they can scare the people like Chatin this kind at the ordinary time, how can they beat these came down from the battlefield guys? 
The reverberation cries came over, the bludgers fell down one by one, but I didn't have anything to do on the contrary.
"Young master..." Chatin touched his lower abdomen, he move slowly to my side step by step and crouched down, "you are very terrific."
I saw that he was in severe pain and had the look very bored, I thought about it, since I also have nothing to do temporary, so I don't mind to sit down with him for a chat.
"I said, why do you have Chatin this name?" We began to chat under the environment which time to time there were some screeches coming.
"This..."
"Tell me!"
"Well, it's like this, I... I have been bullied since I was little." He said, "when I was young, I was often tied with rope to hang high up to be played, they were laughing at me and chatting my name. Thus... After a long time, they began to call me Chatin."
How can this be? I coughed roughly.
After I relieved my cough and got it ease, I found out that Chatin was looking at me with a kind of very innocent eyes.
"Young master! Can you please help me to change my name?" Chatin said eagerly, "you can read, and you are also so terrific, and you have so many terrific subordinates! You help me to change a terrific name, and let people not dare to step on me once they hear about it that kind!"
Damn! Why do people always want me to change their names?
"Young master... Please..."
"You want that kind others not dare to step on you after they hear your name..." I thought about it for a while and said, "then what about just call you dogshit, then nobody will step on you if you are called this name..."
"No, young master!" Chatin grabbed hold my leg, "this name is really stinky..."
"You say that I'm very stinky to name a person?"
"No, young master, I'm not this meaning... I mean, the name you gave to me sounds very stinky..."
"What's the difference?" I said, "you are still saying that I'm very stinky to give people a name..."
"Young master... I... I..."
"Alright alright! I am afraid of you!" I thought about it for a while again, "then you can just call Tingel..."
"Angel??" Chatin had his eyes stared blankly for a bit, "no, young master, I don't have wings..."
"Wings? What do you want wings for?"
"Angels all have wings..."
"You heard it wrong! I shook off Chatin's hands, "the name I gave you is, Tin-gel! It's the dogshit of heaven, how about it? Power and prestige enough? Even the deity would not dare to trample on you easily..." 
Chatin had his mouth flat and wept, there were some falling down sounds around, I took a look, all the people fell down at the yard...
"Boss," it was still Jack responded quickly, he climbed up from the ground right away, "we have cleaned up here already."
"Oh," I nodded my head at him, "how many of them are still alive?"
"Five! Including that boss."
"Ask them where the money is first," I said, "and, don't kill them after finish the questioning."
"Yes!" Jack turned around and walked away.
"Get up for me!" I kicked Chatin a foot, "we have something to do."
"You listen up for me, Chatin," I said to him very seriously, "your coward character can't be just changed by a name, you must demand on yourself very strictly from inside to outside, and say goodbye to that old Chatin."
"Hmm..."
"Still crying! Cry your ass!" My hand had a turn, I put Chatin in a turn with a slap, "No crying allowed!"
"Yes!" Chatin swallowed the bellow back.
I handed a dagger to him, Chatin looked at me confused.
"After Jack question out where the money is," I said, "you go to kill those several people, I'll wait for you outside."
"Young master... I..."
"Either you get rid of them, you are the boss of Wanpu," I walked out of the door without turning my head back, "or you bring your big sister to beg on the street, literally you can choose one way."
I waited outside for a long time, the close guards have already gotten the money and come out, then Chatin appeared lowering his head. 
The following behind him Jack nodded his head at me, "he did a good job."
I put my hand on Chatin's head.
"In this world, there are no one can protect you anytime, most of the time, people all need to depend on themselves!" I said, "your body is weak, and your character is very soft, if you don't try your best as well, even your sister Lucy really will be raped and killed next time, I still can't do you any help." 
"I know, young master," he looked up at me, "but I want to drink a little bit wine... I also want to puke..."
"No problem," I put my hand on his shoulder, and announced loudly to everyone, "from no on, there is no more Chatin this people! Our Wanpu's new boss's name is---Tincha!"
"Tincha!"
"Tincha!"
"Tincha!" Everyone all had three cheers, and one by one came to give him a punch on his chest, and touch him on his head.
This is his new name, which I just thought of. If I knew then that his name will be put into "the three bitches of the duchy", I swear, I would spend more time to think of a more awe-inspiring name for him.
............
I was I low spirits in the room to think for a day, then I just thought of the way to deal with Deere Merlin, I wrote a long list to ask Tincha to buy the things for me. The first time to do the things like this, of course I should get ready sufficiently for it.
In less than two hours, this new boss of Wanpu walked into my room, he put down a lot of things on the table.
"Young master! Everything is ready," he said, "all the things you ask for are here, nothing is missed."
"Good! You can go out now." I answered him, "you go to buy something for yourself, and change your this dress." 
Feshert picked up the things on the table and checked them out.
"This is... I say Mr. Turner... Even though we got some money yesterday," Feshert was not very satisfied and said, "but don't have to buy so many noble clothing and accessories... And it's inferior to my taste..."
"Nice try," I said, "these are the props for the performance! And, how's your card playing?"
"Playing cards?" Feshert didn't even have his eyebrows moved a bit, "no problem, what do you want to do?"
"What do I want to do? Hey hey! Hey hey..."
"Hey, you laugh to get your drools out of your mouth! What exactly do you want to do?"
"I want..." I whispered on Feshert's ear.
"You! You! You... Cruel!" Feshert scolded me, "and then?"
"And then..."
"You you you... Mean!" Feshert scolded me again, "and next?"
"The next..."
"You you you you... Shameless... The following?"
"The last of course..."
"I don't want to listen to it anymore!" Feshert cried out loud, "I can't hear it anymore!"
"You have already heard it all..."
"You still can be counted as a human? You can even think of this kind of move!"
"It's forced out by you!" I said, "it's you who want to make a bet with me!"
"Ah... Miss Deere Merlin! I'm sinful..." Feshert said painfully, "please you must forgive me!"
"Knock it off, hurry up to go take the cards and let me teach you!"
Just like that, a big conspiracy just for the commercial prodigy miss Deere Merlin has formally begun. 


8

I drew four parallel black spots on a piece of paper, and put it under Feshert's eyes.
"Can you tell what's the unusual of it?" I asked, "see carefully."
Feshert kept looking at it until he got dazzled, and then he shook his head at me confused, "are you sure that you are not kidding me?"
"Kidding you? I'm not in the mood kidding you," I said to him, "adjust your eyes, and let the four points on this paper become three points,"
"Well... It’s a bit difficult..." Feshert swayed his head around, "ah! I did it!"
"Continue to try hard... Continue to see, until you can see them as three points at a glance..." While I was speaking to him, I began to pick up a card on the table to transform it.
This is a very difficult job, I must use a string to mark the distance of each point on the card first, and then I can draw the looks like no relationship line in the place corresponding to each point, that would be the same as the adornment lines of the ordinary card back. But to the after the special trained Feshert, the cards of the opponents would be no secrets at all! Yes, this was what I always did when I just began to loiter in my former life, cheating.
It's really very embarrassed when I talk about this, because a boss can't just come out from nowhere in a city, so my superior asked me to loiter in the lowest level for a while. And cheating, it's the must-have skill for every want to burn bludger. The general bludgers, they just make the marks on the cards with the invisibility potion, then wear the spectral glasses, it's easy to be caught... The ending will be extremely tragic.
But the way I like is, I will make the 3-d marks on the back of the cards with the special potion first, then I use my watch surface to reflect it out. When I was playing the cards, I'll look at my watch every now and then, ha ha, it's not too excessive? Once many people doubted about my luck, but I have never gotten caught, because... not that many bludgers have the taste like me.
But now the condition is very primitive, so I just have to put up with it, I just draw the 3-d markers on it. Ah! I didn't think that I this boss would be so miserable now, now I even have to do the job which the smallest subordinate would do it for me in my former life.
After I finished a deck of cards, I rubbed my eyes to take a rest, I turned around and took a look, my dear Mr. Feshert had already become a cross-eye.
I put on the costly new dress, change the face, bring a few servants to get on the carriage, and come to the only fancy hotel in Wanpu from the Wanpy wharf. Next to the hotel, it's the main activity place for I this traveling candidate noble, the noble night club in Wanpu, the Rose bar.
The first step of the conspiracy, will be performed in here tonight.
The day was just getting dark, I walked into the Rose bar, directly sat down by the bar counter, and then I asked for a cocktail.
I'm waiting, waiting for the dear baron Ian Merlin, according to the intelligence, he will be here to play cards every evening.
On the other side of the card table, the same dress up as a traveling noble Feshert is talking something with several people happily, this guy came on the stage with the noble identity one day earlier than I do, he won a lot of money in just one night. Feshert has the flowerlike beautiful face, with the graceful behavior and style of conversation, he wins the favors of many local nobles.
The waiter by the entrance opened the door, a forty something years old man came in, he wore a hat, with a gem stick in his hand, he looked like that he was in high spirit. The walking behind him Jack hinted me with his eyes, this is my prey, the baron Ian Merlin.
"Good evening, Mr. Ian Merlin," the waiter in the bar said, "still start with a glass of gin?"
"Of course, of course!" Ian Merlin sat down next to me, because there was only this seat next to me left in front of the bar counter. Assigning some helpers in the bar, this was the first thing Tincha did after he became the boss of Wanpu.
"There are really many people today," Ian Merlin nodded his head at me, "good evening, young man."
"Yes, sir," I replied him with a smile, "I'm new here, and you can call me Sevin."
"Oh! Sevin, I'm Ian Merlin," he reached out his hand friendly, "do you need any helps over here?"
"I'm not very familiar with here, I need a gentleman to help me," I shook hands with him, "do I have the honor to buy you a drink?"
"Of course, providing the helps to the young men is the no dodge responsibility for our these older generation nobles."
I asked for a bottle of fine red wine, and then sat down at a small table by the side with Ian Merlin. The strict training of my former life even changed my character in certain extent. As long as I want to, I can make friends with anyone else.
I told Ian Merlin, I'm a traveling candidate noble, now I'm on my way home. Because I suffer in my own estate, so I come to Wanpu to take a look, and I'll have some business investment at the right time. This is not strange at all, in the continent, there are many noble families not doing well like this.
The same experience zoomed in the distance between us pretty soon, not in a while, I and Ian Merlin became the good friends no words can't be talked. 
"If you want to invest in the business, it's best to talk with my daughter, she has some original views." Ian Merlin said, "I can introduce her to let you know some other day."
"I'll be glad to meet your daughter," I raised my glass, "I'll get some gifts ready to go visit you... What is your daughter's name?"
"Her name is Deere Merlin," Ian Merlin drank down the glass of wine in one gulp, "my pride!"
"Very nice name," I poured him the wine, "another glass?"
"Well, of course," he said with a smile on his face, "Sevin, in your hometown, I mean, over your there, what's the popular hobbies for your nobles?"
"Ah... When it's the right time of the season," I pretended to think of it for a while, "we'll have a series of great hunting activities."
"It's like this, I like hunting too, and I have a few good hounds." He lowered his voice and said to me, "you know, it's that kind of variant hell dog... I spent a lot of money to get them!"
"I'm really envy you," I nodded my head to express my understanding, "we have the gala party activities in every month, sometimes it's held by the royal family."
"Well, not bad not bad," Ian Merlin took a sip of the wine, "what about the ordinary times?"
"Usually we don't have too much to do," I shook my head, "I'll ride on the horse or what in the leisure time..."
"My young man, as a noble to say, you should have some hobbies that can communicate with other people at the ordinary times," he smiled and said, "of course, you are still young, you can develop those hobbies slowly."
"Please advice me," I said modestly.
"It's like this," he explained to me, "if you lack the hobbies like this, the others will say that it's difficult to get close to you, they will say that you are unsocial. Of course, in this way, your reputation would not be very good."
"But Mr. baron," I said earnestly, "you know, in fact I'm not unsocial or difficult to get close..."
"I know, I know," Ian Merlin took out the snuff bottle, he poured himself out a bit, "do you want to try some, my young man?"
"Thank you very much," I refused politely, "my father said, I shall not have the snuff before thirty years old."
"You have a good father, he said it right." He breathed the snuff in, he took a big sneezing, and then he appeared to have the great spirit immediately, "come on! My young man, let me teach you a kind of hobby which only the noble can have the right to have."
"What's that?" I didn't understand and asked him, "my dear Mr. baron?"
"Cards," he stood up and brought me walk to the other side of the bar, "we are going to play cards.'
At the other end of the bar, the still somewhat cross-eyed Feshert just had a game with his new friends, he's talking with a smile on his face, it looks like that everyone are very happy.
"Gentlemen!" Ian Merlin approached to the table and spoke to everybody, "please allow me to introduce a young gentleman, he is my friend too, the just arrived to Wanpu Mr. Sevin."
"Good evening, gentlemen," I'm very cooperated to reach my hand out, "I'm Sevin."
"It's very coincident, we have a new friend here too," a sit at the same table old gentleman stood up and said, "this is the just arrived to Wanpu yesterday Mr. Otar."
"How are you, Mr. Otar," I reached my hand out to Feshert, "I'm Sevin."
"Good evening, Mr. Sevin," Feshert and I began to star in the plot, "please sit down, let's have a drink together."
Right at this time, a waiter came over to us, he whispered a few words to a noble who was sitting with us at the same table, then the noble took a leave. So, I, Feshert, Ian Merlin, and that old noble, we four people sat at the same table together. 
This old noble was not chosen randomly, after we analyzed the information in large, we then chose this nice with Ian Merlin on the surface but unsuited in the heart guy as our supporting player.
So far, everything is running smoothly.
"I suggest, for the join of these two gentlemen," Ian Merlin raised his glass, "we cheers!"
"Cheers!"
We four people all had the drink with smile, everyone had his own bosom.
"Then, let's play some cards," the old noble said to me, "Mr. Sevin want to play?"
"Of course," I said, "Mr. baron have just told me that I should learn this hobby."
The old noble began to explain to me the specific ways how to play the cards, he explained it very detailed, his verbiage words made me want to commit suicide.
"...Basically, it's all like this," the old noble finally finished his explanation, "of course, if someone has not enough cash at the time, he can pay back the creditor within ten days. Besides, if somebody have the cheating behavior, he will be expelled from our social activities, all of the activities, his whole life will be finished." 
"Well, thank you very much for your explanation,'" I nodded my head at him, "I think that I can follow all these rules." 
"Of course, young man," the old noble said, "you look like very honest."
I'm honest? I can't even make it clear for this problem by myself.
"Alright! Gentlemen," Feshert said loudly, "let's begin, for showing our respect to this new friend, I suggest that we change for a new deck of cards."
The waiter brought us ten decks of new cards, our match began.
"The old rules, ten sets a round," Ian Merlin began to deal the cards, "gentlemen, please take your cards."
In today's card table, I'm just a supporting role, my mission is just to meet Mr. Ian Merlin smoothly, bring him to Feshert's side, and give him the stimulation to keep playing when he wants to hold back. After all, there are not many times for a man to go nuts. The real protagonist is the alias of Otar Feshert, he will deal with Ian Merlin with the old noble together.
And then I would also win the old noble a desperately poor by the way.
Gambling, it appeared since the day of human birth, it's the favorite of the speculators, it's the nightmare of the fools and honest men.
As a novice, I abide the role as a novice strictly. My face will lit up with pleasure when I get the good cards, I will look bleak when I get the bad cards... In my exploded hits, the first round was already over, I lost thirty eight gold coins totally, some win and some lose for the others.
"Don't take it to your heart," Ian Merlin said to me, "you will be familiar with it gradually."
"Yes, young man," the old noble held up his wine glass, "you need to learn from Mr. baron, I have seen the time when he lost, very good manners."
"Really?" Ian Merlin looked like that he was not so happy, "that thing is not funny at all!"
"Sorry, I'm not laughing at you," the won some money old noble said, "I just gave the children an example."
"You!" Ian Merlin was getting his anger out.
"Gentlemen, let me buy you all a round of drinks!" Feshert loses no time to say, "let's have some spirits?"
Ian Merlin and the old noble seemed that they don't want to keep quarreling, they all agreed, of course I wouldn't reject it neither. Tonight's every step is in our plan, in the spirits we were going to drink, I added a trace of... Hey hey.
Very soon, the second round is over. I lost more of my money, and Ian Merlin didn't win too much neither. Looking at the big pile of chips in front his face, the old noble was very happy, and he drank his face flushed.
"Mr. baron, I want to have a word with you," I spoke to Ian Merlin, "can we go to the bar there?"
"You don't have to worry about it," Ian Merlin walked to the front of the bar counter and said to me, "we will win it back, I promise."
He seemed to have a bit guilty for that I was losing money.
"Yes, sir," I said to him, "I believe you can win it back... I just worry about myself, you know, I just upset your rhythm several times accidentally. I, this novice, can't do you any help..."
"Never mind," he said, "never mind, we still have plenty of time."
"But I really can't, please forgive me... I think," I took out my purse, "here are one hundred gold coins... I ask you for the help! Please help me to play by you! I really can't withstand the pressure like this!"
"This... Alright!" he took over the purse, "I will tell you the result later on."
"Then I will go back to the hotel to wait for your good news."
I went back to the table, I took that I need to go back to the hotel to write a letter for my father as an excuse to leave, and I invited enthusiastically everyone to the hotel where I stay in at the convenient time.
The rest of the matter, it will depend on how Feshert do. When I walked to the door, I could see that he had been starting to use the cross-eye.
I bowed my head and walked on the street, there are some street lamps, the white magic light dragged my shadow very long. My new saddle boots stepped on the flagstones of the street, it's making the "ka ka" sounds, the running sounds were coming from behind closer and closer, I don't need to turn my head, and I know that it's Jack.
"Boss," Jack dressed up as my servant, "why do you come out?"
"I'm done with my job." I said, "now it's my free time."
"Done?" jack was surprised, "isn't it just getting start to play?"
"You want to know about it?"
"Yes, boss, please tell me."
"It will be alright to let you know," I said to him while I was walking, "to deal with a person, what's the most important thing?"
 "It is..."
"It is to understand him," I said, "know about his weaknesses."
"That's right, so you just ask Marf to inquire about his information?"
"Yes, and the next, we can use these information to analyze this person. As for Ian Merlin this person, he likes gambling, he will try to preserve his fall at all costs, these are all his weaknesses, and these two points above he will not changed a bit even until he die.."
"So you use playing cards to deal with him?"
"Playing cards is not the only way," I said, "but it's the most convenient way for us right now."
"But boss how do you know that he will keep playing?"
"The gambler also is a person, he has his feeling too, he also want to stop and not bet when he is awake..." I said, "what we need to do is to create an environment to let him keep betting! First of all, I showed up with the identity of that I don't know how to play cards, let him to teach me with the identity of the predecessor, because we can get along very well at the beginning, so this is well-reasoned."
"And then after that?"
"Then it's the choice of the players to play the cards. For the players, the opponents are very important." I said, "we match him with a Feshert... For him, access to a new card player, play a few rounds with him, study his technique and beat him down, it's a very enjoyable thing. And Feshert will act like that he is evenly with him in the first few round."
"Oh! It's like this."
"We both would not win in the first two rounds, and let the old noble win. The old noble and Ian Merlin always have some problems, Ian Merlin of course will not let it go like this. And plus everybody is stimulated by the wine, of course he will lose his mind more and more."
"Then boss you don't need to come out as well."
"Ha ha, I must leave."
"Why?" Jack likes to ask very much.
"To Ian Merlin, Feshert is a stranger, me too. The too unfamiliar environment will let him produce his alert, I'll leave in the proper time, then he would not have any doubts."
"Then why boss you will give him the money?"
"This will be stimulating him the further," I said, "he brought me to play the cards, and I lost, he would have the guilty more or less. I quit with this excuse, he will not only keep playing, but also want to win, so he can revenge for me. For him, that's the moral reason to support him to keep playing, and the money is not his, he won't care that much when he lose... Slowly, when he begins to lose his own money after he has lost all of my money, because he has this inertia, he wouldn't care that much neither... When he comes to his sense finally, everything is too late."
"Boss, it's very terrible..."
"Well?" I turned my head around and looked at Jack, "what?"
"Nothing, I just said that boss is very terrific," Jack said, "so you beat Ian Merlin just like this?"
"I didn't beat him down, We just gave him an environment..." I patted on Jack's shoulder, "it's him who beat himself..."
"He beat himself?"
"Yes, to beat a person, the best way is to let him do it himself..." I had a smile and said, "what about our that lovely miss Deere Merlin?"
"I just got the news," Jack said, "she went to a party, it's held by a noble lady, it's a very small scale one that kind."
"Really? Party..." I thought about it for a while, "we're going to go to there to take a look, let's go back to change the clothes first."
............
I was in an all black dress, I quietly stalking into the garden of a noble residence. I observed around the surrounding environment, then I climbed up to the second floor along the engraved with relief outer wall, all kinds of sounds came out from inside there.
I'm climbing very careful, because there are some plants on the wall, I don't want to make any noise to move the others. So I would climb a section once there are the sounds coming out louder, it's really tough.
When I just climbed up to the balcony side of the second floor, I heard that there are somebody coming out, I called it out shit in my mind, I shrank my body in the darkest corner of the balcony, I used a few pots of flowers and plants to block myself.
"Miss Deere Merlin, you should know it very clearly about my mind..." A man said eagerly, "you must know it very clearly, don't you?"
It's really Deere Merlin! Good luck.
"To tell you the truth, I... Don't know!" I can remember Deere Merlin's voice clearly, I cursed a few words secretly, and then I continued to listen to them to go on.
"You don't want to know about it? Deere Merlin?" The male voice said.
"Mr. Joey, I don't have any interest to know about it," Deere Merlin said, "I have no objection to it if you like to say."
Well, this guy's name is Joey.
"Miss Deere Merlin, please you don't torture me any more," Mr. Joey said, "you know, I love you!"
"Ha! It's really funny," Deere Merlin said, "I know it very clearly that how many girls you used this words to cheat on." 
"I just play with them! Please believe me, how can they be compared with you? I have all my heart for you!"
"All your heart? I know, all your heart just want to play me," it looks like that miss Deere Merlin has her own way to deal with this kind of playboys, "you don't have to trample on other girls to raise me."
"Miss Deere, for me, you are indispensable like the moon in the sky... Please give me the chance to let me prove my loyalty to you..."
"Mr. Joey, who allows you to call my name directly? I don't think that our relationship has already gotten to this step!" Deere Merlin said, "besides, I also don't think that you have any loyalty in love!"
"You wait!" Mr. Joey said very excitedly, "I'll go find the witnesses for my defense right away!"
"Go ahead," Deere Merlin said coldly, "but I won't wait over here for too long."
Mr. Joey walked into the room, haha! I didn't think of that my luck is so good, I have the good show to watch once I got up over here.
"Ah, reckless young man," an old voice came over to me, "the air over here is really good, isn't it? Miss Deere Merlin?"
Well? Another one coming as well, it seems like that the show is not over yet!
"Yes, it is. Mr. Pulet, good evening."
"If I didn't hear it wrong, haha," Mr. Pulet said, "Mr. Joey proposed to you just now?"
"Mr. Pulet, you know, I respect you," Deere Merlin said it slowly, "I don't think what's funny for this?"
"Really? I apologize for that," Mr. Pulet said, "then, you didn't promise him?"
"Mr. Pulet!" It sounds like that Deere Merlin has some anger in her tone, "I refused him, but it doesn't mean that I have any interest in your propose last time!"
Oh oh oh? This lost all teeth old man had a propose to her? Interesting, ah, it’s really interesting!
"Give up the life which you have now, to live with me, what's the no good with it?" The once again was turned down Mr. Pulet became angry from embarrassment, "for the Brightness God's sake! Deere Merlin, take a look at what kind of life you have right now!"
"I choose my own way of life," Deere Merlin said firmly, "I like it!"
"Like it? Rise early and go home late every day to watch your that ramshackle clothing store? Although you are still young and beautiful tight now, but how can you let your youth passed by at your discretion! Or at the side with the tired body to watch your father waste your hard-earned money at will?"
"My father loves me very much!" Deere Merlin said, "and no matter what, it's better than to be your mistress!"
"I hope you would think it well once again! Even though I can't give you the good reputation, but there are not that many chances like this, you should thank the God of Brightness." Mr. Pulet turned around and left.
Oh! The God of Brightness, you are really great! Can you see? They even have the sign of you while they are chasing after the girls!


Extra: The Dark Legend--The Big Conspiracy 1

 Miss Deere Merlin stood on the balcony, her lovely small mouth swelled. The luck of these days is not that great, a few days, there came a rude mouth parvenu in the store provoked her into almost mad, finally she sold him three clothes with the sky-high price of fifteen gold coins. That parvenu even bought the clothes with gnashed teeth unexpectedly, this made miss Deere Merlin really happy for a while. But who knew that she met the robbery again when she was on the way home that night! It's still not bad that she is proficient in fencing since the childhood, so she could got that through with more scare than hurt.
Today she didn't want to come to this party originally, but it's too boring to stay at home all by herself. While she just arrived, she was tangled by that playboy named Joey right away. This guy has been like this since he met her a year ago, his those disgusting and boring love letters have filled the trash can in her own room up, but he just feel happy to keep doing so.
And the mud has been buried to the neck Mr. Pulet, he just doesn't think about that he's old enough to be her grandfather, he even put forward the excessive requirement in a party as well!
"I'll be a woman like this?" Deere Merlin said to herself indignantly, "you these contemptible pigs!" 
The evening stars on the sky are so beautiful, Deere Merlin sat down on the chair in the balcony, she thought of the childhood days.
Since she was very young, she is just a person with the boy characters, she doesn't want to lose to anybody for whatever she does. She dared to climb up the tree to get the bird eggs, she also dared to beat mercilessly the next door that noble little boy. At her eight years old birthday, she had her first red pony. The teach her riding teacher was frightened, and he might never think that he would meet such a talented student? And she is a girl as well.
Her father once touched her hair and said, "Deere, it will be so nice if you were a boy, our Merlin family would be perfect."
Why I'm not a boy? No, even I'm a girl, I still would not do worse than the boys!
Her mother has a sapphire necklace, at the night, the sapphire necklace will give out the light blue light under the lights of the moon and the stars, every at that time, the innocent her will grab the necklace with her small hands and not let it go, and keep begging her mother to put it on for her.
"Good girl, Deere..." Her mother would stroke on her small face, "when the day Deere gets married, mama would put on the necklace for you with my own hands."
From then on, Deere Merlin is yearning for her married day, not for the other things, only for her mother can put on that necklace for her... But, this day will never come, in her fourteen years old that year, her mother left forever.
Her mother left, her father became more and more out of all reason, and got more and more absurd. He kills his time at the table to play cards or in the brothel, he doesn't care about his own business. In fact, these things were always taken care by her mother before.
Fourteen years old, she began to learn how to deal with the tenant farmers and the tax officials when she was just fourteen, she supports her that only knows enjoyment father with the hard earned money. Ah, she is seventeen years old now, she can just find a guy to get married randomly, but what about her father? Once she thinks about this, Deere Merlin can't help the feeling of inability.
For those people who keep chasing after her, Deere Merlin just has the playing with pets mentality to deal with them, she likes others follow behind her and compliment her, praise her beautiful look and youth breath. She likes to see their expressions in their eyes from extreme craze to cool down slowly, even before they are going to lose the courage to chase after her, she will also give them the proper encouragement.
"Mama, is this the man? Is this the nobility?" In the still of night, she will also looks at her mother's portrait and asks with the tears on her face, "how could you marry such a guy like him?"
"No! I can't be depressed like this!" Deere Merlin warns herself, "this evening, I'll let Joey fawn on me like a dog... And then, I'll kick him away in a foot with smile! I'm a strong people, I'll not lose to anyone!"
The weighed up countermeasures miss Deere Merlin changed to another sitting position, and the smile which can let guys lose breath shows on her face once again.
A burst o footstep sounds came, Mr. Joey walked to the side of miss Deere Merlin.
"Have you found any witnesses?" Miss asked with the naughty tone, "Mr. Joey?"
"I'm sorry," Mr. Joey said very helplessly, "I haven't found one yet."
"It's so..." Deere Merlin shook the folding slightly in her hand, "I've heard that a lot of people use "dear, sweet heart, my darling, honey, little rabbit, small fat pig..." such words to call your name..."
"Oh! Miss Deere Merlin! Would you please must believe me! I... I'm really sincere to you!"
"But... In what way you can prove your sincerity?" Miss Deere Merlin blinked her eyes, the long and curly eyelashes provoked Joey's heart.
"I... I ..." Mr. Joey suddenly got onto the fence of the balcony, "I can jump down from here! To prove my love for miss you!"
"Oh?" Miss Deere Merlin took a look at the height of the balcony, and made a comparison with the courage of Mr. Joey, and then she said, "you can jump down if you want to jump, I will go in there first to wait for you to come up from the downstairs."
Miss Deere Merlin walked into the room, she sat down on an armchair close to the balcony, she was waiting the don't dare to jump off the balcony Mr. Joey to come in for his confession.
Normally to say, what Deere Merlin thought is nothing wrong, at other times, Mr. Joey would definitely not dare to jump off the balcony, even though the height of the balcony is not that high. But, there is still another person in the balcony at this moment, a man in black dress, a man in black dress even has his face covered in black cloth.
The poor black dress man has been squatting in there for a very long time, he didn't expect that the show is kind of like endless, when miss Deere Merlin walked into the room, the black dress man's feet had already begun to feel pins and needles.
"Fortunately there will be no one here soon... He will jump down from here," the black dress man breathed a sign of relief, "you this big watermelon, finally I can stretch my body."
But he had waited for a long time, the stepped on the fence Mr. Joey neither went forward to jump, nor walked back to the room. Obviously, Mr. Joey is considering a very important matter.
"You this big watermelon, you just go jump off from here!" the black dress man scolds secretly in his mind, this taste of the "unbearable squat in life" is not really funny to stand.
Mr. Joey was still considering: jump? Or not jump? This, is a question.
"I couldn't squat over here any more..." The black dress man stood up slowly, he's rubbing his numb legs, he almost fell down, "I don't care about it any more..."
"If I jump down from here, miss Deere Merlin will surely understand my mind, but here is so high..." Mr. Joey looked at the two people high ground and thought, "I should just better to walk back into the room to apologize to miss Deere Merlin... But she wouldn't forgive me for sure..."
But tonight, it's doomed to be bad luck for Mr. Joey, behind his back, an eyes emitting green light (squatted down for too long?) black dress man lift his leg up.
"You this bastard... Just because you are jump or not jump, it made my legs squatted to numb..." The black dress man shook his head, he kicked his feet out, "let me help you to make up your decision!"
Mr. Joey opened his mouth widely, his both hands grasped his own hair tightly, his mouth gave out the "woo woo" plaintive wail, and he fell down from the balcony.
The party is held on the first floor, the second floor is the master left out to let the guests to have some rest, there is no other people, the in the room Miss Deer Merlin suddenly heard some of the servants downstairs yelling, "Mr. Joey jumped from the building!"
Although she didn't know why Joey became so brave today, miss Deere Merlin still stood up and walked to the balcony, she doesn't want anybody die, it's very troublesome to have any relationship with Joey this kind of people, because Mr. Joey's parents are very annoying.
In the balcony, the black dress man kicked Joey down with one foot, his mood now becomes very well. As he laughed "hey hey" and turned around, he wanted to go into the room and went down the stairs from somewhere to go home.
Who knows while he turned, he ran into miss Deere Merlin who was just coming out to the balcony, and two people are just right face to face.
Both people have not the psychological preparation, and they also don't know what to do for a moment.
Miss Deere Merlin's reaction is very quick, she has a jump to her back, she opened her mouth and was going to shout. The black dress man knew that it's getting bad, when miss Deere Merlin had her jump back, he threw himself forward, he brought miss Deere Merlin down on the thick carpet of the room, his one hand covered on miss Deere Merlin's mouth, his another hand held miss Deere Merlin's right hand.
But, our miss Deere Merlin still has her left hand to use, now, her left begins to move.
The black dress man doesn't have other ways, he has to use his head to hold Miss Deere Merlin's left hand to the ground tightly... But how would miss Deere Merlin this kind of character people give up the resistance? She first uses her that still can move left hand to grasp the black dress man's hair, grasped it tightly, and the leg under the skirt kicks to the black dress man as well.
Because his hair got caught, the black dress man gives out a stuffy hum. He lifts his legs to block miss Deere Merlin's feet attack, but miss Deere Merlin's attacks are once and once again, the black dress man then just simply twined around miss Deere Merlin's legs tightly with his own legs very impatiently.
Both people refused to give in with the very weird position like this.
Miss Deere Merlin has her chest up and down severely, there never a young man dare to get so close to her body like this before! She is very angry! Her hand grasped his hair tighter again...
The black dress man doesn't feel that great, he is panting deeply, his hair is pulled by miss Deere Merlin mercilessly, very hurt. He needs to catch and hold her right hand, cover her mouth, withstand her left hand with his head, and even needs to keep the legs of two people twined together... Now this position makes him feel that it's worse than the one he was squatting down in the balcony earlier. 
He would be dead many times if miss Deere Merlin's eyes can kill people, she keeps struggling, but after all, the girl's power has her limit. Soon after, miss Deer Merlin has been already very tired.
The black dress man feels the hand which is grasping his hair is a bit looser, to express that he has no means to harm, he also looses the hand which is covering her mouth a bit.
Deere Merlin can breath through her mouth now, she breathes heavily, she calms down slowly. 
Because the black dress man has his face covered, she just only can see the outlines of his face, the black dress man is also watching her, his eyes reveal the information that he wants the reconciliation. 
Both people were looking at each other in the eyes, everyone's breathing is getting gentle gradually, the force of the hands is also getting lesser and lesser, it seems that they can solve this matter peacefully.
"Miss Deere Merlin!" Someone knocked on the door from the outside, "are you alright?"
Heard someone coming, the black dress man has a bit nervous, his hand which is covering her mouth has a tight involuntarily! Of course miss Deere Merlin would not let him to feel good neither, she tightens her hand which is grasping his hair to show her revenge, the two people's eyes become fierce and hostile once again, and the atmosphere becomes tense again.
"Miss Deere Merlin?" The people outside of the door didn't know about the serious consequences because of his speaking, he is still knocking on the door, "miss Deere Merlin, what's happening to you?"
Now miss Deere Merlin is very contradictory, she can struggle again, but if other people see that she is lying down on the floor with this position when they walk into the room... She also can't explain it clearly even she has ten mouths... The more hateful thing is, this damn guy is still covering her mouth and not let loose... Or if she doesn't open her mouth and speaks again, the people outside of the door will come in!
Think of this, miss Deere Merlin gave a stare at the black dress man with her eyes. 
The black dress man suffers badly as well, he has the headache, his waist feels sore, the feet feel numb... Saw the stare from miss Deere Merlin, his smart brain know the reason why just in a half circle.
He took a look at Deere Merlin, shook his head slightly, and then slowly let go the hand covering Deere Merlin's mouth, put the hand on the black iron dagger which is tightened to his leg.
"If this smelly women yells, I would cut his throat..." He told himself, although he is not sure that he really can do it.
"I'm fine," miss Deere Merlin calms her mood down, she slants her head to speak to the people outside of the door, "I was just a bit tired and rested for a short time, "what's the matter?"
"Oh, nothing," the people outside of the door replied, "just Mr. Joey slipped and fell off the building." 
"It's really unfortunate..." Miss Deere Merlin said with sorry, "is injury condition of Mr. Joey serious?"
"Not that serious, our master has arranged the carriage to send him back to his house... You take a rest, I will come to call you up at the end of the party." 
"Thank you very much."
Deere Merlin who just finished talking with the servant has her head turned back, she found that the man by her side is smiling, although he has his face covered, but she still can tell it from his eyes, he's smiling, and smiles with somewhat difficulty.
Miss Deere Merlin gave him a stare very hard once again.
The black dress man holds back his smile, and gently shakes his head again, releases her hand, and loosens his legs which twined around her legs...
Miss Deere Merlin lets go the black dress man's hair, she pushes her both hands on his chest, so the two people are separated like this.
"You just incredibly dare to laugh at me?!" The originally very lovely Deere Merlin now looks very awful, she is like an about to go crazy mother wolf, "the not dare to face woman guy, what qualification do you have?"
"I have laughed at you? How do I not know about it?" The black dress man seems not very care about it at all, "oh! You mean just now, I was laughing at that Mr.... As for whether I dare to face woman or not... I think that the other women have more rights to speak than you do."
"What do you laugh at him?" Miss Deere Merlin knows with her intuition that this guy knows many things about herself.
"Oh... I was laughing that he looks very funny when he falls down." The black dress man hey hey has a smile, he finds himself a chair and sit down on it.
"You saw him jumping down?"
"More than just seeing," the black dress man has his eyes turned around, "it's me who kicked him down after all..."
"You..." Miss Deere Merlin is speechless.
"Like this man, no, we can't call him a man..." the black dress man says light-heartedly, "just the toothpick height, want to jump but not dare to jump, it gets me mad... So I just help him up a little bit, oh right, you just tell him if one day you can meet him again, tell him no need to thank me."
"You are not afraid that I'll shout?" Deere Merlin feels that she really takes no way to deal with this kind of people, "you this murder."
"It doesn't matter, I will use this to cut your throat open once you dare to shout..." The black dress man takes out a black dagger, "and then run away."
"You just know about how to do these kind of things?" miss Deere Merlin has no fear of the dagger which is in the black dress man's hand at all, she doesn't know why, she just knows that this man would not do any harm to her, even though he looks like that he is very annoying.
"Then what else miss you wants me to know about?" The black dress man has found another way to go down the stairs, "tight you up? Smell the perfume in your hair? Or kiss your that inviting small mouth... If you agree, I have no objection to take a bigger advantage from you..."
"You this rascal!" Deere Merlin grabs a vase and throws it at him, the black dress man has a backflip and catches the vase firmly in his hands.
"It seems that the vase is worth a lot of money..." The black dress man takes a look at the way to go down the stairs, he thinks that the vase is a bit too big, so he puts it down aside.
"Hey! Give me something..." The black dress man walks over to her, "I don't want to leave with empty hands."
Miss Deere Merlin has her hand flipped, and she slap at him, but unfortunately, her hand is caught by him.
"It's really headache," the black dress man avoids her one kick as well, and then he takes down her hair ribbon, "just use this to make up for it..."
"You this thief!" Miss Deere Merlin reaches her hand out, "Give it back to me!"
"It's very funny, the robber of your family will return the things that he robbed?" The black dress man puts the hair ribbon away, "Goodbye..."
Miss Deere Merlin had to watch this guy jumped out of the window, and she felt suffocated very much.
"I said..." Who know that guy poked his head out in the window again and asked, "what place is down there from here?"
Miss Deere Merlin almost got her breath out, she answered him with no good temper, "the kitchen!"
"Oh, I see," the black dress man nodded his head, "to give you a suggestion, do you want to listen to?"
Miss Deere Merlin makes a very proud "hum!" sound.
"You shouldn’t use the long sword any more in the future, I give this to you..." The black dress man put a thing on the window and then disappeared. 
Miss Deere Merlin looks at the window, waiting for the black dress man to show up again. There are often such people, for attracting her attention, they would do everything. But, the black dress man never shows up again...
She walks to the window slowly, then she just sees that the black dress man jumps over the fence and disappeared in the night.
On the window, there is a dagger with the scabbard.
Miss Deere Merlin picks up the knife, she takes a look at the workmanship of it, she is pretty sure that this thing is cast by the extremely excellent artisan of the dwarf race. She slowly draws out the dagger out of the scabbard, she shouts out in a loud voice, this is a black iron dagger indeed. Miss Deere Merlin has been doing the business for years, of course she will know the value of this dagger clearly, this is not the normal noble people can own.
On the handle of the dagger, it's the silk thread twined with a kind of fish skin which she has never seen before... The thread winding way is also very special... All of these, are same as its host, appears so extraordinary. 
The black dress man... Who is he exactly?
Miss Deere Merlin decides to go home to think about it again, she puts away the dagger well, tightens her hair with a silk ribbon, tidies up her evening dress, and then goes downstairs to say goodbye to the master of the house.
............
"Ah! Feshert! How was everything?" Kone Cada just changed the black dress, and then he saw that the alias Otar Feshert walked into the room.
Feshert has a crying face, "we won..."
"You won, why do you still have this look?" Kone looked up and asked, "how much we won?"
"We won too much..." Feshert breathed out a sigh, "we won Ian Merlin four thousand and eight hundred some gold coins, and also won that old noble nine hundred some gold coins by the way..."
"Ah..." Kone had his eyes a wink, "didn't you say that you can control everything?"
"How could I know all of that? It's all your that wine's fault!" Feshert said, "when I was awake, the people of the whole table had all their faces pale! And, the lost a lot of money Ian Merlin cheated in the last set, it was seen by all of us..."
"What did they say?"
"They will give me the money in ten days... No one debunked Ian Merlin on the scene," Feshert shook his head, "Kone, what should we do? This might make somebody lose their lives."
Kone asked Jack to come over in a hurry, he whispered a few words in Jack's ear, and then Jack left immediately.
"You write a letter to Ian Merlin immediately, to extend the reimbursement ten more days in the letter. Besides, also tell him all of you believe that he was drunk in the last few sets and forgive his move!"
"I will write the letter right away!"
"Shit!" Mr. Kone took a look at the night outside of the window, "there's better no incident happened, I have to go take a look."
............
Miss Deere Merlin hums the cheerful dance music, steps the fox trot to walk through the long corridor of her own house, carries the skirt edge of the evening dress with her both hands lightly, a dagger with the scabbard on is hung by her little finger and swayed up and down.
She will go to say good night to her father, and asks her father how much gold coins he lost again today by the way.
"Good evening, miss." When she walks to the door of her father's study room, the servant says hello to her.
"Good evening! Have my father come back yet?" Deere Merlin inserts a rose which she brought back from the dinner party in front of the servant's chest.
The servant accepts the miss's flower with a smile, he sways his head once and says, "yes, but he seems not very happy."
"Ah... It doesn't matter, let me talk to him, you go to rest, thank you."
Deere Merlin is in a good mood today, she doesn't want to quarrel with her father.
"Yes, miss." The servant opens the door for her. 
She walks into her father's room, she sees a middle age man is drinking at the desk, there is a short sword drawn out of the scabbard on the desk.
"You lost again today?" Deere walks to the desk, she takes away her father's glass, "I have told you to give up playing cards this hobby, that is not suitable for you."
"Yes... I lost..." Ian Merlin takes the wine bottle up, and gulps down a mouthful crazily, "I lost all of it."
"Really? How much did you lose this time?" Deere Merlin asks, her father will lose money every other few days.
Her father doesn't answer her, but picks up the short sword from the desk, and he puts the blade point to aim at his own heart.
"Deere, you must help me..." He said, "otherwise I will be over..."
Deere Merlin takes a deep breath, she is ready to accept the fact that her father has lost a lot of money.
"You just tell me the truth, how much money did you lose today?"
Ian Merlin says, "Deere, I'm very sorry..."
"How much exactly?"
Mr. Ian Merlin reaches out four fingers and sways.
"Father, you've gone too far! How absurd that you could lose forty gold coins in just one night! You know..."
Mr. Ian Merlin says very difficultly, "not forty..."
"It’s... It’s four hundred?" Miss Deere Merlin bulges her eyes, "that's almost all of our property!"
Mr. Ian Merlin drops his head down, and he says with a barely can be heard voice, "not four hundred neither..."
Miss Deere Merlin slumps into the chair by the desk, she loses all her strength.
"If you still don't tell me exactly how much you lost... I swear that I will not care for you any more..."
"I... Lost..." Mr. Ian Merlin looks at the floor, "nearly five thousand... Gold coins..."
"......"
"I'm sorry! Really! I'm really sorry!" Ian Merlin looks up at his daughter.
"I knew that we will have this one day, I just didn't think that it will come so soon... We will have to go to the street begging," miss Deere Merlin is completely mad, "Mr. baron! Have you thought of which street we will go to?"
"It's more than this..." Don't know whether he is afraid of going to beg on the street, or has the apology to his daughter, Mr. baron has the tears in his eyes, "they also saw that I hid the card..."
"......"
"I swear I didn't mean to do it! I drank too much wine."
"......"
"You must believe me! I was really not intentionally!"
"You just go to hell!" Miss Deere Merlin looks at her father with her cold eyes, stands up, and turns around to walk out of the room.
Mr. Ian Merlin drops his head down again.
With "Bang" the sound, miss Deere Merlin kicks open the door and rushes back into the room, takes away the short sword from the desk, the long knife from the bookcase and the spear from the wall... All the things that can be used to suicide easily, and then, she walks out once again.
"You'd better get back to your bed to sleep!" she stands in the doorway and says, "if you haven't died tomorrow morning, you must get up for me to prepare the breakfast!"
"I'm your father!" Ian Merlin shouts loudly, "you have to respect me!"
"Shut up!" Deere Merlin doesn't even turn her head back, "now I'm your father!"


Extra  The Dark Legend--The Big Conspiracy 2

Miss Deere Merlin walks to the hall, she throws big pile of things which are in her hands to the ground, she sits on a chair by the corner.
After she breathes out a long breath, her that little head begins to work in a very high speed. First of all, five thousand gold coins, her family definitely doesn't have that much of money, and it's not sufficient enough even she can sell all the things.
For the now can be called "father" by her that man, she has nothing to say. If suicide can let the debt to be written off, she can prepare everything for him in person, but no, that involves the family reputation. 
The family reputation, it is everyone's, among them, it also includes her mother's reputation... Her mother has nothing left in this world, she just left this good reputation in people's memories. Miss Deere Merlin can do anything not caring the family, not caring her father, or even not caring herself! But, the thing only she can't do is not caring her mother, the only one who is worth her love.
She sat straight up, wiped the tears off the corners of her eyes, and began to count all the property which they own.
"Miss," a servant walks in, "here's a letter for you."
"Thank you," she took it over, nodded her head at him and said, "please inform the others, there's something happened to our this home... We'll move house, ask everyone to be ready. Oh right. Ask everyone count all the items of the house overnight and pack them all."
"Miss..." The servant was very surprised, "the matter is so serious to this point?"
"Yes, it’s very serious." Miss Deere Merlin said, "but we still have to face it."
She opened the letter, it's written by the creditor, this called Otar bastard extends the repayment dates for ten more days, he also said repeatedly that Mr. baron was drunk at the time, he and his friends will forgive consistently his last few sets behavior. 
"Bastard!" Miss Deere Merlin scolded, "I will kill you after I pay off the last copper coin of your debt!"
But what she now needs to deal with, is all the mockeries by the people not satisfied with her and the pointing fingers of the ordinary people, she also understands that her life in Wanpu is over.
She stood up and put the letter on the desk, but then she saw a golden blond hair twined on her right hand, oh, it must be that black bandit's, she thought of that funny guy, she thought of that he didn't take any advantage from her even they were twining together, she doesn't know whether she left any fragrance of her lipstick on his hand? Miss Deere Merlin had a wry smile, and then she put the hair away.
The early morning of the day after, a news spread through the streets in Wanpu, the Ian Merlin family-- went bankruptcy! All the property of his house, including his residence, the luxuries, the furniture, his daughter's clothing store and goods, all will be auctioned in a auction company.
Deere Merlin held an annatto box in her hands, inside, it is her mother's that set of sapphire jewelry, a necklace, a pair of earrings, and also a ring... This is her mother besides love, the only thing she left to her.
"I hope that you can help me to sell a good price..." She closed the box, at the moment when she turned it over to the man in charge of the auction, her heart was broken.
Kone Cada stood at a place far away, he was just watching all of these quietly.
"Buy that box!" He said to the man next to him, "and the house, the clothing store, buy all the things that can be used."
"But boss!" Next to his side Jack said, "that is a large sum of money!"
"Buy!" Kone Cada said, "these can bring us more money back!"
"Yes!" Jack said, "but boss, the dagger in that girl's hand looks so familiar..."
"You saw it wrong!"
"It's not, boss, it looks like the one you have..."
"I told you that you saw it wrong!"
"Really? But just only you know that kind of twining way for the thread on the handle... Ah! I know, I saw it wrong, but boss, you don't need to stare at me like this!"
"Go to do your own things..." Kone Cada's fist was making some sounds.
"Then I'm going!" Jack left in a hurry, he went to arrange people to buy the things. 
Deere Merlin looked at the dagger which was in her hand, looked at the fine workmanship, touched on the silk thread of the handle, and she finally didn't put the dagger out for auction. She just didn't know, right at this moment, the host of this dagger was looking at her, and he was even more nervous than she was.
The auction is over, as her wish, all the things were sold in good price, but it's still far less to pay off the debt.
She asked the man who was in charge of the auction to transfer all the money to the creditor, she really didn't want to face this kind of disgusting people.
"Please you go to tell him, we have tried our best," miss Deere Merlin said to the man in charge of the auction, "and ask him to please give me some more time, I will not owe him a copper coin."
Deere Merlin sat in the carriage to return home, there are still many things needed to be deal with. Her father left the house this morning, he went to the villa by the seashore, that's the only place where they can take shelter of, although he has always complained that it’s very terrible over there.
Now there is a man waiting in that belong to another people house, it's the steward of Mr. Pulet.
"Miss Deere Merlin," the steward said to her, "I bring you a message, I think that you really need it now."
"Please speak."
"It's like this, this message is conveyed to you for my master," the steward cleared his throat, it looked like that he is not the first time to do the things like this, he appeared that he has kept it in the skill order, "of course, you knew who my master is, my master wants me to tell you, he will be very honorable to travel with you together, if you promise him, he will be glad to accompany by your side wherever you want to go. You can buy the house and all the necessaries in any places you like, all the spending will be paid by my master."
"Do you understand what I am talking about?" The steward said.
"Very clearly."
"So, miss Deere Merlin," the steward said, "when are you going to leave?"
Deere Merlin didn't answer him immediately, but walked to the side of the window, and looked at the street outside.
"I know that I look very down and out right now, I also admit that I'm really at a very difficult time," miss Deere Merlin held the dagger in her hand tightly, "but I would never put the price tag on myself, to put on the counter to let the people select freely."
But she knows it clearly, there is a moment she really wants to do so.
"I still thank your master, thank him that he still will like to spend the money to buy me at this time... But, I am the most grateful to myself," Deere Merlin turned her back around, "I thank for my adamancy! I thank for my belief! With these two things, your master still don't have the enough qualification to buy me!"
"Miss Deere Merlin, I don't understand what you mean," the steward said, "if you think that the condition is not good enough, I think that we still can discuss about it!"
"This is not about the money, it's your master." Deere Merlin lifted her chin up instinctively, "your master has nothing which I am worth of my feeling for, he wants to buy me, it is just that he wants to meet his own lust. His personality, is even can't be compared with a prostitute!"
After she finished this sentence, miss Deere Merlin walked up to him personally, and kicked the steward out of the door with one boot mercilessly.

Out on the sea surface, a few ships were coming to the seashore this side in fast speed, the draft mark is very deep.
Seeing the smooth return of the smuggling boats, the had been standing in the castle tower Kone Cada, this sir viceroy of the Darkness city, had his mouth capes warped up, he tapped on Feshert's chest and walked to the wharf.
"Brother!" Marf shouted at him from distance, "we're back! It’s big harvest!"
"What do we have?" Kone Cada asked with smile.
"Gourmet red wine! And all kinds of the most valuable things!" Marf was beaming, "boss, I think that we should just don't do the viceroy any more, doing this business is promising!"
Kone Cada watched his subordinates to unload the goods from the ships, load up the carriages and move out of the wharf quickly, he thought of the days of his former life once again.
"Marf, even though it looks like that we can make a lot of money from the smuggling," he held on Marf's shoulder affectionately, "but this business only can be used for emergency, always can't be put on the stage, what we need, is a really security living space."
"Ah..."
"That is to say, doing this kind of business is unstable, as if... You married a wife, but you still monkey about at the outside, it’s very dangerous!"
Marf nodded his head and smiled haha.
"Oh right, Marf," Kone Cada said, "when you go to there again next time, you also need to make clear all the things about there."
"Yes, boss!" Marf said, "I like to get the news the most... Oh, this time we should make about almost four hundred gold coins, but we just don't know what they really need over there, otherwise we should make much more than this."
Kone Cada nodded his head and said, "so, we need somebody especially to do all the business for us."
Feshert walked to us from aside, he whispered to us, "I heard that our target are trying hard to identify what the fruit trees or something these several days, and she also read some seasons or what, as if she wants to open a farm."
"Really? Then we just let her can't open it!" Kone Cada swung his fist, "tonight, go to turn her fruit garden up side down!"
"Why?" Feshert said very disgruntled, "you have already made her life miserable enough!"
"Not me! You are her creditor..." Kone Cada said, "and, to make a person be dead set on following you, you will get to strike on her once and once again repeatedly! Find out her psychological bottom line which she can withstand in the countless times strikes. I'll show up to save her at the moment when she is about to collapse, make her to have the endless grateful heart and remember me in her heart forever! So, she will know that I'm more severe than she is, I am the man who she can rely on! She will be willing to work for me... And she will be no more selling me three clothes for fifteen gold coins!"
The people around were standing further and further, everyone felt that it's cold, very cold. And at the same time, they felt they are lucky that they were not taken a fancy by this guy.
"No need to be like this?!" Feshert complained, "that somebody else was just selling you three clothes for fifteen gold coins..."
"No nonsense, my brother," Kon Cada said, "I think that you can help me to decorate the room, I will be living over here from today on, thank you!"
Feshert watched Kone Cada walking away, he said to everyone, "you hear what he just said? He said "thank you"!"
"Maybe because boss listens at the corner too much lately..." The these few days been with Kone Cada together Jack said, "you see you see, boss are going to there again..."
"Oh! Miss Deere Merlin..." Feshert said, "please forgive my sin!"
The day after, miss Deere Merlin got up early, ate her breakfast in a hurry, and then she brought her servants to the orchard.
The orchard is built up by her with the only little money she left, she planted all kinds of the rare fruits trees in the orchard. If the harvest is good this year, there will be a large sum of earning. Whether she can get back to the normal life, it'll be all depended on these trees this time!
But, the orchard was destroyed... She can tell, the destroyers are all the abnormal people, because they chopped all the fruit trees down, and then shelved them neatly, as if the lined up soldiers are waiting for the parade.
"I can't cry, I can't cry..." Miss Deere Merlin warned herself like this, "this is just an accident, I can handle all of these, until yesterday, my plan had gone well smoothly, and I have even learned how to recognize the fruit trees..."
But, the tears still flowed down, miss Deere Merlin knew that she had already had not too much money left.
"Alright!" Miss Deere Merlin turned around and asked a servant, "you tell me again what you have seen yesterday."
"Smuggling, miss!" That servant answered her, "they contacted at the seashore, I saw it with my own eyes!"
"Forget all the things what you have seen!" Miss Deere Merlin turned around and left after she finished this sentence.
The servants looked at each other in speechless despair, they don't know what their miss wants to do.
Later at the night, inside of miss Deere Merlin's room.
Miss Deere Merlin dressed up herself in a wide robe, she tied the waist belt tightly, and then she put all her hair into the cowl. 
"Smuggling, it's not that difficult to do it!" She put the black iron dagger into her bosom, "I will know how to do it if I just can watch it once."
Opened the window, and then miss Deere Merlin disappeared in the night.
"Keep silent and jump down from the window... You want to scare me to dead?" Under the window, a just almost stepped by her black dress man kept patting on his own chest, "you owe me one more time again!"
The black dress man followed behind miss Deere Merlin.
Miss Deere Merlin didn't know that there is somebody following behind her, she was walking in the bushes carefully, she was getting closer and closer to that abandoned castle which was built on the seashore.
"I must be very careful..." Miss Deere Merlin said to herself, "they take here as a stronghold, they must have some people around here."
She got to the dock slowly, she found a dark corner to hide herself up. She just didn't know, in order to let her can get into the dock "smoothly", not only the black dress man behind her jumped up and down to give out all kinds of gestures, but also the people in the castle had to pretend not "seeing" her.
When miss Deere Merlin's feet were getting tingling, the smuggling she has been looking for finally started. More than ten fully loaded carriages arrived at the wharf, the people began to load the smuggling goods onto the ships.
Miss Deere Merlin wanted to laugh, because she felt that she is still very excellent, if she were them, she will be not that stupid to go to smuggle the heavy and lack of profit items. These people seems like the bumpkins, although their moves are very professional.
It's not that easy to wait for these guys sent the ships off, the dock also put the lamps off, then miss Deere Merlin could dragged her almost completely numb legs to get down the dock slowly, she had begun to calculate in her little brain how many ships she should use in one time, which servants should go with her, what kind of goods she should bring with her, even she had already thought of how she supposed to dress up like.
Watching miss Deere Merlin humming the tunes climbed up the window, Kone Cada felt the serious crisis, he turned his head back and looked at Feshert who was by his side.
"Brother, the situation is not that well, our plan must be put advance!"
"But..."
"Not but! There's no but! We'll be finished if let her to play some tricks!"
"Alright! Then all the consequences has nothing to do with me..."
"What do you say?"
"Alright alright... I'll be on your this side..."
Two black shadows turned around and went away.
The returned to her room miss Deere Merlin didn't have the light on, but she took off the robe and got into the bed directly, then she released a small lighting magic in her bed.
In the cloudy white light of the magic lighting, she took the black iron dagger out of her arms and played it in her hands, she touched the silk thread on the handle, drew the blade out of the scabbard a little bit and then pushed it back. The game like this she has been playing for a long time, but she never felt a bit tired of it.
"Let me tell you! You this creep, clumsy bandit," she spoke to the dagger proudly, "I have found a good chance, I'll soon be aboveboard to go back to Wanpu! At that time, I will take hold your right hand, and seal your mouth, and then withstand your left hand with my head... If you dare to grasp my hair, I'll let you to regret for life!"
Thought for a long time, but she didn't think of a good way which exactly she can let him penitence for life, so miss Deere Merlin decided to go to sleep first. She took out a box from under the pillow and opened it, she wanted to put the dagger into the box, but she found out that the rolled into a ball golden blond hair is gone.
"Ah? It’s gone?" She slanted her head and thought for a bit while, "you won't run away from home, right?"
The next moment, miss Deere Merlin opened her eyes widely and took a ball of black hair out of the box.
"What's the matter with you? I just complained you a few sentences, I still don't think of a way to make you regret for life yet, you have already gotten angry and become black?" She thought of that veiled guy took away her hair ribbon before he left, "your character is same as stingy as your master's, it's really causing me headache!"
The lovely miss Deere Merlin has never thought about it at this moment, in the whole continent, there is only one person has the hair this kind of color. And this man, now is nervous to death in his own room.
Maybe because she was too tired last night, miss Deere Merlin overslept, she was awakened by the servant until it's almost noon.
"What's the weather like today?" She jumped out of the bed right away, walked on the floor barefoot, and then asked her maid, "where's my father? He is seldom this quiet."
Indeed, since they moved to live here, baron Ian Merlin has been cursing all the time every day, he used the extremely vulgar words to curse everything.
"The baron has guests today," the maid answered her, "they are talking very happily in the garden."
"Guests? Also very happy?" She shouted, "now they are still in?"
"Yes, they are still over there." The maid looked at her miss "pa" opened the chest, took out a clothes randomly and put it on, and then she took out a dagger from the box under the pillow and put it into her arms, she "pa" shut the door and walked out of the room. 
"Oh... God," The maid said, "only the God of Brightness would know what she wants to do, put that thing under her pillow..."
She knows clearest about what kind of people her father would talk happily with, thought of this, miss Deere Merlin got very angry, this ridiculous man! Just owed people a bottom of debt, he now turned around and mixed with these gamblers together again. 
Walked down the "Babble" sounded stairs, passed through the wrecked hall, passed through the corridor, and turned a round again, it will be the door to the back garden, miss Deere Merlin decided to give these people a good lesson!
When she walked to the front of the door, miss Deere Merlin saw a comely looking girl, the girl was looking at her with her curious big eyes, and she held a lovely white dog in her arms.
"Who are you?" Miss Deere Merlin asked, she felt that this girl is very familiar, "the puppy is very lovely, does it have a name?"
"How are you, I'm Lily, my young master asked me to wait over here," the girl said to her, "this is a magic beast puppy, it's the pet of my young master, it's name is Abu."
"Your young master?"
"Yes, he's in the garden." The girl said.
Miss Deere Merlin felt that this thing is very tricky, it's very wrong, she wanted to go into the garden to take a look even more so...


Extra  The Dark Legend--The Big Conspiracy 3

Miss Deere Merlin calmed herself down, she opened the door gently. Since the other party is a young master who has a maid and a magic beast, he should also be a noble or rich people something, she doesn't want to show her behavior very discourteously in front of such a man.
The door was opened, she saw her father's beaming face and the back figure of the guest at the first sight. From this angle, miss Deere Merlin just only could see the guest's the tied with silver ribbon fair and the decent clipping clothes.
"Oh! You are coming," baron Ian Merlin said loudly, "Mr. Turner, I'm so glad to introduce you to my daughter, my pride, Deere Merlin."
Each word in her father's words is full of vitality, this let miss Deere Merlin obscure very much.
She just thought whether she should squat down slightly, give a formal fair lady salute to this looks not that bad young man, but then she saw his face when this man turned around.
"It's you?" Miss Deere Merlin stood straight her body right away, "you this parvenu! What are you doing in my home?"
"It's me!" The man named Turner gnashed his teeth and said, "I come here to talk business with your father! And also, I'm not a parvenu, I'm a businessman!"
"Really?" Miss Deere Merlin didn’t have a little kindness at all, "what kind of business you can talk with my family? Don't think that you can cover the fact that you are a parvenu, even you have the good dress on!"
"What kind of business is talked by me and your father, I think that he is the leader of the family, and for this clothes..." Turner had a pat on the clothes casually, "I bought it in your store, the new store owner gave me fifty percent discount, do you like it?"
"The clothes is very good, the people is very poor! This clothes on you is really wrong to death," miss Deere Merlin said, "what kind of business?"
"Sorry, we have already finished the talking," Turner walked to the outside, he turned around at the door and spoke to the baron, "I'll be waiting for your news, you should know where you can find me."
"Goodbye! Mr. Turner. Oh right, there is some of the mud ground outside of the door out of the flatness, I hope that you don't mind about it." The baron's face is smiling like a blooming flower, if the dog tail flower also can be counted as flower.
Watching that named Turner guy disappeared in sight, miss Deere Merlin began to look at her father doubtfully. 
"What are you doing?" She asked, "what the hell is this all about?"
"Oh! My good daughter, my baby," the baron said happily, "we don't need to stay at this damn place any more!"
"Why?"
"Because just now that Mr. Turner will take care of all the debts for us! He will use a house in the Darkness city to exchange our this villa! And he will pay me extra large sum of money  well!"
"Didn't I hear it wrong?" Miss Deere Merlin asked confusedly, "besides he is a bumpkin, a parvenu, and he is a fool as well? That's a lot of money!"
"He is not that stupid, he took my most precious thing!" Mr. baron took out a letter, "you take a look! Our debt has been undertaken by him! This is the letter of the debt transfer!"
"Really?"
"Really!"
"Even though the Darkness city is not what a good place to live in, but it's still much better than here," miss Deere Merlin had the light shined in her eyes, "then what are we waiting for? Let's pack the things and get ready to set out!"
"No, my dear, it's not us, it's me," Mr. baron looked at his daughter and said, "you're not going with me."
"You, I don't go?" Miss Deere Merlin didn't understand, "what do you mean?"
"It's like this, there is an additional condition in our this business with Mr. Turner..." Mr. baron turned his head around, "he... Wants you to marry him."
"Marry him?"
"Yes."
"You won't promise him? Father?"
"Why I don't promise him?"
"You are saying... You sold me..."
"This is not a sell!" Mr. baron said in a loud voice, "this is not! This is just... Oh right! A girl should have already gotten married when they are your this age. I didn't notice this before, it's my responsibility! Now I have to take the responsibility as a father, you see, I picked a good husband for you, a very rich husband!"
"You! You, you..." Miss Deere Merlin couldn't stand stable, step by step, she backed to the wall, "I'm trying hard to make money... To pay for your debt, try my best to earn every copper coin, just in a turn, you would not hesitate to sell me to other people..."
"In your way, we will not have a good living in one hundred years! Now it's so much better like this, you will have a good husband, I will also can hunt on the wild fields in the Darkness city, make some new friends. I can even play some rounds of cards in the sunny days..."
"You are not my father, you are just an animal!"
"Whatever you may say... I have to start to write the letter, Mr. Turner is still waiting for my reply!"
"I won't promise... I will never promise to marry him!"
"I'm your father, it's recognized by the Temple of the Brightness! It will be alright if I promise."
Miss Deere Merlin got her body weakly, she slid down to the ground along the wall and passed out.
............
Kone Cada sat at the hall in the castle, he was enjoying his lunch, the whole castle has been reset and decorated by Feshert. The bedrooms, the study room, the garden, everywhere, the decorations are richly, the style is elegant.
"It‘s terrible, it’s very bad!" Jack rushed into the hall from the outside, "boss, it's not good!"
"Your boss is very good," Kone asked, "What's the matter?"
"That woman! That one who boss you went to her house this morning!" Jack had the sweats all over his head, "she is on her way to come to here!"
"What?" The viceroy Kone was shocked, "where is she now?"
"She is almost get to the door!"
"Take away these things! Take away, take away... Take away!" Kone got to the upstairs, "if she really come in, ask her to go to see me on the upstairs!"
Miss Deere Merlin rode on the only horse their family have, she dash rushed to the gate of the castle, and she was just like a soldier in the battlefield.
The passed out her woke up really soon, and then she grasped her father's collar to "ask" where this parvenu lives, after all, it's this guy who is in the smuggling! She decided to fight for her own fate one more time.
The gate was opened, she threw the rein to the doorman, didn't say a word, walked straight through the garden, and walked into the hall.
She has not been in the room like this for a long time, miss Deere Merlin didn't have time to go to appreciate the decorations in the hall, her eyes stopped at a young knight who is the only one left in the hall.
"I'm looking for somebody named Turner."
"Turner? Oh! He's in the study room," the young knight answered her, "upstairs! The first room when you turn left."
Miss Deere Merlin went upstairs immediately, and she just remembered that she should say thank you to the young knight when she walked half way on the stairs, but then she thought that she should just forget about it, now it's not the time to be polite.
With the sound "bang", she opened the door.
Turner sat at the desk, heard the noise, and raised his head.
"You should knock on the door," he turned the book in his hand absent-minded, "this is very impolite!"
"People like you also know how to say polite?" Miss Deere Merlin had already gotten her anger up, "I'm talking to you right now, put down your book and look at me! You hold your book upside down, you idiot!"
"You just tell me what you want to say," Turner threw the book out of the window, "you don't need to mind how I hold my book, upside down, downside up, put on the head, or step under the foot, this is all my business!"
"I'm coming over here," miss Deere Merlin calmed her mood down for a bit, "is to let you take back your offer to my father earlier!"
"You also know that's the proposal between your father and me," Turner said, "you didn't join in."
"But your offer has me in there!" Miss Deere Merlin paused for a moment, "it's impossible for me to stay out of it."
"I don't care about this," Turner looked at her and said, "I just care how your father replies to me."
"What do you really want?" Miss Deere Merlin said, "even you can marry me, it still can't conceal the fact that you were not born in a noble family. In fact, this do you nothing help for your sad mentality."
"That' my business," Turner stayed calm and collected, "I can tell from listening to your tone, your father is ready to promise my this deal."
Miss Deere Merlin was said to the sore spot, but she was still not going to give up her try.
"Listen to me, you can abolish this proposal, or... Not involved me in the deal?"
"No way."
"Why?"
"Why not?" He said, "or to say like this, doing so can make me feel very happy."
Miss Deere Merlin looked at Turner, she felt that she was going to go crazy.
"You... You, you!" She hit her fist on the desk, "you this parvenu! Bumpkin! Layman! Smuggler!"
Turner "foo" stood up, he also a fist hit on the desk.
"That's right! I'm a parvenu, a bumpkin, a layman and a smuggler! So what? Don't you still have to marry me? All of these you need to blame on yourself," he was furious, "when you sold three clothes to me for fifteen gold coins, you are destined to have it this way like today! So what? I will marry you! Scold you with the rude words every day! Make you to do the rough works every day, daub your face with mud every day, and molest you every day!"
"Pah! You this bear grudges villain," miss Deere Merlin didn't want to show her weakness at all, "I'm not afraid of you!"
"Not afraid? Good! You just marry me and try it!" His fist was making some sounds, "then I will scold you with the vulgar language everyday, make you do the rough works everyday, daub your face with mud everyday, and then never rape you!"
"You think that I'll fall for it?" She said proudly, "I'll go back tidy up my things and run away from home! You never expect that you can get me!"
"Really?" He said, "suit yourself, but you are responsible for all the consequences." 
"All the consequences have nothing to do with me," miss Deere Merlin walked to the door, "just suit yourself to deal with my father."
Turner didn't speak, he just brought out a big box from the desk and "pa" threw it on the desktop, the walked to the door miss Deere Merlin just only took a look, and her eyes couldn’t leave it any more. 
"Go! Just go!" Turner is just like a complete villain right now.
"How could these jewelries fell into your hands?" She looked at the sapphire necklace in the box and said.
"These jewelries are very beautiful, I spent a fortune on them!" Turner sat down, "but I don't care, if you, miss Deere Merlin would not like to marry me, I will find a few women who will be willing to wear them."
"What do you mean?"
"I have no other meanings!" Turner said, "I will go to find some of the dirty prostitutes, respectively to wear the necklace, the earrings, and the ring to welcome their customers! And then tell each customer who the original owner of these jewelries is!" 
"You!"
"This kind of thing, I surely can do it."
"I will look down on you forever," miss Deere Merlin had her eyes full of tears, "even if you can marry me."
"I didn't think about this at all," he took back the jewelries, "don't say that I cheat on you, I have already have three wives, two of them are twin sisters, and the last one is an elf with wings. You, are the forth one."
Miss Deere Merlin didn't wait for him to finish his words, she had already walked out of the room. All in her mind is her mother that set of sapphire jewelries, she knew, he really would do it like what he said, and she could never stand anything happened to damage even a little bit to her mother's reputation.
When she stepped out of the castle gate, one of her family servants walked by her side and went into the castle. The servant had a letter in his hand, miss Deere Merlin knew very clearly what is written in it.
Dropped down the tears, miss Deere Merlin brushed past the servant, and brushed past her own destiny.
The room on the second floor, Kone Cada had read the letter, he said to Jack next to him, "bring a people, to her home, let her have a bath, change the dress, and bring her back to here."
............
The wedding ceremony is very simple, doesn't even say the priest from the Temple, there are not even guests. The baron Ian Merlin didn't even say anything to her daughter, he just got on the carriage and left to the Darkness city under the protection of several knights.
Miss Deere Merlin sat in her own room, she was wearing a blue dress, wearing her mother's that set of sapphire jewelries and sitting over there dully, that girl named Lily had been in the side with her. 
The black iron dagger of course is on her side, not a moment she left it away from her side.
What a proud woman herself used to be, miss Deere Merlin thought, in her hometown, in Wanpu... Every party she left, there would be a series of broken hearts left behind, whenever she would respect anyone of them? But now, she had to be committed herself to this dirty businessman.
"Madam," Lily said to her with the smile on her face, "young master ask you to go downstairs to have dinner with him."
Alright! Even if you have already married me, I will not let you to have a good day! Miss Deere Merlin had already thought well of the countermeasure.
"Lily, how would you follow this dirty man? You were robbed by him too?" While she was setting her hair, she asked this girl. In this castle, Lily is the only one she is willing to talk to, of course, and the magic beast puppy which is named Abu in Lily's arms.
Lily thought about it for a while, and then she could understand what the "dirty man" in madam's mouth is her young master.
"It's me who wanted to follow my young master," Lily said, "young master wanted to send me to the Darkness city at first, he gave me the freedom."
"He didn't use any other ways to threaten you?" Miss Deere Merlin was very surprised, "this is not his style."
"No." Lily shook her head.
Miss Deere Merlin was confused.
"Tell me about it," she held Lily's hands, "how did you know each other?"
Abu jumped down from Lily's arms, he "flapping flapping" flew around miss Deere Merlin's face, and he finally stopped on her shoulder, the charmingly naive look made miss Deere Merlin began to laugh out.
"I was a slave, even when I was born," Lily said, "I was sold by the masters back and forth. A year ago, I was sold to a very fat master in Wanpu, I didn't know what he bought me for at that time, in fact, it's impossible for me to know as well."
"I didn't know where I was, I was cabined together with some other girls. In there, I met my only one friend, a slave is almost same as my age. We never needed to do anything, but there would be several girls brought away once in a period of time, they would never come back again."
"At first, I thought that they were just sold to some other people, but until one day, a girl was brought back... We then all knew, we were put over as the materials."
"As the materials?" Miss Deere Merlin asked, "I don't quite understand."
"The materials, as the material to make the wine set," Lily said, "with our skulls."
"My goodness!" Miss Deere Merlin said surprisedly, "I've never heard of that before..."
"This is just our fates, it was nothing originally," Lily's hands were getting cold, "finally one day, my friend and I were taken out..."
"Then what?"
"We were washed clean with water, lots of men stood with the grinning faces around us... When I was about tied to the wood platform, my master released me out..."
"Why?"
"He put a nearly transparent black crape on me, and asked me to drink wine with the guests."
"This beast!" Miss Deere Merlin scolded, "and then what?"
"Later, I held the wine pot to sit by my now young master's side..."
"That bumpkin? He must be rude to you!" Miss Deere Merlin held the dagger tightly, "this snipe hunter!"
"I thought so too at that time," Lily said, "but, he was not."
"Was not?"
"When I saw him, he was eating a chicken leg," Lily recalled her memory, "I was tearing to pour the wine for him, but he took off his cloak to cover my body, right! And he handed Abu to me to let me hold him, right, Abu?"
Abu shouted while he was nodding his head.
"And then?" Miss Deere Merlin held Abu into her arms.
"Then, my friend was made to the wine glass and was given to young master as a gift..."
"I did think it right! He is just such a person!"
"No! Young master didn't know the wine glass was made of human being, after all, it's me who told him..."
"What happened after he knew about that?"
"Young master, and young master's friend, it's that gentleman who presided over the wedding for you, killed my master... And released all of us out..."
"Murderer!"
"Maybe, young master said to me right then, he is a very good bad guy... I don't understand what it means. But young master held me in his arms, killed the subordinates of the master one by one, I saw his eyes... Very terrible eyes, but embraced by him, it's so warm... Young master put the skull back into my friend's head, and held the funeral for my friend too, I will never forget... He preyed for my friend in the funeral, that's the first time, there is somebody put us as human being to treat..."
"I'm sorry," miss Deere Merlin said sincerely, "I didn't know..."
"It's nothing," Lily wiped away the tears, "I don't know why young master will do this to you, but certainly young master is not the way as what you said."
"Let's go down," Miss Deere Merlin said, "no matter how, I also won't bow down my head to him!"


Extra:  The Dark Legend--The Big Conspiracy 4

Kone Cada sat in the table, he felt that he's scorched, he felt that he got himself a big trouble. There is no doubt that miss Deere Merlin is a very beautiful girl, especially when she's angry, her that budging big eyes, the almost perfect lips lines, the slightly pointed chin, and her white and tender skin... All of these let him couldn't keep himself under control.
"Any man can refuse to have a woman such like this? Don't even say that I'm an acquisitiveness so strong man." He said to himself, but Kone Cada were not willing to do with the rude way, he didn't want to.
Looking at the in evening dress Deere Merlin walked into the dinning room slowly and elegantly, Kone Cada's heart couldn't help jumping quickly. He knew that this is a war, or both would get hurt, or both would be satisfied and happy, and there never would be the one-side win.
He pointed at the chair next to him with his finger, to let Deere Merlin sit down by him.
Miss Deere Merlin, no, now she is Mrs. Deere Merlin, she held her skirt edge slightly with her hands, and sat down slowly.
"What's for dinner today?" Deere Merlin pretended to ask casually, she had already thought about it well, even though she is forced to marry him, but she still could use the tricks like which she used to deal with those playboys, make him to fall in love with her crazily, and then step him down under her feet mercilessly... In many times, the cold face can hurt people more than the blade does, and herself, she would definitely not let this guy to touch her even a finger.
"Fish!" Kone Cada seemed like that he didn't see her bright beautiful face, he answered her coldly, "and big shrimp."
"Big shrimp?" She thought about it for a while, and held the wine glass up to take a sip, "that one should be called prawn!"
"I like it, I just call that one big shrimp!"
Deere Merlin was almost chocked to death by the aperitif, this doesn't know repentance layman!
"Suit yourself, but you don't expect that I will follow you to call like this!" She looked up at her husband and said, the sapphire earrings swayed a bit, the light shined straightly to Kone Cada's heart.
"Eat!"
Kone Cada began to concentrate his mind to deal with the "big shrimp" in his plate with the fork and knife, this made Deere Merlin somewhat discouraged, as if he didn't put her beauty in the eyes at all.
"I must try to let him to put his attention on my body! Only do it in this way first, I can hit him hard!" Deere Merlin made up her mind secretly, she will be cruel to revenge this guy's offensive behavior to her.
At this time, a warrior brought a brochure to walk in, he is very young too, it seems like that this big group of people all are very young.
"Boss! These are the goods for our next shipment..."
"Read!" Kone Cada even didn't raised his head.
"Yes! First-class cloth fifty, first-class wines three hundred, first-class..."
Deere Merlin heard of these, she couldn't help laughing out.
"What's the funny to laugh about?" Her husband stared at her. 
"You are just going to smuggle these things?" She said arrogantly, "it's really waste the manpower..."
"I know that you also can be counted as half a businessman," Kone Cada said, "but you don't understand what the matter smuggling is, you'd better not to express your those opinions!"
"If I were you, I'll load the ship up with spices, do you know what spices are?" she said casually, "cinnamon, star anise, clove... But I think that you just don't know how big the profits these things will have."
Kone Cada "pa" slammed his palm on the dinner table, and stood up.
"You need to be clear about your present status! You are just one of my many wives!" He got close to her body, as if he is going to eat people, "and I, am your husband! You return to your room after you finish the meal, take a bath and wait for me in the bed!"
After he finished his words, Kone Cada walked out of the dinning room angrily.
"You don't even try to think about to touch me a finger!" Deere Merlin threw the napkin on the table, and also walked away.
Once Kone Cada walked out of the dinning room, he grabbed a pen from Marf's hand immediately, and he wrote something on the paper.
"Genius, she is really a genius! Cinnamon... Star anise... Clove..." He raised his head up and asked Marf, "what else did she say?"
"Ah! I didn't pay attention..." Marf shook his head.
"The next time when she have an argue with me," Kone Cada said, "you must remember all the words! These are all the money! This time the goods are all loaded with what her advice..."
............
Deere Merlin walked into the room, changed her evening dress with the fastest speed, put on a looks very solid casual clothes, tied on three waistbelts successively, and put the black iron dagger behind her back. Thought for a while, then she took down the dagger and held it in the hand.
She closed the door, put a chair by the door, so there will be some noise when he comes into the room!
Deere Merlin finally got everything ready, she sat on a chair in the corner, her eyes stared at the door, she pulled out the black iron dagger, but she just didn't know point the dagger either at him or at herself when her husband comes in.
"Well, I will just use the dagger to point at him! I will just scare him... I won't stab it out," she said, "I know there will be such a day, this guy will try to use the violence, I, I must not let him succeed!"
Abu looked at her curiously, jumped up on her laps, and kept barking.
"Good Abu, what should I do?" Deere Merlin put down the dagger, and held Abu up, "that guy will be here soon... What should I do? Why didn't I make myself a little bit uglier? God, my beauty made that guy lost his mind..."
Kone Cada stood in the watchtower of the castle, from this angle, he could see everything in his wife's room, with Abu in there, he knows everything happened in there clearly. 
"Actually, she's not that bad..." Seeing Deere Merlin held Abu up, his instinct tells him, this girl's heart maybe is not that bad...
In the morning, in Abu's barking, Deere Merlin woke up. She found herself slept a whole in the chair, her body became so stiff. Saw that she had already waken up, Abu turned his somersaults in the bed.
"Good morning, Abu..." She stood up, opened the door, wondered why it's so quiet the whole night, her that disgusting husband hadn't walked into her room, this even made the ready to battle herself to have a bit pity.
"This must be his trick! Let me relax my vigilance, I must not be slack down!" She told herself, then changed her clothes and walked down the stairs.
"Good morning, madam!" Lily said to her.
"Good morning," Deere Merlin said to Lily with the smile on her face, "where's that annoying guy?"
"Ah, you mean young master, he has guests, he is in the garden!"
Guest? This guy still would have friends? Deere Merlin decided to go to see what kind of people they are.
Walked through the hall, she came to the filled with fresh air garden, she saw that Kone Cada was hooking arms and patting shoulders to talk with a guy, she could read from that guest's mouth, he's been saying "yes yes yes".
"Alright, just this much, you just go ahead!" When she walked closer, she heard what her husband said so, this is not like a guest? This exactly like talking to the subordinate!
"How are you, madam!" When the guest walked by her side, he stood straight up to say hello to her, the very standard military action.
"How are you." Deere Merlin returned the salute, although she didn't know who he was, but she still didn't want to lose the manner in front of other people.
Watched the guests disappeared in the gate, Deere Merlin turned her back around and looked at her husband, she asked curiously, "who is he? Why are there so many soldiers accompanying with him?"
"Strange?" Her husband looked at her and said, "he is the new castellan of the Wanpu city, his name is Kolter, he used to be the aide of the viceroy of the Darkness city."
"Since when Wanpu has a castellan?"
"Yesterday."
"The castellan comes to meet you the day after he took up his official post?"
"You're not convinced? He and I are not just friends, and we still have some business to do together..."
"I understand now! He do the castellan, you do the smuggling... No wonder you have such a great courage!" She felt that her husband still is not that stupid for the first time.
"Not only the smuggling, I still have the brothels, and the stores," her husband said, "as long as it can make money, I will do it."
"What do you need so much money for?" She asked confused, "the money made from smuggling is not enough?"
"Not enough, because I always don't have enough money to spend..." Her husband said, "I have a lot of things to spend the money on."
"That's right, you would even pay fifteen gold coins for three clothes."
"Hey hey..." Her husband smiled and said, "you think that you earned that? Forget about it, I have a good mood this morning, I don't want to argue with you."
Looking at her husband walked into the hall with a smile on his face, Deere Merlin felt suffocated, this is the first time he refused to argue with her, well, no argument will be no argument, she blinked her eyes, her whole people became innocent and was full of vitality in no time, and she started to walk to the hall.
"I don't believe that you will be not touched!" she thought like this, in fact it's such like this indeed. Almost all the men can't get away from her this pair of eyes, they are even willing to break away from their beliefs, just to ask her to take a look at them once again.
When she just entered the hall, Lily was holding a pot of wilted leaves plant and ran by her side in a rush.
"Young master! You take a look, what's happening to this pot of flower?" Lily put the flower on the desk by Kone Cada's side, she said eagerly, "the flower is just like this when I got to the garden today."
"This pot of flower is not good any more, just throw it away." Kone Cada took a look at the flower in front of him.
"Young master! Please you save it!" Lily said eagerly, "this is Lily's favorite."
Kone Cada stroked on Lily's head and had a smile on his face.
"Well," He said, "let me give it a try!"
Kone Cada lowered his head, his facial expression is focused, he put his right hand on the top of the pot of flower slowly... No chanting, the pale white light bands fell down from his palm, the light bands are getting more and more, they finally became a little light ball to cover the whole flower.
Slowly, a leaf of the flower recovered from the wilted condition, the leaf straightened up, becoming green slowly. And then, it's another leaf... When all the leaves became lively, there was a small flower bud on the top of a flower stalk. Suddenly, a drop of water fell on the flower bud, a beautiful tri-color flower was blooming slowly, there was a light aroma began to send out in the whole house... That drop of water, it's the sweat which dropped down from Kone's forehead.
"It's fine now!" Kone Cada smiled somewhat sweaty, he looked up at Lily and said, "you can take it away now!"
"Crazy!" Deere Merlin turned around and walked out of there, she didn't want her husband to find out that she was watching by the side, "to cure the flower with the healing magic, got tired with the full head of sweats! Just don't use it if you don't know how to use it! Why try to pretend as a sorcerer..."
But, the eyes with tears Deere Merlin knows, she would never forget, in a bright sunny morning, a half-empty sorcerer tried his best to cure a tri-color flower, just for a little girl having a smile. The bright sunlight projected onto him through the french window, it let the sweats on his forehead appeared so glittering and translucent. In that moment, his face was flickering with brilliance, the slight smile is so sincerely to make herself feel that he's not that disgusting, she even has enjoyed watching that disgusting smile on the corners of his mouth...
Deere Merlin walked onto the small dock, she wanted to let her own mind clearer a bit. This feeling is so strange, she should hate him clearly, but why would she be attracted by him in that moment? She thought about this carefully, whether let herself continue to hate him.
From far away, come the smuggling carriage, tens of the cars lined up against the dock, this man! He really has not the average level greed for money.
Deere Merlin watched the young warrior named Jack commanding his subordinates to load the goods onto the ships, a special smell of the dry clove began to diffuse in the dock... Wait a minute, clove?
"This cunning guy!" She found the excuse to let herself continue to hate him, "even plagiarize my idea!"
"Who are you talking about?" Her husband had already walked to behind Deere Merlin, but she still didn't find out.
"Talking about you!" She said angrily, "I just said the spices can be smuggled yesterday, you have already started it today, your action is really quick!"
"Of course, since it can make money, why do I tread as on eggs?" Her husband answered her in solemnity unexpectedly, he didn't have any meaning for apology or thank.
"Don't you feel that it's not right?" She asked angrily.
"What's wrong with it?" Her husband said with a flat tone, "you are my wife, your idea is just my idea."
"My idea is just your idea? You say it so relaxedly!" She said, "then what about your own idea?"
"My own idea?" Her husband had a smile, "of course it is still mine."
"You... Rascal! Robber!" Deere Merlin got really mad, "I want to have a duel with you!"
"Are you sure?" 
Deere Merlin spoke no more to him, she just turned around and dragged out a narrow sword from a warrior's waist, and she laid out her posture to her husband. And her husband, Kone Cada, just had been smiling to watch her doing all of this.
"Well, I'll just play with you," he said, "three times will be fine."
Deere Merlin stabbed her sword out, the as quick as the lightning blade went toward her husband's arm, she had this for sure, she could puncture his clothes through to make a fool of him and not to hurt him. 
The smile on her husband's face had never changed, it seemed like that he had already seen through her heart, and his hand had already caught the blade of the sword.
"One time." Her husband let go of his hand, she then saw his hands wearing a pair of gloves which he put on don't know since when.  
She breathed out a breath evenly, Deere Merlin told herself no need to be tense, a little consideration later, she used her most proud fighting skill... The Five Successive Punctures. The narrow sword drew the ice-white blade lights in the sky, crisscross twined to her husband.
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding!" Her husband's hands kept waving, all five attacks were all stopped by him!
"Two times," her husband said, "you still have one more chance."
Deere Merlin didn't speak anything, when she had the competition with people before, no one could catch her five successive punctures, even the other party could block her punctures, they would also not dare to not pretend to lose to her. Her husband's seriousness let her felt losing face very much, she had her eyes stared, she stabbed out one puncture again, no, it's one sword after one sword to stab out, Deere Merlin had already forgotten the agreement of three times.
"It has been more than three times!" Her husband's tone got heavier, but she didn't care about it at all!
But, her husband's hand once again caught her sword in the sword lights, and another hand grabbed her collar.
"You are excessive," her husband said, "it's over to here!"
"No!" The stubborn Deere Merlin said, "you this rascal, I'll beat you down!"
"You still don't understand?!" The light is flashing in his eyes, "you can't never beat me down, you don't even think about it on anything, why wouldn't you ever try to respect me?"
"That's because you never respected me!"
"I never respected you?" He got mad, dragged her body up, "this is what you looking for!"
Kone Cada lifted her up high, just like lifting a bag of dry clove, walked to the dock, and then threw her into the sea without any mercy...
"You need to calm down," he squatted down on the dock, looked at her from the high position, "think about it, in this castle, by my side, who is the most special? Who can follow her own inclinations to do anything? I don't respect you? If changed for some other noble lover boy, they would have you bundled up three times a day with molestation long time ago!"
"I'm not listen, I'm not listen!" Deere Merlin cried out loudly, "I hate you!"
"Really? If it's like this, without love... To have the hate is not bad neither." Her husband stood up, turned around and walked away.
Deere Merlin returned to her room, she changed her clothes in Lily's help, and then she began sitting on the bed in a daze.
"You don't need to get mad..." Lily comforted her and said, "you just take it as if you order young master to throw you into the sea." 
"No! He actually did it in front of so many people..." Deere Merlin set her mouth and said, "I must revenge him this!"
"You two just don't do it like this," Lily held her hands and said, "actually young master said it right, why don't you try to get along well?"
"Can we?" Deere Merlin had her eyes filled with tears and said, "we are just two people from two different worlds indeed!"
"If you just want to live together with a same people like yourself and get married," Lily looked at her and said, "then what's the difference from not getting married?"
"Do you still not understand? Lily," she mumbled, "I was bought back by him... Why did he buy me back? Every time I think about this, I would... I would..."
Lily slowly held on Deere Merlin's shoulder.
"I'm just a little girl, I'm just a maid... I'm even not bought back by young master," Lily said, "but I know, young master treats me very well, I live very happy... Why do madam you care about how you and young master get together? Do you really don't know that young master actually respect you very much? The last two days, young master slept with his friends together and not came to bother you. You are the only one in the castle can quarrel with young master and won't get punished..."
"That's because he doesn't dare!" Deere Merlin said hatefully.
"You're wrong, madam..." Lily said, "you haven't seen young master losing his temper, but I have seen."
"Maybe..."
"Madam, can I give you a suggestion?"
"Of course, Lily," Deere Merlin held Lily's hands, "we are friends."
"You can try to forget the things what happened with young master before, from today on, you can try to feel young master's heart... You will find that you actually like to stay with young master together... Young master maybe is not a perfect man, but young master is definitely a sincere man, his heart... Is very sincerely."
"You really think so?" Deere Merlin asked with doubt.
"Yes, I'm pretty sure."
"Then, well, I can give it a try..."
Day by day passed, Deere Merlin lives every day in the big and small arguments with her husband, sometimes she won, sometimes her husband won. If they don't fight, she would brought Abu to go to play at the seaside with Lily together, as long as it's not too excessive, her husband never stop anything what she wants to do, he will only just take a glance at her time to time from far away. Deere Merlin enjoyed the freedom which she had never had before, as if she returned to her childhood, she lived the days happy and contented. Before she knows it, Deere Merlin had been to the castle for seven days.
This morning, Deere Merlin was sitting in front of the mirror to comb her bright red hair, and was thinking about what she supposed to argue with her husband today. In these many days, argument has become her habit, but both sides were very restraint in the arguments, never involved in each other's family, friends, and relatives.
"Literally to find some wrongs in the breakfast," she thought so, "right, from this to start, make him get mad for a bit! And then tell him some smuggling directories, then he will be happy to dead."
Just at this time, the door of her room was "bang" opened by somebody pushing hard.
Deere Merlin turned around and looked over, the coming in people is her husband! It's almost the conditioned reflex, she grabbed the dagger which she never left away from her side, because her husband never came to her room at night, now she even was disinclined to lock the door.
"Why do I get so careless!" She was very upset, "he won't come in at night doesn't mean that he won't come in in the morning..."
"What do you want to do?" She stood up, "you even didn't knock the door, get out."
Her husband ignored her protest, walked to come over to her.
"Don't come over here," she said," "I... I have a weapon!"
"Put down you weapon," her husband said to her, "I have something to say to you."
"You listen up, I just speak once," her husband looked very seriously, "I have an emergency, I need to go out for a few days, I don't know how the thing will develop, but I will come back as soon as possible."
Deere Merlin never saw her husband was so serious, she nodded her head involuntarily.
"If I don't come back in a few days," her husband took out a big bunch of documents from the pocket and handed them to her, "you go to Wanpu to take over all of my business immediately, including the smuggling. Whatever you want to do, there will be some people to help you. Every half month, the Wanpu castellan will ask you for money, you give him no matter how much he ask for, do you remember?"
"I give him no matter how much he ask for!" Don't know why, she has been standing to a wife's position unselfconsciously.
"I'll leave a few escorts for you," her husband said, "Anything you don't know, you can ask Jack, I also leave him over here."
After he finished this sentence, her husband strode out of the room.
"And," her husband stopped at the doorway, "if you are going out, you must be careful for yourself... When I'm not in, you also don't be too willful."
Watching him go down the stairs, Deere Merlin couldn't help having a panic in the heart. She knew, her husband must be in trouble... There have already had some noise waves coming from the dock there, she pulled Lily to go to the watchtower of the castle together, she looked over to the dock there.
There was a big ship parked in the dock, her husband was speaking with several people, those who called her husband childe subordinates were running out of the castle one by one, they stood in rows neatly on the dock, wearing all kinds of different styles armors, without exception, all were carrying the weapons.
At he moment when her husband was boarding the ship, Deere Merlin saw that he took a look at the castle this side. Then she understood, in her husband's heart, she is not what she thought that she has no status. Looking at the documents which were in her hands, the clothing store which she had put into countless efforts, also the title deed of her house in Wanpu are all inside... She felt that her heart had a sore, and she almost dropped the tears down.
"You also have to be careful for yourself," she waved at the big ship which was beginning to rise the sails, "my, bumpkin..." 

(To be continued)









