Quest： Book  3
By Yufeng Zhuang
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 by Yufeng Zhuang
             

1

The tearful Kelly was dragged away by Feline, after restore the calm, it's obviously that my father and my two elder brothers looked at me with blame. This made me feel a bit nervous and guilty.
"Let's continue our conversation," after a while, my father broke the depressing atmosphere first, "Kone, have you figure out a way yet?"
"It's not that easy to fill the gap of hundreds of thousand of fund." my eldest brother kept on saying, "that's a lot of money!"
"Can the towns that Kone is building around the Darkness city relieve some burdens?" my elder brother said, "why this is so difficult?"
"Those small towns are mainly offering foods for the construction sites," I lowered my head and said, "even they can be built in half a year, and the agricultural products yield two crops a year with the growth circle in the Darkness city, it still needs the second year to provide a certain scale of foods. It even can't have any accidents in this period."
"Then do we still have other ways?" my eldest brother asked, "like letting the dwarves to expand the sales of weapons, in addition, can we also sell the rare minerals of the Dark Forest?”
"Because we need to set up the army in the Darkness city, so the dwarves artisans are not enough." for discussing the proper business, my mood was gradually improving, my thought is gradually clear, I began to explain the details for everyone, "I have the ore samples that auntie spirit sent to here. They can be divided into two kinds, the real good stuffs! They can be used in both military and civil life. No matter what, we can't let such stuffs to fall in the hands of strangers!"
"Then what shall we do?" my elder brother said with worry.
"I'm going to go back there immediately after the wedding," I roughly thought for a moment, because I was interrupted the thinking by Kelly not long ago, now all the things I said are which I just thought of. "We need to have reasonable distributions and trainings for the artisans, we need to do our best to let them have the highest operation efficiencies. In order to shorten the construction period, to reduce the cost input. On the other hand, I want to gather the weapon artisans of the dwarves, let them to provide the weapons in a new model, in a short term to have enough equipments to provide the army. If it’s successful, we can sell the extra weapons to reduce some of the burdens."
"In the short term?” my father had a smile unexpectedly and asked me, "how can you do that?"
"When the dwarves made the weapons for us, I found out that they have a big problem." I stood up and took off the etiquette sword to explain to everyone.*1 "Please take a look at this sword, just from the view as a sword, it’s very perfect, there's almost no any defects. This means that nobody can match the manufacturing ability and the understanding of weapons that the dwarves have in metal items! But the excessive pursuit for the perfection makes them spend too much time in a weapon. it costs great waste in human powers, it virtually also increase the costs. It takes three people to spend ten days or more to just finish to make a sword like this! And on the battlefield, the consumption of the weapons is very huge. Obviously, this production way can't meet our needs."
"I see what you mean in general," my father stood up and crossed the steps, "but to shorten the production time will inevitably affect the quality of the weapons. If it's like that, what's the difference between the weapons made by the dwarves and the normal artisans?"
"Of course we are not just simply to shorten the time!" I pull the sword out with my hand and put it evenly on the table, I speak to everyone, "it takes dozens of procedures to make a sword like this, the main procedures include material, smelting, purification, forge... And it's finished by several people working together, even the scabbard is the same."
"It should be like this," my eldest brother said, "what's the strange about that?"
"If it's like this, the whole process must be hosted by an outstanding people. But there are how many good artisans there?" I said, "he must be good at all the processes and the technologies! This can't be achieved through hard working by the average people, this must need the amazing talent! The consequence is, the whole dwarves just have a cast sword master for now! Of course the swords that he handles are all high quality goods, but there are not that many of them. The swords others made are not as good in quality, and they drag a lot behind in time."
“The model you said will change all of these problems?" my father asked me.
"Yes, that’s for sure!" I answered affirmatively, "first we select the people who are very good at one certain main process, not the comprehensive ones, as long as he is specialization! He is only responsible for one process, and he doesn't need to care for the rest. These include the design, the material... Etc. The users of the weapon put forward the requirements of the weapons in terms, and they will be designed by the people who are good at designing. Then the manager… that's the people like the master, puts the order and standards to all the procedures based on the design. Started from the most beginning of the materials, all the people operate in strict accordance with the instruction of the manager. According to the requirements of the standard, select the ores, send to melting, and then send to purification and then the forge... Till the final completion of the weapon. The weapon just like the water runs through every single procedure. Every artisan that it runs into is like a master, so there's no problem in quality."
"And what's the benefit for this?" my elder brother Sefta held his head and asked, "it takes dozens of people to make a sword like working your this way!"
"Really?" I was made laugh by my elder brother.
"It's really a good way!" my father smacked on the table, "let the artisans specialize in one procedure and centralize the production. It will increase the quantity but not lower the quality, and it can also have the quick training. It's a good idea!"
"If it's like this," my eldest brother said in knowing, "the quantities not only can match your needs, but also can be sold in large!"
"Yes! That's right!" I said, "we can make a lot of money!"
"Hey hey!" my elder hadn't come to understand yet, "what's the benefit?"
"Sefta, you think about this," my father smiled at my elder brother and said, "why Kone said that it is like a water flowing through dozens of artisans' hands..."
"I understand now!" my elder jumped up, he said with a loud voice, "Continuously! Everyone keeps working!"
"That's right," I laughed too, "this is called the assembly line production!"
"Since when your brain becomes so useful!" my elder brother knuckled on my head with his finger, "think one more way, that will solve all the problems for the rest of money!"
"Stop..." I covered my head and said, "it hurts!"
"Yes," my father stooped my elder brother, "what else can we do to get the rest of the money?"
"I have already thought of all the ways we can do," I shook my head helplessly, "I can't think of another way..."
"Really? I think what about like this," my father said, "you can go to the Wanpu city to take a look."
"Papa, I also thought about that business city," I said, "but there's only enough money over there for Wanpu to consummate its own imbalance development."
"You still can go there to take a look, perhaps you can solve the problem with your intelligence!" my father smile and said, "and that's all!"
"Alright..." it seems that it's only can be like this, I couldn't help but nodded my head.
"Lef, Sefta!" my father spoke to my two brothers, "make sure your people arrive as soon as possible."
"No problem!"
"We'll do it once we get back to there!"
"Kone! My people here will go to your place with you together," my father said to me again, "I think it is necessary to fix the road from the Darkness to the Dark Moon, I'll do this thing, I will come to take your place to command at the construction sites after you leave for Wanpu."
"Papa's in," I was glad and said, "of course it's not a problem!"
"Then..." my father took a look at everyone, "if there is no other thing, let's just stop here."
Everybody nodded his head, it meant that there were no other things.
"About the attitude which you had to Kelly just now..." my father looked at me and said, "I'm not satisfied, don't you want to explain it to me?"
"I... That... I," I had no words to say, I just thought how to make it passed, my two brothers were waiting for my answer.
"She will be your wife soon, I hope that you can give her enough respect in the future in any situation." my father said to me earnestly, "of course, it takes the effort of both sides for the harmony of the relationship between husband and wife. But I still hope that you can do it a bit better."
"I know! I'm going to apologize to her!" I escaped to come out like flying, I pretended that I didn't hear my father's words which was asking me to stop.
............
Outside of Kelly room, Feline and Wensly were banging on the door anxiously and calling Kelly's name. Seeing I walked over to there, both of them stopped, Wensly looked at me with somewhat a bit angry, Feline shook her head to me helplessly.
"How's everything?" I asked.
"She locked herself in there and is crying!" Feline answered me.
"It's all your fault! We don't care it any more, you help yourself." Wensly pulled Feline and left, “if Kelly can't forgive you, you will not have any bride tomorrow!"
"Hey!" not until I said anything, they two people had already run far away giggling... It can't be, they formed me the military alliance this quickly? "Kelly, open the door," for the happiness of my future life, I started knocking at the door, "it's me!"
"Who are you?! I don't know you!" I know that Kelly still had the surplus anger, with the sound "Pa", I didn't know what thing was thrown at the door.
"I'm Kone," I said, "Kone Cada, your fiancé."
"Are not! Not,  Not!" another thing was classed as "waste" with the sound "pa".
"Alright," I continued to knock at the door, "let me in."
"No! No No No!" this miss's temper can be really amazing, "I'm not opening the door!"
In the upcoming time, no matter how I explained, Kelly was not in concession, she even answered me with the "Pa Pa" sounds at the end. 
I don't know how others solve the problem like this in this kind of situation. Anyway, I carefully calculated what was left in Kelly 's room, I compared the value of all the goods that can make a "Pa" sound with the door, and then I gave the door a kick and got it opened.
"You!" the tearful Kelly would not think of me getting into the room with this way, she was half lying on the bed and couldn't find a word to say momentarily, "get out!"
"You're kidding!" I walked to the bed and sat down, "If I walk out now, doesn't it mean that the kick is wasted?"
"......"
"My dear wife," I looked at Kelly, I began to use my magic weapon, "you take a look at my foot, it's still all in red."
"Who cares?" Kelly didn't have a good temper, "I'm still not your wife yet.”
"Yes, yes yes yes." I said with grinning cheekily, "I know you miss your young girl's mood! Some say that the marry-to-be girls are the most beautiful, that's really right.”
Kelly was not arguing with me, she turned her head around to ignore me.
"Kelly, today it's my fault." I whispered to her, "I'm sorry."
Seeing Kelly's shoulders began to twitch slightly again, I know that my words were getting good effect, I called "games" in my heart!
"Forgive me," I said, "I have the great sincerity."
"No!" although Kelly was refusing, but her tune had been much more moderate.
"Then how should I do to make you forgive me?" I asked her.
"Will not forgive..." Kelly was turning her head to talk to me, she was made laughing by the face that I made.
"You're sick!" Kelly could never have the look of anger again, "you're still like this even you're apologizing to me. Now you're not a child but a viceroy!"
"What's wrong with this?" I said, "Who ask you to be Kelly! As long as you're happy, it's also nothing that I play dress-up like this!"
"You talked to me like that just now," Kelly said, "now you change like this that fast."
"Am I coming to give you an apology?" I  smiled and said, "forgive me?"
"I was running to there to play a joke with you." Kelly beat me on the shoulder slightly with her small fists, "as long as you would say a few good words, my sister and I will tell you that we don't have any objection to this thing..."
"It's my fault," after I heard Kelly's words, I can't help to have the deep sorry to Kelly, "forgive me!"
"If you do the thing like this again in the future..." Kelly looked at me and said, "I'll never forgive you!"
"Just like what I said! Kelly will surely forgive Kone!" before I could answer her anything, Feline and Wensly walked in from outside of the door hand in hand, "well, well, Kone, you get out! We still have to prepare the things for tomorrow!"
(Note 1: Because he is in the dress, so Kone carries the etiquette sword, not his that knife.)


2

In the evening, as Your Majesty's envoy, Feshert arrived with the decree, it's bustling with noise and excitement! When he found me in the back garden of the viceroy mansion, I was staring blankly at the trees over my head in the mercury moonlight.
"What's wrong with you?" Feshert walked in stagger and sat next to me, he said with a big tongue, "the luckiest guy is staring... Blankly?"
"If you are not good at drinking, then don't drink that much," although I also preferred to have a few drinks in my former life, but I hate drunk guys very much, "take a look at your appearance!"
"Ah! Well, I am happy. It's not that easy... for me... to get rid of the Saint Capital... that whelming place!" Feshert half-opened his eyes and said, "then what are you thinking over here?"
"I! Am thinking..." I began to lower my head to play the grass on the ground, "about my wedding..."
"That's right!" Feshert said, "three beautiful wives... I ! Envy you very much."
"You know, today I also had a quarrel with Kelly, even though we've often quarrelled before... But this time it's a little bit different." I ignored Feshert's mischief, "I even don't know whether I have the psychological preparation to live with these three girls together."
"How should I comprehend these words?" Feshert shook his head and said, "ha! Even the big name ‘rascal viceroy’ also fear to get married?"
"If it has some problems happened to me here, it's likely to hurt them too," I continued to say, "they are not just my wives, they are even my friends as well! I don't want any one of them to get hurt. Do you understand?"
"Hmm... It seems that it's reasonable to say like this, it has some differences between friends and wife." Feshert said, "but I can't give you any helps on this issue. You cheer for yourself!"
I watched Feshert left singing loudly with the bodyguards' support, I wondered in my heart whether he still will remember tomorrow what he said with me tonight over here. But I thought again in an instant, in fact, the life is not like this? Occasionally you will forget the past, but you also know nothing about tomorrow...
I don't want to think about these! I stood up, yesterday had already been in the past, tomorrow is still not yet to come. No matter what, at least I had been enjoying the cool breeze and the charming moonlight tonight? ... Oh yes, and the friendship with that wine smell, even though the smell of that wine was not that great... What's the past get to do with me? what's the relation for what happens tomorrow and the now me? As long as I was trying to do my best now, it's the best that I make, there's no need to worry about anything.
"I will take good care of them, I will try my best to make them happy... That's enough like this, right? After all, I'm just a human being too..."
After I got through this point, having a slightly sweet grass root in my mouth, I "flied" satisfied all the way back to my room.
............
When the first sunshine projected in my window in the morning, the whole viceroy mansion rose lively immediately. All the people changed into the new clothes, they were doing their parts of works with auspicious faces. At the main entrance, the guards reported loudly the names of the coming guests. The servants held the silver trays and walked in small steps to present the guests with all kinds of fruits and drinks...
With the helps of several maids who took care of me since the childhood, I began wearing up the new dress which is more loaded down with trivial details than the noble ceremony clothes at the normal time.
Although it's trouble, I was still full of novelty sense. The dress of the general civilians in the wedding can be side by side with the dress of the noble in usual. This is the chance for them once-in-lifetime closed to the noble in dress. Of course, he or she must have the money to do it.
Now that civilians are even so, one can imagine how luxury the wedding dress of the noble will be. Not to mention the host of the dress today is a viceroy, and he has the Royal army major identity...*1
A maid took the upper outer garment from the silver plate, she opened it in front of my eyes careful... The pure white cloth with silver thread, wide shoulder pads, straight collar, the knife-cut lines don't lose the softness in the skillful workman's sewing... On the left chest, it's a noble symbol that represents the Cada family, that is a flying high eagle. Now, there's a pattern composed of two crossing golden two-hand swords below the eagle, that represents my army post. The background is made of olive branches behind the whole sign, that means the host of this dress is also a civilian viceroy.
Underwear, coat, sash, full with gem-studded etiquette sword...*2  I kept saying the exclamation in my mouth, but I thought in my mind, if I sell the whole set of this dress, I can certainly build five more miles long the city wall for the Darkness city.
"Your Son," the maid said, "we can start now, otherwise we will be late to snub the guest."
"Alright." I nodded my head.
 It cost a long time for me to dress up, I stood in front of the huge mirror and looked at myself carefully... Besides the little weird hair and the eyes, the rest... Are very normal.
To tell the truth, no matter in the former life or the present life, my look can't counted as handsome or smart, at most I will look firm and persistent. I was some sad for this on the study stage in the former life. But when I got a little older, got into the army, and got into the society... I just knew that the look is not the all of a man. As long as I have the ability and the strength, naturally, I can have anything I want to have. Of course, my own life is another matter.
"What are you looking at? Be captivated by yourself?" the maid behind me used a wood comb gently to comb my long hair carefully, and she's joking on me.
 Perhaps it's the tradition! Since the childhood, I was regardless of the hierarchical relationship between the house servants and the master. I even never took myself as a what noble, I would call "sister, brother, auntie, uncle" whoever the servants I meet. The direct result is that all the servants in the mansion like me very much, the negative effect is that half of the jokes in the mansion are all about me.
"I comb for our Son since the childhood... Today will be the last time I do it for you"*3  The maid tightened a silver ribbon on my hair after she finished the combing, that made the whole dress style more harmonious, "that's it!"
"Please wait a minute in the room!" another maid smiled and said to me, "let's go take a look how the brides are ready for you."
I spoke nothing but nodded my head, it seemed that it's somewhat messy and somewhat random in my heart.
"Come out quickly!" Feshert knocked on the door loudly, "we need to get there first!"
My heart beat so fast, I walked to the front of the mirror and said to myself, "Hey! Brother, cheer up! You're getting married today!"
With Feshert by my side, I came to the newly decorated lobby, I began to welcome the oncoming congratulation guests under my father's care, holding hands and saying some insignificant words. The hall was rebuilt for my this wedding, it's much bigger than before. They also built a stage with a whole white marble at the very end, they placed flowers around it. In front of the ceremony stage, there are rows of chairs covered with velvet fabrics.
"Viceroy Vassel Cada," the priest from the Saint Capital Temple spoke to my father, "it's about the time, let's get it start."
"Alright," my father answer with a smile, "everything will be on you now!"
The priest in the white rope walked to the side of the ceremony stage, first he had a light cough to draw all the attentions, and then he raised his both hands to motion the full hall people quiet down.
"Everybody!" he said, "as the special envoy from the Temple to host the wedding for Kone Cada, I announce, viceroy Kone Cada's wedding, now begins!"
The people in the hall burst out the applauses, and then they sat down with the identity from the front to the back. Only I stood in front of the stage with my father and Feshert by the side.
"Please the brides come into the auditorium." after saying these words, the priest gave a nod at the band conductor who was standing by the door, that guy gestured his hands, the band started to play, more than ten chanting girls from the Temple chanting class began to sing the opera-like song.
I listen to it carefully, unexpectedly it's praising the Deity! This is too... This is my wedding! What's the matter to deal with the Deity? If I remember correctly, yesterday when I quarreled with Kelly, the Deity didn't give me any help.
"Like a sick distant relative," I complained murmuring, "trouble is good, but no one will be in!"
It's heard by the priest, he looked at me with the strange eyes. My father whispered to him immediately, "our Kone is still a child, he is a bit nervous to the wedding."
The priest smiled with understanding, and turned his eyes back to the main entrance.
I can't help to side my body slightly, and also looked at the door there.
Oh, three brides in white dress were walking in arm in arm with the red nose grandpa and auntie spirit slowly, they're just like three shining pearls to make a shine in my eyes, the first time I felt that the expensive dress is really a good thing.
Although three dress styles are very much the same, but they perfectly set off everyone's different temperaments, Feline's dignified, Kelly's bright beautiful, Wensly's light elegant...
They smiled and walked closer to the stage, even they didn't take a look at me, but they made my heart jumped faster for a while! I was reluctant to turn my head back, my throat move up and down once, my anxious heart was filled full with a kind of happy feeling immediately.
The three brides stood in a row with me, we all listened to the priest to read the bless of the Temple. Because of the reason that I felt better, I didn't think this complicated process boring now, and I was very cooperated. Until the priest shook the silver bell in his hand, he announced that we officially became the recognized husband and wives.
Big feast! From the noon until the evening.
The viceroy mansion, it's thoroughly boiling...
I was very committed into my role as the groom, I took turn to toast to every guest. And as the best man, Feshert took a wine bottle in his hand, he followed behind me cheerfully. Each time we walked to the front of a guest, he would take a step first to brim the red wine for him, and pour me a glass of the fruit juice that look exactly the same as the red wine, then he urged us to drink it down. Listened to this person's instruction and then to the next one... I was really just like a puppet.
Finally, it's time to finish the banquet. It's not bad that they didn't have the habit here that teasing the bride and the groom on the wedding night, I stood at the door to see the quests out with the sore waist and pain legs.
"Somebody wants me to escort you to the bridal chamber," Feshert caught my hand and said, "mostly it's afraid of you for stage fright and faint!"
"You!" I felt angry and funny in my heart, as the prince, Feshert even could be silliness. As for the problem of "stage fright"... Had any young gang member preserved his moral integrity? Even it's in the former experience, but I also should not forget?
Wife, it's wife... That is what I had never owned one in my former life. We have the feelings since the childhood, and experienced the test of setbacks, it sure is not the same! It makes me full of expectations...
Not letting me to have a bee in my head, Feshert began to knock on the door heavily, "everyone, the suspect is here!
Well, wait a minute, what... Suspect?

(Note1: The noble just has an army post, but the specific position is not distributed, so the major is a deficiency title.)
(Note2: The etiquette sword in the noble wedding is granted by the emperor.)
(Note3: After the wedding, waiting on husband's daily wash and dress is the wife's responsibility.)


3

The door of the bridal chamber was opened from inside, Feshert pushed me to go in.
"Am I taking the wrong room or..." I didn't get it to asked, because I saw several people in the room, my father and mother, my two brothers, my three brides, and even the red nose grandpa, they all sat around the big round table in the room.
"You are in the right place," Feshert answered me and then said to my father, "I have already brought the suspect here!"
"Please sit down, Your highness." my father looked very serious, he pointed to the two remaining seats, "Kone, you sit down here too."
Feeling the not so relaxed atmosphere, I sat down well-behaved, I wondered very much why these outsiders were there. Tonight is not my wedding night? I took a look at the three brides, I hope that I could get some hints from their faces, but they all lowered their heads without exception.
"Kone, after the ceremony today, you are no longer a child." my father said to me first, "you must have assumed the obligations and responsibilities for your family and relatives."
"Yes," I replied, but why talk about this with me now? To do it tomorrow is not the same?
"That's good. It seems that you understand." my father kept the talking, "I have some questions, I hope that you can answer me honestly."
"Ah?" I don't get it more so, what? It's a meeting again?
"I believe that all of us have noticed," my father looked around at everyone in the room, "since the last time that Kone got injured in the Saint Capital, he changed a lot, rude behavior, irritable temper, cunning character... The ideas he had are even more strange than he had as a child, and all the thinking ways that we can't understand. Of course, this gave us a lot of helps. But , sometimes Kone changed to make me even can't recognize him, this makes me very surprised. At first I thought that this is caused by the change of the environment, but after my investigation and observation, the reason that makes Kone change is not caused by this. Anyone has something can't understand about Kone?"
My heart had a quick jump, it seemed like that I was going to have a sleepless night.
"Yes," the first one to provide information for the "Torture Congress" is Feline, "when Kone got injured and on the way back to the Dark Moon city, he used a very strange way to save a dragon. Afterwards I read all the books that I could find, but I couldn't find any record about this method."
"I'm interested in Kone's knife," the second one is Kelly, "I asked him several times, he refused to tell. I also went to check the books with my sister, the result is that there's no such weapon like this appeared from ancient to now. Also addition to the magic, Kone has a very special kind of fighting skill."
I bowed my head speechless, it seemed that all my past were uncovered...
"I say my brother," Feshert also came to join in for the fun, "where your these brilliant ideas come from?"
"It‘s none of your business?" I don't dare to do anything to my family, but I can scold at Feshert, "shut up!"
"Oh!" Feshert was very generous not to talk again, he had the expression of that I even shut up you still have to explain honestly on his face. I had a such anger in my heart...
"Alright..." my father stopped my still want to "list the facts" brothers, "Kone, are you not going to explain anything to us?"
"Sure I can have the explanation!" all the time, I carried the memory of my former life all by myself, maybe it's a good time and good thing to tell them all with this opportunity, "but you'd better to clean up your mind before you listen to me."
"Why?" my eldest asked.
"Because you may not stand to accept it." I looked everyone at the face, everyone had the confused expression. There are more tender feelings in my wives' eyes.
"It doesn't matter." the red nose grandpa said, "you can go ahead!"
"Yes, Kone." my mother's tone was full of worries, "they are all your closest relatives sitting in here. No matter what problem, we will find a way to solve it."
"Then alright, since you insist." sat straight up my body, packed my smile, then I started the long narration...
"Now in my body and soul, there's only a half Kone." I said, "or it can be said like this, Kone Cada is just a part of my whole body and soul..."
It's like a stone thrown into the water surface, my eldest brother took hold of the sword hilt, "you! What did you do  to my brother?"
Besides Feshert and my father, all the people stood up. The guys with weapons on were at the sword's point, the rest began to chant the magic... Especially my three turn-face-pale wives, it seemed like that they wanted to tear me apart.
"Wait," my father raised his hand, "let him go on."
"It seems like that everyone has some misunderstandings," seeing the situation like that, I was very surprised, "then let me tell from another guy."
"Who wants you to tell about another person?" Kelly broke into tears shouting at me, "give my Kone back to me!"
"Let him finish." Feline held on her sister's shoulders and comforted her softly. Seriously, I appreciated her calm very much.
"Sister... He ate Kone..." Kelly's words made me in distress situation...
"Let him finish... Maybe things are not as bad as what you thought." Wensly spoke to Kelly.
"Behind this area of the starry sky, in the place extremely far away," I opened the window, looked at the dark blue night sky and said, "there is a planet, or you can say... A continent. On there, there are many human beings, they almost same as us human beings here. There's one of them, his name is Jackie..."
I began to tell my former life, from the fuzzy childhood memories, the elementary school, the middle school, the army... To being ambushed. It's really a strange feeling, the alive and kicking people standing here to tell about his own death to others. The slightly deep voice packed with my anger, and the light homesickness, it had completely attracted all the people. When I talked to the death, all the females in attendance could not help covering their mouths to cry out loud in exclamation.
"Down there," I had a smile and kept on talking, "he met a strange life..."
How I came to this world, how I woke up... I spoke out all of that without any reservations, I felt very relaxed in my heart. I took a sip of water and looked at the stunned audiences, I was waiting for them to digest all of that slowly.
"You finished? But you have to wait for a minute..." my father said, "let me think about it."
"That will be alright." to accept the fact like this is really a bit difficult.
After thinking for a while, they changed the strategy, everyone began to ask me all various things before I got injured. Even the thing like stealing apple in my childhood were spoken out, under these people's fatigue bombing, I was almost getting collapse...
"In your five years old that year," it's my mother's turn to ask, "what did you do at the birthday that day?"
"Cheated others."
"Who did you cheat?"
"Mama you."
"Why?"
"Because I stole and ate the baby fish which papa kept." I took a look at my father, he spent a lot of money to buy it.
"How did you say to me?"
"Hmm..."
"What? Can't you say it out loud?"
"......"
"Say it, it's been so many years."
"......"
"Just say according to the exact words at that time, not a word is allowed to be wrong, the tone is exactly the same too!"
 I stood up helplessly, I went to the outside and closed the door...
"Mama! Something big happened!" a moment later, I rushed into the room with a panic face, I yelled, "Papa's fish is drowned dead!"
The people in the room almost all fell down to the ground, but my mother held around me tightly, she choked with sobs, "it really is Kone, you really are my son..."
I breathed a sigh of relief, my mother finally admitted me. 
Finally, when it's almost in the dawn, the experienced great sorrows and great joys family and friend just thought of that it was my wedding night, they no longer asked me the fresh things about that another world and left, there were only the three wives left with me in the room.
"It's almost dawn..." I was going to shut the door very unsatisfied. Just only this little time left, what should I do with my three wives...
"Wait a minute," Kelly put her hand on the door, "what are you doing?"
"Shut the door," I said, "go to sleep."
"It's time to go to sleep," there the strange light appeared in Kelly's eyes again, "but did you notice that, you seem to stand in the wrong place now."
"Have not." I said, "where I supposed to stand in?"
Kelly's finger stroke out a loop in front of herself, and then stopped in a direction.
"Outside of the door?" I got my anger up, "I'm your husband!"
"But we are married to the Kone." Feline spoke aside.
"I am Kone!"
"Say it exactly," Feline laughed, "You're just a half Kone."
"Right!" Kelly had her hands akimbo, "have we agreed to marry your another half?"
"You! I..." I was reckoned, I had myself dumbfounded, I looked at Wensly with the eyes for help.
"Wensly would not help you neither!" Kelly found my attempt, she took a step forward to take hold Wensly's hands and said, "wouldn't you? Wensly?"
"I..." Wensly looked at me with apology.
"Go out, go out!" A man, will not die without a woman. I walked out of the door, I turned back and spoke to Kelly, "don't you fall into my hands one day..."
"Walk slowly!" Somebody waved at me and said, "don't catch cold while sleeping at the night..."


4

"The groom like you this kind, it is the first time I ever saw, Haha." Feshert rode on the horse smiling and said to me.
That was the day after the wedding, we had already been on the way to the Darkness City.
"Do you still want to continue to maintain the integrity of your this pretty face? Shut up if you want to!" I was exhausted to answer him.
After I was driven out of the bridal chamber, to save face, I had to run to Feshert's room. I pretend to chat with him and slept over there for the rest of the night. I didn't expect that I became his joke after I woke up.
"Well, let's not talk about this. But I am not a lover boy neither!" Feshert flatted his lips at the carriage behind us, "you take a look at them..."
I turned my head around to look at the carriage, the three girls were made to laugh into a whole by what topic. Looking at their disorderly fibrillation figures, I knew they could get along pretty well, this made me feel a little bit better in my mind. 
"The city your designed really can be built well?" Feshert started a new topic, "I really want to see it as soon as possible."
"The city should have a prototype by now, at least the wall should be built for a large section." I counted the days in my heart and said, “after all, we spent a lot of time in the wedding ceremony."
From the third day after we walked out of the border of the Dark Moon city, we kept meeting the patrol teams formed by the wingmen and the artisans transporting the materials, more than happy from the news is that the city construction has been comprehensively launched. By contrast, their high emotion and the strict organization let me have more confidences for my own city.
In the situation that all of us were eager to arrive earlier, we greatly reduced the time we spent on the road.
"My goodness," Feshert looked at the construction site and said, "So big, so many..."
Feshert, my those three wives, and the red nose grandpa, all of them never came there before. In their first look at the size of the construction site, they couldn't help staring blankly, I could sense their inner shocks from their straight eyes and the slightly open mouths.
Might not be proud in my heart? It is full of busy and orderly workers in every corner of the construction site, the running around to direct workers vampire commanders... On the several people high wall, a piece of fixed evenly huge stone which is moved from distance is placed on it. Along the way, all we saw are actually very smooth, we didn't see any obstacles.
Looking at my smiling face, Feshert said with a sigh, "I never thought of this, so what you want me to say about you? You... Are really an unusual person!"
"Unusual person?" Kelly thought for a while and said, "that's right, We can just use this name to call his another identity in the future!" 
"Yes," Feline said, "we can just call him like this, didn't uncle Vassel tell us especially that we can't reveal it to others to know even we die!"
"Alright, alright. Here comes the Hairt them." I pulled the rein and went greeting them.
"Hey, boss!" Hairt rushed all the way toward us, "you are back!‘ 
"Anything happened?" I patted on his shoulder and said, "everyone was all right?"
"Rest your heart, not a muddle!"
Under the lead of me, Hairt and Kainam, the newcomers were getting familiar with the whole construction site.
"It can't be denied, it's a very successful design, you guys do a good job." The red nose grandpa stretched his hand out and had a knock on the built wall, it seemed that the strong surface made him very satisfied. In view of his military achievements, I dragged him to come help us with the relative identity. My father once said to me, if this predecessor was not retired by set up, there should be no problem for him as being a marshal now.
"I think it is about this on the construction way." I said to everyone, "now the main issue is on the personnel way, if we don't have competent people to manage the place after our city is built, the fun will be big!"
"Which aspects are those people?" the impatient Kelly asked right away, seeing I was staring at her, she just added a word after, "my husband..."
"In short, two aspects, military and civilian." I said, "the detailed segments are too complicated."
"On the military I can come with you," the red nose grandpa said, "on the internal affairs, I think that your wives and Feshert should be able to help you."
"Well, we can discuss this again carefully later." I nodded my head.
"No!" Feshert protested loudly, "why make me to manage this? I will not! Not, not, not!"
"Boom" the joked along all the way I pulled Feshert against the wall, I looked at him coldly.
"You must manage this," I said softly in his ear, "do you know why Your Majesty ask you to come here? Not only here can exercise you, but also more because they think for your safety. I won't let you to go to the front line to manage the military. You this idiot! You eat my food over here, you live in my place over here, you have to listen to me, understand now?!"
"What makes you govern me?" it seemed like that Feshert wanted to have his face saved very much, he argued with me in a very low voice.
"Take a look at them, who is coming out to speak for you?" I helped Feshert to straighten his somewhat crumpled clothes. The people next to us were talking to themselves, no one took a look at us.
"And take a look over there," I turned Feshert's head around, "there is a dungeon over there, five-star, do you want to go in to play?"
"You guys... set me up?" Feshert was very unwilling, "but I am not very interested in those! Please, Huh?"
"Feshert, I know what you are thinking." I was very serious to speak to him, "but as for a emperor, he must have various knowledge, the military is just one of them. I will let you join in the army naturally in the appropriate time."
"You should said like this earlier, you just make me worried." know that he can’t force me, Feshert also had to accept "happily", "but how to count for this blow hurt? My back."
"Oh," I put my hand devotedly on his shoulder, "my good brother, you should remain faithful to friends. Why did you say such words? (five hundred words were omitted)... Let‘s go to have dinner, let‘s go to have dinner. Let me tell you, today's main course have crabs, and..."
In the coming next few days, in the red nose grandpa's help, I had been busy to reorganize the systems, I inserted the clerks that I brought from my father there into the city hall, and established various institutions under the city hall. I put all my rest of the time in the dwarf weapon workshop which was just established.
Speaking of the name workshop, it actually is not exactly the same. From the size, you would know that it is dozens times bigger than the average weapon workshop. I spent a whole day to explain to the rush recruited master, and after I got his agree, all the skilled weapon artisans are gathered here, no matter where he was at that time. We had built the basic facilities by a built wall. The conditions were still very simple, but the craftsmen were working with great enthusiasm, more than twenty stoves not stopped even at the night, the smokes from the chimneys formed a dark cloud over the construction site. Watching the pieces of weapons and armors according to the requirements completed and came out of the "production line", the master were happy to laugh!
Days later, the officers coming from my brothers there arrived. After simply getting familiar with each other, they were immediately assigned to each forces as the intermediate positions, it let my hanging heart got down the better part.
"What are thinking? Why don't you talk?" after the dinner, we all took a walk in the sunset together. Feline found that I bowed my head and was thinking about something, so she asked me like that. These days, I haven't been to their tents at night, I always stayed with the brothers with all kinds of excuses. Having me accompanied, the brothers of course would be happy, they would not think of other things. The only one in the know Feshert would laugh secretly, plus my wives had the great performances usually, there no more other people knew our that special situation.
"Today I saw a refugee child running wild at the construction site, he hurt his head." I said.
"Is he all right?" Wensly asked me with concerns.
"He is alright," I shook my head and asked Feshert, "now there are how many six to sixteen year old child on our construction site?"
"This? Feline knows." Feshert answered.
"There are almost over one thousand according to the statistics. Plus the ones on other construction sites, I think there will be four thousand or more." Feline answered me, "what do you ask this for?"
"What race are these children?" I did not answer Feline directly.
"There are all kinds," Feline spoke to me, "very varied."
The others heard what we were talking about, they all came over and surrounded us.
"Yes, we also don't have any ways to deal with these disorderly running around kids." Kainam who was in charging of the safety of the construction sites said, "the first few times we still can scare them to leave, but not now. These kids are very cunning!"
"They also play together regardless of race," Kainam also smiled and said, "they sometimes will bring the food to their working parents, they can give you some troubles for such little time."
"Little kids!" Moah smiled, "so did we come from like this too."
"Yes, kids." I spoke, suddenly I feel something in my heart.
"Messenger!" as I cried, a few messengers following us ran over and stood to salute before me.
"Notice all the clan leaders and the competent department chiefs of the city hall, all immediately come to my tent for the meeting."
"Let's go back!" looking the messengers ran away dispersedly, I spoke to everybody. Although not understand, but if I don't tell, they also will not ask.
............
"For these children, what do you think? What good ideas do you have to settle them?" I asked.
My tent is full of the or sit or stand people, they felt a little uncertain about my words. 
"They are some troubles..." after a long time, there're just somebody to speak. Then some proposed to put them together, and some suggested to just simply to send them to the Dark Moon city...
"The children although are very troublesome, but to send them away is not reasonable." Mogardi said, "their parents won't agree neither."
"Then what any good ways do you have?" Jack asked.
"I don't have, but Sir Viceroy will do have ways." Mogardi said. This guy... since the first day I came back from the construction site, he was stubborn to call me Sir Viceroy. No matter what I said is useless, the sandman just have the character just like that. After heard he said like that, everyone put their eyes on me again.
"I don't want to tell my idea so early," I looked at Mogardi and said, "I want to let you to open your minds to come up with a good idea. But since we talk to this point..."
"You haven't thought of any good ways," I said, "that is because you all take these children as burdens! Am I right?"
Silence, these guys seemed to tell me with their expressions: If they are not the burdens? What else can they be?
"What characters do the children have? "I continued to say, "fun, aggressive, eager to learn. They are even smarter than the adults in some ways, they can think of a lot of things that the adults can't think of. Why should it be? Because the children are not polluted by the outmoded conventions and customs, so there is no rule bondage in their minds!"
"It sure is not a good way to let them running around wildly in the construction site." seeing everyone was in deep thinking, I kept saying, "if let that going on, at most just in a few years, there may be more good craftsmen showed up. Of cause, becoming a good craftsman is not a bad thing. But, do we really need these many craftsmen?"
"We need all kind of talents!" Kainam said. Thankfully, finally somebody can understand what I am talking about.
"That's right, we need all kinds of talents. So that our development can surpass other cities, or even other countries!" I nodded my head with praise, "what kind of people can become talents? Children! Just like these children! They can quickly accept the new ideas and the new things, and they dare to ask "why"! These are the most valuable things for the children!"
"I decided," I speak out with my idea, "let all the children to accept the education!"
Some agreed, some worried... In short, the tent was bubbling with noises for a while.
"Sir viceroy, do we really have this kind of necessity? That would bring all aspects of burdens." a city hall people spoke, many people nodded their heads to show their agrees.
"All project managers sit down to my left side," I said, "the city hall chiefs to the right, all stand up for me!"
My face looked not that very good, it is the first time I fired my anger at my subordinates, because I found several big problems.
"You all listen to me, I just speak once!" I spoke to the people at the right side, "I don't care what you heard about what kind of people I used to be, I hope that you can forget all those rumors. My commands or decisions will be spoken once, no necessary to discuss! I am the viceroy, you are the viceroy subordinates. Do you know what that means?"
"It means that the viceroy just make the decision, and you carry out the specific!" having Feshert explained behind me to these guys, these guys are very lucky.
"Everyone has his own duty! Don't ask me how to do it when having a problem! Don't you have a brain?" I reprimanded loudly, "if you have a burden, then think of a way to solve it! Otherwise why I ask you to be here! Find a way yourself! I just want the result! Understand?"
"Understand!"
"I want all the children, from seven to seventeen, gathered in the Darkness city to accept the education." although I scolded them, but I still worried that my subordinates could not think of any ideas, so I reminded them secretly, "the places, the supplies, the selection of the teachers. All the things need you guys to do it. All of you don't sleep today, bring me the plans tomorrow morning!"
"Yes, sir!"
"What, still want me to ask you for dinner?" looking at the guys standing motionless, my anger came up again, "all get out of here for me to do your business!"
............
"Why did you have such a big anger?" After everyone left, Wensly filled up my cup with water, "all the people are scared."
"He is building his own power," Feshert said by the side, "otherwise, who is going to listen to his words? Besides, the rumors about our viceroy are too many as well!"
"It's not all like that," seeing everyone in, I thought that it is necessary to explain to everybody, "you all come over, oh right, also go ask Marf and Mogardi to be here."
Not long later, everyone were surrounding me, some of them who got scolded were still somewhat confused. 
"Management institutions, the most afraid problems have the lack of responsibility and the procrastination of work these two issues!" I explained slowly to everyone, "did you see tonight, these two problems are already shown in our city hall. If it keeps on like this, we will all have to disband and go home later."
"It's so serious?" Jack asked me.
"It is!" even before I answered, the red nose grandpa said for me, "the so-call management organizations have the problems not just these few. But once we find one, we must correct it immediately. It's nothing wrong for Kone to do it like this. So for you these supervisors, it's nothing wrong to be scolded together with others! You these few smelly boys!"
"What else can't get it?" I smiled to ask everyone, all my brothers shook their heads to show having none. 
"That's good," I stood up and said, "you all go to do your business, the plan must be very detailed. Feshert, you can go help them too."
When Feshert them stood up and got ready to go out, the guards outside of the door shouted, "who is there?"
Almost immediately, a wingman holding a token and shouting "enemy spotted" rushed into my tent and fell down on the ground.


5

Hairt ran a step forward, he dragged the wingman scout up from the ground, that guy’s face was scratched broken on the ground.
"What did you say?" Hairt almost got his face stick close to the scout's face together, "say it again!"
"Sir!" not even considering to wipe the blood off from the wound on the face, the weak scout said, "we seventeenth scout squad found a large number of light cavalries before dawn yesterday, they were thirty miles south of the desert entrance!" 
"Light cavalries?" Hairt turned around and looked at me, "let me call the people!"
"What hurry for?" I stopped him, "just a few cavalries."
"Let him sit down," I pointed at the scout and talked to everyone, "give him some water to drink, and call a sorcerer to here."
The poor scout sat down, he took the water from Jack and began to drink it in a hurry.
"Messenger!" I called to the outside of the tent, the messenger team leader rushed in.
"The senior officers of the command department, the supervisors of the city hall, and the chiefs of all ethnic groups, all line up immediately outside of my tent!"
"Yes!" after I issued the command, I turned around and began to talk to the red nose grandpa in a low voice. Feline and Wensly arranged things to get ready to write the commands, Kelly and Hairt them spread out the biggest map that we could have so far in the middle of the tent... Everything looked exactly the same like when we studied at uncle Turnasi there.
Not for a while, outside of the tent were all the footstep sounds, people continued coming. All the people are waiting outside, only the sorcerer had the order to come in and had the blood-stopping and healing for the scout.
The talk with the red nose grandpa was also almost over, so I began to order.
"Senior command officers! Senior liaison officers! Clan chiefs! Into the tent!" the guards loudly repeated my words outside of the tent.
No redundant voices, the coming in more than ten people bowed to me and then stood around the map in order.
"Are you better now? Your mind is clear now?" I asked the scout who just wiped the blood off from his face, he just kept nodding.
"Good! Now you repeat it once again," I stood in front of the map, "I want everything you know about, nothing a bit missed!"
"Yes!" after he had a salute, he took over a long thin iron rod from an officer.
"We're the seventeenth scout squad! we're keeping a close watch on this area, it's four hundred miles straight distance from the Darkness city."
He pointed at a spot on the map with the iron rod and said, "yesterday everything is very normal before dawn..."
"After midnight, my captain and I had the launch reconnaissance. We flied circle along the desert entrance. The ninth time when we passed  through this place, we found that there are a lot reflections on the ground," he moved his rod to the right a bit, "when we observed closer, we found there are no less than three hundred light cavalries. It's too dark, this is an about number, only more no less. From their messy clothes and armors, they look like the bandits. But, their team formation is very neat, and they are not very tired neither."
"What else?" an officer asked.
"They stopped right here, it seems like that they are the vanguard guarding the desert entrance, but both the front and the back they laid out are the defensive battle formation. The captain ordered me to come back to report immediately, they continue to keep watching over there, they will send somebody back every once in a while. Oh right! The captain worried that there are not enough people in hand, he has called for the other scout teams nearby." the scout added. 
This is the reason why I let him drink and rest. Because a person is very easy to make a mistake in the tense situation, especially these having not that rich experience new recruits, they will often miss some very important information. At this time, a short rest can let him relieve the pressure and reorganize the thoughts. It's the same why let the sorcerer to give him the healing treatment at the first time, because the pain will also distract his attention.
"They didn't detect you?" the red nose grandpa asked.
"No! I'm sure!" maybe because of his mighty, the scout couldn't help to stand straight upright his body to answer.
"Why are you so sure of that?" the red nose grandpa kept asking, "soldier, this will affect a lot of people's lives!"
"It was very dark right then," the scout said, "we have been paying attention our own traces very much. In addition, we didn't get to the within close range which they can detect us!"
"When did you leave?"
"Dawn, because it's getting bright and fear of the other party has the sorcerer, so I always flight sticking to the ground."
The red nose grandpa nodded to me, signaled it is passable.
"You can go to rest now, soldier, you have already finished your task pretty well." I said to him, "if you can think of anything else, you can come to me here right away."
"Yes," the scout left with the sorcerer...
All the people stood around the map, I had to give them some time to think.
"What do you think?" seeing they had considered it almost, I began to asked their ideas. To see from my military knowledge, this thing is not that simple, but now I can say it out yet. These people in front of me are mostly "novices", I have to guide and train the thoughts of my subordinates, let them think toward the right direction.
"What else need to think?" as I expected, Moah shouted loudly, "just give me five hundred people! are they not just a few bandits?"
"Good, have boldness of vision." I said, "but I want to know  according what that makes you to judge there are just a few bandits?"
"Didn't the wingman say just now?" it seemed that Moah was still not understand yet, "just only three hundred people!"
"Four hundred miles!" I point to the map, "it takes the wingman a day to fly. Even I give you the cavalries to leave right now, it still will take you a day and a half. Or you can arrive in a day, maybe the other party has already had three thousand people there. As a leader, you must keep the placid state of mind, understand?"
"Yes! I see."
"Who is next?" I asked everyone. He seems to know my intention, the red nose grandpa hadn't been cut in.
"Sir viceroy!" Mogardi said, "our information is not sufficient."
"It is,"  I said, "we will have more information coming later!"
"I think..." Hairt said, "in the situation that it is not that clear, we should increase the reconnaissance."
"This is the correct view." I nodded my head and agreed, "Wen!"
"Yes!" you could not see the grinning cheekily on his face any more at this moment.
"Go ask all the great ones in your race to wait outside of the tent" I said.
"Yes!" He started to run out.
"Do you have any other ideas?" I looked at them with the encourage glance, "say it out! We still have time."
But everyone is deep in thinking again.
"Well! What about this," I said, "I ask, you answer. I hope that we can get a clue."
"The first step, we come to judge the enemy's identity. Looks like bandits?" I walked in the tent in small steps, "do we have bandits around the Darkness city?"
"No!" Waldi said loudly, "the only group of bandits was destroyed many years ago!"
"Then who they may be? Have such strict discipline should not be the general mob." I continued to say, "we can think it more complicated, more far away."
"We really don't have any bandits around us," one just came from my eldest brother officer pointed at the map and said, "if say it is army, there are only two places have army on the borders with us. Of course the Dark Moon can be excluded. This place left is the fief of a noble general, he has a close relationship with the Prime Minister. His name is Harrick."
"Right!" Marf also pointed at the map and said, "you look, his fief has a very wide place to connect with our Darkness city. His men can come and go at any time."
"What you given is just a hypotheses, but now I want you to use evidence to prove that!" I was glad that they noticed that, although it's a bit slow.
"First!" the atmosphere was getting alive, Moah stepped forward and said, "we have conflicts with the Prime Minister, and the Prime Minister drool with envy for the Darkness city, they have the motivation!" 
"Count it as one," I said, "there is this possibility, keep going."
"Second! From the military," the been silent Hairt said, "there are many routes that they can tap into, the offense is very convenient. Just from these already been discovered people to see, exclude the local bandits of the Darkness city, they can only come from here!"
"Why?" I asked.
"They are light cavalries, they come in from the entrance of the desert." listen to Hairt's sober analysis, I was very happy, "the horse could not go very far in the desert, they can only come from Harrick's fief to go into the desert. There is even less than one hundred miles from the entrance to the nearest place, even the army showing up here is not Harrick's, he still can't get away with it!"
"Good! But there's a problem, one of the most important problem!" I asked, "why did they stop?"
......
"Wait for the help!" after a while, Moah just said a words.
"Instead of waiting for the help," the red nose grandpa gave some direction at the side, "isn't it better to combine the soldiers to set off together?" 
"This...?" Moah shook his head.
"Moah," I smiled and encouraged him, "you can think about it again, if you are their commander, in what kind of circumstance, you will set out this kind of battle array in this very narrow entrance?"
"In defense." Moah answered me. 
"Why do you want to defense?" I continued to ask, "behind you is your own territory, you are in the dark, you are initiative, you should attack, then it’s just right!"
"I...I...I," slowly, Moah's eyes began to let out the different light, "I am coordinated with some other people!"
"That's right! You smelly boy!" the red nose grandpa knuckled at Moah's head mercilessly, "you just think of that, you make me suppress very hard!"
"Good!" I said to everyone, "through everybody's efforts, we know what these people want to do. Now the problem is, who are they coordinated with? We need to have further information to figure it out. So in this time, we have to be well prepared."
"Yes!"
When they were answering me, Wen came into the tent, he gave me a no problem gestures.
"Wen!" I said, "send out all the scouts you have, search back and forth for me along the boundaries between our and Harrick's fiefs! Focus on the route to the Dark Forest mines, the route to the Darkness city, and the routes to all the settlements of all the races. Notice the forest mines and all the races, ask them to get ready, evacuate once they detect any enemies getting close, the commands will come right after. And, I just want the information, no contacts!"
Wen just ran out, I chased him to the outside of the door, I pulled him aside and whispered to him, "and, send the most outstanding people to Harrick there to take a look. On the other side of the desert, we must find out where their coordinating place is within Harrick's territory!"
Wen nodded his head, he ran to a group of wing-men aside to give them the commands. Immediately, the first wing-man began to run, still not ran out of the fence of the tent, he took a jump, and spread his wings to fly over the heads of a lot of officials. The rest behind him followed his lead, they made here like a nest. Seeing the subordinates not mind at all, I had a smile, and walked back to the tent to issue the orders. 
The orders came out from my mouth, they turned into writing in Wensly's hands. After I signed my name, Feline drew a special mark on it again, they were handed to the wing-men by the Wen who was standing at the door, and finally disappeared in the sky...
I ordered the armies in the back two directions to put on the new equipments and to move gather to a place. Under the guidance of the wing-men scouts, directly to move across the Darkness city and to mass at the border of Harrick's side, absolutely can't let the enemy perceive. All the construction sites in the routes that the enemy might go through must stop the works and evacuate, the sites need to be hid into the abandoned way, the near the Darkness city ones withdraw directly, the rest find a place nearby to hide, all the guards must take seizure all the strangers in the first time since they receive the order, if there is resistance, kill! The enemy must leave some informers along the route, but because they are in quick dash, the informers could not be too many, we must take these people off! 
I judged that the main purpose of the enemy assault at this time is for the Dark Forest mines and the disturbance to the urban construction, but they can leave or hide after the fight if it is only disturbance, they don't need any coordination, so there should be the despoiling the ores as the main purpose.
I explained especially in the orders to the elves, they must drop down the defense for the mines. As soon as the enemy get close, the people left in the mines must flee. Let them take the ores as much as they want to take, the more the better. Once the enemy begin to retreat, then join the arrived wing-men to chase down the enemy, attack with arrows and magic, be sure to make the enemy not getting any rest. But absolutely no close distance contact!
The coming back intelligence proved my thought, the enemy didn't have any change in the desert entrance, the coordination place within Harrick's territory was also found, there are about five hundred infantries, not even have the disguises on, they are all in the standard empire infantry dress. Finally, we found the enemy's main force in the edge of the Dark Forest, they are all the same light cavalries, they are moving directly to the Darkness mines, there are more than three thousand of them! I couldn't help but shook my head, the borders of the Darkness are too large, I have too few people in my hand... I let three thousand cavalries to rush in my Darkness territory, they do it like in a place there is no one in unexpectedly! If I am defeated this time... I will be laughed at to dead by the Prime Minister.
The total of the enemy is about four thousand, it's not that much. But the just built army of the Darkness city is at most about three thousand, it also is very scattered. It seems that the enemy is very familiar to our situation, they know that they can beat me absolutely by these many people. Three thousand cavalries, I'm afraid that they can move away all the mining tools cleanly. The headquarter is in my tent, we have carefully analyzed the situation we have right now, we decided to play this melee with the advantage of our information and the great fighting tribes. I hoped that they still don't know the special relationship between the alien races and me. Among them, the rapid redeployment of the troops is the matter of life and death. 
After I sent out dozens more orders again, I know clearly in my mind, it is the stage time for the Darkness forces.


6

"Will you change on the armor?" Wensly held a black iron primary color cavalry soft amour in her hands, "this is the master custom-made for you and Feshert a few days ago."
It's noisy outside of the camp, all the people are doing their parts, the following me to set off soldiers are clearing their equipments, the staying behind to take care of the Darkness city people are laying out the defense under the officers' commands.
Wensly helped me put on the armor, now she's tightening the belt for me with Kelly's help, up and down more than ten belt buckles let them busy for a while.
"Your weapon." Feline hung the black long knife on my waist.
I moved it for a while, and don't feel very well. So I took the knife down and cross hung it on my back.
"The things over here..." I spoke to my three wives, "just leave to you!"
"You can rest assured," Feline answered me, "by the time you get back, here is still Kone Cada's Darkness city!"
"Be careful, although all the people left over here can pick up the weapons, but they are all new people after all." hesitated for a moment, I still gently caress her face with my hand, Feline didn't escape as before.
"You too, so when I come back, I want you three people come to meet me together." I turned to Wensly and Kelly and said, "no one can be missed."
"......"
"Kone!" when I was walking to the outside in large steps, Feline suddenly called out to me, there are a lot of things in the voice.
My body paused a bit, I wanted to listen to what she want to say, but I was afraid that I can no longer go out to the battle after I listen to her.
"If you have anything to say, then wait for me to come back to tell me again!" after I left these words resolutely, I walked out of the tent. 
I needed to rush to the border and join a team of cavalries stationed over there. Leaving with me are more than five hundred cavalries, they are mostly called up temporarily. There is also the less than one hundred people officers group, they are made up by the probation officers who are still learning.
"We are all ready!" the red nose grandpa rode on the horse and said to me, "you make all things clear?"
"No problem!" I got onto the horse, "ready to go!"
"Sir Viceroy!" Mogardi ran to me and said, "the wing-man scouts have launched in place!" 
I nodded my head, these wing-man scouts and the earlier sent ground  rangers would give us the direction, in order to avoid to meet the enemy too early.
"Sir Viceroy, the defense for construction sites of the Darkness city is almost finished!" Waldi also came to report. The dwarves are melee good hands, but it will be hard for them to have the long-range raid, so I left them to defense. 
"Waldi, you listen up!" I spoke to him, "the people at the other sites can retreat, but not here. Because the whole Darkness city is watching here, if here is broken down, the Darkness city is also over! Understand?"
"Understood!"
"Feshert..." looking at the sitting aside on the fence Feshert, I said quietly, "please!"
"Just go!" he waved his hand to me, "there are tens of thousands people here!"
"Set--off!" with the messengers loudly trombones, the flagmen at the most front of the caravan were holding the flags high, a wing-man swooped down from the high sky, he tilted across over the team in a straight line to point out the direction for us. With a long hoarse, the flagmen blunt went out first!
The horses rushed urgently! Because wrapped the hoofs with cloth in advance, thus hundreds of cavalries just made only a little low depressing sounds. Having the wing-man scouts in the sky, the team rushed to the staging area and not to worry about meeting the enemy. In every river or the difficult to through area, the prior sent rangers would find the easiest route and left the marks, it saved us a lot of time.
Went to the construction sites several times, my riding also can be so-so then, plus I had the red nose grandpa's guidance aside, that made me can barely keeping up with the urgent dashing team. Although I was very tired, I still went through it by biting my teeth. After hundreds of miles riding, the bones of my whole body were almost falling apart...
After we paid the terrible price of losing tens of people or dead or hurt to falling off the horses, we finally arrived to the rendezvous place. It is a relatively hidden valley, we were ahead of time a little bit than we expected.
"All rest immediately! Pay attention to the diet of the horses!" the ample experienced red nose grandpa explained to the messengers, and I held my dead stiff body and walked to meet with some of the officers.
"The Viceroy!" the officers clenched their right hands as fists, and they put their fists on their left chests to give me an army salute.
An officer asked me, "that is..."
"Martin!" I gave them a salute back and said, "a once empire general, my wives' grandpa, your deputy commander!"
The officer dropped his jaw badly, "Martin? Is the mighty general Martin Arthur of our country tens of years ago? One of the four star generals in the deity coalition? My father once was his bodyguard!"
Martin Arthur? I was wondering, his last name is Arthur, how come Feline and Kelly's last name is Lola? I looked back at the old man who was still explaining to the subordinates, I was more confused.
Half of the command headquarter followed me to here, here would be the main battleground.
We laid out a large area with long string, the intelligences and the commands started from here in and out, the whole dominated regions by the Darkness city were tightly connected into one. 
The wing-man scouts, which I once ever managed on impulse earlier, played out the huge role. 
Only they can spotted the enemy in the high sky, and only they can find our scattered forces and convey the orders from the command headquarter. I can't image how to play this battle without this small force.
"Report! The enemy's main forces have just robbed the woods mine! They have begun to retreat." a military officer said to us.
"What you judged is right," the red nose grandpa drew the enemy retreat route on the map with his finger, "they will not go back along the coming route."
"The other party knows our troops are too few, it's not enough and impossible to fully intercept them." I laughed to say, "we can only gather all our troops to chase after their tails and ambush them in their retreat route. But they are all cavalries, they can get rid of our pursuers with their speed. And they can let our ambush lose our target with this strange route."
On the map, I have marked all the enemy's routes in red ink. That such as red blood thick and big line, it starts near the Darkness city that side in the Harrick's territory, directly points to the forest mines in an almost straight line, then goes back with a big bend around the Darkness city nearby, enters into the desert entrance to travel for a short distance, then goes back to the coordination point in the Harrick's fiefdom. There are more than five hundred miles between the finish and start point!
"The commander of the other side is really a smart guy!" the red nose grandpa said with a sigh, "tell us you countermeasures."
"What we have to do now," I said, "is to help them to complete this retreat!"
"Oh?" as if he didn't see the surprised eyes of the officers around, the red nose grandpa, or I should call him the general Martin Arthur, came over near to me, seemed like that he had seen the tasty good wine, "tell us!"
"Everyone take a look," I asked everyone came to the map, "the strategy of the other party is very careful and perfect. They came in from the border near the Darkness city, I think they come in batches, because our reconnaissance over there although is lax but also not haven't any. Most likely, their main forces were discovered by us when they were massed together. With our ability to respond, in this period of time, we can only strengthen the defense for the Darkness city's main construction sites, and not likely to do anything else. This is all in the other party's plan!"
"But," the red nose grandpa continued my words and said, "the other party didn't think of that we have found their coordination troop a day earlier, and they even didn't think of that we learned of their plot from this troop's exist.” 
"Just like this," I said, "so we have the time a day more, that is the reason why we are here."
"Do you want to be... here to destroy his entire troops?" the red nose grandpa pointed his finger and stopped at the enemy's coordination spot in the Harrick's fiefdom.
I nodded my head.
"I ordered the elves and the wing-men to keep pursuing them, is to make them run all the way back and have not a moment to rest."
I explained my thought to the surrounding officers, these guys are my future capitals, "the people who have taken advantages will become afraid of death, they will retreat once they grab the ores. But, the places in their way back have been mopped up by us, they will not get any rations, they will be very tired."
"They can not change their route?" an officer asked.
"You forget our alien friends?" I said with a laugh, "they can't change the route no more!"
"Then when do we supposed to attack?" another officer asked.
"When the time they return to their border," I said, "their bodies will be extreme fatigue... and their mentality will also slack off..."
"Can't we ambush in other places?" this guy still not unwilling to give up, "will it not bring troubles for across the border?" 
"In other places will let us pay a very high price, our troops have never been in any battles before." I shrugged my shoulders, compared with my soldiers' lives, cross-border is just like shit! If it is necessary, I will tied up Harrick to sell him as a pig in the marketplace!"
The officers were made laughing by my words.
Since I was given a lesson at the wedding night by my father, I paid attention to everything and every time, I have not spoken any swear words for a long time.
After the words were out, I felt it is brilliant unexpectedly. 
"Let's finish off the enemy here first," when we laughed to the about  time, I said, "Let's have a small victory to excite the morale first!"
............
This is Harrick's fiefdom, a place five miles behind the enemy's coordination spot. We have just arrived and is having a short rest.
"Poof" a tied into dumpling enemy infantry was thrown to the side of my feet, his face looked gloomy.
"Sir!" Jack said, "this 'pig head' is a messenger, we just caught him!"
"Did you get anything from his mouth?" because I put the face guard down, so my voice sounded a bit strange. 
"No words even we beat him to almost dead!" Jack looked a little bit discouraged.
"Oh?" I was a little surprised, but... I have seen too many not afraid of death.
"Hmm..." I thought for a while and then said to Jack, "go find some good tenacity branches."
Jack went to find what I wanted. Heard that we caught a captive, the officers came up around. The captive has presence of mind in his face, he just looked at the sky with his pair of dead fish eyes.
"Sir!" Jack ran back, "here's your branches!"
I held the branches in my hands and spoke to Jack, "executing a punishment, torture also need to learn, this is a very serious learning."
Jack and all the officers were dumbfounded...
"For example, just like right now," I continued to said, "he doesn't want to say, but we also want to know something from him. What should we do then? Executing the punishment will be the only choice for us. But we have to pay attention to some points, bring the greatest pain to him, and not to cause too much damage to his body at the same time..."
At this time, the body of the "dead fish eyes" began to shiver slightly.
"Because, we need to keep questioning, until he will tell everything." I didn't have the plan to let him go, "who will cut these branches into toothpicks, the thinner the better."
When the officers were laughing to cut the toothpicks, I had already asked someone to put a bigger branch across in his mouth and tied it to behind his head with the cloth. This makes him can't call out but also can speak at the meantime, the more important thing is to prevent him to bite his tongue.
When the cut toothpicks were ready, I asked Moah to come over, we must choose the right guy for the execution, this is not literally what all the people can stand.
"It's the biggest mistake that you didn't suicide at the moment when you got caught." I spoke to the "dead fish eyes", "if you don't tell, you will have the difficulty for either live or death."
The "dead fish eyes" had already dad the small beads of sweat on his forehead, but he still not said a word.
"Grab his hair, push him to the ground!" I said with no facial expression, "hold his hand tightly... Right! Moah, have the execution!"
Moah looked at me confused, he didn't know where to start with the toothpicks in his hands.
I heaved a sigh secretly, I took a toothpick, hold up one of the "dead fish eyes"s fingers. I pushed the toothpick against his fingernail, took a look at Moah, and slowly rotated and stabbed it in...
All ten fingers connect to the heart, there is an old saying in my former life said so.
As a member of the special force, torture is one of the most basic skills. 
After one finger was stabbed, the "dead fish eyes" had his shirt sweaty. And I, kept continue to do it on another finger...
The "dead fish eyes" kept struggling, although it's so weak in the hands of several strong guys, but he was still struggling, as if that could relieve some of the feelings spread from the fingers.
Stabbed four ones... The "dead fish eyes" tried to bump the ground with his head, but he was pulled the hair to prevent this kind of circumstance to happen. The blood came out from the wound on the torn scalp, some sounds also were sent out from his mouth... But this was not what I wanted.
To the seventh finger, the "dead fish eyes" had no more doughtiness in his eyes... Just only the desperation remained, the around officers had been back far away. Moah's mouth corners twitched slightly, but he didn't back off.
"Take off his shoes." when the about to collapse "dead fish eyes" heard my this sentence, he couldn't hold it any more, he began to wail up. I went forward one step, he immediately told the intelligences vaguely  what we needed...
After we got and confirmed the most direct intelligences, I and the red nose grandpa plotted the tasks for the officers. Part of the soldiers left under the leadership of their chiefs, the rest lined up in neat formation to walk forward slowly... In the place we left behind, there's a lost life body buried. He has a strong will and loyal heart, he is an almost perfect soldier, following a wrong command officer is his only mistake.
When we already could see the camp of the enemy infantries, Martin Arthur nodded his head to me.
"Attack!" I swept my highly in the sky right hand down heavily.


7

The five hundred people camp is very small, it will be flooded by more than one thousand cavalries in a moment.
The cavalries were getting close to them with a slow pace, the orderly hoof sounds clanged on my heart as the war drum, the spears in the hands were hung on the shoulders, the tips of the spears pointed to the sky. We pretended to be the general reinforcements to get close to the camp slowly, we were going to fight them unprepared.
In the evening, alarmed by the depressing poundings, the standing on the watchtower guards unlocked their voices to scream at the people down in there. It was right at the dinner time, the camp was full of the running around soldiers, looking for weapons, looking for commanding officers, looking for queues...
There were a lot of people still holding the rice bowls in their hands. Gradually, some people saw the dresses on the closer and closer cavalries, they started yelling in succession. (All the empire troops have the same dresses) The bawls brought the new confusions to the camp, a lot of  people who just picked up the weapons began to walk back to their bowls... Why still need to be nervous while they had already known that it is their own troop?
Even a small officer brought a few people to walk to the camp gate, it looked like that he was going to open the gate to meet their own guys.
"It's the striking formation!" the guards on the watchtower finally saw clearly our formation, they began to shout again, "they are in striking formation! Enemies! Enemies!"
The distance was so close, it's meaningless for disguise.
A fireball was ejected from our side, it swept past just over the heads of the cavalries, and smashed on the camp gate heavily.
This is the signal for the general offensive!
The close formation immediately spread out, the originally pointing up pikes had been put down evenly, the slow and orderly hoof beats became extremely messy! In the moment we saw the signal, the cavalries began to get into the sprint speed in turn. 
The enemies who were still holding the rice bowls scurried around like a headless chicken again. But the several time that enemy to reinforcement and reinforcement to enemy made them couldn’t come over for reaction, they must be more confused, this can be told from their slower speed.
The first impact wave was five hundred cavalries, they divided into ten columns to rush to the camp in turn. Everyone kept five arms distance with nearby companions in order to bring the weapon's power into play, there were about fifteen horses distance between the columns. They bent their waist, bonded their bodies tightly onto the horse backs, kept urging their rides with the spurs on the heels. Their goal was to rush to the other side of the camp. 
I and Martin Arthur rode on the horses, we were watching all of these on the terrain a little higher place, behind were a small group of messengers and a few staff officers.
"What do you see?" Martin Arthur pointed at the first impact wave and asked me.
"The mob!" I answered with a bitter smile, "no any highly trained features!"
Even though I hoped that my own army could make a beautiful annihilation battle at the first time very much, but I sill had to tell the truth. Because the impact we were having had a bit changes in the cavalries formation, some blunting front, some lagging behind, and some still trying to keep up with others.
"You don't waste the acerbity language." Martin Arthur said to me in all seriousness, "but this is your army."
"So what? Just because they are my army, so I gave them this kind of evaluation! I need to mend them well after this battle." while I spoke, I was watching the cavalries rushed into the enemy camp.
There were no too many protections for the camp, inside a circle of looks like very thin enclosure, there were some tents set up neatly and lots of materials piled up on the vacant space. 
The fence of the camp was boomed scattered here and there by the wizards with the fireballs, just a few wood battens left like the weak grass shaking in the wind. 
In the hoof beats, the front of the cavalries broke through the fence, they lunged the long spears in hands into the enemies bodies scattered around in extremely messy mercilessly, they were still trying to keep the speed of the impact along the way. Speed, oh speed, it's the life of the cavalry.
There were not a small amount of elves magicians mixing in the last several columns of the troop, they began to send out a large number of wind class damage magic. Before the other party had time to organize the effective defense, even a little magic wind blade could have the enormous damage.
"This is more like it." Martin Arthur was observing carefully, he just praised them orally. It happened that a cavalry couldn't retrieve his long spear after he lunged it into the enemy's body, he was dragged to dismount by his own pike in loud scream, the cavalries behind would not stop for him... A blood mist came up, he had become the meat mud...
"Meaningless sacrifice," Martin shook his head, "it looks like that you have to move your repair plan earlier!"
I wrinkled my eyebrows slightly, I opened my eyes widely, and I tried to grasp the overall situation and could see more details at the same time.
The result was very disappointing.
The prior military meeting decided, we have to give the enemy excruciatingly panic and confusion in the first wave of the impact, then the troops behind would launch the deadly attack from the side. Therefore, not only all the sorcerers and the most intrepid soldiers were in the first wave troops, but also asked them to bring a large amount of claws to pull down the tents.
First the problem is what the weapons brings. At the high velocity, it's not much difficult to lunge the long spear as the major weapon into the enemy's body, but it is not so easy to retrieve it back. That requires a pair of very nimble hands and rich experience, or immediately retrieve it after stab it into the appropriate depth; or choose a good place to stab in, normally it is above the chest, puncture it with the pike mercilessly! At the same time he opens his arms and lift it up, strokes a semicircle with the back of the pike, turns the enemy's body over backward and drags out his pike. 
The result? Some guys retrieved the pikes too early because of their estimate shortage, the direct consequence was that they didn't let the enemies lose the fighting ability. Some didn't raise their pikes up to an enough range, that made them sprain their wrists or have the shoulder dislocation. What's more, some were dragged to dismount by the rope claws which were used to pull down the enemy's tents! Fortunately, the enemies were very panic, many people were knocked down by the horses and trampled to death. Otherwise, to win the battle by these rookies? Shit, I don’t think so!
The most front cavalries had rushed to the center of the camp, they mopped down a lot of enemies on the way. But looked at their situation, it seemed like that they were chased down by the enemy, the formation is messy, and act like fools! If we didn't have many plentiful experienced officer as the hard core, if we didn't have the elves sorcerers with the deep magic attainments help us to clear up the messy situation, if we didn't have the clever tactical arrangement to make the enemy confused first, if we didn't fight with the power play, if it's not a surprise attack... I couldn't go on to think.
"Signal! The lateral cavalries begin to assault!" I gave the order.
"But when the lateral troops rush to arrive there, the people on the back of the first wave cavalries haven't get out of there yet! This will hurt our own people!" One of the subordinate staff officer shouted. In the enemy camp, there were about one hundred people fell off the horses, they were fighting with the enemies as a crowd.
"I-- said-- assault!" I gave him a clip on the ear, I felt numb in my palm, I didn't have the time to explain. If the entanglement kept going on like this, not only the dismount people would die, but the enemy also could organize up the effective defense!
Three fireballs were ejected onto the sky, the cavalries on the camp side shouted loudly, they began the attack.
This team was lead by Hairt and Marf, they had the lessons drawn from the first wave's mistakes, their impact formation were relatively tidy.
If the first wave of the attack was like a black tornado blew through the camp, this wave of attack was launched like a group of black locusts. Under my and Martin Arthur's assignments, they kept the formation with the slower speed, destroyed all the enemies on their way, and pulled down all the tents... The exquisite riding people also pulled the hapless who fell off the horseback previously up to their horses as possible as they could. Of course, not every hapless people had this luck, there not a few died under the own people's hoofs tragically.
The first wave cavalries had already rushed to the other side of the camp, the utterly discomfited officers scolded their subordinates to turn around... They rushed into the camp once again. 
The shouts with bellow came from the camp. The setting sunlight shined on the weapons, occasionally gave out the reflective lights of the death breath... The five hundred infantries were totally collapsed in the one thousand cavalries' back and forth impacts. Besides a few half-dead lay on the ground moaning, the rest were all dead.
"Immediately clean up the battle field!" I and Martin Arthur rode into the camp side by side together.
"What do you want to do?" Martin Arthur asked me in a low voice.
"We can't no longer fight like this!" I said, "we certainly will lose if we fight like this!"
All the officers stood behind me and Martin Arthur, they were listening to Martin Arthur's postwar summary.
"In general, boys." Martin Arthur said, "you lost the battle!"
"But have we achieved our goal?" some of the officers retorted quietly. 
"Yes, we achieved our goal!" Martin Arthur said, "but how many soldiers have we lost?"
"The statistics is here," Hairt took a look at the battle damage report in his hands, "the soldiers have one hundred twenty three dead, seriously injured sixty four, regardless of the minor injured. The loss of the horses is around one hundred." 
"The other party has just five hundred infantries! Five hundred infantries!" I roared loudly, "we dispatched over one thousand cavalries and some sorcerers, and it is even a sneak attack! We lost this many people! You have the face to call this result as a victory! What people are these died soldiers? They are just only the soldiers? No! They are the brothers fighting with us side by side! They are the future backbone of our army! They are the tinder! You go to say to the died soldiers, say it! Say we won! Stand in the midst of the died brothers! Go say to their remains!"
There were no more the voice of argument.
"Of course, this can't all blame on you. Our army has just been established, it surely will have this or that problems. You have tried your best on the battlefield, I can see all of these." looking at the officers' dropped heads, my tone was down a bit, "but at the same time, I also saw your prewar carelessness and postwar relaxation! The officer is the model of the soldiers, if you treat the battle in this manner, what manner will the soldiers treat the battle?"
"It's our fault!" after all the officers were not stupid, they came over to understand it, "please Your Viceroy give us the punishment!"
"Now we are not in a hurry, we still have the ferocity battle to fight." I shook my hand and said, "the junior officers go back immediately to deal with the cleanup, encourage the morale. The senior officers leave to discuss the next battle."
"The latest news from the scouts, the enemy's main force has been close to the boundary. Under our alien races friends' pursuit, they lost some people, they have about fifteen to sixteen hundreds left, they have about a little more than two thousand with the troop in the desert entrance. They have a day's journey away from us." After the juniors officers left, Martin Arthur began to read the battle report, all the people presence were listening attentively to his a bit husky majesty voice.
Hairt went on to explain our situation, "now our force is one thousand four hundred cavalries, and some other arms."
"The situation is just like this, everyone think about it well over," I said, "how should we fight next? Everyone can speak."
The map was opened on the vacant lot, the officers were discussed under the several swaying torch flames. They occasionally caused some bitter quarrels.
"To be sure, if we deal with the enemy the obverse side," Martin said firmly, "we don't have the odds, so you don't have to think in this regard."
Looking at the officers' depressed faces, I encouraged them, "it just for picking up the enemy's front, this is our weakness. But we also have our advantages! Let's first analyze all the situations."
Hairt was the first to speak, "the soldiers still have no chance to get the complete cavalry training, this is our weakness."
"Our soldiers have the more skilled pure infantry's method of operation," Moah said, "and our weapon equipments are very good! The morale is pretty good as well. These are all our advantages."
It looked like that the former Moah was same as Hairt, he had been growing slowly.
"What about the enemy? What do they have? And what they don't have?" I lost no time to remind everyone.
"From their speed to see, you know it is a very experienced light cavalry troop! They have the very strong power..." Martin Arthur explained the advantages of the enemy for us. The accurate vision, the original opinion, it's rational. This was our these novices unable to do so. He made all of us listened convinced.
"The enemy's weakness is in their fatigue, and they are also chased from behind, they have certain losses." an officer spoke out his views in a small voice, "we can crack down on the enemy's disadvantages with our advantages!"
"That's right," I evaluated his suggestion, "this is the truth that everyone understands. But how to do it specifically?"
Another officer bowed his body a bit, he pointed at the map and said, "we can produce all kinds of conditions to our benefits, at the same time to let the enemy careless."  
This suggestion was given our affirmations, the officers had come up with all kinds of ideas, some of them were remarkable insights...
"Good!" I took a look at the time, I signaled to hint everyone to stop the discussion. Martin Arthur looked at me by the side, he had a smile on his face.
"Since we are on the same page, let's do it!"
After we arranged everything, Martin Arthur and I stood on the roadside watching the soldiers started off under the officers' lead.
"Not to teach them a good lesson?" Martin Arthur asked me softly.
"Thought about it, or I should wait!" I gave the salute back to a column of walked past soldiers who were greeting me, "being not well ready is my fault! No complete training is my responsibility too. They have nothing wrong besides the attitude problems."
"So you just only reprimanded their attitude?" Martin Arthur were the same giving the salute back to the soldiers.
"No matter what, the troops have to keep the morale." I said, "it's not good to have too much reprimanded."
Martin Arthur looked at me, he had the expression of admiration on his face, "from my observation these days, you are a good general, a wise general. Your subordinate officers and soldiers are very lucky!"
"Lucky? I hope so, but it will be a tough battle tomorrow night!"
Looked at the sky over our heads, I said such words.
On the night sky, the stars twinkled.


8 

Another day was in the past, the senior officers headed by Martin Arthur and me gathered together in the twilight, we deliberated carefully our battle plan over and over, we considered every detail again and again to obtain it perfectly.
A messenger ran to us with his fastest speed, he had the newest information just received in his hand.
"There is no problem," I took over the intelligence the messenger handed to me and took a look on it, I spoke to everyone, "they are getting close in our arranged time and way, they lost hundreds of people again, they will have the contact with us soon after dark. They are really very cooperated enemies."
"Boys," Martin Arthur announced loudly, "success or failure is all in this battle! All up!"
Looked at these eyes flashing bellicose light officers, I was also very like to have a few words of encouragement, but the words changed out of my mouth, "prepare well, no one to be allowed missed in the celebration party!"
"Yes!"
The officers walked away, only I and Martin Arthur stood in situ. 
In view of the actual situation of our army, I decided to abandon the battle way we had the day before, we would fight this battle with our adept infantry fight way. Of course, this couldn't avoid many troubles. But the victory was so attractive, compared with it, it's nothing at all to have more troubles. 
Like the camp in front, it cost us almost a whole day today to build, 
It's in a place not far from the yesterday's battlefield. Not only the size and the style were exactly same as the camp which was breached by us yesterday, but also we added some "facilities" in it, to ensure the "friend troops" feel like staying at home.
"What are you thinking?" Martin Arthur asked me by the side.
"I think, we should have a special corps of engineers to do these things." I pointed to the new camp and spoke to him, "the not professional amateurs have the much slower actions."
"Oh?" Martin Arthur was a bit surprised, "at this moment, what you are caring about is not the battle ahead?"
"Is there anything to worry about?" looked at him in the eyes, I had the smile on my face, "we will win for sure!"
This is not the blind confidence, this hand-to-hand battle mode is my adeptest in my former life. In the elaborate arrangement, I have the grasp of the win!
"Ha ha ha ha!" It is a little bit exaggerated when Martin Arthur laughed, "let's go! We should go get ready too."
I rode on a very common war-horse, I was in the full iron armor. Although it is the standard equipment for the empire intermediate officer, but this armor's handwork is not that much well, in the joint of everywhere, the gaps are so damn big, you can put your finger in and out easily.
The wind was getting up, it carried the sand dust occasionally. I had to pulled down my face guard. But a few dyed brown hair came out from the forehead armor gap, and flickered in trouble before my brown crystal eye chips... 
I have been waiting here for a long time. Waiting, is one of the several things I hate the most.
The war-horse let out a cry, it shook its neck uncomfortably. That was because the night breeze brought the or have or have not depressing hoofs poundings. 
"Nervous?" I asked the aide next to me, "just only two of us."
"Have... some!" The aide's voice scattered a bit in the wind, "but...I'm not afraid!"
"Remember," I patted on his shoulder, "both of us now are the key, the key to open the victory door!"
The aide nodded his head and said to me, "Sir, I know! I'm glad that you picked me to cooperate with you. My name is Cole, I'm ready."
"Really? Let's go!"
Clamped the horse abdomen, I rode to meet the dashed coming light cavalries team from distance. Cole rode tightly behind me. 
I held the horse bridle rein with my both hands, I slowly approached the oncoming troopers with neither fast nor slow speed. Cole had launched a flag representing the infantry team in the wind. We found this after we broke the camp yesterday, it was thrust on the watchtower right then. It is different from its former host, it was almost still all new. 
We got to the close position that we could see each other clearly, that was a fifty or sixty light cavalry team. Cole began to use a special technique to wave the flag in hand, the other also response with the flags.
We both sides crisscrossed, took hold the belt of the horse head, I went around a big circle to the side of the lead officer of the other party.
"Is the avant-garde?" I asked loudly.
"Yes! The camp?" the officer answered me, you could feel a few exhaustion from his voice. It is different from my armor, his armor is mud yellow color, that is the magic armor.
"Of course!" I lifted my face guard, this is an movement that can get more trusts, "how are the things going?"
"All in the back," the officer raised his left hand, and the thumb pointed to his back, "troubles along the way, very hard!"
"Cole!" I nodded my head at the officer with the concern on my face, I spoke to Cole, "you bring some brothers go front first, report to the commanding officer, just say that the brothers will arrive soon. Let the camp prepare the food and the rest place!" 
"Yes!" Cole nodded his head, he raced to leave with several "brothers". 
We were still waiting in situ for the large force behind.
"Sir, it's not too much loss this time?" I asked the in magic armor officer.
"Don't mention it, it's a fucking failure!" he spitted a mouth of spittle maliciously on the ground down the wind, "it was still good when we went in, but there were all the sneak attacks when we were coming back, what wing-men flying in the sky, what sandmen hiding in the sand! Don't say we are dead-beat, we also lost hundreds of brothers!"
"Come back is good! Come back is good!" heard the words, I comforted him kindheartedly, "go to the camp have a rest, I guarantee that you will be full of vim and vigor right after." 
“You just don't know!" took off the helmet, he showed out a full face of fierce-looking, he said with a sigh, "general Harrick that temper... Fortunately we come back not empty-handed this time."
How could I know all these secrets? So I just kept silence.
Maybe he was thinking of the things after he gets back later, the guy had no words to talk. In the silence, the time runs slowly...
"They are here!" the officer said to me pointing at the distance.
I followed his hand and took a look, a somewhat messy formation of cavalries began to appear in my eyes.
"It seems that the soldiers behind didn't chase across the border," the officer said delightedly, "they are going slowly."
"Let's go to the camp to prepare first," I said to him, "just leave some people here to give them the news." 
How dare I stay over here? Although my acting is not bad, but we would waste all our previous efforts once I give the show away. 
"That would be alright!" the exhausted by fatigue officer was pleased to accept my suggestion. That's right, after the long march, who wouldn't want to have a rest earlier?
We will let you to have a good rest, a forever rest. I said this in my heart.
"Coming! Coming!" Kept watching the gate in the camp is Marf, "hurry open the gate!" a lineup of people passed through the gate, I led them to the stable. More than ten rows of poles for tying the reins were arranged in rows outside of the stable. That should be enough for the enemy to tie their horses? Once the cavalries get off the horses... Ha ha, that would be the phoenix without feather, it is not as great as the chicken!
Besides, thousands of horses! Oh my, we'll make a great profit.
"Go take a look at the rest place?" after fastened the horse, I said to the officer, "and the food."
"Well!" the officer's throat moved up and down once, "go take a look."
I brought them to the other side of the camp, I introduced for him along the way.
"You see, here this empty space is prepared for you to pile the goods, it's in the center of the camp, it's very safe! There, oh yes, that is the place where the soldiers have their food. You see the place is enough?"
"Nearly enough." the officer answered me.
"Oh! Here we are," I brought him to in front of a few big tents, "here is the place for the officers to have meal and rest, what do you think? Enough place?"
"I need to calculate it..." the officer was looking at the size of the tents and counting his fingers, "more than seventy junior officers, more than twenty intermediate officers, and four lead chiefs... that should be enough!"
"Enough is good! Enough is good!" I had the laugh, and my eyes hinted at Jack aside. Jack ran in small steps, he ran to find Martin Arthur with the number of the enemy officers.
"Do you want eat something first?" I asked someone to bring a bowl of thick meat soup over and gave it to the in magic armor officer, "you look like that you are very hungry. Just take off the armor!"
"I will wait for a moment!" he shook his head stubbornly, "the chiefs are not here yet, just give me some water." 
I looked at him drinking the water in gulps, I tried not to think anything in my mind. Basically, besides his bad looking, the rest of this officer are not too bad. I kept trying not to ask his name, because... killing, no matter what reason you have, afterwards you will always have some feeling more in you heart, a feeling hard to be dispelled, I don't like it. But if I don't know the other guy's name, maybe I can get rid of it a little bit quicker.
When he once again held the bowl up, the main force of the enemy  had begun to enter the camp.
"The chiefs are coming!" he put down the bowl and said tome, "let's go meet them."
We were on the trots, came to the front of the chief executive who was escorted by a group of bodyguards.
"Sir!" the officer gave a salute to the people on the horse, "the infantry battalion has gotten the foods and the rest place ready! I have already checked it, everything will be all right!"
"Where is their leader?" the man on the horse dressed in all white, he has a cold facial expression, this is my opponent?
"Sir!" It's my turn to play, "our chief and we went to meet you separately earlier! He that group didn't meet you. I've sent someone to notice our chief! He could get here in a moment!"
"Not in?" the white dress officer looked at me with suspicious eyes, he thought for a while and wanted to ask me again.
My heart almost jumped to my throat.
At this moment, an officer next to the white dress officer came close to him and spoke to him softly, "the soldiers are too tired, the horses also can't prop too much longer."
The white dress officer had no alternative but dismount, he spoke out the words that I have hoped for long, "go to have the meal and rest! No discharge, and no horse saddle off!"
"Somebody here!" I called the soldier aside, "take the chief's horse to the stable!"
"No need," the white dress officer handed his horse to one of his bodyguards, "your chief, Mr. Lecule, is he alright?"
"He's alright! But our chief executive's name is Vincent!" I answered loudly, I have already prevented that you would play this hand!
He nodded his head relieved, they walked into the tents prepared for them under my lead.
After I had arranged everything, I walked back out. From far away, I could see the cavalries were fastened their horses in succession, and then go to aside to eat. Only a small team was guarding dozens of horses loaded with large pockets at the camp center.
Marf came to my side, he whispered to me, "they have all come in, the camp gate has been shut down."
I nodded my head, I came to a small tent with Marf. 
The tent was full with people, everyone had a full face of sweat.
"What? Scared?" I was changing on my own black iron armor while I was teasing them.
"No, it's stuffy." Moah said with a bitter smile.
I had a "hey hey" smile, "I will take you out for some fresh air right away."
"Boss!" Marf looked at the outside through a small hole on the tent, "they are eating!"
"Let them eat satisfied!" I said, "otherwise it will waste the food."
"But..." Moah spoke slowly, "boss, let them to eat that kind of thing... We really can do it that way?"
"You remember, all of you remember." I looked at all the people around, "for me, as long as it can let my soldiers die some less, even just die one less! I'm willing to do anything! You also need to do like like this in the future, no matter what way, and no matter how others look at you, as long as it's for our advantage, you can do it! The other things like the personal fame or something... all throw them away for me from now on!"
"Yes!"
Who would know, this paragraph makes the first Chancellor of the duchy in the future, "the contemptible Chancellor"--Jack, but more people call him so.


9

We got close slowly toward the tent where the officers had their dinner from the back, the soldiers stood in the prior arranged positions one by one. The front row few people crouched down slowly, they gently pushed the soil on the ground aside, they found the rope heads from the underground and grasped them in hands tightly. 
I looked over to the watchtower at the camp center, a sentry over there gestured to me with a special technique in the fire light, he told me that the whole camp was ready now.
The long spear is in hand.
Martin Arthur, what are you waiting for? I was getting some worry...
Suddenly, dozens of issuing strong light magic fireballs almost appeared from both sides of the camp at the same time, they upset the silence of the night with the howling, they drew the flight curves with fire lights, and fell vociferously into the open-air dinning enemies.
In such large scale magic sneak attack, any efforts of the enemy were in vain. In fact, there not that many enemies perceived being attacked. More people only found that something's wrong when the fireballs fell on their heads, and they could only looked stunned at the fireballs to hit down. From their blank expressions to see, it seemed that they had no thinking at that moment.
Some fireballs directly hit on the ground, they made some loud noises and burst apart. The magical energy sealed in the fireballs by the sorcerers pushed the intensive flames to spread out around. The enemy hit directly by the fireballs was burnt into charcoal even too late to make a shriek, the sabre rattling flames walloped everywhere disorderly, the flame jumped, the sparks danced, they swallowed everything they met, burnt them, turned them into their own parts... 
The countless enemies with flame on the body rolled on the ground, they were howling, they were crying, they sent out the sounds no human can make, the voice was all filled with pain, panic, and fear... The twitches spread out in the night sky. The magic flame is not that easy to be put out, so not long later, such sounds were getting quiet in the raging fire. 
There three places had the enemy in the camp, they were all surrounded. The soldiers hidden in the tents and the underground appeared first, the soldiers hidden outside of the camp still kept coming in continuously.
The not burnt enemies gathered in couples and couples together in a very short time, they chewed down the last bite of food, and they grasped tightly the weapons in hands. Under the shine upon flames, they stared with their blood-red eyes at our soldiers marching toward them.
At that moment when the fireballs was flying in the sky, by my side, the holding ropes soldiers shouted in unison, and they put forth their strength to yank together. The other ends of the ropes were attacked to the poles of the tents which the officers dinned in. With the loud crash sound... The tents collapsed, the whole tent top smashed down and covered on the heads of these hapless people. The depressing snarls and exclamations came out through the thick tent.
"Kill!" the front row soldiers shouted loudly, the long spears in hands stabbed to the bodies which were still utmost struggling under the tents.
Once, twice... accompanied with the shrieks, the blood splashed out from the rows of the pricked out holes.
"Kill!" the soldiers behind rushed up, no matter the human forms under the tents were moving or not, a burst of disorderly knives or swords, all were cut into muddy flesh. 
This was almost a one-sided slaughter.
Most of the enemy officers were finished like this in a fog, their flesh and blood touched on the tents, became into pieces of stains.
With the sound "shua", that biggest tent was cut open a big hole by the sword, four enemy senior officers jumped out. Two of them waved their big swords fiercely to open a way in front, they rushed over to the place where I stood while protecting the in white dress officer. 
The behind one just had a slightly delayed action, he was immediately stabbed by seven or eight pikes, "Ah..." the raised highly by the pikes him was shot into a hedgehog by the archers.
"Despicable behavior!" the in white dress officer looked at me and scolded, "and only you Kone Cada would do things like this!"
"Nuts!" the regain original look me returned a compliment to him, "Blood of the losers, you are a loser!" 
"Is it over..." he took a look around, the turned pale lips trembled slightly. There were fires everywhere in the camp, everywhere had the shrieks coming.
"I want to have a fair fight!" he walked pass the two officers in front of him, his eyes stared at me straightly, "I! With! You!"
"As you wish!" I walked to the front, the black iron knife was drawn out of the scabbard and into my hand, "I hope you wouldn't let me down."
"For the noble's honor!" he waved the large sword dashed come over, "watch my sword!"
"For the noble's honor!" almost at the same time, the two officers behind him also rushed out to another direction.
Our knife and sword collided together, spattered out a few sparks, we both were jarred and pushed back a step at the same time. Several screeches came, that two officers had already died under the disorderly arrows.
"Shit!" I flicked my knife to cut over. The in white dress officer crossed his big sword, not only blocked my attack, but also "shua shua shua" attacked me three times with the sword, it's one more diabolic than another, he showed his own toughness enough.
I bit the bullet, held the knife with my both hands, picked up these three thrashing power hacks. I knew that he couldn't hold it too much longer, especially he ate the food I prepared for him, it contained some special stuff.
We fought together once again. My weapon let me took the great advantage, the black iron knife in the hand no matter the length or the weight is so appropriate, especially the forty cm long handle, let me easily to use the flexible moves. I beat the in white dress officer repeatedly stepped back. 
"Pick me up a move!" the breathing heavily in white dress officer was going to put all his egg in one basket. The poison food had the signs of attack, he was blue in the face and soaked with sweat.
"The fly freely in the worlds fire god! I beckon you, in my life for the exchange, borrow to use your great strength, for me clear the obstacles before..." he raised his sword up high, muttering incantations in his mouth, there was a ray of red light appeared on the blade, the red light was migrating on the blade, changing, and getting thicker and thicker, it looked that it was going to be full of the blade... 
"That's the fire dragon sword! Retreat quickly!" it came Martin Arthur's voice from far away.
"Fire dragon sword?!" I jumped out, grasped a pike from a soldier's hands aside, threw it out vigorously! The pike hit his chest, popped out through the back.
"Ah---" the chanting was interrupted, the punctured lungs didn't allow him to make any sounds. He looked at me, the eyes were full of contempt and unwillingness, the red light on the blade dispersed gradually.
I chopped my knife down, let his head and arm divorced with the body.
"Play magic with me? Fuck!" I didn't looked back, I brought the soldiers kill to the busy places directly. It needed us to be over there.
Now the camp was turned into hell, and we were the evils.
We came to the most intense fighting area, no one talked any bull craps, we all merged in the battle front. The enemies in this place were the last group to have the meal, they were still not poisoned yet. 
The big or small officers all stood first in line, they led the soldiers to fight with their rich experiences. It's different from last time we fought on the horseback, my soldiers coordinated with tacit understanding, according to the dilemmas.
Our soldiers tied the white cloth on the arm to inform the recognition, the spear solders, the sword soldiers, lined up the formation to impact at the enemy, the archers supported a few steps behind. The sorcerers used the floating magic at themselves, they attacked on the enemy in the air. The wing-men were busy flying around, they were armed with bows and arrows, they shot the breaking out of the encirclement enemies to death...
The resistance of the enemy was very severe, although their defeat was decided, although they had people vomiting blood by poisoned and falling down continuously, they were still fighting. They lined up tidy rows and rushed over toward us, and they also wanted to live. 
The people around you bellowed in a hoarse voice, stared with the red eyes, waved the weapon in hand by instinct completely. Obsessed with only one thing in your mind, Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill the enemy in front, then you can live! Kill! Kill! Kill!
All the goodness and ideal, worth less than the broken knife in the hand, redeem the soul? The future in life? No one considered all of these, they became not so important, as long as you can kill the enemy before his weapon reach on you body, that means you own everything... The pike stabbing, the sword and knife hacking, all the people have the same ferocious face, the body covered with blood stains. You don't even know they are yours or the enemy's. Even the blood cover you eyes, you don't have a free hand to wipe it off. The thick blood taste filled the air, it made everyone have to breathe with mouth. The armor punctured sound and the bones broken sound stimulated your eardrums...
Kill! You don't kill people, then people will kill you!
Three enemies rushed over to me. I sent my knife forward sneering, I stabbed it into an enemy's body, rowed it sideways, pulled out a large cut on his body. Then I turned the blade around, cut off anther guy's head. And then I hacked the knife transversely to force back that last enemy. I exited from the front, I had already known the situation in the front, I didn't need to stay there any longer.
Elsewhere in the camp had been quiet down. I shouted loudly, commanding the soldiers from elsewhere to throw the pikes at the enemy formations across our soldiers, this could reduce the pressure of the front.
Perhaps the long time killing blind my soldiers' eyes, or perhaps my voice was not that clear on the battlefield, or even perhaps the deep feelings the soldiers had among them. The soldiers behind threw with howling not only the pikes and swords in hands, but also the helmets and stones. If someone told them the head can hit the enemy to dead right then, I believed they would not hesitate to cut down their heads and throw them over there.
Blew by our absolute advantage, the enemy's resistance were getting weaker and weaker...
Finally... The last enemy was nailed firmly on the pike, he was raised up high by the soldiers as if it's a monument. 
He hung down his head powerlessly, his body was twitching, big strands of blood gushed out from the wound, all the way down along the pikes, it's very frightening.
The soldiers cheered, no matter whether they knew each other or not, they would drop down the tears of joy and clap on the shoulders each other with "ha ha" laughter, and they would embrace together. 
Held my extreme nausea feeling back, I found a place to drink the water crazily. Otherwise, or I would vomit...
"If you have a goodness heart, you don't go to the battlefield, you will perish,
If you have a great ideal, you don't go to the battlefield, you will die,
The dying people in the killing! Your soul would not be redeemed,
The surviving people in the killing! You life would be in deep darkness..."
……
"Sir! The enemy was all destroyed!" an officer found me, he reported to me very excited, "chief Martin Arthur is looking for you! Are you going to there now?"
I nodded to him, "Help me up!"
"Our casualties?" I asked him.
"It's still in statistics! There may be the results soon!" as he supported me to walk with his hands, and he said the words, "Sir, I saw your fighting scene! It's really neat."
A lot of officers surrounded together, when they saw that I approached to them, they all shut their original opened mouth.
"Our casualties are very small," Martin Arthur said to me, "none enemy escaped."
"Any alive?" I asked.
"Yes, but not that many." Martin Arthur answered me, "we are interrogating them now."
"Feed them the antidote first, let's talk about it after questioning them," I took off the helmet and scratched my head, I held back my turmoil thought, "move all the enemy's bodies together to one place to burn! Check all the spoils of war immediately, start off immediately after complete all the things!"
"Yes!" The officers answer me loudly, and then went to do their own parts separately.
"How do you feel?" Martin Arthur walked close to me, "you look like that you are a little bit uncomfortable."
"That's nothing," I waved my hand, "I just don't get well used to it, I will be alright a moment later."
"This is your battle, for your performance, you have done very well." Martin Arthur patted on my shoulder, "hold on, all your soldiers are watching at you!"
"Well!" I said, "then let's ride the horse to tour the camp!"
Looking at the soldiers humming ditties and checking their equipments to get ready to start off, I had a smile on my face. Yes, there were so many soldiers could go home safely, what else regret would I have? You can say, my officers and I saved many people's lives with our wisdoms. As for the soldiers of the other side... Since they are soldiers, they should understand that the death is a kind or traditional home for the soldiers. Once I thought this through, my mood also got easy up.
"Sir!" the soldiers raised their head high and saluted to me, their eyes were filled with reverence.
"How do you feel?" I smiled and returned the salute, “follow me this ‘despicable’ Sir?"
The battle had been over, there's no need to be so serious. But the soldiers didn't think of that I would joke this way, they all stared blankly.
"Sir! I don't know anything before!" a tall soldier answered loudly, "but now I make up my mind to follow you! I don't go anywhere, I don't go even you whip on me!" 
"Follow me?” I smiled, "as a 'despicable' soldier?"
"No, it's not like that!" the big guy answered me, "oh! I forgot to call you Sir, Sir! I think the war is not like the two men fighting, and not like the same as the duel. I can't read books, I don't know what to say. But I know the war is to win, as long as we can win, we can use any dirty tricks..."
An officer hit the big guy's head with his palm and interrupted, "what are you babbling about?!"
"Sorry! Sir, he didn't read any books before, please forgive him!" the officer said to me, “this guy is very brave! He killed more than ten enemies by himself, I just wanted to recommend him as a small captain.”
"What are you doing?" I and Martin Arthur looked at each other and had a smile, "who is going to do anything to him?"
"If your commander can't even take these words," Martin Arthur said aside, "how can he still be your leader?"
"The way he just wanted to protect you," I said to the big soldier, "it's also a dirty trick."
Heard my words, the group of soldiers opened their mouths widely to laugh.
"Hurry! Get ready!" the officer had a smile at me, and said loudly, "we will soon be starting off!"
The soldiers dispersed in a hubbub, I also rode with Martin Arthur toward the outside of the camp. 
From far away, a flute sound came over. Although it's very unfamiliar, but it had a rich sadness and deep nostalgic feeling in. My heart had a move, I decided to take a look over there.
In the empty space next to a small forest, a group of soldiers were putting forth their strength to dig some holes. Not far away from them, placed were the bodies of the soldiers who died in this battle, they were going to bury them nearby.
A young soldier sat on a battle drum, his slightly trembling hands were holding a blue flute. He blew the flute facing a dead body which had not had the face covered yet, the sorrow flowed out from his blue eyes unconsciously... the tears were still hanging on his face.
"Who is he?" after he finished the ditty, I walked over to ask him.
"Sir, he... Is my younger brother!" he looked at me with his empty eyes, he said with a trembling, "he's dead... never can see home again..."
I took a look around, there were people more or less standing by every dead body, that expression, that sight, made a person feel so sad. 
"Bury the soldiers' body nearby..." Martin Arthur whispered in my ears, "this is the tradition of all the troops now, the soldiers and the noble officers are not the same, not only their lives are humble, but also the treatment of after death are not the same."
"It's not my tradition!" I said, "the soldiers have already sacrificed their lives, I must bring them home!"
"Sir! What you said... Is true?" the soldiers surrounded to my side.
"Yes! As long as it is in my Kone Cada's troops!" I said loudly, "we will not leave any wounded and sacrificed soldiers' body behind! Never!"
The cheering sounded up, the sound shocked the sky!
Never leave any one behind, this became the real tradition of the Darkness forces, and it became the tradition of the future duchy forces!


10

There were a lot of spoils of war.
We not only recovered all the robbed ores, but also pocketed all the other goods and materials of the enemy too. Each soldier had to pick a portion from the mountain of materials to carry by himself, helmets, weapons... Fortunately, we kept all the enemy's horses, otherwise we had to dig a hole to bury all these things. Would it worry me to death?"
"Well," I straddled on the horse, "let's go."
The long line of the troop moved forward like a long winding snake, Martin Arthur and I alerted at the rear with two one hundred light cavalries teams. The camp behind had gone by the fire, in the strong wind, the fire flames lighted half of the sky. Because we were in the enemy territory, we didn't dare to stay too much longer. After a whole night wild run, until we stepped on the land of the Darkness, the hung highly heart was finally put down.
"Tired? It will be alright that I stay over here," Martin Arthur said to me, "you can go to the front!"
I nodded my head, and lift the helmet face guard, "well. Then you take care of here!"
Martin Arthur smiled and said to me , "no problem, you have to look out for those several guys."
Why did the people say that the red nose grandpa had the great experience? When I brought my guards passed near a small forest that our troop walked by, I saw the eight guards I just gave to the four clowns, they were standing at the edge of the woods like fools, but the like killing pig sound came out from the woods...
"Go go, go away..." the guards pushed away the curious passing-by soldiers with the knife, "nothing to watch."
"The sound inside, it's a little bit like Marf's." uncle Meza reminded me in a low voice.
That's right, the shout and wrangle sound is really like Marf's if we put it down two octaves. 
I urged the horse to approach a guard, I tapped on his helmet with the horsewhip.
"S... Sir!" the guard had the way like a caught thief, he had the quite dull reaction.
I nodded my head to him as the reply, "what are you doing over here?"
"Keep... watching, Sir!" he was difficult to swallow down a mouthful of spittle, the poor guy looked scared. 
I pointed at them wobbly with the horsewhip, "so, you are all the same?"
"Yes..." those guys had the looks like they were going to cry, "it's our chief's order."
"Uncle Meza! Catch the people inside to the outside here." I really wanted to know what these four clowns were doing, "drive these watching the fun people away."
"Yes!"
The thick and big uncle Meza turned over, get down from the horse, it took him three steps to walked into the woods. When he walked through the bush, the supple body let me feel very surprised. Immediately, the sound of whipping on human body and the snarling voice of uncle Meza came from inside of the woods.
"What are you doing? Get up! Get up! Do you still look like the officers?"
"Wow!"
"Who's that?"
It seemed like that somebody got the bad luck.
"Uncle Meza! Don't hit me!"
"Get out!" uncle Meza's voice had the irresistible majesty, "Viceroy Kone wants to see you guys!"
The first one ran out was Jack, he "He He" had a silly smile at me, and then ran to stand aside. He was touching the places where he was whipped on, I just noticed that his armor was messy.
And then were Moah and Hairt, they had the same embarrassed smiles, the same messy armors.
Strange, very strange, connected with uncle Meza's roar... Could it be said that, these guys in there... Molesting woman while in marching would be "crunched"! I wrinkled my eyebrows, my heart had been thinking about by what way to void the crime for these guys. 
With "Pa" the sound, a stripped to only underwear on guy was thrown to the front of my horse, "he was pinned down bellow."
My head had the "Buzzing" sound, indeed...
"Bo... Boss!" that guy looked up and talked to me, incredibly it was Marf, "they bully me..."
Although my brain couldn't come over to react right away, but I knew that they didn't have to lose their heads at least, because the military laws didn't have enough time to write down what crime the molesting a man would be.
It was really god bless, even though he didn't do anything.
"Banana your apple!" knowing nothing serious, but I get the angry on, I dragged Marf to the woods, he should not stay on the road where people come and go with this look.
"What are you looking at?" while I was kicking Moah and Jack, I was scolding at those guards, "keep watching!"
"What's the matter?" when we got to the deep woods, I pointed at those bastards' noses, my face also turned into blue.
"It's like this, boss!" Hairt said to me in a hurry, "you don't get angry first!"
It seemed that they still remembered, I rarely got angry with my brothers, of course the angry times was in proportion to the intense rates. The last time I got angry was when I was got cheated to steal the apples in the childhood.
"Say it!" I said almost in roar, these bastards made my brain hurt, "what are you doing?"
"When we got to outside of the woods," Jack held his smile back, he compensated the carefulness to me, the language became particularly concise, "Moah took off his helmet, he said that it's hot!"
"Yes yes!" Moah shook his head hard, he had the sweats all over his forehead.
"Then Marf made fun of Moah, said he didn't know how to pick the armor!" Hairt kept the talk on.
"And then he began to boast how good his armor is," Jack saying, "he said that how graceful bearing when he is wearing that."
I looked at the pathetic Marf, a ravaged cruelly appearance, where's the bearing? And graceful?
"We asked and asked! Finally I know that he borrowed my money to get the good relationship with the master, and then he got this fit armor!"
"And he also stole two bottles of wine that Hairt hid under his own bed..."
My head began to get bigger, "tell the point!"
"Yes! So we dragged him into the woods, stripped off his armor! And beat him up! Over!" Hairt told the consequence.
After all it was like that, it seemed that no one was interested in Marf's bottom, I should be glad, but why I was getting more and more angry? The hand held the whip tighter and tighter?
"Boss... they still said," Marf complained to me with the crying sound, "the flesh on me is not too much and not too less, the hand feel of beating me is very good..."
"We just finished the fierce battle..." I spoke out what I wanted to say word by word, I lifted my holding whip hand up slowly, "have you thought about what the problems in the battle are, how to remedy after the battle, you still have the mood to play?"
The whip dropped down, the shrieks ten times higher than that earlier sounds echoed in the woods.
"Ah! Boss!"
"We don't dare in the future!"
"Still have future?"
"No... Ah!"
............
I rode on the horse, three clowns followed by my side, Marf was busy to put on the armor, so he was left behind.
"Ha ha!" Jack was the one stayed with me the most of time in these few people, he knew that my anger was almost over, "boss, you don't need to taut your face."
"Go away!"
"Don't do this to us! Boss..." Jack saw the chance, he immediately stuck to come over, "you taut your face any longer, my this little mind can't bear that..."
"You are an officer now!" I didn't have the good temper, "don't make the grinning cheekily!"
"Oh!" Hairt kept the talking, "that means we can't be brothers any more, Sir?"
"Ah?" Moah pretended surprised, "then I don't want to be an officer! I just want to be brothers with Kone.
The offensive and the defense, they cooperated really well.
I stopped the horse and spoke slowly, "do you have any dreams? For the future?"
"Dream...?" Jack blinked his eyes, "Bro, do you have any?"
"I have," Moah nodded his head, "to raise you. How about you? Hairt?"
"Me? I never thought about it well."
"It doesn't matter that you don't have it right now, you will have it in the future." I said, "no matter want to possess the money, the beauty, the power, or the free life. People will always have the dream."
"Does this have any relation with us now?"
"There is!" I answered with a serious tone that I rarely had before, "to fulfill your dream, you must have the strength! You can fulfill your dream just laying in the bed every day?"
"Our elder generation said it right, this is a trouble times and a chaos world." my eyes swept on everyone's faces, "if you don't have the strength, don't mention to fulfill your dream, you even can't keep yourself alive! What is the strength? The troops in our hands now is the strength! I can't manage all of them by myself, I need your helps."
"Even if you don't say, we still will help you." Moah said, "you are our boss!"
"Talk about the boss," I smiled with bitterly, "I hope that you all can come out from the back of me this boss."
"Ah? Why?" Hairt said in a hurry, "even though I always want to rob my original position back, but I am also just thinking about it! Boss, please don't abandon us!"
"I don't mean to abandon you guys, our friendship will be existed forever, it won't ever change."
"But you..."
"You think about it, if we keep going like this, ten years later, twenty years later, what language it will be when the others introduce you?"
"......"
"This is Mr. Hairt, Kone Cada's good friend." I pointed at them one by one and said, "This is Moah, this is Jack, this is Marf, they are all Kone Cada's good friends. Do you feel very good?"
"What's wrong with it?" Marf asked.
"I hope my brothers all will be the famous people in the world! Of course, with his own name to be famous in the world!" I laughed, "right then, I will be very glad that I am your boss! To be introduced as your friend!"
"Want to be lazy just say it clearly!" Hairt understood finally, he went away with an excuse, "the speaking is still beat around the bush!"
You big banana, give you some sunlight you will be brilliant!
"But I still have something not quite understand..." Marf said with mumble and sputter.
"Wear your armor well!" Moah also understood, "keep thinking again!"
"Oh!" Marf was left behind again.
The mountain road was winding, when we passed a bend corner, we saw a lot of people were blocked in front of a mountain pass.
"Hairt!"
"Yes!"
"Go take a look what is happening!"
A moment later, Hairt turned and came back.
"Boss, there's a car broken in the mountain pass."
"You and Moah go to handle it."
"Yes!"
"Infantry!" Moah went to the front and commanded loudly, "bypass from the ridges of both sides of the mountain pass!"
This mountain pass was not that high, this command was not that hard to carry out neither.
The infantries began to climb to the top of the mountain, we brought several guards passed through a few cars which carrying the wounded to go to the mountain pass.
"What's the matter with it?" Hairt asked by the side of a car across on the road in front.
Two people climbed out from underneath of the car, "Sir! The axle is broken."
"Can't you lift the car to the side of the road!?"
"Sir! It would be alright... right away!"
Hairt nodded his head, "you'd better hurry up, or I will give you a lesson!"
That's right! If he could do it this way, which officer would dare to be giggly all day?
Passed around the broken carriage, Jack said with a feeling, "Hairt and Moah had very powerful momentum just now!"
"If you want to, you can also be like me!" Hairt turned his head back and said.
"Chi!" Jack said with a scorn, "I don't want to be your that kind!"
"There are many kinds of momentums?" Moah asked.
"Of course, I have had the statistics." Jack's counting fingers look was very cute, "the grandeur type, the awe-inspiring righteousness type, the majestic-looking type, the guileless affinity type... and the strut in borrowed plumes type, the bully under the protection of a powerful person type..."
"Then what type you choose?" Hairt tried very hard to hold back his laughter.
"I want to choose the suave type, but not willing to give up the heroic spirit type... I was going to choose the graceful bearing type yesterday... But I was beat up for this just now, it's really difficult!" 
I had to bowed my head in a hurry to fight back the laughter, but my shoulders were still twitching involuntarily, mostly because of somebody's "graceful bearing" thing.
I raised my head up and had a glance at Marf by accident, but found that Marf had his face turned very pale in an instant!
"Watch up over the head!" Marf shouted loudly!
"Off horse, get down!" almost at the same time, I shouted out too!
Marf followed far behind, he could see that a light dark cloud generated very quickly over our heads. And I, what I heard was the "Zee Zee" strange sound from overhead.
I was very grateful the trainings uncle Turnasi and uncle Webber to us in my mind, because at the moment when the danger arrived, the result of our past few years' training was shown incisively and vividly. Hairt leaned to his side and fell to the ground directly, Jack made a weird sound and flipped backward down, Moah and I both lowered our heads, the body had a press and then an incline, the hands held on the horse neck to slipped fall to the ground.
"Pa! Pa!" more than ten arm thick flashing lightning were striking out white light and drew the winding snake type lines on the sky, they stroke the vicious assaults on us!
"Fuck! Going to die!" I said with a wry smile.


11

The shrill cries rang half way and suddenly stopped, a too late to hide guard was struck by a lightning bolt with his horse together, in a second, he was struck into pieces of black debris by the second lightning bolt.
We could only had our bodies bonded tightly to the ground, let the many broken pieces which were splashed up by the lightning struck on the ground fell on the bodies, and let the faces covered with dust. The closely associated horses for the last couple days... had all disappeared.
"Marf!" I yelled out loudly.
"The great ice storm!" the behind Marf jumped to the sky from the horse back, he shot four flickering white light arrows at the left mountainside in one time, "left side!"
"Enemy attack!" the fell back to the ground Marf pulled the arrows from his back, and gave the warning loudly. The Great Ice Storm? Maybe he could use that in five more years, but just now those were only the normal ice arrows.
Marf's cheating won some time for us, I had to grasped it firmly. No matter who were the attackers, if they had an earth class wizard, gave us something like earth wrath, then that would be really game over. 
"Moah, Meza! right side! Hairt come with me!" I got up from the ground with hands and feet and dashed over to the hillside, Hairt followed behind me with a roar. Although the attackers were from the left side, but we also had to guard against the right side.
When we almost got to the hillside, the second wave of the magic attacks was coming. This time it was not the dark clouds, it's just a share of lightning, but, it's too big! Moreover, it struck toward me sideway from the sky!
I pulled the knife out with my left hand like crazy, and I threw the knife scabbard to over my head. At the same time, threw myself forward.
Attracted by the thrown to air scabbard, the lightning slightly changed a bit of direction, with "pa" a loud bang, the black iron scabbard was hit into pieces, the rest of the lightning blasted out a big hole on the ground.
I seemed to be kicked by somebody, the originally almost touched the ground body was blown to fly and fall on the hillside by the explosion. What kind of person? No need the chanting to use the magic?
I bit my teeth, bowed my waist, the hands held the ground and stood up, I rushed to a grove on the slope.
"The Great Ice Storm!" a few ice arrows flied over my head, it's Marf supporting me. Moah and uncle meza's shouting were spread over from the right slope, the walking in the hillside infantries were shouting loudly to blunt come over too, however, compared with the powerful lightning, their speed was too slow.
"By myself!" I said to myself secretly, it's not far from the grove.
A black figure jumped out from the woods, he shook the axe in his hand, Marf those "Great Ice Storm" arrows were crashed onto the ground. A dwarf! You are a dwarf, why do you need to jump that high?
Another guy in a black cloak stood up from the hiding bush, he lifted the silver bow in his hand, and struck away Marf's last "Great Ice Storm". His right hand then buckled the bowstring, a black arrowhead aimed at me.
"Sa tou yi--" that first jumped out guy fell on the ground, nobody knew what was talking in his mouth, he swayed his axe at me.
Could you be slower a bit? I hadn't stood steadily yet!
I lifted my knife to block, made use of the coming power from the dwarf axe, rolled a round on the ground, and then ran away around his left side.
"Ao!" the dwarf might feel not that great, he made a roar and chased after me closely. Chase me? With your those two short legs? Shit!
The black cloak archer saw that I was running toward him, he was still very calm, that arrow on the silver bow was still aiming at me exactly the same.
"SA tou yi--" the axe dwarf behind me jumped up once again, I didn't need to look back, his axe might be splitting at my head with the wind sound.
Defy death! I turned around and put the mountain knife over my head to meet the dwarf, I shouted loudly once again, "Marf!"
The dwarf jumped very high, he never thought that I would stop suddenly and turn around. In a moment, he passed over my head, and fell to his predetermined place very helplessly. In this little time, Hairt had already arrived.
"The Great--Ice--Storm!" Marf's voice came up once again.
You still playing this? Your big watermelon, can you play something else? I almost cried out. I and Hairt took a look at each other, then the sword and knife killed to the dwarf one left and one right.
The just landed on the ground dwarf couldn't stand still yet, he was hacked by Hairt's heavy sword and took a step back. He hadn't got his breath back yet, I turned my blade, and had already left a big cut on his shoulder. This is the result of the training we had together, the effect of one plus one is greater than two.
When it's my turn to attack, with the sound "snap", the archer shot his first arrow since he showed up. He worked it very well, either I kept attacking, I would be hit by an arrow; or I didn't attack, the dwarf would hold back the initiative.
I didn't have too much to think, I still hacked the knife in my hand down heavily, at the same time I adjusted the direction of my body, I moved my heart some distance away from the original place where the arrow aimed at, I could only do so much.
"Mmm!" the pain was killing! The arrow shot through my shoulder, left a blood hole on it, fuck, what kind of person! What I was wearing is the black iron armor!
The dwarf got hit by Hairt's sword once again, or he was more miserable, the right arm just connected the shoulder with a layer of skin only. Hairt should be able to take care of him all by himself, my opponent had now become that archer. In this distance, if I blunt rushed over there, he should have the time to shot one more arrow, but concerned about his archery, one arrow would kill me this little life.
And... the sorcerer behind him!
How should I do? If I don't rush to there, I would be definitely dead.
Well, I would do what I can do to reverse this seemingly hopeless situation. My eyes had a stare, I rushed over toward the archer.
"The Great Ice Storm!" Marf began to give me the "powerful support" once again.
Heard the weak voice, the archer smiled grimly, the arrow in his hand was not put on the bowstring. I knew, he would block away Marf's arrows first and then shoot me to dead, a good archer can pull the bowstring and aim instantaneously.
"Ah!" I ran faster and faster, the archer smiled colder and colder.
Marf's arrow flight over my head, I also lifted my knife over my head, come on! Even if I would be shot through my heart by your arrow, I still would also drag you to die together!
The archer had his bow a block, it collided with the arrows shot by Marf together. After a clear and crisp sound, Marf's arrows were blocked and flied away. And then he squat his body down, put his right leg backward, placed the bow stance and put the arrow on the bowstring, and pulled the bowstring and aimed at...
He accomplished the whole movements at one go, it's very handsome and cool.
"Ah! Ah!" I shouted and blunt rushed near to him, he didn't shoot the arrow out. Everyone knows the truth that the closer the arrow will be more accurate, my heart twisted into a chunk.
"Ah! Ah! Ah!" I blunt rushed over closer, the arrow were not shot out yet! I saw his lips moved slightly, my face was getting numb to it. He still added the magic on the arrow? Shit, this time I would die very ugly.
"Ah! Ah! Ah?" when I blunt rushed over to the place almost couldn't be closer, the arrow hadn't been shot out over yet! My eyeballs nearly fell down, he ate something wrong? Or he had other conspiracy?
"Ah--" I didn't stop my feet, I rushed to his side like a gush of wind, I finally knew the answer.
"Great... Ice...Arrow... it... is... really... the... Great... Ice... Arrow..." I swear to god, he was saying like this, "cheat... me... dirty..."
My brain couldn't find a reasonable explain for this fact, but I think my facial expression might be very idiotic, because I just reminded myself that I should give him a cut with the knife after I ran to behind him.
His body was frozen by the great ice, the without head body still maintained that position even after he fell down slowly, handsome, really very handsome, absolutely handsome to the fullest into the failure.
I rushed into the woods.
A sorcerer in black robe stood quietly in a small vacant place in the woods, he wore a mask on his face. 
"Are you waiting for me?" finally I could see face to face with this guy, this let my whole body relaxed down. While I was observing the situation around, I spoke to him, "if you don't want to die, kneel down to me."
"There's no other people around, you don't need to be nervous." he had a very low voice, "when I came to here, I have already prepared for the death. If I can go back alive, of course it's the gift of god, it's nothing to deal with whether kneel down to you or not."
"Take a look at what situation you are at right now," I put my mountain knife on my shoulder, stepped forward and said, "your men are all over, you destiny is in my hand. Kneel down."
"Yes, they are all over." the sorcerer took a look around, "there's only me left over here."
"In this close distance, you don't have enough time to use magic." I laughed, "but, it should be possible for you to use the lightning kind or something."
Outside of the woods, large group of the infantries had arrived, I could even hear the step sounds of my brothers, the dwarf didn't make any sounds out after a roar.
"Really?" the sorcerer laughed too, "what do you say about the magic which have already been used then?"
With his words, the trees and vines grew like mad by the side, they grew into an green protective overhead screen mobbed us in instantly.
"See that?" he raised his head a bit, "it will take some time for your people to open this barrier."
"I hate green!" saw that I sent a fireball but with no result to these vines, I said hatefully, "but you don't need to worry, I'll make you satisfied!"
"I think so too." he said slowly, "put aside your other things not to talk about, just speak of only your mind, response and fighting skill, you are very excellent."
"You shrink in here like a turtle..." I replied to him, "who are you?"
"I can tell you." he talked slowly, "I'm a sorcerer very good at the magic of thunder class and nature class. And the thunder class is my best in all. Of course, as a sorcerer work for money, I know a bit of the space magic for escape after I have finished my jobs."
"Your magic can be used without any chanting?"
"Need."
"You lie to me? You think that I couldn't hear the sound?"
"There's a little time left," he said, "I will let you die understood."
"Fuck... Tell your bullshit!"
"As for a blood-sucking vampire race people, the rude language won't let me excited." he pulled down the hat of the cloak, took off the mask, a pale thin face was shown in front of me. He had a smile at me, a few of sharp teeth proved his identity.
"The... Vampire?" I was shocked, "You?"
"Yes, I'm earl Tario of the Azure Jade vampire race."
"Wait a minute! Your chief and I are good friends!"
"Sir Kone," he seemed to be absent-minded wiping his mask, "what you said is the White Feather vampire clan, they are our enemy for generations."
Enemy?
"You don't need to doubt about that, the people sneak killed you at the outside, one is the Dark Dwarf knight and one is the Roar Elf archer. Even they are used to entice you to be here, but I still despised you. You come to here so quickly, I barely have time to prepare every thing."
"You... You mean," I was a little confused, "these races are all split?"
"Of course."
"Fuck!"
The soldiers at the outside were trying their best to cut the vines, my brothers' anxious cries also came continuously.
"This is a senior nature class magic, the name is 'the Green Protection'. It's according to my will with the magic to stimulate the plants to grow in extreme speed. It can last for an hour." he explained to me, "with the years' experience for my using it, I can finish the chanting in advance, garnish with another nature magic to restrain the growth of the plants. It's same as just now, I just canceled the inhibiting magic after you came in here. So you couldn't hear my chanting."
"What about the thunder class you hit us earlier?"
"My thunder chanting is the best, with this, the Thor's Hammer." he took his both hands out from the wide cloak, his hands are holding two little hammers.
I took a look carefully, the two black hammers were almost exactly the same, they were the mini version of the war hammer.
"This is a powerful artifact." he waved the black hammers in his hands, "with this, I can use the magic without any chanting."
"Not bad! Is this all of your property?" I played the drums in my heart, I didn't thought of this sorcerer is so fierce, which guy said that the sorcerer close fighting ability is almost equal to zero?
"So far, I haven't..."
Have not waited for him to finish his talking, I kicked my foot which I stuck into the underground at him fiercely, it brought up a lot of dust between two of us to block his vision. From his talking, I knew who I met today were all very good sorcerer or fighter.
"Pa" a lightning bolt ripped on the ground where I just stood on, the dust splashed everywhere.
I kept changing the positions, sent out one and one wind blade magic, and hoped that could delay him some time.
"The elf in the woods, shake your white figure, diffuse around here, put on the bright eyes for me, block the enemy's vision for me." I was still in chanting, I felt that I had a numbness on my bottom, a flash of lightning was blasting under my feet! It's fortunately that my magic fog also diffused to come.
In a moment, the strong wind arose over here, the lightning accompanied by the thunder, the suffused dust became my savior. I was jumping around in the flying sand and stones.
"Let's play a game!" he didn't stop what he's doing, his words were more powerful, "the loser will lose everything."
After I jumped around several times, I found that there's something wrong, why the lightning split closer and closer to me! Often the body had a slightly numb, and then the white lightning was coming up next.
"Fuck!" I started to take off my black iron armor while I was running circle, I believed that I found out every time before the arrival of the lightning, that bastard would send out some very fine small lightning first, these small lightning would disappeared after they hit my armor in a flash. As a thunder class sorcerer, he might be to use this way to know my exact location. 
The messy armor was pieces everywhere, this way, the small lightning could never find me again.
I crouched on the ground, slowly to put down the black iron knife, lightly to take off two daggers from my feet. The left one was Wilsa's father gave to me many years ago, the right one was the dwarf master attached to the knife.
"From now on," I spoke to myself and squat up slowly, "I must be careful."
"It's almost the time, let's finish the game. Don't think that you are safe even I can't find you." in the fog, Tario said, "I'm a thunder class sorcerer, I have very strong resistance to the thunder class magic! Watch my mass thunders magic!"
In a moment, the countless lightning split down from the sky strive to be the first, I just threw the black iron dagger at where Tario was speaking, the first lightning bolt had already split on the ground.
"Ah!" Tario made a sound out, he seemed to fell down on the ground. Bingo!
"Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!..." this was my voice, I was hit by countless lightning bolts, pain, numb, and rough... It's really painful in the neck. The problem was, there were so many lightning, they just couldn't split me to dead.
"Fuck...you..." the lightning were finally over, I laid on the ground so exhausted, I didn't even want to move a finger. Since when gotten beat became so physical?
"The spirit of the wind, come achieve your promise to me, blow the fog in front of my eyes, give my clear vision back..." this was Tario's voice. 
The heavy fog was blown away, Tario came to me with a jump and a jump, unkempt appearance, the clothes turned into the beggar's outfit, and was hung on the body.
"Hey...Hey..." I had a hollow laugh, my whole body was so in pain like been cut by a knife.
Tario was scared to sit his bottom on the ground, "You ... You are still alive!"
"My good son! I still... not die yet..." I struggled to get up, but my body just had a move and fell down.
"Even I was harmed to this way by the lightning, you still haven't died unexpectedly..." Tario sat on the ground, he lifted the hammers expressionlessly, "I admire you!"
With the sound "Pa", a flash of lightning hit directly on my chest.
I was hit a flip by the lightning, I became face down when I fell on the ground.
Another lightning bolt hit my back, the pain made me too busy to count the numbers.
It finally stopped.
"Poof" I spitted out a big gush of blood, I even didn't have the strength to raise my head, even the eyelids all became so heavy, I had to use all my energy to keep them in this open condition, I did really want to fall into sleep like that.
"Hey hey..." Tario also seemed to have some not light wound, "Blood! Blood!"
I sided my head to see that he was climbing to me step by step, I couldn't help to think of that the vampire race people needs a lot of blood once after they use magic. Your mother's big apple, you are not climbing over to suck my blood?
Tario climbed to my side, he put his wounded leg well with his both hands, he licked his lips with his tongue.
"You lost," he pulled my collar, looked me in the eyes and said, "I am the winner, I should have the good treatment.


12

"What's this?"
Tario wanted to grab my heart out, but not only his sharp nails couldn't pierce through my next to skin magical armor, but also his palm was blocked by a round object put aside on my right chest.
"......" I didn't have the strength to answer him.
"This... Is the Earth Armor!" Tario checked my soft armor inside and outside, he sounded not that calm, "where did you get this from?"
"......"
"It's mine now!" he began hurry scurry to take off my armor, "no wonder I can't make you die by using the lightning..."
He shook my body fiercely, I tried to hold that luxuriant dagger tight, but couldn't help to let it slipped to the ground, "Poof" it stuck in the ground.
"Vampiric Touch... It's really the Vampiric Touch... One of two matching weapons for the ancient vampire race patriarch..." he wiped the dirt off from the dagger's handle carefully, then he kissed the gems on it devoutly, he rubbed the dagger's handle on his face slowly, and he had his eyes flashed with tears, "you... where did you get this from?" 
The last weapon for resistance was lost, I looked at him woodenly, I didn't want to say a word.
"It's mine now!" Tario didn't even think about it and tried to put the dagger into his arms, but then he found himself dressed in rags, so he had to put it on the ground by his side unwillingly.
I could reach my hand out and get the dagger, but I didn't even have the strength to move a finger now.
"You must have some other things!" Tari's eyes swept over my body up an down, as if he was the thief pursuing the treasure, "I know! You can't cheat me! Yes! I know!"
"Ha ha ha! The Necklace of the Dragon Race! My god-- it's the Ice Tear Stone!" Tario cried out loud. 
He pulled the necklace out of my neck, his sound had one octave higher, and then he gave me a slap on the face!
"You this fool!" he yelled at me, had a whole face flushed with anger, "you even put the Ice Tear Stone on the Necklace of the Dragon Race!"
Beaten by a box on the ear for no reason, I was very annoyed, I asked him with all my strength, "What... What's wrong with it?"
"Of course it's not right! It's far more than not right, it's really an extreme mistake!" he was almost getting mad, "how dare you to treat these magic treasures like this! It can’t be forgiven, it can’t be forgiven! They are all mine now!"
It seemed that Tario was really a taking treasure like life guy. After he pick up the necklace, he had his eyes a turn, and looked at a blue belt horizontal bind on my chest. That was Wensly accidentally once saw I use an ordinary bag to hold the magic beast egg, then she sewed it with the Lola sisters for me, it's quite delicate.
"Magic beast egg?" he was checking it very careful, "but it's almost awaken... But this tied the egg to the front of the chest band is quite nice!"
"It's mine now!" he grasped it vigorously, "you no longer need it anyway."
When I was young, I thought that hanging the egg in front of the chest is very inconvenient, so I often took it down. After Wensly persuaded me many times with no effort, she made this belt one more function, that is, I couldn't take it down before the moment the magic is hatched.
"What's the matter with it!" Tario couldn't dragged it down after he tried it a few times, he seemed very impatient, he grabbed the hammer aside and knocked it down mercilessly. 
Accompanied with a severe pain, the magic beast egg didn't break, but an ice-cold feeling "flowed" into my body from the magic beast egg, it spread out to the arms and legs in my body. Everywhere it passed through, the kind of paralysis and the powerlessness that the body was damaged left by the thunder class magic were relieved a lot. 
Although I didn't know what's going on, but I knew clearly that this would be my last chance. In order to let him knock several times more, I began to look at Tario with the provocative eyes.
Tario couldn't knock the magic beast egg broken in one hammer, he also stared blankly a bit. Felt my provocative look in the eyes, he seemed to think that his pride was hurt seriously, so he gave the magic beast egg one more hammer.
Maybe this is called a wise man can be ruined by his own wisdom? Tario was such a calm people, he had already lost in the pile of the treasures, he just tried to beat the magic beast egg with his heart and soul. But he didn't know, with his knocks, the puffs of energy came from the magic beast egg were slowly treating my injury. And the traces of power were also piled up in my body slowly.
I twisted my finger and felt that it's almost the same. But I was not so sure that my strength was enough to pick up the dagger, so I had to let him to do me a little favor.
"Don't hit on it... anymore." I said, "it... can be... untied."
"Said it!" Tario held his right hand high and was going to give the magic beast egg a fierce one, heard my words, and replied to me impatiently.
"It's... That..." my voice was getting lower and lower. With the identity of an earl, he would not fall down his body to listen a person to speak.
Sure enough, Tario grasped my hair with his left hand to pull me up, "Louder! Ah..."
At the moment when he pulled me up, I grabbed the dagger from the ground and stabbed it into his chest, the sharp dagger didn't let me used too much power to stab it in till to the handle. But to make me more surprised, puffs of life power surged to me along the handle.
"Ah--" the muscles in Tario's face kept twitching in the shrieks, the original pathological face was aging rapidly, it's more ferocious. The dagger in my hand was sucking his life! Is this the special ability of the Vampiric Touch? In that case, I could soon recover my physical strength, I surely would win!
"Hey... Hey," I smiled and said to him, "you definitely will die. The winner is me!"
"Let's die... together!" Tario made some vague voices in his mouth, "The God... of Destroy... Break..."
Shit, I almost forgot incredibly that this enemy in front is a sorcerer with deep attainments, and this kind of people, they usually have the last trait to die with the enemy.
"No!" I quickly covered his mouth with my both hands in a muddle, the chanting for the God of Destroy is very long, I would see how you would finish it! Looking at the moaning but couldn't make a sound Tario, I laughed again. 
The smiling very happy me found that his eyes were flickering with the different colors, that's clearly three words "you got cheated"!
Felt the pain in my chest, I looked down at it, the Thor Hammer hit right on the magic beast egg on my chest. The hammer had a series of current on the flow, they sent out the “Zee Zee" sounds, I felt my body was getting numb again.
In his current condition, I could catch his holding hammer right hand absolutely, but I was scared confusedly by his nonsense. Now, I got hit again!
"I can't... Win," Tario said intermittently, "you don't... want to... win neither!"
"Bitch!" I scolded.
"One another... One anther!" he replied me. 
The current around on the Thor Hammer was getting thicker and thicker, and it flowed quicker and quicker, a point of white light flashed once on the Thor Hammer, and then a flash of white light appeared in the cloud, it shined on the Thor’s Hammer directly, and a violent explosion occurred between two of us immediately.
*  *  *  *  *
"Wake up..."
Where is this place? I... What is happening?
"Wake up..."
Who? Who is calling me? Don't make any noise, I'm very tired.
"Wake up! Stupid head!"
A can't defy thought came at me, it made my consciousness back.
Of course the first thing I wanted to do was open my eyes, but... how come I don't have eyes to open. The second thing I wanted to do is stretch out my hand and scratch my head, but I have no hands to stretch and no head to be scratch neither.
Can't it be? Surely it doesn't mean that, I'm... dead again??
"You are not dead yet, but it's also almost about." a long-gone dignified voice sounded up.
"Cotton Candy!" I was overjoyed, "is it you? I know it's you!"
"I told you not to call me like that! Cotton Candy tried hard to maintain her own majesty.
"Why do you bother about this! I say, we haven't seen each other for a long time." I was very glad to hear Cotton Candy's voice, "oh right, my there... I mean my body, how is it now?"
"Want to know? Your body hit by the current, it was turn into... almost the same as the roast duck that you familiar with in your former life." Obviously, Cotton Ball know that there is useless to talk about majesty with me, so there is a little bit more of the humorous style in his words, "Crispy skin and crunchy flesh, savory outside and tender inside, it absolutely is the best necessary goods for at home or in traveling...."
"Alright!" I was very impatient to listen to him, "what else good can't be said? Just only pick the advertisings from my former memory? And the ones have no creative ideas. Good quality and competitive price is not suitable to be used on my body!"
"......"
"What? It's good to be a roast duck?"
"......"
"Come on! Love life, love roast duck. You can also speak out the words like these?"
"......"
"Please, don't say anything more."
"......"
"Help--!"
"Well! I should use this way to deal with you this kind of life!" Her tone was full of endless satisfaction, "otherwise your tail will warp to the sky next time when I see you again."
"You said... Next time when we meet again? Then it means I'm not dead yet!"
"Don't be so happy that early! You can say that your more than ten  years over there were all wasted!"
"This... Has some excuses!" I was a bit embarrassed.
"What you thought of the reasons all can't be excuses! Think about what you said to me right then!"
"Said... What?" in a moment, who can think of anything?
"If I can live one more time, just once more, I am sure I can do it much better." Cotton Candy said, "is this what you said?"
"Yes, it's what I said."
"Then did you do it a little bit better this time?"
"I... I..."
"I gave you what you need, but you didn't keep your promise!"
"......"
"Did you forget the reason and motivation of your reborn? There's a word in your memory ‘forget the past means betrayal’, right?"  
Listened to Cotton Ball's words, my former life's experience floated in my heart involuntarily, the joys and sorrows of life, and so on and so forth...
"Sorry!"
"The rascal viceroy could say this word too? Fantastic!"
"Sincerely, Cotton Candy."
After a moment of silence, Cotton Candy got her tone lighter, "those stay with you together lives, they brought your body back to the called "Darkness" place, some lives are trying their best to treat your body."
"Any hops to cure?"
"Solve your own problems first! Think about why you are here first, before you can think it through, I'm not going to send you back. Besides you, I have other things needed to watch, it's not often to have the chance to save you when you are in danger." Cotton Candy said, "if you have anything you don't understand, you can ask me." 
"I know." I answered her, I really needed to think it well.
*  *  *
"Cotton Ball, why my magic always can't be improved?"
"To speak about your body, your body is occupied by other forms of energy, you don't have more rooms to develop magic this form of energy." Cotton Ball explained to me, "But to concern about your consciousness, that's because your trace of the former life is too heavy, you are not completely dissolving into your reborn environment."
"The other forms of energy?"
"Yes, your so-called internal strength and the free energy you absorbed when you were floating in the universe are all the forms of energy. They just have the difference in the form of expression."
"Then I... Can use the magic form to display these forms of energy?"
"You can go back there to try it later." Cotton Candy said, "but you'd better to do it step by step."
"Step by step?"
"Yes, let's take a look at this."
Series pictures appeared without any warning, it's the combat process of me and Tario.
"Ah..." I didn't know that Cotton Candy even had this hand.
"Frankly, the energy this life can send out is really weak, but you have no way to deal with him."
Weak? That's compared with you!
"You have objection? Good! You take a look at this, little guy." along with Cotton Candy's words, the picture had changed, "how do you feel now?"
"It can be like this! Can I really do it?" I saw that I split Tario into two halves in the picture, I was very surprised.
"With your heart, you can do it absolutely."
"With... Heart, with heart!" I am power and prestige in the picture, extremely arrogant.
"This is only one kind of energy form in the many kinds you have owned, how to use other kinds of energy, it's up to yourself."
"Then what about you said that I didn't dissolve into the reborn environment?
"It means after you woke up, the language, behavior, and thought all still follow your former life's models.”
"What's wrong with it?" I asked.
"The environment you are living in right now is not the same with the original's."
"Yes."
"But you're still the same original you."
"......"
"You don't think there's anything wrong with that? Whether you adapt to the environment simpler, or the environment adapts to you simpler?"
"......" I still indulged in the thinking.
I didn't know how long it had been, Cotton Candy woke me up from the thinking. She told me, my vacation stopped here thus far.
"But I still have some problems that I didn't think them well..." I said.
"Two choices!" Cotton Candy didn't have any bull crap with me, "or you go back to your body to keep thinking; or you just stay over here to think, and your body is buried into earth to get rotted."
"I go back!"
............
"Little guy, you remember," Cotton Candy said to me with the most kind tone in this meeting, "there will be many different experiences in the life course, don't be discouraged, don't be depressed, stand up to them."
"I know."
"If you can do it," Cotton Candy said, "I will give some rewards when the time is right."
"Re… Reward?"
"Yes." She said, "in order to inspire you this lazy worm."
"Got it! I will try hard!"
"I'm glad that you are in high spirit," it seemed that Cotton Candy was very happy, "go! Use the experiences of your former life, the effort of the rebirth, to change this world!" 
"To change... This world?" I still didn't understand.
"If you do try hard," very obviously, Cotton Candy was in gloat, "how will the violent lives over there let you go ?"
"Cotton Ball, You... You..." I was tricked by Cotton Candy.
"You don't make a cheer? I remember that you shouted and wrangled the last time I sent you out." I could tell! She was in good feather!
"Cotton Candy... You remember this for me!" in order to show my resistance is very powerful, I shouted hysterically, "I will not change myself! I will not!"


Extra  The Dark Legend--
the days when Kone left

Hairt and Moah finally cleared away that dwarf warrior, but they were still one step too late, they could only watch that Kone and that sorcerer were locked in a protective screen, which was made of branches and vines, helplessly.
Abnormal sounds were waved out from the inside, that made these two people didn't know what else to do!
"This damn green protective screen!" Hairt split his sword down heavily, but he just left a small cut on it, and this small cut was filled in by the new grown vines immediately.
Saw all of this, Moah got his eyes red and roared, he urged the soldiers cut the vines quickly with the weapons in hand, they must save the boss!
Actually no need anyone to shout at, the soldiers also used the things in hand to cut like crazy. Although the chopped gaps were filled up by the vines time after time, but no one wanted to stop. 
Because everyone knew, the viceroy Kone was good at everything, but his magic couldn't be put on the stage, and his magic is not just the common degree of mediocrity.
A man grew up under the teaching of so many sorcerers and even magician masters, but he just have the third grade magic which could make people laugh the teeth off, that's at most the probation sorcerer's qualification.
Now even if there are ten Kone inside, it's still just a little joke for that strong and evil sorcerer.
They have no other ways, the soldiers tried their best efforts to cut the vines, they believed, they would win this endurance game between the human beings and the vines.
At this moment, Martin arrived after he got the emergent report.
"What's the matter?" saw the acting rashly soldiers, Martin got angry, "why haven't gone into there yet?"
"These things." Moah said with a bitter face, "we could only have this way!"
"Go away!" Martin pushed away the in the way people around, he took a look at the vines, and he thought of a way immediately, "the sorcerers use the ice class magic to freeze the vines as a piece first, then bring a few more people here, knock down the vines as a whole piece!"
"Send my order!" Martin turned his head back and talked to uncle Meza, "order all the forces begin to search around, maybe they have other companions, and may not have such events happened again!"
Uncle Meza had a reply, he turned and ran away.
At the moment while Martin was speaking, more than ten sorcerers had started to use the plenty of ice class magic to freeze the same piece of vines, even the mud these vines rooted on also was not left out. Slowly, a lot of ice crystals hang on the vines, they were frozen solidify into a whole piece, the growth of the vines was finally stopped by the ice class magic!
Hairt and Moah had already chosen a group of the strongest soldiers standby the side, they were waiting for grandpa Martin's order.
"Good!" Martin waved his hand at them, "it's now!"
Hairt made a howling sound, he brought a group of soldiers rushed to the frozen to ice vines first, dozens of burly bodies hit on it at the same time, the power can't be ignored. The hit vines collapsed down inward, but they stopped slowly, they pushed the dozens of men back in their hysterical shouting!
Although very unwilling, Hairt had to bring the people back to the situ, he had to prepare for the next time.
It's Moah's turn, and dozens of people pressed on the vines together again, although the vines' concave degree had some increase. But they were sill pushed back...
They hit several times, but they bounced back time and time, the vines just refused to fall down! The soldiers mostly had been frozen to have the purple lips, some even were scratched streaming with blood by battle companions' armors, but all of them bit their teeth to insist, nobody hummed a word.
Right at this time, there was a deadly howling sound came from inside of the vine barrier, with this desperate sound, a very rough dazzling light beam appeared in the overhead clouds, it split down straightly... 
There was a blast happened inside of the vines. The rest power of the explosion brought with a lot of dust to blew out, it blew the people outside the skirts "flee flee" sounded, even the people ten miles away still could hear the sound of the strong explosion. 
This is the upper magic! Kone is hung by a thread!
"Moah!" Hairt shouted force at the rest, "let's rush together!"
Hairt was shouting and bringing his team to blunt rush over, the vines were pressed by them shakily. 
"Rush!" Moah brought people to rush on Hairt them, all the people were using all their strength, the people behind stepped on the heads of the front people and climbed up, they all made an effort to press the vines down... Finally, plus the weight of the ice itself, and lost the new forces added under the ice magic, the vines barrier could no longer sustain, it collapsed down in the "pi li pa la" sounds!
Hairt was pushed down under dozens of people, he heard ambiguously that Moah gave out a yell the name of boss, the crying tone had the shiver in.
Didn't have time to wipe the places scraped by the vines on the face, Hairt climbed out from the huddle anxiously, but he just saw that Moah kneeled down by a huge mud wallow, his face was pale.
"Boss!" he said dully to Hairt who ran to his side, "this... Who is the real boss?"
Hairt looked at the two bodies in the mud wallow, they are the same burned black, the limbs are intertwined.
"Calm down... We must calm down!" Hairt said to Moah, "boss will never have anything happened to him! You must cheer up for me!"
Moah looked at him, nodded his head, and slid down to the mud wallow.
Two bodies are almost exactly the same, the surface skin was burned to all blackened. Moah reached out his hand to touch it, who knew that his finger had just touched one of them, that body fell down and turned into a pile of ash... "I I I..." Moah didn't know what to do, he looked at the people up there with a panic face.
"Take a look carefully!" Martin arrived, "Kone is wearing the Earth Armor, it's especially for defending the magic attacks, it should still be there, you take a look carefully again.
"Yes yes!" Moah checked on the remaining body carefully in a hurry, he found a same blackened cloth on his body...
"Boss is still here!" Moah this time didn't dare to reach his hand to have a touch, "I can see the Earth Armor!"
Martin and Hairt went down to the wallow too, they looked at this blackened Kone.
"Boss him..." Moah asked, "will or will not..."
"What nonsense you are talking about!" Hairt stared at him, "boss will be fine!"
Martin gently touched Kone's body with his fingers, the difference from that has already melted away body is, just a layer epidermis was lifted where Kone's body was touched, and the red skin was shown under it. He then put his finger on the blood vessel of Kone's neck, but he couldn't feel a little blood vessel beating.
"Strange..."
"Sorcerers!" Martin shouted loudly, "come over here for me!"
Several sorcerers ran to come over, they were all scared by the look which Kone had right then.
"Do you have any magic that can let viceroy Kone's body maintain the status quo?" Martin grasped a sorcerer and asked, "we need to use the shortest time to bring Kone back to the Darkness city, and you all must make sure that his condition will not get any worse!"
"We can use the frozen magic... To make it steady first." one elf sorcerer said, "we can only do this!"
"Then start it immediately!"
The sorcerers circled around to discuss a few words and then began immediately, they laid Kone's body flat first, cleaned extremely careful the mud off from it, and then suspended his body in the air. Several pairs of hands gave out the white light together... Layers of white smoke began to envelop around Kone's body, and wrapped him up completely.
"Sir, we have finished! Viceroy Kone has been frozen." An elf sorcerer looked at Martin, "but fifteen layers of ice frozen magic can't  last very long neither, thus your move must be quick!"
"Immediately bring Kone back to the Darkness city!" Martin kept sending the commands, "Moah you go the Dark Moon city immediately, report everything about here to viceroy Vassel, ask him to come over immediately and preside the overall situation! Hairt you go to the Saint Capital, must see Your Majesty Krimer, and asked Your Majesty for help! Oh right, before that you go to the great magician Webber there first, ask him come to the Darkness city the first time!"
"Yes!"
"Yes!"
Kone's body was fixed in the stretcher which was turned into by a tent, several officers carried this like big package thing carefully, it made dozens of wing-man soldiers could tow him and fly slowly.
Watched their getting away silhouettes, Martin Arthur was getting his anxiety to the bone in his heart.
He understood, if a normal people had such a heavy damage, maybe it's useless even the God of Brightness come himself! No matter what effort he tried, it's just that he do what he can... 
At the same time, there was a voice keep telling in his mind, "Kone is not an ordinary man, he will be getting fine!"
Martin Arthur turned his head back, he kept issuing orders to the army constantly, he restrained the troops under his command with his calm. The more they are in this very moment, the more the army can't be a mess.
And on the other side of the Darkness city, all the people are still waiting for the news of the victory, they know nothing about what everything have happened to Kone. 
When some of them saw their own wing-man soldiers dragged flying with a big package back from far, they thought that must be some important trophies, a lot of children were running bellow... Nobody has ever thought of their dear viceroy is back in this way.
His three wives are waiting for him, they were just noticed very vaguely by the prior arrived wing-man soldiers: Sir viceroy had some minor injuries, he has being sent back on the way now. Sir Martin wants you to get ready for it, because he got injured in the first time in the battle, Sir viceroy feels very embarrassed, his mood is not that great...
It's not that the soldiers hid something deliberately, in fact, know the thing that the earlier walked with a swagger viceroy Kone, now becomes a roast duck and no breathing and no heartbeat, until now, there are no more than ten people. 
The wing-man soldiers landed slowly in front of Kone's tent, they brought a chief Martin's letter for the three wives of the viceroy.
"Madam!" A wing-man officer who is responsible for bringing Kone back said, "chief Martin ordered, three ladies must finish reading the letter and then can open Viceroy Kone's tent. Otherwise, because of the wrong way, viceroy Kone might have some unnecessary damages when opening the tent!"
The has been worrying Feline took the letter over, she opened it, and she got her face pale just after reading a few words.
When Kelly wanted to gather her head over and took a look, Feline had already put the letter into her pocket calmly.
"I thought what's the big deal, it's just not letting the wind to blow on him! You guys lift and move Kone inside the tent, don't forget to put down the curtain."
Feline keep her countenance to tell the people around, "tell everyone a good news, our army has won!"
"Even though we have the victory, but we still have to strengthen the security outside." looked at the excited everybody, Feline said with a forced smile, "in addition, go to ask Your Highness Feshert to be here, we will discuss the thing about welcoming our troops back with the viceroy."
Heard she spoke like this, everyone breathed a sigh of relief, they all went out to do their own business, since the viceroy still need to manage the official business, that means his injury would be not that serious, what kind of person the viceroy is? If he can be idle, he will be not idle?
The soldiers carried the viceroy in carefully, they put him on the bed.
"Sister Wensly!" Feline watched the last one to go out of the tent, she had her leg weak and sat on the ground, "hurry! Ask your mother to be here as soon as possible!"
"Why?" Wensly was going to check on Kone, she turned her head back confused and asked, "sister Feline?"
"Hurry..." Feline dropped her tears, "Kone is going to die!"
It sounded like a giant thunder, the news gave Wensly and Kelly a shock!
"There's more!" Feline pulled Wensly who was running to the outside, "sister... Never let other people knows about this thing!"
Wensly nodded her head, took a deep breath, held her tears back difficultly, and pretended like there's nothing occurred to walk out of the tent. 
"Wensly! I heard that Kone has some injuries..." it's Feshert who was speaking, he stopped Wensly who just walked out of the tent from far away, "he has already come back? And asked people to fly carrying him back?"
"Yes, a little minor injuries, he just can't be blown by the wind. He asked people to notice you right after he came back! You go to take a look at him, he is already the viceroy, but he is still this capricious..." Because there are some other people around, Wensly had to answer like this, she smiled lightly on the face, but her heart had been torn to pieces.
"Ha! Then I go to take a look at him first. This boy!" Feshert smiled and walked to the tent, "don't know what bad idea he thought of again!"
Wensly walked to her own tent in a hurry.
When the wrapped around Kone's body tent cloth was uncovered gently, the few presence people all felt the things in front a bit dizzy, especially Wensly who just sent a letter to her mother and came back to here, once she saw Kone's black and red body in the ice layers, she fell down on the ground right away, it frightened Feline to put her on the chair next to them in a hurry.
"Kone..." Kelly reached her hand out, but she couldn't say a word already.
"Everybody need to cheer up!" as the only man among them, Feshert tried hard to control his emotion, he hoped to give everyone the confidence with his firm tone, "Kone will be fine! It must be like this, think about the last time, Kone still could come over in such bad situation... This time... It's just can be regarded as a small case!"
"All... right!" Kelly covered the blanket for Kone gently, "auntie spirit will be here tomorrow... Kone will wake up once she is here..."
"And there's more! Grandpa emphasized time and time in the letter..."
Feline looked at everyone, "Can never leak out the true situation of Kone's injury! No matter who the enemy is, now since they want to kill Kone, they will certainly have other preparations. We all need to block the news tightly, we need to let them feel that Kone is fine, the assassination has failed... This way, they will stop temporarily, and will not pursue hotly and attack fiercely Kone again at this critical moment!"
Feshert nodded his head, "not only that, but also we need to make a festive mood in the whole construction sites! Feline, you wait a moment and go to announce our victory news formally with me, arrange some other things. Kelly and Wensly stay here with Kone, can't leave a step away, in the time Kone doesn't wake up, we must hold on, can't let the enemy have the opportunity to take advantage!"
"Wait a minute..." the just woke up Wensly has the tears all over her face, "We also need to suggest that all the things are arranged by Kone, the style need to be some exaggerated, Kone's character is like this, otherwise people will find out some flaws..." 
Everybody thought about it for a while, as indeed it is like this.
The later of the day, Your Highness Feshert, now the highest position in the province the Darkness city, held a meeting in the viceroy's big tent, they need to arrange specifically how to welcome home the victory forces of the Darkness.
Accompanied with him to come to the meeting together, it's Mrs. Feline who is the highest position in the viceroy Kone's three wives, almost all of the senior and intermediate officers attended the meeting.
Before the start of the meeting, the people were surprised to find out that, Mrs. Feline put on the dress very solemnly today, and she also put on a simple make-up especially, this had never been seen before!
Maybe it's because of the news of victory, Mrs. Feline's original spiritual big eyes are glowing the radiate brilliance, her face is also flushed, that makes the dignified and nobility temperament her looks a lot more tenderness than usual.
Mrs. Feline stood by the tent side, she was talking to the officers, she shared the joy of the victory with them, her high emotion influenced each people who attended the meeting.
And it's Your Highness Feshert presiding over the meeting today, he is now sitting on the position where the viceroy normally sits on with a bitter face. He's holding a few grassroots nobody knows where he got from... Now, he pinched the grassroots into little bits, threw them onto the ground, and stepped on them with his feet. He is saying something in his mouth...
"Kone you this guy! You got to wait for me..." the people in closer positions can hear that Feshert is complaining in low voice, "you're lying in the bed comfortably, but asked me to chair this meeting... I! I will get you revenged!"
This situation people all have seen too many, usually after the viceroy Kone's friends were bullied by somebody, they feel they are at disadvantage, but fighting can't win, saying can't make any sense, for help can't get anything, to appeal can't get any proof... They have the expressions just like Feshert having now!
"Saw that?" the officers held their smiles back and whispered to each other, "Your Highness Feshert was bullied by viceroy Kone again..."
"Of course, you think about it, the viceroy Kone went out for the battle for that long and just came back... He will catch anybody to bully on! You must be careful, the thing you got scolded on last time is not done yet!"
"But how come the viceroy Kone is not here to chair the meeting?"
"You stupid! Don't you see that two mistresses didn't come here? Absence makes the heart grow fonder, have you ever heard that..."
"I don't have a wife, how can I know?"
"It doesn't matter that you don't know, the viceroy Kone knows will do..."
"Alright! All the people are here!" Your Highness Feshert clapped his hands after he finished pinching all the grassroots, "now, I am here for Kone the bastard... No, the viceroy to chair the meeting! Let me talk about the topics for this meeting..."
Because Your Highness Feshert said the bastard these two words carelessly, the officers snickered and remembered their own assigned business at the same time. Laugh is laugh, if you can't do your own part of the business well, they will be striped a layer of skin by the sir viceroy... As for Your Highness Feshert scold the viceroy as the bastard... Tonight your highness Feshert's shrieks will be spread out to the whole city! This is the unique product of the Darkness city, in other places absolutely can't hear that.
"Your Highness Feshert!" one officer said with somewhat awkward, "it's a little difficult to hang the banners on the city wall... You know, our city wall is still not built well yet!"
"What's the use that I know?" Your Highness held his chin with his hands, he said word by word expressionless, "your dear, beloved, forever correct, itch all over sir viceroy said ‘any guy decline with all kinds of excuses, let him come to me! I will be very happy to speak face to face with him.’ I think, perhaps you are looking forward to speak face to face with Kone too... I will arrange it for you right now."
Feshert's eyes are flashing, this means... Danger! Somebody got cheated on like this more than once, they put their heads dumbly against on the bad mood viceroy's blade point, this is the old trick that the viceroy's friends have been using for a long time.
"No need! No need!" it's not that he never fell into this kind of trick, that officers shook his hands in a hurry and said, "I think... We will have a way!"
"Really?" because couldn't find the scapegoat, Your Highness Feshert looked like somewhat frustrated, "do you anyone have any questions?"
"No!"
"Then that's it!" Your Highness Feshert seemed like thought of something, he waved his hand to everyone and said, "dismissed!"
Feshert ran to Mrs. Feline's side and stood well right after he finished the talking, he had a sincere smile first before he says anything.
"Feline ah, we are good friends!" the walked by their sides officers heard Your Highness Feshert compensated the carefulness to Mrs. Feline, "then whether can you consider to forget what I just said that words, thus never mention it to somebody?"
"But, because these days I worried about someone and didn't sleep very well..." Mrs. Feline said, "which word did you mean?"
"it's really sharp! No wonder she is the Mrs. Viceroy, it looks like that Your Highness Feshert will be blackmailed..." 
The officers slowed down their steps, they thought like this in their minds.
"It's the bastard that word... I was just careless... You know that he is not in the good mood..."
"Oh, it's like this, but my birthday is coming soon! Don't I have time to think of other things?"
"Ah... Oh! Please don't worry, Feline! How can your birthday be just casually?" Your highness Feshert said righteously, "the dignified Mrs. viceroy of the Darkness city, how can she not wearing the royal tailor made dress at the time of her birthday? We all know only that can set off your noble temperament! No way! As a friend of Kone, and also Feline's friend, I must order them to make a set of dress for Mrs. you now!"
"If it's like this..." Feline smiled and said, "well, I will temporarily forget the word you just said!"
"Thank you!" somebody said distraughtly.
It really was so... The officers think about their salary, then compare their salary with a set of royal dress cost, they all have the determination, never say a no in front of sir viceroy.
Because that would mean bankruptcy... Or it's more desolate than bankruptcy, he would be beaten up by the sir viceroy!
Two of them discuss all the details well with other officers, it's already the night. When they went back to the tent, they saw Wensly was waiting outside of the tent. By Wensly's side, there were three elves they two people had never seen before, from the clothing to see, their status are not that low.
"Feshert, sister Feline, you all come back!" Wensly stepped forward to hold Wensly's hands, "my mother is here!"
"That quick?" Feshert asked surprised.
"My mother came with some elders together, they came here by using together one kind of extremely magic power consumed magic." Wensly walked and explained to us at the same time, "mother is checking the situation of Kone!"
"You go inside first, I'll be back right away." Feshert said, "I need to arrange the security for here!"
When Feshert walked into the tent after he arranged everything well, Your Honor the great spirit was having a break after she just checked on Kone.
This is the first time Feshert met Your Honor the great elf, he walked over to her, and gave her a junior etiquette deeply, "Your Honor the great spirit, Kone him... How is he doing?"
"This is a difficult case, I even don't know how to explain it to you..." Your Honor the great spirit took a glance at the lying in bed Kone worriedly, she cleared up her thinking, and other several people have been shocked shivering with fear by the great spirit's words.
"If say, now the Kone is dead already, from the moment that he got injured, it has been a day and a night, in such a long time, if he is really dead, the body will have a series of changes... Let alone he was hit to death by upper level lightning magic, normally the people died by this way will not even have a bit of ash left."
"Yes..." Feshert said difficultly, "and then?"
"You come to take a look." the great elf walked to Kone's side, she peeled off a layer of Kone's necrosis skin with her finger, "although it has already been this long, but now Kone's body condition is no different from a healthy people! Besides the surface layer of skin, Kone has no any injury inside and outside!"
While she was speaking, the great spirit brought out a small silver knife, she pricked open Kone's skin, let some blood stick on it.
"You can see," the great spirit pointed at the blood and said, "even Kone now doesn't have heartbeat and breathing, and the blood doesn't flow neither... But his blood is still such bright red and healthy, it has no signs of frozen!"
"That means," Wensly looked at her mother with a whole face of expectation, "Kone him..."
"My poor children, this means that Kone is not dead yet." Before everybody had anything to say, the great spirit said again, "but if the situation of Kone is always like this, and can't restore his heartbeat and breathing... Eventually he still will die."
"Then what shall we do?" Wensly rushed down to her mother's arms, her shoulders kept shrugging, "Mama..."
"Let me try use the magic to treat him first." The great spirit fondled her daughter's hair, "if it doesn't work, there are some other ways. Further more, the viceroy Vassel there will think of some ways too... In short, we will try hard together! We must let Kone get back to be healthy!"
"Yes, it's imperative that we must keep the situation of the Darkness city steady." Feshert had some blood color on his face now, "the darkness city is Kone spend all his blood to build like this! In the time he is not presence, we must hold on to it well, we can't let the people down there to find out any flaws. Otherwise, lately Kone's busy in this time, the difficult victory by defeating the enemy... will be lost with the dispersed popular supports..."
"Yes, boys, I'm very glad that you have noticed this." Your Honor the great spirit nodded her head with praise, "you must united together, get through these few days!"
"But , what about after these few days?" Kelly asked, "what shall we do then?"
"A few days later?" the great spirit used her warm hands to comfort Kelly, "then, the people should come will all come, the things should happen will all happen too..."
"But, what can we use to get through these few days?" Feline sighed lightly, "too many occasions need Kone to show up!"
"Kone left a thing behind, it should do us great help." Feshert warped up the corners of his mouth, he seemed to think of something interesting, even though it's no appropriate in this situation to have this kind of expression, "that is Kone , this sir viceroy's character and temper!"
In such grim situation, when everyone heard the words, they all warped up their corners of mouth involuntary!
In the same night, sir viceroy ordered, remove the war readiness state in the Darkness city, all the construction sites scattered around the Darkness city and in every race habitation, must restore construction and production immediately, and also convey the news of victory over a covey of bandits.
This command also went through the hands of the wing-man scouts, it's distributed to dozens of construction sites scattered in the Darkness city region and the races habitations in the first time.
Suddenly, the whole Darkness city is in fluctuation and jubilation! Countless workmen, countless alien residents come and go to tell each other... These struggling in difficulties for survival people, these gathered together under the Darkness viceroy that not this and not that reputation people... Extremely need such a news to inspire themselves!
They didn't rely on the wrong people! Even though the viceroy's reputation is not that great, but it still seems that he is very fierce, he defeated the oncoming to assault bandits with so few troops, after all, he is one member of the Cada family, he can protect them... Countless people sleep at ease embracing this thought.
The early morning after, a large group of soldiers and artisans under the leadership of all level officers began to decorate on the construction sites of the Darkness city, they worked very hard.
"In order to welcome our hero army of the Darkness city! In order to celebrate our dear boy's first victory! For our invincible army's triumph! We must decorate the layout of the sites very colorful..." The big and small officials spoke to their subordinates with mouthful spittle, it seemed like that their own army has won numerous times of victory.
They stood on the half built city wall, they stood on the rubble in the quarry, they stood on the rotten wooden pole by the roadside, they shouted and wrangled, "must make them feel like at home! Must make them feel comfortable! Must make them... Hey! You, what are you looking at? It's you! What are you hanging up there?"
"Banners, sir!"
"You idiot! Banners have white color?"
"But we don't have red cloth..."
"No more? Where all the red cloth goes to?"
"Didn't chief you just take all of them just now? You said that you would make a new underwear for every soldier in the army."
"That seems to be true like this... You idiot! You don't know to use the paint to paint them?"
"But the red pigment is not enough..."
"Then where the pigment goes to?"
"It's taken to paint the new toilet wall for the army..."
"......"
"Sir, then do we still need to hang the banners?"
"Well, forget about it, you just need to use a little red pigment to paint a color frame on here..."
The whole construction sites got into a mess disorderly, all levels of officials racked their brains to think of ways to solve the tasks in hand, the sir viceroy's celebration plan is a bit too over... But what else can they do? The sir viceroy's temper is just like this, it will be miserable if they can't finish their tasks in time!
That the bottom got beaten on is just a small case, they just don't know what way the sir viceroy will think of to clear them away.
But on the other hand, why some look very simple things at the ordinary time, today it's so difficult to do? Here is short of hands, but there're too many people over there and caused road congestion; Here has no materials, the materials have just arrived over there an don't know where they go to...
It's never been this mess on the construction sites usually, just because the victory news got people excited excessively?
Although the work progress is slow, but no one dare to run to the sir viceroy there to complain, because... The sir viceroy began to lose his temper early in the morning today, it's almost noon now, he still haven't finished yet!
"Know what? The sir viceroy is in the bad mood because he got injured, this morning he began to scold his guards..." The officials communicated with each other with the latest news about the viceroy, "there is also a city hall guy, he got caught by the sir viceroy carelessly, so he was shaved off the hair just like that..."
"That was earlier, now the being shaved hair people have increased to five!"
"Exactly! I walked by the sir viceroy's tent this morning, I heard the sir viceroy was scolding somebody, it was very loud! No matter how the three mistresses persuaded, they just couldn't stop him!"
"Heavens! Please! Never let the sir viceroy come out of the tent!" The officials were shouting in their heart, "if the sir viceroy see my work progress now... I'm afraid that I will not get a hair left from head to toe!"
When Martin Arthur led the army arrived to the Darkness city, everyone almost couldn't believe his eyes!
This is a boiling Darkness city!
Every road is full of the cheering crowds, there are terran, orcs, winged, dwarf, and don't know what beings' beings... There are adults, and children. They were holding the blooming flowers, crying out the enthusiastic slogans, revealing the scorching hot from their eyes, and their mouth sprayed out some spittle time to time...
There are the welcoming army triumph banners in the sky, because the Darkness forces are made of races complicatedly, and because the idle materials in the Darkness sites are not that many, so there are normally ten to twenty languages written on a foot of painting banner. 
Even though they express the same meaning, but some words long some words short... It looks like the same as the feeling that the mouth is forced to squeeze in a few worms.
Fortunately there are not that many soldiers know how to read in the Darkness forces, even those who know reading don't have time to see this now, the soldiers are surrounded in the crowd.
The never been such treated before soldiers, still keep advancing slowly with the neat formations before any commands, they have the honest smiles on their faces, they answer shyly to the greetings of the elders, their eyes are looking for their families' silhouettes...
In that moment, Martin Arthur believed the miracle, Kone had waken up! This is Kone's private work, those cranky designs painted on the walls, those stuck in everywhere but don't know what things made of banners and flags... Everything revealed Kone's nonsense spirit and weird style.
He urged out a long breath, and put down the worry, he asked a coming to meet official, "where is the viceroy Kone?"
"Sir viceroy is in his tent!" the official had a wry smile, "he has lost his temper for the whole morning, you can hear that from far away... You go to try persuading him, otherwise, I don't know how many more people still will fall on hard time."
"Really?" Martin Arthur smiled calmly, he issued several orders to the army and then walked to the viceroy's tent,
After all, he is still a young man! He would lose his temper just by some setbacks.
That official said it right, from far away, Martin could hear kone's scolding passed out from the tent, the sound has such dye-in-the-wood energy.
"Probably Kone now feels it's embarrassed to meet others because he is blackened!" Martin had a smile appeared on his mouth corners, "Ha ha!"
It looked like that Kone took the ambushed by his carelessness very seriously, outside of the viceroy's tent, the security for the day is very uncommon strict!
"Sir Martin!" a guard ran up to him and said, "would you please stop, let me go to have a report first!"
"Go!" The almost spent whole life in the army Martin of course understands, "why today's security is so strict?"
"You just don't know." the guard began to complain, "this morning chief Waldi didn't listen to our captain's dissuasion, he just broke into there without any report... The result was that he got beaten on the bottom by the sir viceroy, and also got our captain into trouble to get his hair shaved!"
Martin shook his head helplessly, Kone did a bit too excessive this time, he even beat Waldi's bottom, Waldi indeed is his good brother!
"Grandpa Martin is back!" Kone's voice is full of surprise, "please come on in!"
Martin walked into the tent, but he just only saw a batman standing in the tent, he was pinching his throat to learn speaking in the viceroy's voice with a painful face. And his two granddaughters were looking at him with several other people with the worried faces.
Martin swayed his body a bit, he immediately stood still.
"Ha ha... Kone." He spoke loudly with no expression, "it's great to see that you are fine!" 
The seventh noon after the army got back to the Darkness city, the residents were surprised to find out that, the viceroy of the Black Moon city, also the father of the Darkness city's viceroy-- sir Vassel Cada, endured the hardships of a long journey to arrive with chief Moah's accompany.
Two days later, several fast horses came from the direction of the Saint capital. The people on the horses were all in a hurry, but a few sorcerers have recognized the great magician Webber is one of them!
Three more days later, once again some caravans came from the direction of the Saint Capital. There are just several people in the caravan each time, some are sorcerers, some are just the messengers carrying the parcels... Continuously!
"What's happening now? There are so many important people coming." the people kept guessing, "is the viceroy going to have some new constructions? Or there is a war to fight?"
"Don't be afraid! Don't we have the viceroy Kone?"
"Oh! That's right!"
It seems like that the lie dying in bed viceroy Kone has his fame rose in this period of time!
But in another place.. For example the Prime Minister's mansion in the Saint Capital, the conversation atmosphere is not so relaxed over there.
"I'm sorry! Sir Prime Minister, it looks like that we didn't succeed this time, that rascal is still alive..." a guy bent his waist and said, "according to the spies come back to tell, that guy is very energetic, he gets no tired scolding people everyday!"
"You this idiot!" The sitting by the desk Prime Minister heaved a sigh, he kept his countenance and said, "I have told you already, must know a man with eyes, know a man with eyes! You see what kind of damn fools you were looking for to do this thing!"
"It is my fault!" That man was frightened to kneel down on the ground, "I trusted the wrong guy, it's my damn fault! I'll find some other people to kill him!"
"No need." The Prime Minister shook his head, "I have other more important things to worry about... Get out!"
The Prime Minister lifted his head and looked at the sky after he spoke to the guy, he didn't move his body for a long time.
"Why can't you be my son-in-law?" He mumbled to himself, "this is all you ask for it yourself!" 
Finally, in the days Kone is not presence, the people around him have perfectly finished their first scam in the Darkness city.
Cheated the enemy, cheated the own people, cheated all the people... Until the day the viceroy Kone woke up, most of the people don't know that Kone have left for a period of time...





