


Ralla's Choice: Into the Other II



Livian Grey © 2020
30/3 Productions Ltd.

Smashwords Edition



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Find Into the Other at Livian Grey Books









RALLA’S CHOICE


INTO THE OTHER
 II







Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8
Chapter 1

From the outside, Ralla’s life looked much better now. She was no longer confined by a malevolent entity who’d been parading as her father. She lived in a warm, cosy house that wasn’t full of damp and rot, and was far from the dense and shadowy woods she’d known growing up. She had proper food to eat — not rotten, mouldy scraps — a soft bed with fluffy pillows, and a mother who loved her dearly. 
But she was unhappy, confused, and unsettled. The sense of displacement she’d carried since the conclusion of her ordeals remained.
Right then, Josie, her mother, was packing up the plates in the kitchen. They were moving closer to the city to be nearer to her school. Ralla had once wanted so dearly to go to a real school. That desire was lost. Her days there were difficult now she’d drawn the attention of other horrible students who thought her too weird to avoid their scrutiny.
Without Seth there with her, Ralla would’ve been alone. He stuck by her and defended her, whether it meant him being shunned by everyone or not.
How they’d come to meet was as unusual an event as it was shocking. She and Seth had been switched at birth by a man named Calder. He’d come to punish Josie for her attempt to wiggle out of a bargain she’d made with him. Calder raised Ralla from that day, first with care to ensure she grew up, then with callousness when he’d begun to train her to be more like him. He’d taken Seth from his birth mother, who’d been happy to give him up, and given him to Josie to raise. Josie had fooled the world and her partner, Nick. They’d have continued to believe Seth was her son had Seth not accidentally uncovered the truth.
Josie owned up to adopting Seth, blaming Ralla’s real father on her going missing for sixteen years. The truth was far too marvellous to convince anyone it was real.
Ralla listened to Josie and Nick talking in the kitchen. The closed window slightly muffled their words. She was bundled up on the wicker couch, hugging her knees and staring into the vast darkness ahead of her. The house was in a field with nothing around it and no main roads near it. She’d come to love it, saddened now they had to leave.
The screen door opened, Seth stepping out into the cold air to find her. “You okay?” he asked.
She shrugged. “Guess so.”
“Taking a break from packing?”
“I didn’t have that much to pack. It’s all done.”
Seth sat beside her. “I can’t believe I’m going to miss this place after all the pain and suffering having a bad internet connection caused me.”
He was still the only person who could make Ralla smile when she was miserable. “I’ll miss it too,” she said. “I didn’t want to disappoint Josie and Nick.”
“One week near civilisation and we’ll forget all about this place. Trust me on this. And you’ll have an actual bedroom rather than a storage room with a bed.”
Ralla and Josie did what they could to turn the spare room into a bedroom, but it remained overcrowded with boxes and junk. Some of this had been discarded so there was less to take to the new house. Hoarding was one of Josie’s traits; anything could be useful or necessary if she placed reasons in the way of throwing it out. Others could make use of clothes or utensils; Josie had relied heavily on the genuine kindness of strangers to give her a crib for her new baby. And a woman she met the very day she wound up in Huntsville had offered her rental property to Josie, saving her from homelessness. Eventually, she decided to move in with Nick.
Nothing Ralla’s owned growing up had lasted long. She’d worn trashy clothes that she couldn’t wash properly and wound up mouldy from the dank house she lived in with Calder. The food she’d been given — when Calder deigned to feed her — rotted quickly, often tasting foul and not fresh. She’d suffered malnourishment from this persistent neglect. Josie took Ralla to a doctor to find what was best to make her healthy, rather than play guessing games with too many vitamins. This doctor had questioned Ralla’s slightness, Josie having to explain Ralla wasn’t starving herself on purpose. This meant Ralla had to ask why anyone would do this, the truth too complicated for Josie to convey in one conversation. 
“It was decent we got to have a say in where were moved, too,” Seth went on. “I was pretty sure Nick was going to decide on that pokey bungalow in Leighton.”
“It had a nice garden, but it was too small.” Ralla was still engrossed in the shadows ahead of her.
“You’ve been pretty distracted lately,” he said. “Those idiots at school bugging you?”
“No more than usual. I just feel… I don’t know. Something’s still not right.”
“Ralla, it’s barely been eight months. I’d still feel misplaced. I knew nothing was perfect for you when we came back from the Other. You can’t hide anything from me. Josie’s worried about you as well.”
“She’s been too happy for me to upset her with this. She might think it’s her fault, when it’s not. She can be too much sometimes, but I don’t mind.”
Seth got the gist and made a smirk. “Cramming sixteen years worth of mother-daughter time into eight months would probably drive any girl nuts.”
“But I can’t spend another sixteen with her, can I? I’ll have to move out. You’re not staying.”
“Yeah, I’ll probably go to university now I know we can afford it. You can too, you know.”
Ralla sighed and dropped her feet to the floor, shoving her hands under her thighs. “I don’t know what to study. Just because I know so much doesn’t mean I can do anything with it. Turning invisible isn’t a transferable skill, and I can barely even do that now. I feel useless.”
She’d kept these words to herself for some time now, letting them slip altered Seth’s demeanour. 
“I’m still alive because of you,” Seth said, astounded she’d even suggested it. “You killed Calder and kept me from suffocating to death in that cave. Of all the words I could use to describe you, ‘useless’ would never be one of them.”
“I haven’t done anything since then.”
Seth sounded angry with her when he said, “Who’s asking you to do anything? Not me. Josie hasn’t either, she knows you still need time to get used to being here, so does Nick. There’s no hurry. When are you going to cut yourself some slack?”
“Sorry.” Ralla made herself look at Seth as she said this.
“Don’t be,” he replied. “I’m not mad at you, I just don’t understand why you’re saying these things about yourself.”
She knew Seth so well; she’d told him more of her thoughts, he’d accepted them and tried to understand. Those thoughts weren’t the kind she could voice to Josie. Ralla couldn’t trust her mother’s reactions to everything. She worried about offending Josie constantly, watching what she said even if Josie was in a good mood and less likely to react badly. Nick would have his bad days that made him less approachable to Ralla, Josie and Seth better at reading when it was fine to speak to him. Calder’s mercurialness meant Ralla had forever watched her actions, however small and seemingly insignificant. Seeing her progress in her training within the Other — a seldom occurrence — was the only thing that put him in a good mood.
“I get distracted about what could have happened,” Ralla explained. “I know it’s a waste of time, but my mind seems unable to stop imaging things going worse.”
“You’re still scared of the future too,” Seth replied. “But the future you’d have had with Calder would be so much worse than what could happen now.”
Ralla appreciated Seth’s words. Believing them was the hard part.
“The Concrete is such a huge place, Seth. I took for granted how big it was when I was with him.”
“But it can’t be as bad as the Other, can it? I was wrong to think it couldn’t get any worse here than it has. Completely wrong. And I’m glad about that now. You’re not alone here like you were before.”
“I know.”
Nick was leaning out the door suddenly. “Guys, dinner’s ready.”
“Aren’t the plates packed up?” Seth asked.
“Not all of them. Come on.”
Ralla went ahead of Seth, her head down as she passed Nick. She heard him ask Seth if everything was alright.
“It’s fine,” Seth answered.
Half packed boxes were sitting around the kitchen while they were eating. Ralla remained silent, poking her food and ignoring Josie’s look of concern. Nick was going over the plan for the following day. Lacey was coming to help, along with Kyle from the auto shop, who’d agreed to assist with the heavier items. He was bringing the moving van by seven the next morning, so they had to be ready before then.
“I can lift more stuff than you think,” Josie said to Nick. “I may look scrawny.”
“Yeah, but I don’t want you hurting yourself,” Nick countered. “You’re no good to us with a slipped disc.”
“How long do you think it will take?” Seth asked.
“Hopefully not all day,” Nick replied. “Last thing we need is to be too tired to get everything off the truck at the new place.”
“Are you worried about anything, Ralla?” Josie asked her.
“That you’ll all miss this place once it’s gone,” Ralla said. She spoke her mind perhaps more than most.
“Of course we will,” Nick told her. “I love this house, even with all the terrible things that happened recently. But it doesn’t make sense for us be out here. You and Seth need to be closer to school, for one. Plus Huntington isn’t the kind of town to live out the rest of your life.”
“I know,” Ralla said. “I understand.” She put some food in her mouth to allay Josie’s concern.
It failed. Josie came to check on her later that night as Ralla was getting ready for bed. She was finding some clothes to wear the next day.
“You were awfully quiet before,” Josie said carefully. “I know you love it here, too. But you’ll get used to our new house.”
“Won’t I have to leave there eventually?”
“If you want to. I’m not going to throw you or Seth out the minute you finish school, if that’s what you’re asking. I know he’s closer to making some long term decisions, which gives me no end of relief. But if you’re in any doubt over your own future and you need more time, please just ask.”
“Alright.”
“Is there anything else you need to tell me, Ralla?”
Ralla had dozens of thoughts fighting for attention. Her confusion was exhausting and she knew of no way to get rid of it. She didn’t know where to start.
“I’m fine.”
Josie had learned not to push and accept Ralla’s responses, and she took this one with a smile that exposed her uncertainty.
“I know it’ll be hard to get to sleep tonight,” Josie said. “I hate moving; I’ve done it enough. Staying in one place for this long was a first for me.”
“Is it easier to do this?” Ralla asked. “Haven’t you wanted to see other places?”
“Not now I’ve been to the Other. Travelling is harder than it sounds, there’s so much to consider. Hearing Lacey go on about leaving here and seeing the world always made me tired. But if you get itchy feet and would like to go somewhere else, we can make plans.”
“I’d rather not. If somewhere as wondrous as the Other can’t enthral me, nowhere else on Earth will. I saw it all when I was up on that mountain, and I felt nothing. I knew it was beautiful by the definition of the word. That didn’t mean anything.”
“The whole place made me seasick,” Josie admitted. “I was so keen to get out there and adapt as soon as I could. Waiting for you to find Seth, I was trying not to throw up or worry too much. It was nerve-wracking. I had terrible dreams for weeks of being stuck there. So I get it. I probably would’ve felt the same if I’d been up there with you.”
“At least there’s no way we’ll ever end up there again.”
Josie came in and gave Ralla a hug. “Never again. That’s all over now. I know I can’t prevent every awful thing that might happen to you, or Seth. But I can sleep a lot better knowing Calder’s gone.”
Ralla couldn’t. Not always. Nightmares of him finding a way back to her through immense trickery would ruin her sleep. Dying in his world was absolute. Calder’s very demise had destroyed their only way out of the Other, his influence on the realm departing with him. Ralla’s trust there wasn’t still a chance of his resurrection was much harder to maintain. She’d reduced him to dust, whispering his real name in his ear as she’d drifted around him as a cloud of smoke. All his cruel training to make her like him had only paid off when he’d dangled her over an open flame, crushing her neck.
“You don’t worry he might come back?” Ralla asked.
Josie broke away and looked at Ralla, troubled. “I did for a little while, but only because I thought it was too good to be true he was gone. Now I know he has. I feel it; I’m not haunted by him anymore. In my heart, I know what happened to Brent was an accident. It wasn’t my fault, and I didn’t deserve to be punished for it. If I could undo the other damage, I would. Calder’s designs ruined other lives, and I haven’t forgotten this. I have to live my life and be grateful for what I have now, or I’ve learned nothing.”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t be talking about him.”
Josie shook her head and smiled a surer smile. “You tell me whatever you have to, okay? Even if it takes you a day or more, I won’t have him ruining your life. You’re my girl, and I’ll never stop worrying about you. That’s part of the deal when you’re a mother.” 
She kissed Ralla’s cheek and gave her a tighter embrace, stroking her hair. Ralla held Josie back, breathing easier now she’d at least said this one truth aloud.

Every time Josie needed to pack her belongings, she always wound up distracted by some trinket or picture she’d kept buried away. She’d been living in Nick’s house for over sixteen years, and now she had that many years’ worth of memories to sort through. Getting rid of her old clothes was a simpler task; she’d never been sentimental about anything practical. Throwing out the tattered sheets and quilts had been satisfying; she’d spent time buying replacements for the new house. She’d taken care of this first, purely to avoid going through anything else that would hold her up with another unwanted memory.
She was now looking at a photo of Seth as a toddler, Nick standing over him, holding his hands as he walked, the two of them smiling. She’d bought a camera and made herself take as many pictures as possible, all in a sad effort to force her to accept Seth as her real son.
Raising another woman’s child hadn’t been Josie’s choice. The devious Calder had placed Seth in her care as an act of revenge for her not handing over her true daughter. That their physical differences — Seth’s hair was dark and his face much rounder than Josie’s — were so obvious, she still questioned how people hadn’t mentioned anything. With Nick’s brown hair and taller frame, he’d been mistaken as Seth’s father, the time taken to explain how he wasn’t growing briefer the more Josie refused to discuss it. She’d lapsed and let a woman she didn’t know keep her assumption Nick was Seth’s dad. Nowadays, Josie couldn’t see how she owed anyone a firm explanation about her strange little family and how it had come to be.
But those years without Ralla weren’t ones Josie was happy to recall. She still possessed traces of pain to see these pictures, failing to uncover a sliver of joy a real mother would have felt. She loved Seth dearly; she always had. But these pictures were reminders she didn’t have similar ones of Ralla to enjoy.
Taking photos on her phone now wasn’t a habit. Ralla was too shy at times to agree to it. Josie had always hated anyone trying to cram her into a family photo when she was younger. Usually, this was at the enthusiastic insistence of some aunt who’d organised the gathering. Josie’s parents hadn’t been model. Her mother was an irresponsible drunk, and her father had left them when his tolerance had run out. Josie moved out and made a host of terrible decisions, Brent, Ralla’s real father, being one of them. Forgetting about Brent’s untimely death was impossible, Josie accepted this, but she’d amassed more traumas and nightmares since that night that hadn’t completely buried this one. 
She hadn’t pushed Brent, he fell. She wasn’t a murderer.
Any reminder she uncovered would lead her down this path, to the origins of her story, what brought her to Huntsville. If any of those moments were prevented by a foolish trip back in time, she wouldn’t be sitting there now, looking at this image of Seth as a small, fragile child. Her past had designed her present. There was no escaping this.
“Spinning the broken record again?” Nick asked as he came in to see her reminiscing.
“I always do this when I move. I know I’ve tossed everything in random boxes, but I was hoping not to dig up too many relics.” She put the photo in the box beside her, deciding she’d go through it all after they’d gotten to the new house. She didn’t have time for this.
“It’s fine, Josie. It’s not like I haven’t come across some stuff I’d forgotten about. I thought I’d thrown away everything from high school, but it was still in the bottom of one box.”
“What did you do with it all?”
“Actually threw it away. It didn’t mean anything. I know you’re trying not to hoard anything.”
“Ralla’s already finished packing. She still doesn’t want much else. Just some peace of mind that I can’t give her.”
Nick pushed the box aside to sit with Josie and hold her. “She isn’t asking you to. I know now offering to do anything for her won’t always work. She’s still making sense of this place. I’d give her more time here if I could. Uprooting her when she’s not even been here a year was one of the reasons I was considering waiting longer.”
“She knows we have to go. She’s not upset with you. But now Seth’s doing better, I want them both to be happy. It’s impossible, I know. Pressuring her to feel better for my benefit is the last thing I would do.”
“You’re so eager to make up lost time with her and she needs time to breathe.”
“I’m trying, Nick. She’s still having nightmares of Calder; she’s been wondering if he can come back and that told me everything. She hates to bring it up, but I’m not asking her to forget and move on. Should we get her proper help?”
“Wouldn’t that be difficult if she can’t fully explain who Calder was? She’ll sound crazy if she admitted everything.”
“That’s the part that makes me furious. She doesn’t get the chance to cope with her pain like any other person can. Thank goodness she talks to Seth otherwise I’d be so scared of her bottling it up. I can’t tell you how grateful I am he’s taken her under his wing.”
“She’s done the same for him,” Nick said. “They’ve been more protective of each other since we left the Other. I feel pretty superfluous, to be honest. But it’s nice to know they’ll grow up stronger for it.”
“Seth having a sense of direction is so great. I don’t want Ralla to rush into any decisions she’ll regret because she thinks she needs to be in the same place as him. I told her she could take as long as she needs. If she’s still living with us for another five years, I won’t complain.”
“That’s you hoping for more time with her,” Nick said, doing well to avoid sounding condescending. “Would you let Seth stay that long?”
“Of course. He and I still have so much to work through, we’re not in a perfect place.”
“I think you should use this as a chance to let things be for a while. What do you really need to control now? We have a place, everything’s sorted at the new shop. There’s plenty for you to do.”
Nick had sold his auto shop in town, the transaction happening quicker than they’d expected for the lack of interest in Huntsville. With the money, he’d bought out another shop closer to Upton, and Kyle lived close by, so he’d been setting everything up for Nick to start as soon as the move was over. With all these events clicking into place, Josie should have found some relief at last. Searching for anything else to be worried about was stupid and unnecessary. Having a brain that did this so naturally infuriated Josie; she could’ve learnt tactics to combat this, Lacey mentioning she’d taken up meditation and was going to yoga classes in her newfound free time. Josie’s cynicism held her away from all manner of things that would be good for her. She had to stop making excuses for not taking care of herself.
Sick of packing, Josie gave up and got ready for bed, Nick going around the house to lock up one last time. She’d given him moments to himself to adjust to leaving. Falling in love with this place happened faster than she’d fallen for him, the night he’d invited over for dinner a fonder memory of hers. She’d once accused him of being naturally charming; it was effortless, but it was also genuine.
He returned as she turned the lamp off, quietly watching him in the shadows, contentedly. She’d had a reason to be on edge while she’d been working to earn his trust after she’d destroyed it with her lies about Seth. An affair might have had more power to ruin them; it could’ve been a possible consequence of her mistakes. Somehow, survival was their outcome.
Nick got under the covers, and she couldn’t help asking if they were alright now.
“I think so,” he replied. “I wanted to trust you again. Giving up on you and walking away didn’t feel right to me. Maybe if I hadn’t known you as long when you told me about Seth, I might have ended it. And I know you didn’t withhold it to keep me with you, you were prepared for it to be over the entire time. It taught me a lot about why people lie; I used to believe it had everything to do with hurting others, but lies exist to protect people.”
Josie didn’t always trust Nick wouldn’t become angry with her again. They’d been capable of resolving so many problems; getting over trivial matters seemed to be their forte. The tremendous rupture caused by Josie’s actions was closing. She was freer to love him better without the weight of her lies. She could accept his affection without a voice in the back of her head telling she didn’t deserve him.
“Do you think we’re okay?” he asked.
“We’re getting there. Lacey asked me if you were ever going to propose. I said we hadn’t gotten that far talking about it. It’s not important right now.”
“Sounds like it would be more important to her,” Nick said, Josie catching his grin in the darkness.
“She’s more of a romantic than she’ll admit.”
“Not when we were growing up, she wasn’t.”
Josie had taken some time considering if she could be a mother again. Bringing a baby into their home with the newness of her relationship with Ralla wasn’t a good idea, and Josie hadn’t enjoyed her pregnancy even without the ever-present threat of Calder. She was too old now, and she knew Nick accepted she wasn’t keen to go down that road with him. Seth had been his son the day Josie brought the boy home, but it hadn’t filled him with a need to have his own kid.
Nick had fallen asleep and Josie knew she had to get some rest before the morning came. The next day was the beginning of a chapter she thought she’d never reach; she hadn’t even planned it in her mind. And as much as she hated moving, she couldn’t wait for tomorrow.

Seth should’ve been exhausted from packing all week. School hadn’t made this easier; Josie could’ve let them stay home except Nick insisted they go. Ralla’s pensiveness was understandable. Not her sense of uselessness, though.
Seth’s existence before her arrival hadn’t been brilliant. He’d grown up believing Josie was his real mother, only to discover by happenstance this was never the case. He’d been stolen by Calder to teach Josie a demented lesson in appreciation, and his own mother had gleefully given him up in exchange for a clear conscience and a wiped memory of ever knowing him. He’d meant to write everything down of his imprisonment in the mountains far into the Other. Doing so dredged up his fear and he couldn’t go on. He’d switched to a game or even homework to get his mind out of that cave.
Ralla could’ve ended up a constant reminder of this trauma, yet thankfully, she never was. She put on a brave face each day, failing to conceal from him that she was worried. Sometimes she fessed up; others, she kept silent so as not to bother anyone. 
Things were looking up for Seth. He was doing better at school, his dirt bike didn’t break down randomly; he didn’t harbour so much resentment toward everyone around him. He knew who he was now, even without all the details of his past. He felt he had a keener sense of self. The weight of his animosity towards Josie for her lies was genuinely lifting. Seeing her happier now he knew it had never been his fault she’d been miserable, he found he’d lost the need to really hate her. She’d still taken care of him, and they got along now; she acted like his mother. She’d charged into the Other and risked her life to save him because he was her son and she wanted him with her.
Always knowing Nick wasn’t his dad hadn’t fractured their relationship. Nick could’ve walked the moment he knew Josie had lied about Seth not being her kid. He could’ve shunned Josie for not telling him about Ralla’s real father, and that Brent died from a broken neck after tripping down the stairs. Nick stayed, not just for Seth but for Josie. Because he couldn’t stop loving her, and he thought of Seth as his own. Nick and Josie remained unmarried and unenthused about changing this. Finding a new house had been more pressing an issue now the money from Nick’s parents’ estate had come through.
Ralla hadn’t emerged from this unscathed. Seth knew she’d had dreams of Calder returning and he couldn’t blame her for that. He had sketchy memories of her killing Calder as he’d been slipping out of consciousness, roused by her screams but still delirious and unable to save her. He’d been the useless one.
She’d wanted to save him; she’d held too much responsibility for him being there. Seth hadn’t blamed her for this either. Or Nick, for shooting at Calder. The worst moment of his life had purely been Calder’s fault; he’d been responsible for the entire debacle. He’d forced Josie’s hand more than once, and now Seth could hold some sympathy for her.
He and Ralla had been left alone often; they weren’t little. They spent time together at school since she struggled to get along with other kids. Seth was protective of her because she’d protected him. She was his best friend. It was already apparent they weren’t related, though they’d stopped masquerading her Nick’s cousin and people understood Seth was adopted, while Ralla was Josie’s daughter. It was one truth Seth was more comfortable with. Nearly dying helped him come to terms with this.
Just a week after their birthday — an uneventful day considering they were too tired to celebrate — Seth and Ralla had been hanging out in his room. She’d gone back to her weird obsession with his role-playing books, still keen to learn how to play. They’d been listening to music when she’d stopped reading to say she liked the song.
“It would’ve been weird for me to grow up without music,” Seth had said.
“I couldn’t see why Calder couldn’t give me something to listen to. Other than he hated whatever came from here, especially if it had given anyone joy.”
“He was pretty joyless.”
“Do you think it’s weird I still call him that?”
“No. That’s what you knew him by. But does it matter now he’s dead?”
“Sometimes I wonder. I don’t trust he won’t find some magic to bring himself back.” She’d put the book aside. “I’m sorry. That’s terrible of me to say.”
“It’s normal. It happens in the game — stuff just doesn’t stay dead. But you turned him to dust and watched it burn. That’s easily the best way to do it. Leaving bones around doesn’t work, and burial isn’t a guarantee. Nope, fire’s your friend where those fiends are concerned. I just wish I’d been more awake to see it.”
“I still could have failed. I almost did. Papalia saved us all, really. She got us out of the Other when the way back was destroyed.”
Seth had regarded her sternly and said, “Are you honestly going over it and wondering how you could’ve done better? I’m telling you, you did the absolute best you could. You were our MVP. You’d always be on my team, Ralla. I can count on you.”
“What’s an MVP?”
He often forgot she didn’t understand little things like this. “Most Valuable Player.”
“You think I’m valuable?”
“I think you’re awesome. And not because you have powers. That doesn’t have anything to do with it.”
“I think you’re awesome, too.”
Ralla wasn’t meant to spend the rest of her life rescuing anyone. Calder had told her she was destined to be like him, with all his fantastic powers at her command. She’d wanted to be a normal girl. Seth might have considered siding with Calder against Josie after all her betrayals. He could have learnt so much from Calder that would suitably punish anyone who’d wronged him. But Seth didn’t have the malice needed for pure revenge. Ralla wasn’t devoid of enemies now; kids at school were already prone to making fun of her. If she’d considered ever hurting them the way Calder had hurt her, Seth was sure she wouldn’t admit to it.
Presently, Seth struggled to listen to Josie and Nick discuss the particulars of their move. Ralla’s mood was more transparent, honesty still being essential to her, though she’d gotten better dealing with lying when necessary.
Dishonesty still came too naturally to Seth, more so on days he was in a bad mood. He’d woken up from horrible dreams of Calder, unwilling to speak to anyone. Josie was better at withholding her concern and stopping herself from prying. Ralla would simply know he’d been shaken by these nightmares; they were too similar to the ones she still had now. Their intrinsic understanding of one another and the lack of words needed to reveal where their minds were at would have been something people attributed to twins, not siblings who weren’t even blood-related. It was the shared trauma from Calder’s acts that had united them this way.
Nick practically had to drag Seth out of bed at the crack of dawn. Josie and Ralla were already up and about, Josie claiming she never slept well before having to move. She’d searched for everything they’d needed, discarding what they didn’t. The house had to be left completely empty now it was to be demolished to make way for the new bypass. The council had paid the estate a hefty sum for the land, and that was keeping Nick of out debt at last.
Kyle offered to drive the moving van it since he was better with heavy vehicles. Lacey showed up not long after. She hadn’t been by as much lately now she’d moved out of town. Her dad had passed away recently and the tavern he’d owned where Lacey and Josie had worked now belonged to someone else. Seth kept up with these developments when he’d once only been vaguely aware. 
Ralla was too skittish to be as exhausted as Seth felt. She agreed to his idea they make a game out of how fast they could grab boxes and bags and carry them to the van. He was hindered by Nick and Kyle trying to move the giant wardrobe from the main bedroom, and Ralla had snuck around the back to beat him to the truck. Josie called out to them to stop running around so much, Ralla giggling as she darted back inside to beat Seth to her room so she could grab something else.
“You didn’t say we had to go through the front door,” she laughed when he jokingly accused her of cheating.
Seth liked Ralla was breaking the rules more. Encouraging her to beat him at any game they played or telling her it was okay to be devious now and then, Seth was hoping she’d grow some confidence.
Lacey was calling out to them from down the corridor outside. Seth grabbed one of the plastic crates on the bed, casually walking out to greet Lacey.
“So who won the competition?” she asked him.
“Ralla. On a technicality.”
Seth was going to ride with Nick in his truck, while Ralla was to go with Josie and Lacey. Lacey had her dad’s old ute, its spacious tray carrying a decent amount of furniture and boxes that were now covered with a tarp and held down by thick ropes.
Josie was walking through the house, standing on the spot where Calder had been waiting for her that day, Seth and Ralla suspended in midair, unconscious. Seth couldn't remember anything after Calder had sent him and Ralla flying backwards into the wall behind them. The armchair Calder had waited in, with its bullet hole from Nick’s rifle, had been dismantled, Nick chopping the wood to burn on the fire and Josie taking the rest to the council tip. She didn’t want a single thing that Calder had put his hands on.
The polished floor showed the spots where the furniture had stood, each shape lined perfectly with dust. Josie hadn’t bothered to clean anything given the fate of the house, joking she was so happy she didn’t need to scrub every surface to get it cleaner than before for the sake of getting a bond back. Josie’s unusual levity these days wasn’t something Seth got used to quickly. Seeing her laughing freely with Lacey or Nick, Seth felt strange hearing it. The silly stuff he’d done as a kid hadn’t encouraged this; coaxing a smile was impossible then. These days, it’d been too easy, not that he’d ever complain.
Seth heard her sniffling and he asked her what was wrong.
“Reminiscing, is all. I knew we had to leave here; it’s just hit me how much I’m going to miss it.”
He touched her shoulder. “I didn’t think I would, but I will.”
“You and Ralla have been such a big help lately. I knew I could count on you.”
He slipped his hands in his pockets, shying away slightly from her words. Josie showed him more gratitude these days than she had before Ralla’s return, though he hadn’t always been capable of accepting it without some awkwardness.
“You okay?” Josie asked.
“Yeah.”
Nick came in then, inspecting the empty living room and the kitchen. “I really did let the place go in the past year. Thought it would make it easier for me to leave.”
Josie went to Nick and hugged him, kissing his cheek. “I know it sucks.”
Ralla was in the doorway now. “Is it time to go?”
“I’ve checked all the rooms,” Josie declared. “There’s nothing left.”
“Just memories,” Ralla said quietly.
Seth could see Ralla was saying goodbye. She was more poetic than him, and more aware. She was definitely smarter. But she didn’t have a clue what to do about her feelings now, he saw it in her eyes.
Josie kept trying to dry her tears as she and Ralla left. Nick didn’t follow, he just told them to go with Lacey so Kyle could follow them; he and Seth would catch up.
“I didn’t think we’d clear the whole place out this quickly,” Nick commented, still looking around.
“Buying more time?” Seth asked.
“Probably. It’s pointless, really. It’s just a house. Same as the new place — roof and walls. No need to be sentimental about it.”
“There’s no law against it.”
Nick crossed his arms and sighed. “Everything radically changed when Ralla showed up. I’m not blaming her, but having someone intrude when I’d gotten so used to being too far away for this to be a problem, it changed how I see this house now. It’s not as safe as I thought it was.”
“Nowhere was safe from him, Nick. That was the problem.”
“True. Doesn’t make me any less angry about it.”
“You still feel bad about what happened?”
Nick shrugged. “I guess I do. I try not to think about it.”
“You and Ralla are just as bad as each other,” Seth replied. “She thinks she could’ve done better than she did, and I don’t think that’s true. We got out of it alive. It went as well as it was meant to.” Tactfully, he added, “I’m kind of done with wondering how worse it might’ve been, Nick. Can we move on now?”
“Good idea. Let’s get out of here.”
Nick still locked the doors and windows. The council hadn’t given a date as to when the property would be officially torn down, but work on the bypass had already started, so it would be soon and they’d agreed to be out well before the required deadline.
Seth hopped in the front of Nick’s truck and waited for him. Nick drove off without saying anything, and Seth got out to unlock the gate one last time. Once Nick was through and the gate was locked, Seth gave the key to Nick so they could head off to the new house.
“I keep thinking you might be more traumatised than you are,” Nick confessed. “Josie’s had her moments, and I’ve comforted her easily enough. Ralla’s working through her own problems, I offer to help, though I know she and I aren’t in a place where she totally trusts me. But you haven’t said anything about it since you got out of hospital.”
“Because I haven’t needed to. Yeah, I had some bad dreams early on, but it’s easier for me to get on with things. I’m fine.”
“If you’re ever not, just say so.”
“I will.”
“And thanks for taking care of Ralla. Josie’s so relieved you get along and you’re looking out for her at school. We both thought you might come to blows at the start, but now I see you care about her, and you’re not just doing it to please Josie. I appreciate that.”
“Why wouldn’t I get along with her? I like her.”
“I know you do. It’s not like I’m expecting you to always be cool with each other, either. I can see by her eyes some days she wants to lash out at Josie for being overbearing, or when she’s too scared to tell me something. She’s terrified of making mistakes. I was the same; never sat well with me if I screwed up, even if it was over something trivial. My parents were more forgiving than my sister.”
Nick’s sister didn’t forgive many people. Seth was polite but rarely wanted to be in her presence. She’d railroaded Nick into agreeing to give up the house, the local council offering them vast amounts for the land they were on. Nick’s acceptance was out of worry he didn’t have enough to secure their future.
They were reaching the outskirts of Huntington, Seth too wound up about this conversation to really appreciate he wouldn’t be coming back here. Isolation had become his friend in a weird way; he could get away from everyone and everything that annoyed him. This would be so much harder to achieve out in the suburbs.
His vexations were creeping up the closer they got to Upton. Wanting to leave this place had been so much easier when he was endlessly frustrated living in the middle of nowhere. He hadn’t valued the security and familiarity he’d had until he was made to leave. Adjusting to this new house wasn’t going to be the breeze he’d assumed it would be.


Chapter 2

Lacey and Josie were chatting incessantly, Ralla once again stuck between them in the front cab of Lacey’s truck. Ralla’s silence was due to her having misgivings about leaving the house forever. She’d almost adjusted to being there. Her sleep had been less disturbed, and she’d needed the quiet any afternoon she’d come home from a terrible day at school. Life in the Concrete wasn’t perfect for her. She hadn’t wished to complain knowing the move was happening no matter what.
“Nick was so ambivalent about leaving,” Josie said. “Even after all the paperwork was signed, he kept wondering if he’d made the right decision. If his sister hadn’t been such a pushy little… Never mind.”
“You wouldn’t have been able to look after it forever,” Lacey reasoned. “Wasn’t he still fixing those leaks the other month? Besides, you’re wasting money on fuel driving that far. You’ve already been over this, endlessly. It’s the right thing for the kids, and it’s the right thing for you and Nick. Huntington might pick itself up one day, but right now, it’s not a safe bet to hang around.”
“Just because you’re a sophisticated city chick now,” Josie teased.
“I miss the tavern, I won’t deny it. But I’ve finally passed my beautician’s course, and I’m taking classes in tattooing. I love it. I’m finally doing what I want.”
“Do people really like having pictures etched onto their bodies?” Ralla asked. Her peculiar way of positing hinted at her unusualness. She tried to use terms and common phrases like Seth did, her preference for longer words getting her attention and trouble when she’d merely wanted an answer. Speaking up to be heard was harder still. She repeated herself countless times for being so reticent.
“Some people are addicted to it. Maybe you can ask your mum if she’ll let me give you something for your eighteenth.”
“No,” Josie laughed. “She’ll have to be forty before I allow it. And you know I can’t handle pain.”
“What about piercings?” Lacey asked. “Surely you’re okay with her getting her ears pierced.”
“No,” Ralla said before Josie could. “Thank you.”
“You be you, sweetie,” Lacey said to Ralla. “Don’t ever change for anyone.”
Ralla returned to her muteness.
Kyle had been tracking behind them all through Upton. Now they were heading down the street leading to the new house. The suburb wasn’t particularly old, and the house wasn’t as big as Nick’s place. The backyard was minuscule compared to the plains that had encircled them. Ralla had seen her new room once; she liked the pale blue tones. She and Josie were going to look for new things to adorn her walls; they’d already found some butterfly ornaments to put up. Josie had thrown away all her wind chimes and bells from when she’d tried to chase off Calder.
Nick and Kyle were again tasked with moving the heavy cabinets to the right rooms. Josie told them where everything needed to go, Ralla keeping out of the way. Their beds had been dismantled and had to be reassembled, the day vanishing quickly.
Kyle was helping Ralla shift her bed into place under the window.
“Happy to be out of the storage room?” he asked.
“I guess.”
Kyle was nearly thirty. Ralla wasn’t afraid of him, but he still made her feel timid. He’d been working on and off with Nick almost ten years, quitting to work on mining sites for the extra money. She’d seen him at the tavern whenever she’d been stuck there after school waiting for Josie to take her home.
“Your mum said you’d lived somewhere worse with your dad,” he mentioned.
“I did.”
“Must’ve been horrible being kept away from her.”
“My dad said she was the horrible the one and he was doing me a favour.” She was speaking of Calder, not Brent, who she knew had wantonly and physically abused Josie for the smallest transgressions.
Now the mattress was in place, she took the sheets to make her bed.
“My dad wasn’t a nice guy, either,” Kyle then said, left without a task now but deciding to stay. “Drank too much, which is why I don’t. Took me a while to get past that. He died a few years back. I wasn’t happy or sad about it.”
Ralla didn’t divulge her own relief over killing Calder. Monsters came in many forms, she knew this now. She’d done what she had to do.
“What about your mum?” Ralla asked.
“She was a saint to put up with him as long as she did. I’ve found it easy not to end up like him. I don’t think he was willing to try harder.”
Awkwardly, Ralla replied, “It must have been hard for you as a kid.”
“Hard as it would’ve been for anyone. But, whatever doesn’t kill you, as they say.”
She’d heard this phrase, mulling it over in her memories of nearly been burned to death by Calder. Discovering some parents were as heinous toward their own offspring mortified Ralla. It was still too hard to express this to Kyle.
He must’ve had seen this in her face as he excused himself, Ralla thanking him for his help. Opening her wardrobe to put some clothes away, she caught herself in the mirror inside the door. Mirrors bothered her; she hadn’t grown up with one clear enough to see herself, and this one reflected everything. Her lankiness made her feel gangly when she ran. Her thinness was a point of scrutiny. Her slouch was a product of her sensitivity to prying eyes, her arms often crossed defensively over her stomach as she walked. She came off as snobbish and too smart; knowing anything someone else didn’t seemed to be a grievous crime at her school. Her defences against these onslaughts weren’t robust. A thicker skin was all she needed, so they said. She shut the wardrobe door like she was shutting out everything she hated about herself.
Seth came in with one of Ralla’s suitcases, which she heard him set down by the door. She still kept her back to him.
“You holding up okay?” he asked
“I suppose so. Really tired, though.”
“Same. We only just put my bed together and I already want to go to sleep.”
Seth came over to help Ralla finish making her bed. He was good at stepping in if she was struggling with anything, but much better at knowing when to leave her to it. Her independence was too hard to establish, yet something she wanted so desperately. She hated appearing inept in any regard, the feeling certainly worse at school if she’d been unable to understand a conversation going on around her, or a concept she’d yet to encounter.
“I didn’t want to upset Josie about leaving. I know we had to go. I just needed more time there. All these changes keep leaving me so unsettled but saying anything will only cause trouble, and I’ve done that too much already.”
“You weren’t the one causing all the trouble. It was Calder.”
“Sometimes it doesn’t feel that way. But I know you’re right. I waited for so long to be in the Concrete, I don’t know why I believed I would instantly belong. I do everything I can to appear as normal as possible.”
“You’re more normal than you think,” he said kindly.
Ralla raised her hand and held it in front of her. “I gave up trying to vanish or turn to smoke. Whenever I hear someone laughing behind me, I close my eyes and wish I could disappear, but I can only walk away and pretend nothing happened.”
“We all do that. But if I could punch all those stupid kids for laughing at you, I’d do it.”
She let a quick laugh out. “You’re not that mean, Seth.”
“You know I can be, still I’m glad I have less of a reason to be now.” He went to the door and opened it. “I better go start unpacking, or I’ll be up all night.”
“Seth?”
“Yeah?”
“Thanks for listening to me.”
“It’s no problem,” he replied. “You know that.”
“You’re the only one who understands me. I know you’ll never betray me, no matter what happens. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
“That’s how I feel about you, Ralla. And I don’t care you can’t turn invisible now. I know you’ve got my back. That’s all I need.”
She felt a little better hearing this. Seth didn’t think she could possibly betray him. His trust was more precious to her than anyone else’s. She could count on Josie and Nick for protection. It was being honest with them that was the most challenging part. She didn’t trust she’d be able to keep from disappointing them. Sooner or later, she would do something to hurt them whether she meant to or not. To her, it was as inevitable as the sun coming up each day.



While Nick was officially opening the new auto shop, Josie was tasked with unpacking at home. Assisting Nick would have to wait, though her experience as a bartender in Huntsville meant she was much better with customers now. Nick would’ve rather fixed cars than manage the books, and Lacey had taught Josie a thing or two about accounting.
Suburban housewife hadn’t been in her cards, still Josie was enjoying nesting in their new house, proud to say she now owned a place with Nick. Something of her hadn’t felt like a grownup until she’d been handed the keys, despite being nearly forty. Lacey’s girlish antics kept them both young at heart.
Ralla behaved like an adult so often Josie longed for her to stop taking things too seriously and be a child. Josie couldn’t really encourage it. Seth brought it out of Ralla teaching her his games and by being so good at making her laugh. A flicker of jealousy struck Josie seeing Seth at ease with Ralla in a way she couldn’t seem to be. Ralla hated school more than Seth had done. She hadn’t made any close friends and Seth hardly minded she needed to stay closer to him. Josie couldn’t be Ralla’s best friend no matter how much she wanted it. She’d relaxed her stance on Ralla calling her “mum”, and Seth calling her Josie hadn’t upset her. She didn’t feel any less their mother for it. She wasn’t out to be cool or seemingly nonchalant to other parents; she took discipline seriously but having to raise her voice was very much a thing of the past. Both Seth and Ralla were wonderfully behaved and considerate now. She could forgive them for being a little delinquent; if nothing it would entertain her and she knew they wouldn’t require any scolding for it. A disappointed tone would do. 
Yet it was Ralla who worried about breaking the rules, be it at school or at home. She had a better grasp on social expectations, yet still failed to make eye contact with most people. Josie knew it was bringing her ridicule at school.
Josie picked Seth and Ralla up that afternoon, asking them both if they’d had an okay day. Seth tended to give Josie more info now when the same question usually got her a “nothing” or some similar response. Ralla claimed it was alright, sitting in the back after Seth got in the front.
“You guys want to help me pick up some stuff?” Josie asked them.
“I have to finish my computing assignment,” Seth replied. “Sorry.”
“What about you, Ralla?”
“Okay.”
Josie dropped Seth home, Ralla hopping in the front. Waiting for Ralla to speak had become something of an art form for Josie. She talked about her day, occasionally pausing to let Ralla respond. Ralla let too many people talk over the top of her, never quite confident to interrupt them in kind. But she was an exceptional listener who needed to learn more about others than she wanted them to know of her.
“Do you have much else to unpack?” Ralla asked.
“Plenty. But I can see most of it ending up in the study untouched for a year, like last time. Old habits die hard.”
“Do you like the new house?”
“I love it. You haven’t said much about it.”
“I like my new room,” Ralla replied. “It’s warmer, and I have more space. But the streetlights are too bright outside my window. I didn’t sleep very well last night.”
“Then we’ll get you some thicker curtains.”
“We don’t have to,” Ralla said automatically, a common phrase she used if someone offered to do anything for her.
“You won’t sleep well otherwise. Seth’s window faces the backyard, so does ours. We can always swap the study with your room, they’re the same size.”
“That would be too difficult. New curtains will do. Thank you.”
“You’re so grateful for the smallest things.”
“Should I not be?”
“No, it’s wonderful. People forget to say thanks for tiny gestures. I wish more people were like you.”
“I don’t,” she said bluntly. “Imagine a world full of awkward weirdos like me. It would be terrible.”
“Ralla, just because you had a bizarre upbringing doesn’t make you a weirdo. I know the kids at school think otherwise. They don’t matter.”
“I know it’s not important everyone likes me. I’d rather they not notice me. But I feel like I don’t do anything and they do nothing but notice me. If disappearing didn’t drain me so much, I’d do it more often.”
“I’m sure if you did it’d freak them out enough to leave you alone. But I know it won’t help.”
“Some people just stare at me, and I don’t know what they’re thinking. Is it terrible I wish I could pluck thoughts out of their heads like Calder did?”
“I’ve gotten angry enough to really want to hurt people,” Josie said earnestly. “You can get angry as long as you’re not hurting them. Call them out on it. I’m not saying resort name-calling, but definitely pull them up. I know Seth’s great about defending you, but you’re allowed to defend yourself. If a deplorable monster like Calder couldn’t scare you that much, what’s a couple of school bullies?”
“The difference is I can’t say their names and make them disintegrate.”
Josie took the stoic comment well, accustomed to Ralla’s brutal honesty. If she hadn’t had some animosity toward her new enemies, Josie would’ve been more concerned. This coming from another child would worry any parent. Any child could wind up taking drastic measures.
“If that had been in my power,” Josie replied, “I would’ve left a much bigger trail of dust behind me than you ever will.”
“I don’t want more enemies. I’m not even asking for more friends.”
“I know, sweetie. I’m sorry the Concrete hasn’t been all you wanted it to be.”
“It’s not your fault.”
Shopping for new curtains would have been boring for most kids. Ralla seemed to enjoy spending time looking at the fabrics and swatches in the store. Josie admitted she was hopeless at sewing and didn’t own an overlocker; they’d have to get something readymade. Ralla picked a set of dark purple drapes that were short enough for her window, Josie saying she liked them but they wouldn’t match the paint in the main bedroom. They’d bought the house as is, with no real intention of changing it for a long time.
She took Ralla out to a cafe once their other chores were done, deciding they could share a piece of cake since it wasn’t too late in the afternoon. Ralla tried ordering something for herself, pointing to the menu when the waitress failed to hear her tiny voice ask for a milkshake. Josie hadn’t had a chance to take her out to dinner, and Ralla wasn’t fond of noisy places.
“I had fun today,” Josie said happily. “Lacey and I rarely got to go shopping when we were running the tavern.”
“Am I supposed to like shopping?”
“No one’s meant to like anything, they either do or they don’t. I hated clothes shopping with my mother when I was a kid. She could be so embarrassing sometimes.”
“You don’t embarrass me,” Ralla said, muttering a thank you to the waitress who’d returned with their order.
“Can I get you girls anything else?” the waitressed asked.
“We’re fine, thanks,” Josie said, Ralla turning to the window and letting her blonde hair drop over her face as the waitress left them.
“I used to be really serious like you, until I met Lacey. I needed a sense of humour to deal with all those drunk guys.”
“I don’t think I could be a waitress. I’m not good with people.”
“There’s plenty of things you could do that don’t involve dealing with customers.”
“Will you get angry if it takes me too long to figure that out?”
Josie was sipping her coffee as Ralla said this. She set her cup down, hoping her words sounded sincere.
“I haven’t even figured out what I should be. I get that the teachers at school are putting pressure on you doing well in your exams and finding a career, but some people aren’t meant for big things. I’m glad I’m not running a huge company or even stuck behind a desk all day. Cleaning bathrooms hadn’t even been the worst job I’d done to get by. Whatever you become, I know you’ll always be good. That’s the most important thing.”
There wasn’t any other way to say this and have Ralla accept it completely. Platitudes weren’t something she could respond to without her retreating. Effusiveness derailed her, a simple hug was too hard to offer if she was pensive or preferred to be alone. Any kind of spotlight placed on her brought no end of agitation and Josie hadn’t the means to teach her how to react better. Ralla wasn’t rude but her evasive behaviour was seen as such by some of her sterner teachers.
“How do you know if you’re really good?” Ralla asked, stirring her milkshake with the papery patterned straw.
“It’s impossible to know. A lot of people will believe their actions to be good when they’re only hurting everyone. A kind act to one person might be detrimental to the other. I’ve stayed away from well-meaning people I didn’t trust, and you should too. And sometimes you’ll have to make choices that people don’t like because it’s the right thing to do. I’ve lost count how many decisions I made that broke someone else’s heart. There are dozens more I didn’t make that I should have. Like leaving Brent. There’s nothing I can change now.”
“Why didn’t he let you go if he was so mean to you?”
Josie had been waiting for these questions. She wasn’t ready for any of them. The slice of cake momentarily lost its appeal.
“Some people like to control others relentlessly. They offer you something you know you need, but it comes at too high a cost, and you feel obligated to stay. He knew I had nowhere else to go. I could’ve found a shelter or called a crisis hotline, but I was too proud and stupid. I hope you’re never caught in something like that, Ralla. But if you ever are, I’ll be around to get you out. I won’t make you feel like you can’t call me for help like my mother did.”
“I know. Thank you.”
“You don’t need to thank me, Ralla. It’s my job.”
Josie and Ralla were hanging the new curtains, Nick coming home to find them laughing as they tried to get the rod down. He came in, his height proving useful but still incurring Josie’s mock chagrin.
“You always make me feel too short,” she teased.
“Because you are,” he responded cheekily.
The three of them worked together to finish the job, Josie getting a snapshot in her head of them stuck in the Other. Rapidly running out of air, they’d had to frantically build a door to escape. Defeating Calder had inadvertently collapsed his house and their only way back to the Concrete. Ralla had been enraged from failing the task, still considering Papalia their ultimate hero for coming to take them back with her beautiful magic. Josie wouldn’t have even thought to try; she’d been helping Seth breathe and hopelessly trying to console Ralla in her defeat. Small victories were what kept Josie going, and Ralla needed to find them too to get by.
Ralla and Josie neatly folded the old curtains, storing them away in Ralla’s cupboard.
“Can I ask what was wrong with the other curtains?” Nick asked them.
“They were too thin,” Ralla said, losing her smile like she thought she was in trouble. “They didn’t block out the light from outside too well. I couldn’t sleep.”
“I’m not mad,” Nick told her.
Ralla was still learning how to read others by their tones and expressions. She said she still had some homework to do, Josie and Nick leaving her alone and closing the door.
“I could tell she hadn’t wanted to complain about the curtains,” Josie said to him once they’d moved to the kitchen, standing in the corridor to talk about Ralla less appealing.
“She said something, at least,” Nick said. “That’s the main thing. I’d rather she complain than suffer in silence.”
“This is true.” Josie was trying to find everything she needed to make dinner, already forgetting where she’d stored a particular dish. “But, she’s still pushing herself to get the hang of everything at once. She’s so impatient with herself.”
Nick figured out what she needed and found it for her, passing the dish over. Him being able to read her without too much effort reassured her they were meant to be together.
“You’re more impatient with yourself, Josie. She didn’t have to spend her life with you to not be your daughter. I see so much of you in her.”
“Poor thing,” Josie said wryly. “I’ve cursed her with one of my worst traits.”
Nick squeezed her shoulder, kissing her cheek. “You’ve blessed her with a lot more. And Seth. I’m proud of both of them.”
“It wasn’t all me, you know. I couldn’t have done any of it without you.”
Josie wanted him to know this, she didn’t assume he felt appreciated. She always told Seth how much she loved him, whether it embarrassed him or not. Knowing she didn’t embarrass Ralla was an odd compliment that had delighted her, still it wasn’t enough. Josie couldn’t make Ralla say she loved her, nor would she try. Though she now knew earning someone’s love was more important, it didn’t stop her longing to hear it.







The house was in chaos for the first week. Josie had thrown a few things in boxes and had forgotten where they were, Nick laughing at her for being so haphazard about packing. Seth’s job was to make sure they had a working internet connection, Josie making him set up her new phone.
Ralla didn’t want anything new. Josie had bought her a basic phone, Ralla put off by Seth’s smartphone and its numerous functions she claimed to not need. Social media was just another place for the bullies to bother her. 
Seth was consequently buried in assignments he’d neglected while packing. Ralla was still helping him with his maths homework, while he’d been teaching her stuff for her infotech project. While they’d been studying, Josie mentioned how grateful she was they didn’t need her help. She hadn’t been the best student herself, owning up to cheating on a test once to avoid failing. Cheating still made Ralla uncomfortable. Seth knew this was as natural as breathing to some people. He’d been tempted to copy someone’s work out of fear of failing.
The profound quiet of the fields around the old house hadn’t lulled Seth every night, however resting in his new room was close to impossible. The lumpy mattress he’d slept on throughout his childhood was at the council tip now; he missed it compared to the new bed Josie had bought. He’d sat on it for a moment in the store, saying it was fine without experimenting first because he was bored and wanted to leave. His pillows were new as well, downy and too soft for his head. Another house behind theirs had a pack of noisy kids who spent most evenings outside hollering and screaming, the wailing from perhaps their smallest child like an air-raid siren. Had Seth been that age, he’d have gotten bored out in the minuscule backyard, that could only accommodate a small paved area and a smaller patch of grass where the clothesline stood. A garden bed lined the green metal fence, Josie already considering replacing some of the plants with stone statues or a rock garden.
Stating his opinions while they’d been house-hunting regrettably consisted of shrugs and nods, or a cringe if he’d really disliked something. Ralla’s reticence was more pronounced, Josie pushing for Ralla to be honest about anything she hadn’t liked. Walls could be repainted and curtains replaced, Nick only stipulating he wasn’t about to buy anywhere that might need massive amendments. Seth lost track of the bedrooms he’d inspected; Ralla’s memory was better. She’d corrected him after he’d mixed up two places since they’d been too similar. Josie knew most newer estates had exact floor plans and only the exterior differed. But none of them had been mansions.
Seth had to take the lack of adequate sleep with the chance to finally game with his friends on a decent connection. He’d put off going to bed, more comfortable in his chair playing multiple rounds of whatever he was absorbed in, Nick coming in to tell him it was too late to be up. Seth was good about cutting himself off, his respect for Nick and Josie’s judgement stronger now for their ordeals. He’d pushed his limits while he’d been surly and recalcitrant.
If Ralla was useless at anything, it was disobeying authority figures. She’d tested Calder’s patience more than Josie’s, and he could have easily killed her. Her being concerned about annoying Josie astounded Seth. And the bullies were wearing her down when she’d exhibited nearly boundless bravery towards Calder, who’d ultimately tried to burn her for it. The teachers who’d out and out picked on Seth for failing admired Ralla and respected her intelligence. Mr Carter, her new English teacher, showered praise on her, according to Josie, who’d come back from the last parent/teacher night to tell Ralla all about it. Ralla couldn’t see why Mr Carter was so effusive in his assessment; the work was simple for her. Seth said her comprehension skills compared to everyone else in the class were exceptionally high; she could’ve taken university-level courses by now. He’d been proud of her too, not jealous in the slightest. Ralla was too much of a shrinking violet to ever take commendations with anything but a blush. Seth’s grades were simply better than they used to be; that seemed to satisfy Josie and Nick just as much.
Seth’s friends had commented on his change in attitude, Michael making a comment he was less churlish and prone to weird outbursts. They’d thought him finding out Josie wasn’t his real mother would’ve damaged him more, Ralla seeming to be the magic key to this alteration. They liked her and asked so many questions Seth didn’t think he had the right to answer on her behalf. Them ganging up in an effort to get to know her always ended with Seth telling them to back off.
About a month after the move, Amy Richards, a good friend of Seth’s old girlfriend, was throwing a party at her place that weekend. Weirdly enough, she invited Seth.
“Bring Ralla too,” Amy said cheerily.
“If she agrees. She may not.”
“The only reason people think she’s strange is she hardly ever talks to anyone but you. That, and she never talks about herself.”
“So what if she’s shy?”
“Just bring her,” Amy insisted.
He’d made more of an effort to be sociable now he cared less what people thought. It got around he’d been in hospital; he’d gone back to school to have a lot of people ask if he felt better. His teachers hadn’t been as sympathetic, dumping homework on him the minute they could.
Michael was talking to Seth about a new game during lunch. Seth was on the lookout for Ralla. Now they didn’t have to catch the bus from Huntington, Josie was dropping them off and picking them up. They could’ve walked, it wasn’t that far, but Josie had wanted to get a sense of the area.
Ralla was walking by with her head down, Seth ignoring Michael’s ramblings to track her down.
“Hey,” he said, catching her up. “Where have you been?”
“The library, reading. Were you worried about me?”
“Just couldn’t find you.”
“Sorry.”
“It’s fine. Um… Amy Winters asked us to come to her party this weekend. Did you want to go?”
Ralla’s suspicion was triggered by this. “She wants me to go?”
“Well, yeah… She said so. But if you’re not up for it, neither am I.”
“I didn’t think she liked me,” Ralla said. “She’s friends with those other girls who pick on me all the time.”
“They’re not really her friends, they just suck up to her all the time because she has a cool house with a swimming pool.”
“I can’t swim, remember?” Ralla muttered.
“It’s optional. No one will make you do it. I won’t, it’s not that hot right now.”
“You should go,” she said glumly. “I’ll stay home.”
“I think it might be a good way for you to get to know people. I know I was all whatever about our birthday, but it might be fun. I’ll be with you, you have nothing to worry about.”
“Will there be music?” she asked, like she needed an incentive
“Most likely.”
She warmed up to the idea. “Okay.”
Not even a year ago, any suggestion Seth show up at a party hadn’t been taken well. Josie and Nick hadn’t stopped him going anywhere, and he’d gotten drunk once, winding up too sick to do it again. Staying home and reading or gaming all he’d wanted to do.
Josie was fine with them both going to the party, provided there wasn’t anything untoward planned and they agreed to be home by nine. Ralla acted fine with all this until right before they had to go.
She’d picked out a dress to wear, immediately asking Seth if she was overdressed. Her fine spun blonde hair was brushed neatly over her shoulders. When she’d arrived in the Concrete, she’d been a scruffy waif. She was healthier now, her skin peachy rather than pale, and her cheeks were fuller.
“You look fine,” he said kindly.
“Rebecca Fielding asked me if I’d be there. She had this weird smile when I said yes.”
Rebecca was one of Ralla’s bullies, and this piece of information bothered Seth. “Just stick with me. If they start bugging you, we’ll go.”
“But what if you’re having a good time?”
“I won’t be if they’re bothering you, Ralla.”
“I’ll try to make friends.”
Nick arrived home as they were getting ready to leave.
“I’m assuming this is an alcohol-free event,” Nick asked Seth, pointedly.
“As if I’d be that dumb. We’ll come home soon as it gets lame or inappropriate.”
“Make sure you don’t let Ralla out of your sight. I know she has to get used to these things, but anything can still happen.”
“I know. I promise we’ll come home in one piece.”
Josie was fawning over Ralla before they got out of the car outside Amy’s house. “Remember, you don’t have to do anything anyone says. If they don’t like you for you, that’s tough.”
“I know,” Ralla replied, still edgy.
“Seth will call me soon as you want to be picked up. Make sure he always knows where you are.”
“I will.”
“Have a good time.”
“I’ll try.”
Seth managed to get Ralla away from Josie. He knew the reason for the fussing, and he knew Ralla was growing tired of it. She was restless still; unsettled and unsure.
It was only six; the sun hadn’t gone down yet. No one was swimming, and this dialled down Ralla’s anxiety about this, but a lot of kids were still by the pool. She stayed by his shoulder initially, hovering on the edge of the group he was standing with as he tried to encourage her to stop hanging back.
He went to get something to drink, leaving her staring into the water, withdrawn. When he returned, Lily Edmonson was talking to her, and Ralla seemed to be less guarded. Lily wasn’t part of any crowd from what Seth knew of her; he’d only known her to be friendly. He decided to leave them be and went back to talking to Michael. Still, his eyes were persistently drawn back to Ralla.
So he was too far away when Rebecca approached her. Ralla wasn’t paying attention when Rebecca suddenly shoved her into the pool. He shouted her name as she tripped, Lily darting out of the way.
There wasn’t a splash. Rebecca was laughing but stopped abruptly to witness Ralla vanish, her form disintegrating and coalescing in a greyish mist that drifted over the surface of the water. Seth couldn’t move, tracing the cloud as it made its way to the other side of the pool. The crowd had gone silent, the music still blaring.
The cloud came to rest on the paved poolside, curling into a ball as Ralla slowly reappeared, kneeling with her head dropped. She was trying to catch her breath, the staring from everyone continuing as she looked up.
Seth came to his senses and rushed to her side. Lily was right behind him, concerned for Ralla as Seth told her to keep back. He brought Ralla to her feet now she was trembling.
“I feel dizzy,” she said to him.
“Let’s go.”
Across the way, one of Rebecca’s friends, Lauren, was holding up her phone, clearly recording everything. He asked Lily to stay with Ralla and charged over to Lauren, instantly snatching the phone from her hands and throwing it into the pool. He didn’t stick around to see her reaction.
Lily had already taken Ralla through the house to the front lawn. Seth thanked her for her help and tried to move Ralla away.
“I can give you guys a ride home,” Lily offered. “Saves you having to call.”
“Yes please,” Ralla said.
Seth agreed, seeing it was the quickest way out of there. Lily walked them down to her blue three-door hatchback, opening the passenger door and letting him squeeze in the back. Ralla chose to stay by him rather than take the front seat.
“I don’t know what that happened,” she said stoically. “Rebecca was asking me questions. Suddenly, I was falling backwards. My heart stopped, and then I was smoke. I could see the other side of the pool, and I didn’t want to regain my form over the water and fall in, so I pushed myself to get back to solid ground and away from Rebecca.”
“I’m sorry.”
Lily was now in the driver’s seat. “You okay, Ralla?”
Ralla nodded, Seth knowing it was a lie. He gave Lily directions to their house as best he could for his lack of familiarity with this area of town. She was cool about the accidental wrong turns she needed to correct.
“I’m not friends with Rebecca,” Lily told them. “I went with Josh because I was bored. Rebecca likes to stage stupid pranks on unsuspecting people.”
Seth let the horrid feeling of remorse take him over. He’d known this was likely from Ralla mentioning Rebecca’s pleasure over her being there but he’d stupidly chosen to pay it no mind.
“We shouldn’t have gone.”
“It wasn’t you,” Ralla said to him.
“I just saw you standing alone and decided to talk to you,” Lily said. “I’ve been meaning to say hi for a while, except you’ve always given me a vibe you’d rather be left alone.”
Seth was waiting for Lily to ask what had happened to Ralla. She wasn’t astonished or perturbed. She pulled up at their house and Seth was anxious to get out.
“Do I need to keep what happened a secret?” Lily asked as Seth was clambering out from behind the passenger seat.
Ralla was rubbing her arms and Seth couldn’t decide what to say.
“Say whatever you like,” Ralla told her. “There’s nothing I can do about what happens now.”
“Ralla, maybe that’s not such a great idea.” Seth wanted to go inside but couldn’t be rude to Lily.
“I can’t do it all the time,” Ralla continued. “I doubt it’ll happen again. I think it was because I was scared.”
“We’re not really meant to talk about it,” Seth added.
“I better get going. I’ll see you guys at school.” Lily had picked up she wasn’t going to get any other explanations now.
Josie and Nick were on the couch, barely paying attention to whatever was on the TV. Nick looked half asleep, Seth and Ralla’s entry waking him up.
“You’re home early,” Josie remarked as she sat up. “Did something happen?”
Their failure to immediately answer had Josie turning off the TV and coming up to them. Seth took a second and then came out with it. Ralla was looking away, ashamedly, like they were owning up to a much bigger crime than what had happened.
Josie’s reaction was to fuss inordinately over Ralla and Seth.
“How many people saw it?” Nick asked, now completely cognisant and concerned.
“I don’t know. There were at least twenty people standing around outside, I imagine so Rebecca could get a decent audience to humiliate Ralla.”
“Damn it,” Josie cursed. “I’d love to go cut into her parents right now, but I have no way of explaining this.”
“Are you okay, Ralla?” Nick asked now she’d been silent too long.
Ralla nodded and walked off to her room, Seth seeing her shut the door. Josie couldn’t hold back going after her.
Nick regarded Seth, deeply disturbed.
“I didn’t leave her alone for very long,” Seth explained. “She was talking with Lily. She looked fine, until Rebecca showed. I should’ve been closer to her.”
“It’s not your fault, Seth. I know that. But I’m glad you threw that girl’s phone in the pool.” Nick’s last remark was contrary to what Seth had imagined he’d say to this incident. “Do you think anyone else may have recorded it?”
“I won’t know unless I see it online. It’ll get around if it’s already been uploaded.”
Nick swore under his breath. “I thought she couldn’t do this anymore.”
“She was scared. She had to keep herself from falling in the water. I thought I was going to have to dive in to save her. Calder burning her was the reason she could before. Without a reason, she won’t even try. She was dizzy and shaking after.”
“Poor thing,” Nick said, glancing down the hall.
“What do we do?”
“Whatever she needs. She can stay home from school. I’ll still contact this girl’s parents, they should at least know she’s a brat. Who pushes kids into a pool anymore? It’s juvenile.”
“Rebecca’s been bothering Ralla for a while now. But at least Lily was there. She offered to drive us back, and she was nice to Ralla. She won’t say anything, but I can’t stop anyone else blabbing.”
“We’ll figure this out. Even if we have to play dumb.”
Josie returned without Ralla, twisting her hands. Seth hadn’t seen her this wound up in ages.
“She wants to be left alone,” she said. “She’s so upset, but she’s not crying. She kept saying she should’ve just fallen in the water and let them laugh at her.”
“We should really deal with this Rebecca girl,” Nick decided. “I hate the thought she’s just going to get away with this.”
“No, Ralla doesn’t want us to mention it again. All I want to do is find this girl and give her a piece of my mind, but I can’t go against what Ralla needs right now. She wants to forget it ever happened.”
Seth would’ve gladly done the same if he knew it was possible.





Chapter 3

Ralla couldn’t leave her bed the next morning. Talking about the party with Josie made her sick and weepy, she couldn’t bear it; she’d just wanted to go to sleep and pretend it’d been a horrible dream.
She knew now she’d pushed herself into going to the party, determined to be a normal girl. She hadn’t wanted to talk much until Lily came up while she’d been examining the water. It’d seemed harmless, but the thought of being submerged reminded her of the caves in the Other. She wanted to learn to swim, she’d just not had an opportunity. And it’d been far too cold to swim, yet they’d still all been outside.
Lily had been talking to Ralla about a favourite book of hers, Rebecca sauntering past to say hello.
“I’m thrilled you showed, Ralla,” she’d said, the odd little smile there yet again.
“Why?”
“We’re all so curious about you. Where you’re from, what you’re into… Is it true you were raised by a cultist in the middle of nowhere?”
“No.”
“Is it true you were stolen at birth?” Rebecca persisted.
“Knock it off, Rebecca,” Lily had warned.
She didn’t. “Is it true you can’t even swim?”
Ralla shot Rebecca a look of panic as she was shoved backwards. Her foot caught on the rim of the pool, robbing her of her balance as her vision blurred. Her body didn’t skim the surface of the water, her terror had already turned her to smoke. She’d seen Rebecca’s eyes bulge as she’d drifted away. The concentration it took just to manoeuvre herself to safety and not turn solid had left her so disoriented.
She’d been okay with Seth watching her from a distance. His inability to intervene didn’t strike any sense of betrayal. He’d been right by her side when the rest of the crowd had bombarded her with their staring. Lily’s act of kindness compensated for Rebecca’s absence of compassion.
Ralla was now staring blankly at the wall ornaments across the room. One was a purple and blue butterfly, much like Papalia, which was the reason she’d picked it out. Whenever she’d seen something in the corner of her eye, or noticed a butterfly fluttering around, she had to keep from whispering to it to see if it would respond. Papalia couldn’t come to the Concrete now. She was gone.
The knocking on her door didn’t shift her. Josie still came in with a mug of tea.
“It’s nearly noon,” Josie said tentatively. “Do you want something to eat?”
Ralla shook her head.
“Can you drink this at least?” Josie sat beside Ralla and put the cup on her nightstand.
“I will.”
“I’m so sorry, Ralla. I don’t know what to do to make you feel better.”
“I’ll be okay. I’m only trying not to let myself believe everything he said. But people keep proving him right to me, and I have to wonder why I came here.”
“Calder may have been right about some things, I’ll admit. It doesn’t mean you don’t belong with us.”
“Do I? It’s too hard to fit in at school. Now I’ve gone and made it harder for myself.”
“You couldn’t help it,” Josie assured her. “Maybe they’ll leave you alone now. From what Seth said, everyone seemed terrified of you.”
“I never wanted that. But at least he was there for me. I know he was too far away to stop Rebecca, I don’t hate him for that… Does he think I do?’
“He’s worried about you. We all are.”
“I better talk to him. I’ll get up.”
Josie moved in and embraced Ralla. “I’ve been where you are. I got a lot of grief at school, I can’t stand it’s something that still happens.”
“There’s no point wishing people were nicer. I can only be nice and hope they’ll not treat me badly.”
“You’ve had to grow up so fast,” Josie sighed. “I’m still proud of you for not giving up, and you’ve figured that out well before I ever did.”
Ralla went looking for Seth once she was out of bed and dressed. He was at his computer, his door slightly ajar when she knocked.
“I was worried you might not get out of bed,” Seth said. 
She thought he was waiting for her to be angry with him by the way he kept his shoulders hunched. She wasn’t asking for his shame.
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” she stressed. “I know you weren’t able to reach me.”
“I should’ve paid more attention to Rebecca and Lauren. I didn’t want to talk to them. I was hoping Michael and those guys would talk to you more.”
“It doesn’t matter. I know Lily will still talk to me at school. Do you know her very well?”
“Not really, I only know she’s not mean. I was glad you looked like you were making a friend. I didn’t want to interrupt.”
“I can’t expect you to save me all the time, Seth. You were still there for me.”
“I let you down.”
Something fluttering by his window stopped her. Seth followed her line of sight to witness a large butterfly briefly turn to smoke and drift through the window before becoming solid. Ralla put out her hand and let the butterfly flutter over to rest on her fingertip.
“Papalia!” Ralla gasped.
“I cannot stay long. I’ve had to sneak away to find you.”
Seth carefully came closer. “Is something wrong?”
“It’s not Calder, is it?” Ralla asked, horribly alarmed.
“No, child. He is no more. I’ve come to warn you you’ve piqued the interest of the ones who cast him out of the Other. Spies were sent to keep watch and see if you were continuing his plans. Our highest council believes you were working with him to help humans invade the Other.”
“Why would she do that?” Seth asked, Ralla quietly telling him to lower his voice.
“They do not trust this matter is over. They want to find Ralla and keep her in the Other to stop her doing any harm. They were watching when she turned to smoke. The alarm has been sounded. They will send others to take her with them.”
“I won’t go,” Ralla said firmly. “You have to tell them I’m no threat to them.”
“I have tried. I could barely get away to bring you this message. I’ll try to protect you as best I can without being caught.”
“Can we stop them?” Seth asked Papalia. “What do they look like? We can keep an eye out for them.”
“They could take the form of common people here, so you won’t know them by their actual appearances.”
“How long will I have to be alert, Papalia?” Ralla then asked. “Will they ever leave me alone?”
“All I can tell you is to not exhibit any abilities Calder has taught you. I hope if they don’t witness this again, they’ll grow disinterested in you.”
“I didn’t want to!” Her protest was as hushed as she could make it for her indignation. “I was pushed.”
“They do not care for your reasons. I can’t promise they will give up their spying. I’m sorry I can’t do more. I am not effective to you here. I must go.”
“Be careful,” Ralla told her. “I don’t want you to get in trouble because of me.”
Papalia’s little antennas twitched. “I have been wary of those who put me out. They don’t like I’ve consorted with humans and only allowed me to help you get out of the Other. But they won’t have one of you with their powers wandering around the Concrete.”
“Tell them she can’t even do it without being threatened,” Seth said coldly. “They’re overreacting. None of us ever want to go back to the Other.”
“I’m not trusted there, and they aren’t listening to me. I’m sorry. I have to go.”
Papalia flew back to the window, morphing into a momentary cloud of wispy smoke until she vanished on the other side.
Ralla buckled now her fear was hitting her gut. “I could live with people taunting me for being strange,” she said. “But I can’t be taken back to the Other.”
“We have to tell Josie.”
“No… She’ll be so upset.”
“If we don’t, she might speak to the people who are coming for you and let them too close. We can’t hide it from Nick, either. You need us all protecting you.”
Ralla was weeping now, her hands covering her face. Seth touched her shoulder.
“You’ll be okay,” he said firmly.
“Will I? Papalia couldn’t fend off Calder all that long, now she has to protect me from more than one of these creatures. She’ll never be able to cope. She could be hurt… or killed.”
“Can’t we talk to them? Reason with them?”
“Perhaps. I’m too afraid to try. If they’re anything like Calder, they won’t be kind. Or amenable.”
Josie was calling to them. Seth had to coax Ralla out of his room. Her trembling and sniffing had Josie rushing to her.
“What happened? Don’t tell me someone posted that video.”
“Worse,” Seth said. “Papalia came. She told us the ones who tossed her out of the Other want to take Ralla for using Calder’s powers.”
“What? Why? We want nothing to do with them.”
Ralla darted into Josie’s arms. “Don’t let them take me.”
“She said they sent spies to keep an eye on Ralla, in case she was planning on showing people her powers so they could invade the Other,” Seth relayed, hanging back. “They saw her change, so now they want to arrest her like she’s some combatant. They don’t believe Papalia that she means no harm. They think she was colluding with Calder that whole time.”
“I can’t believe this,” Josie seethed. “Why can’t they leave us alone? We haven’t even told anyone.”
“But now people have seen what she can do, they’re going to start asking questions.” Seth was still speaking softly.
“I have to get out her out of here,” Josie suddenly said.
“It doesn’t matter where she goes,” Seth reminded her. “If Calder could find her anywhere… Papalia said she would try and hold her people off, but she can’t stop them all from coming eventually. All we can do is reason with them; make them see Ralla’s not a threat to them, and neither are we.”
“I don’t want to call them out. If I knew what they were like, perhaps I’d be willing to deal with them. But I can’t trust they’re not as uncaring as Calder was.” Josie reluctantly let Ralla go to find her phone in the other room. “I have to call Nick. Hopefully he can come home early.”
Ralla moved to the kitchen window, hugging her arms, still teary. Seth was hanging back, and she could feel his apprehension from across the room. 
“We can find a way to stop them,” he said confidently.
“How? We don’t know their weaknesses. They could send a group after me, or an army. I have nothing to fight them.”
“If they could see how painful it is to use their powers, how much you hate it, they’d have to believe you want nothing to do with them.”
“I don’t think they’ll care,” Ralla said dismally. “I don’t even think they’ll listen. Papalia was risking her life just coming to warn me. If they catch her and lock her away, or worse…”
Josie returned. “Nick’s on his way. I didn’t tell him everything. He’s closing the shop for the rest of the day.”
“He shouldn’t have to,” Ralla replied.
“Doesn’t matter. This is more important.”
Ralla swallowed and tried to stop crying. “I’m sorry this is happening. I didn’t mean for it.”
Josie led her to the living room to sit with her on the couch. Seth stayed in the armchair across from them, his chin on his fist, grimacing. Ralla knew he was trying to come up with a plan.
“You couldn’t have known they would do this,” Josie said, rubbing Ralla’s back. “None of us did. I thought it was over.”
“If Rebecca was here right now, I’d punch her in the face for this,” Seth grumbled. “If she hadn’t pushed Ralla, this wouldn’t be happening.”
“But they’d still be spying on me,” Ralla countered. “They’d still be looking for signs I was capable. I can’t sense any of them. All the moments I’ve been by myself, was I completely alone? Were they always watching me? Or us?”
Spies were supposed to lurk behind computers, or on the streets. They were physical in some regard, not ethereal operatives working for a society Ralla knew next to nothing about. Calder had given her no information about his home. And Papalia hadn’t filled in the giant gaps he’d left. There hadn’t been time to learn more and Ralla hadn’t wanted to know by then. She hadn’t pondered the Other and its inhabitants once she was back. Their interest in her was invalid.
They hadn’t moved and Nick greeted them with concern, Seth taking it upon himself fill Nick in on Papalia’s message. Nick hadn’t reacted this angrily to anything since he’d discovered Josie had lied to him about Seth. Ralla being the reason for his sudden fury made her shrink more from her guilt.
“I’m sorry, Nick,” she said plaintively. “I didn’t know they’ve been watching me.”
“I know it’s not your fault. But we don’t need these monsters in our lives anymore. We have to find a way to get rid of them that doesn’t involve losing you in the process.”
“I don’t want them anywhere near her,” Josie said vehemently. “We were lucky Papalia could even come to warn her just now.”
Nick dropped defeatedly into the other armchair. “You know I don’t have anything to protect us. I had to give up the rifle, and no amount of security is going to keep them out.”
“We can’t cast spells either,” Josie added. “And Papalia can only do so much. Why can’t they be reasonable?”
“Because they’re nothing like us,” Seth said, keeping the growl in his voice. “Papalia’s the only exception to the rule.”
“What if I make some kind of deal with them?” Ralla asked. “They need to know I’m trustworthy.”
“How do we even know they’re not watching you now?” Nick asked Ralla.
“Papalia would’ve sensed them. She would’ve been in danger herself if they were here.”
Nick was still searching for solutions. “Can we help her?”
“They’ll probably accuse her of siding with us.” Seth was tapping his foot now, his agitation bothering Ralla. “She’s already out of their good books. She was only allowed to get us out of the Other because we weren’t welcome there.”
“I should just go,” Ralla said, aching from the tension around her. “Hand myself in. Maybe they’ll let me go eventually if I cooperate now.”
Josie gasped at this. “They’re not the police, Ralla. And you’re not a wanted criminal. If they keep you there, you’ll die. If that’s what they want, I can’t let you go.” Josie was livid as she said, “I can’t believe they’re putting me in this position again.”
“What position?” Ralla asked.
“You’ll have to stay here with me,” Josie replied. “I can’t let you go anywhere. Not even school. It’ll make sense after what happened last night. I’ll let them know you were involved in a bullying incident, least that way that brat Rebecca can suffer a little for her actions.”
“I’ve been checking all day in case someone else posted anything,” Seth told Josie. “But I haven’t even seen anyone mention it at all. No one’s texted me.”
“They made everyone forget,” Ralla said as soon as it hit her. “They were there, and they took everyone’s memories. They can’t have anyone knowing about me, can they? If we ask Lily, she’ll have no idea what we’re talking about.”
“Are you sure?” Seth asked her.
“Positive. Text Michael and ask him now.”
Seth took out his phone and Ralla watched him quickly type a message to Michael. They all waited without speaking until a buzz indicated a response, and Seth read it over, looking up at Ralla, disturbed.
“He said it never happened. Rebecca didn’t push you; he doesn’t get why I’ve even asked. He said we just left with Lily.”
Josie covered her mouth a moment, going pale. “This is so much worse than I thought. They’re all exactly like Calder. They could take Ralla and make me forget she ever existed.”
“They could do that to all of us, Josie,” Nick said, Ralla seeing he was now feeling the gravity of this situation and was desperate for a way out. “They could turn her into a stranger to us and there’s no way to reverse it.”
Seth was the most disturbed by this. Ralla sensed the prospect of him losing all memory of her was so much worse than losing her physically. 
“Then none of us can leave,” Seth determined. “Not until we know what to do.”
“That’s not fair on any of you,” Ralla cried. “I can’t ask you to do this.”
“How is it fair on you?” Seth shot back. “How is it even fair Rebecca won’t ever learn her lesson now her mind’s been conveniently wiped? If you went to school on Monday, she’d just keep picking on you. They can’t even give you any justice.” 
His frustration escalated. Ralla wanted to calm him, but she could only cry.
“I’m not trying to upset you, Ralla,” Seth quickly said. “It’s not you I’m mad at, it’s this whole thing. You deserve a normal life and they’re keeping you from one.”
“So do you. So do all of you. But I’m still the reason you don’t have this.”
Josie took Ralla’s hands. “I’m not listening to any of this. I’ll do what I have to do to keep you, and I’d do the same for Seth and Nick, you know that. We’ll just do what we have to do, like we did before.”
Nick got up and went to Ralla’s side, putting his arm around her. “We’re not letting you go to anyone. You’re important to me. I know you don’t always think so.”
Ralla lifted her eyes and saw Seth was now kneeling in front of her. “If they want you, they have to go through us. I’m not losing my best team member.”
She wanted to tell him not to do anything dangerous or stupid. She couldn’t have him trying to save her and putting himself in harm’s way.
She could only say, “Thank you.” 

Now she was reliving her nightmare, Josie’s tension was constant, consuming her patience. Every fibre of her being was overwrought. She wanted to storm into the Other and demand these despicable creatures leave her daughter alone. How dare they make Ralla suffer this way, and bring threats back into her life when she’d barely recovered from the traumas Calder had inflicted. Josie wanted to hurt all of them, save Papalia. She wanted to turn them to dust.
It was possible to take care of some things from home. Nick didn’t need Josie every day, Kyle was able to run the front shop, and she could issue orders and pay the bills from the study. Guilty as she felt realising she was putting Ralla under house arrest again, it had to be done.
Under her panic over this new disaster, Josie was fuming, impotent now she couldn’t even go after the rotten girl who had pushed Ralla into the pool. She couldn’t call this girl’s parents and lay into them. She couldn’t contact the school about it. Any evidence she needed to protect Ralla against something so stupid and commonplace as bullying had been wiped by her other enemies. How could poor Ralla not believe that everyone in the whole world, and the Other, were completely against her?
Calder was the one who’d curse Ralla. Whatever useless traits she had inherited from Josie were outweighed by every one of Calder’s powers. His legacy, or rather his revenge, was to leave Ralla open to attack from the inhabitants of the Other. Josie hoped he didn’t have a spirit or soul that was elsewhere, laughing at this turn of events and revelling in Ralla’s misery.
Even if this horrid Rebecca had lost the memory of pushing Ralla, Josie knew she’d still attack Ralla at school anyway. In Ralla’s shoes, Josie would have punched Rebecca in the nose, just as Seth had wanted to. She’d have gladly gotten suspended for it. Josie hadn’t gotten in scraps at school herself, but she’d had verbal arguments, tormented enough to carry around a near-permanent grudge against everyone. Calder’s first act of so-called kindness had been to vanquish a pair of boys terrorising her, a favour she’d have declined had she known his eventual motivations.
She’d been an angry, recalcitrant teen with few friends and many grievances, some of those lingering and resurfacing now her daughter was in the same place.
Ralla’s reactions from the incident were more of shame than anger. She’d repeated she wished she’d just fallen and gotten wet, the resultant humiliation a far better consequence. She’d have gotten over it faster. If she’d been braver, she would have let herself drop into the pool.
“My fear turned me to smoke,” Ralla said.
“I’m sorry we hadn’t given you a chance to learn to swim. That was my fault. I could’ve gone with you to the local pool and just gotten you used to being in the water.”
“It’s okay, I don’t think I was all that keen to go. I figured people would pick on me for all the things I couldn’t do. Coming here has only proven how much I don’t understand. And Calder had no interest in teaching me the skills I needed in the Concrete. So how can you be to blame? He stole me and every opportunity I had.”
Josie had wanted to cry more than Ralla did. She kept her sorrow within knowing Ralla would feel worse for seeing it.
“Not a second of this is your fault, Ralla. I have to take responsibility. I agreed to Calder’s demands to save myself and sacrificed your freedom…”
Ralla stopped Josie. “Don’t go over this again. Please. I can’t hear it anymore.”
Josie’s attempt to hold her failed, Ralla pushing her away.
“What can I do? I don’t mind calling Rebecca’s parents.”
“Please don’t. I’d rather forget about it. I know Rebecca will just pick on me when she sees me again. I don’t care about that.”
Josie agreed to this, proud of Ralla but so disheartened seeing there was nothing she could do to make her pain go away.
Seth’s own remorse over not being able to intervene couldn’t be assuaged with Josie’s insistence. His account of the party was laden with regrets as well; he should’ve stayed closer, or convinced her to stick with his friends. He should’ve trusted her instincts something would go wrong. Josie would have left Ralla alone too had she been there, and she told him this, that he couldn’t have known Rebecca would go and shove Ralla.
“It wasn’t much good me throwing the phone in the water,” Seth had explained after Nick informed Josie this had happened. “It doesn’t wipe the memory. Soon as you dry it out, you can recover whatever’s on there.”
“I would have done it too,” Josie had replied. “And I certainly wouldn’t be offering to replace it. If they do put anything online, at least then we can report them for assault.”
“Ralla wouldn’t want that,” Seth told her firmly. “She just told you she’d rather forget about it.”
Josie’s sigh of frustration had been sharp. “She hasn’t done anything to deserve this.”
With the discovery agents of the Other had been spying on Ralla, Josie felt utterly violated. Had they been in Huntsville, surveying her for signs of Calder’s powers? They may have been lurking around the school, or in Ralla’s room; a constant, unseen presence worse than any haunting Josie had heard of. 
These beings left no trace but were waiting to catch Ralla out, as fixated as Calder had been to make Ralla just like them. Would Ralla forever end up their unwilling puppet?
The sense of impotence was unbearable. Josie was slamming cupboard doors and grumbling to herself, Nick having to come in and temper her rage.
“I want to throttle these creatures as much as you do, Josie. But you can’t walk around taking it out on everything around you.”
“What else can I do?” Josie cried. “All Ralla wants more than anything is to be left alone here. In her world. Why can’t she have that?” Her voice broke, her weeping sudden and unbridled now.
Nick’s embrace brought her down. She was going to have to lean on him again through this, and that upset her too.
“Why did I hope for things to be different?” she bemoaned. “Why did I even think they would be okay?”
“What reason did you have to think otherwise?” he asked. “We were practically banished from the Other. I thought it was over. I was looking up and thinking everything would be fine. It doesn’t make us foolish, or wrong.”
“I let my guard down.”
“Did it need to be up at all? Ralla’s blaming herself just as much as you are now. You both have to stop so we can focus on protecting her properly. She already knew you couldn’t be there for her all the time. She wants her independence and she’s willing to learn from her mistakes. You can’t make her life picture perfect, Josie. You just can’t.”
“I can hardly make it better than it was, Nick. She was already so unhappy.”
Seth walked in to see Josie in a state now. She had to turn away quickly, trying to cover her tears.
“What’s wrong?” Seth asked.
“We’re just feeling powerless right now,” Nick said, Josie willing to let him speak for her since he was right.
“Doesn’t mean we are,” Seth replied. “They’re not going to take her away. Not if I have anything to do with it.”
Josie smiled at him, grateful for his strength. She’d wanted to appear just as stalwart when they’d all promised Ralla they’d protect her, only the doubt still found its way in.
“She needs us to keep our wits about us. She can’t be the only one on the lookout, even if she can’t go anywhere.”
“Of course,” Josie said. “And I’m sorry I’m so upset. I just cannot stand to see her go through this again. It’s not fair.”
“I don’t think they care if it’s fair or not,” Seth said grimly.
“But they can’t all be like Calder,” Josie reasoned. “Papalia isn’t.”
“They cast her out,” replied Seth. “She’s suffered from Calder’s actions and they haven’t. And she’s been stuck in the Concrete long enough to have empathy for us. She’s risked a lot coming to warn us.”
The debt they owed to Papalia for saving them could never be repaid, and now they needed more from her. The old woman couldn’t even live out her life in the Other in relative peace.
“We’re lucky to have her on our side,” Nick put in. “But I don’t want her suffering for this, either.”
“They don’t trust her,” Seth told them. “I’m sure if she’d been able to warn us Ralla was under their watch for so long, she would have. Then Ralla would’ve been more careful.”
“There’s nothing we can do about that now.”
Ralla’s entrance hushed them. Josie remained still, Ralla’s guarded stance and solemn expression signs she wasn’t seeking comfort. She seemed more disgruntled they were even discussing the matter.
“Sorry, Ralla,” Josie said guiltily. “We shouldn’t be talking this way.”
“I’d rather help you with dinner,” she replied bluntly. “That’s something I can do.”
Josie swiped another tear from her eye, the four of them deciding that was the best idea. 
Ralla’s immeasurable resilience was one thing Josie had forgotten about. They could depend on each other now when they’d been divided before, the realisation they were finally a real family granting Josie the glimmer of hope she needed.

Seth went online to talk to Michael once Ralla had calmed down. He needed to confirm Michael had indeed lost his memory. But the more Seth grilled him over chat about the party, the madder Michael got. He ended up calling Seth to have a go at him.
“Why do you keep suggesting Rebecca did anything?” Michael demanded. “She didn’t even talk to Ralla. You guys just left, didn’t even say anything. I think I’d remember someone being pushed into a pool.” He added with a quick chuckle, “Lauren was dumb enough to drop her phone in there, though. She’s such a klutz.” 
The spies could’ve easily wiped or altered the footage. Seth’s move hadn’t been all that smart; the data could’ve still been recoverable, he’d banked on Lauren being too dumb to know that. 
“Sorry,” Seth said, giving up. “Maybe I dreamt the whole thing.”
“I should say you did. Anyway, I’ll see you at school tomorrow.”
“Actually, Ralla and I won’t be there… We’re both sick. Caught some weird bug over the weekend.”
“Would explain your crazy fever dream, then,” Michael chuckled.
Seth’s amusement was in too short a supply to laugh along. “I have to go.”
“Later.”
Michael’s enforced amnesia also robbed Seth of any sympathy over this situation. Seth hoped his friends would’ve defended Ralla and hassled Rebecca for her immaturity. They’d all just stood there, too dumbstruck to even ask if Ralla was okay. Seth rushing her out of there was vital; he’d nearly railroaded anyone in his path, including Michael. He could see himself unfriending a lot of people once he was back at school, and he wouldn’t care to give them the reason why.
Ralla was in her room, sitting on her bed against the headboard. Seth still had homework to do. None of it was important now.
“I talked to Michael. He definitely can’t remember anything.”
“You didn’t believe me?”
“I just wanted to make sure,” Seth replied steadily.
“I understand. I don’t know what I’ll do if you forget me. I have no idea how I’m meant to deal with this place without you. I know you’ll have to go away one day, I’m just not ready for that.”
“It won’t be for a while,” Seth said, keeping away from her rather than sitting near. Being under house arrest again was going to unravel her; she’d easily lash out if cornered by concern. “I might not even leave town. There’s no reason we couldn’t apply to the same university, and maybe we can live somewhere together.”
“We could?”
“I don’t see why not. Anyway, you probably have a better chance of getting into university than I do. All the teachers say you’re the smartest one in our year.”
Ralla didn’t relax at all, she was still scrunched up. “That won’t mean much if I end up back in the Other.”
Seth gave her a look.
“Sorry.”
“I know you’re scared,” he said. “But you’ve been sitting in here for an hour and nothing’s happened. So you’re in the right place.”
“I’m trying to see if I can sense them,” she explained. “I haven’t had to be so vigilant about anyone I couldn’t see for so long, I was too busy worrying about the ones I could see.”
“That never would’ve made sense to me before I met you. And I was getting used to not having to look over my shoulder all the time. This sucks.”
He knew she was about to say sorry. She bit her lip and kept quiet instead.
“Why don’t we do something else, since we’re stuck in here,” he suggested. “Did you want to play a game?”
“I don’t really feel like it.”
“Do you want me to go?”
“Can you just stay and talk to me?” she asked. “I can’t sit here with the thoughts in my head going around and around… I can’t keep thinking about ending up in the Other somewhere. I wish I could stop thinking altogether.”
“I know.”
She gestured to the space on her bed under the window and Seth made himself comfortable, not saying anything as he looked up at the sky. She didn’t want him keeping watch for danger.
“Are you glad we moved here?” she asked.
“I’m getting used to it. It’s definitely not as cold.”
“True. I don’t need three pairs of socks to stop my feet getting frostbite,” she laughed.
“Do you like your room?”
“It’s nice. Cosy.”
Seth had deliberately kept out of her room until now and hadn’t had much of a look around. He took in her wall, appreciating the effort Josie had gone to decorating it. “I like your butterflies. The middle one looks like Papalia.”
“Do you hate her for coming back?” Ralla asked.
“Of course not. We’d be oblivious. But maybe we should’ve kept her with us.”
“No, she has to be there. She’s working her magic on me rather than those who are after me. She’s concealing me, so staying put makes it easier on her.”
“You’ll probably go stir-crazy eventually, not being able to leave and all. Josie’s ordering stuff to the house so she doesn’t have to go anywhere, and Nick had to hire someone else just to run the shop.”
Ralla went sour. “This is wrong. You should be able to live your lives.”
“I’d rather be here and know you’re safe,” he said earnestly. “It’s getting me out of school, too. So it can’t be all bad.”
“You might start missing it,” she said.
“Nope. Not possible.”
Seth had too much fun making Ralla laugh, and she didn’t care if he was goofy or lame. He said all he could to keep Ralla’s mind off this new drama. Though he absolutely resented being in this position again, he wasn’t going to hold it against her; he knew she was scared he would.
She was talking about how she felt guilty Lily’s mind had been wiped. “She was trying to be my friend and now she’s been affected. I know I can’t keep blaming myself. It’s so hard not to.”
“It’s better she doesn’t know. If you want, we can set you up a profile and you can add her as a friend. And we can put some cute little profile picture up, like a butterfly, and I’ll make sure it’s totally private so no one can add you unless you say so.”
“That’s more your thing. I wouldn’t use it much. I don’t really have a thing.”
“You read, and you’re getting pretty good at drawing. And you like music.”
“I’ll think about it.”
The room suddenly went dark and it wasn’t that late in the day. Seth and Ralla both looked up at the sky, now covered in dense, rolling clouds. He shut the curtains and pulled Ralla away from the window, calling out to Josie and Nick.
Josie rushed out, flustered. “What’s going on?”
“We saw the clouds again,” Ralla told her. “It’s like when Calder came.”
“Don’t panic,” Josie replied, slightly unsteady. “It was supposed to rain today at some point.”
“I told you she was perceptive,” said a wispy voice behind them.
Josie was stuck fast where she was. Seth turned before Ralla dared to. Two women in pale, billowing clothes were standing at the front door, which hadn’t opened. Nick burst in from the garage and took Josie by the shoulders.
“Who are they?” he asked.
The taller of the two women spoke. Her long, silvery hair looked brittle and her skin was pallid, making her sapphire blue eyes more striking. 
“My name is Erania. This is my escort, Kel. We’re not here to cause you harm. You’ll give the girl to us, and we will go.”
Josie stormed forward. “No. I’m not playing games with any of you. I’ve done my time living at the whim of you monsters. She took care of Iraldon. What else do you need from her?”
“She can’t remain in the Concrete while she has any capabilities our kind possess,” Erania said, unmoved by Josie’s words.
“She’s not capable,” Seth said, stepping in front of Ralla. “What you saw was a freak accident. You’ve taken care of anyone who saw it, we know that.”
Erania went on, unhindered by Seth’s aggression. “Ralla has been granted gifts she’s not entitled to, and Iraldon had no right to teach her. We cannot trust she won’t use them for her own will, or teach them to anyone here who might be a threat to us.”
“She could’ve shown me,” Seth argued. He almost let slip Calder had given him the same tutelage, only he’d been far too weak for it to work. “It makes her weak and sick, she barely has the strength. She thought her life was in danger and she couldn’t control what happened.”
“That is our concern,” Erania stated. “She cannot control it.”
Ralla went ahead of Seth and Josie. “If I go with you, you’ll not damage their memories of me, or hurt them in any way?”
“We won’t,” Erania replied. “We are protecting our people and our world from hostiles. We have no interest in the Concrete.”
“Then leave her alone and take her word she’ll never use your precious powers again,” Josie shouted.
Ralla persisted with her line of inquiry. “Can I come back?”
Josie gripped her wrist. “Ralla, don’t.”
“You will have to remain in Otharine until we can be sure you are rid of your abilities,” Erania affirmed. “Given the time spent on your training with Iraldon, your cellular structure has been modified to a degree only we can erase with time and effective measures. We will return you when we’re certain you’re no longer capable. We cannot say how long that will be.”
“Otharine,” Ralla repeated. “This is the true name of the Other.”
“It is,” Erania answered. “We’ll take you to our main city, Indulae. We have a room for you there.”
“She is not leaving this house,” Josie avowed. “You’re not going mess with her. She can’t survive there as long as you think.”
“We have measures of keeping her alive,” Kel then said, her voice younger and lilting compared to Erania’s. Her bashfulness told Seth she didn’t speak as often, or had the same authority as Erania. She had a pretty face that was rounder than Erania’s, and she kept her own silver hair hanging around her face. “She won’t come to any harm. We need to be certain she hasn’t any hostile intentions and was not in league with Iraldon.”
“She escaped him,” Josie sneered. “She was his victim, as was I. Why would you think she’d have ever sided with him?”
“We are aware of his impact on this realm,” Erania said condescendingly. “And we are appreciative of Ralla’s efforts to destroy him.”
Nick was now standing beside Josie. Seth wanted to run away with Ralla, yet she was discussing terms with the enemy like it was her only option.
“She either comes with us peacefully, or we will take her by force,” Erania threatened.
“Then you take me as well,” Josie boldly replied. “If you’re capable of keeping her alive, you’ll give me the same concessions.”
“We cannot allow for that,” Kel returned, the smallest lilt of sympathy in her timid voice. “We can only keep Ralla alive. We haven’t the means for any other creature from the Concrete.”
Ralla took Josie aside. “They won’t go without me,” she said resolutely. “But they will let me go. Eventually.”
“When?” Josie cried. “In a year or a hundred years? Time moves differently there. We could be gone by the time you get back.”
Ralla returned to Erania. “I’ll go if you return me within a year.”
Josie whimpered. Erania appeared dubious.
“You know I can bend the ground and affect time in the Other,” Ralla continued. “You know I have a better understanding of your world. I’ll work with you, and you will return me within one year from this day. I won’t seek to escape or manipulate anything, and I’ll abide by your orders. You have my word.”
“We’ll do what we can to return you in that time,” Erania replied. “Papalia claimed you weren’t like-”
“Them?” she asked, gesturing to Josie. “I am. I belong here. But you’re just going to make things harder for everyone around me, and if this is the only way to get your kind out of my world, then I’ll go.”
Seth couldn’t watch this go down and say nothing. He showed Ralla his fury, barely contained. “Why are you doing this?” he demanded of her.
“For you. So this ends and you can have a normal life. I will come back.”
“What if it’s a trick, Ralla? Why are you trusting them like this?”
“They’d have harmed us by now if that was all they wanted… I’m sorry, Seth.”
“You can’t do this to Josie. She only just got you back.”
Ralla cast one brief glance at her mother. “Sometimes, we have to make choices people don’t like, because it’s the right thing to do.”
Josie was standing in Nick’s arms. She heard this and sobbed, Seth sensing this exchange meant more to the pair of them.
 Ralla’s eyes were rimmed with tears, yet she remained steadfast.
“This is what you want?” Nick asked Ralla.
“It’s what I have to do.”
“As you’ve cooperated thus far,” Kel interrupted, “you have our solemn promise Ralla will be brought back to you.”
“If any of you harm a hair on her head…” Josie threatened.
“You’re letting her go?” Seth shouted at her. “You of all people?”
“Seth, it’s her choice,” Nick said calmly.
“It’s an ultimatum!” Seth cried. “You heard them. They take her either way.”
“So it’s better I go this way,” Ralla said to him.
“You said you didn’t want this. Were you lying?”
“No. I’d never lie to you.”
“Or do you really want to be there?” he said accusatorially. “To be like them?”
“No. You know me,” she insisted. “You know I wouldn’t be doing this if there was another way.”
He couldn’t look at her, his trust now broken. She was abandoning them when he’d promised her he’d never do the same.
“Seth…”
“Just go,” he muttered dismissively.
“I’m sorry.”
“I know.”
He refused to watch her say her goodbyes to Josie, whose heart she was smashing to pieces. Nick wasn’t putting up any kind of fight for her like he’d said he would. They were both agreeing to her walking away like she meant nothing.
But Seth regretted his behaviour the instant he looked back to see Ralla had already gone.




Chapter 4

Ralla was transported in seconds to the Other, directly to Indulae. Immediately, she felt the thinness of the air, quick to succumb to suffocation, the sight of the gorgeous gleaming city in the valley below now blurring. Kel grabbed Ralla and put her hand over her mouth to muzzle her.
“Swallow,” Kel instructed.
Ralla felt something slip into her mouth and lodge itself in her throat. It didn’t choke her, but she couldn’t make it go down. 
Kel took her hand away. “Now breathe.”
Taking a deep breath through her mouth, Ralla’s chest expanded fully. The struggle to pull in the air was gone, and after a moment she could breathe normally through her nose. Whatever was in her throat had dissolved.
Erania and Kel didn’t wait for Ralla to gather herself, they kept her walking down a broad path between a long series of buildings of varying heights. The path was translucent and appeared to be stretched over a body of water. People were stepping out of their homes to stare at Ralla. They were humanoid and oddly gaunt, like Iraldon had been, their eyes as cold as his. Those in pairs or groups whispered to each other. Ralla may as well have been at school for all the consternation and judgement she was receiving. A naive looking child was moving to reach out at Ralla, brave enough to want to touch a stranger; braver than Ralla could be then. Whoever was in charge of them had to yank the child back.
“Where are we going?” Ralla asked, watching the curious child.
“To the central chambers to meet with Jeslan,” Kel replied.
“Is he in charge here?”
“He is interested in meeting you,” Erania said. “He has questions.”
“Then what will happen?”
“You’ll be taken to your lodgings,” Kel informed her. “We have no means of feeding you, so we must shut down your body’s functions to sustain you.”
“You promised Josie you wouldn’t harm me,” Ralla protested.
“Harming you would be leaving you to starve,” Erania remarked coldly. “You’ll grow accustomed to this procedure.”
“But you’ve never harboured a human in this place before, have you? How do you know it will work?”
“There has been one other man from the Concrete who lived here as you shall,” Kel told her. “We know this will work.”
As they walked, the short path they were on stretched itself forward around the buildings, extending with each footfall from Erania. They were headed toward a particular building, substantially taller than those around it. This wasn’t a conventional city; there weren’t any indications of stores or houses, and the constant swirling of colours moved through the walls and windows, the intricate patterns almost imperceptible. Similar patterns were evident in the robes the people wore. By the light of the Concrete, they hadn’t been visible. There were no doors, as anyone within or without could walk through the walls. Ralla knew she’d not be able to do this, so there was nowhere for her to hide.
A gathering of inhabitants had converged at the entrance of the main building they were heading. The path was flat at first, Erania’s approach causing it to rise into a slope that lifted them to a long balcony. Kel stopped, Ralla remaining beside her as Erania put her hand to a featureless wall ahead of them. An archway formed, revealing a hall for them to enter. Kel told Ralla to go on ahead.
Rows of columns of twisting, coloured smoke, each tendril manoeuvring upwards into many braids, ran endlessly before Ralla. A glance up confirmed there wasn’t a ceiling these columns could reach, suggesting an infiniteness that knotted Ralla’s insides.
She looked at her feet to see herself standing on another translucent floor that looked like smokey glass, the water moving calmly beneath it. Glancing back, she watched the archway gradually stretch to cover the wall without leaving any sign of the entry’s existence.
Erania led them through the central corridor ahead of them. Ralla kept looking off to her left, unable to see any walls or rooms beyond the multitude of columns. Their footsteps were silent, Ralla’s sneakers not even squeaking along the floor. She continued on, now flanked to her front and back by Erania and Kel respectively.
Someone approached them from out of the shadows. The mists were parting and lightening to reveal they were standing in a circular chamber. This person was only slightly taller than Ralla, their features younger, almost boyish, with their round nose and soft chin. These were dissimilar traits to those she’d seen in the inhabitants of Indulae. 
He came to a stop in the centre of the chamber, his lengthy arms remaining at his sides. Ralla saw his clothes — darker and more noticeably patterned — were loose about his frame. He appeared serene and less threatening than those who’d come to greet her outside. His dark hair reminded her of Seth, and his piercing emerald eyes were examining Ralla without much sign of his intentions. The ambiguity put Ralla at immediate odds with this creature.
“Jeslan, this is the child from the Concrete, Ralla,” Erania announced to the boy.
“Thank you, Erania. I’ll call on Kel when I’ve finished speaking with our guest.”
Erania and Kel both gave Jeslan a respectful nod and departed, the chamber walls closing in on either side of the corridor to lock Ralla in with Jeslan.
There weren’t any tangible pieces of furniture to sit on until Jeslan waved his hand. A bulge rose from the floor behind Ralla, shaping itself into the form of a large, ornate chair. Ralla took the invitation to sit, watching Jeslan place himself in a similar chair directly opposite her.
“Your room will be more like you’re familiar with, Ralla,” Jeslan said. The pitch of his voice made him sound older than he appeared. “I do not intend for you to suffer. I only need to know you’re not our enemy.”
“I never was. Your enemy was Iraldon and I took care of him.”
“I know. The tales I’ve heard of you have confused me. Some have called you maligned, others said you were kind but misguided. My elders were the ones who cast Iraldon out years ago for his meddling in the Concrete. Papalia has since redeemed herself, and she was honest about you and your intentions not to return. If I could leave you in your world as you are, I would. But I cannot. And I was curious about you. We’ve not had anyone from the Concrete in this city in many years.”
“Kel said there was a man who’d lived here before.”
Jeslan folded his hands in his lap. Ralla didn’t consider him to be any sort of royalty, even with his proper behaviour and decorous speech.
“He stumbled into Otharine by accident, and my people took pity on him. Their curiosity led them to find ways of keeping him alive here, and he grew accustomed to this world, eventually deciding to stay. He learned to manipulate his cells into air to pass through walls, though will less efficacy than someone who was born here. While he and Iraldon never formally met, I believe it was this man who inspired Iraldon to act out and become obsessed with the Concrete.”
“Iraldon never told me a human lived here. But then, he never told me this place was really called Otharine. He constantly referred to it as the Other. I knew there were cities beyond the mountain range, but he couldn’t bring me to them until I was more like him.”
“He had a disdain for his people and his life here. We refused to grant him any understanding or leniency when he was caught. We could not condone Papalia’s actions, though we knew Iraldon had tricked her, she was just as guilty. I asked her a great deal of questions about the Concrete when she returned to us, however she claimed she’d remained close to Iraldon to keep an eye on you.”
Ralla’s heart skipped hearing Papalia’s name. She needed to see her. “She wanted to make amends to my mother for my disappearance. Can I see her? Is she here?”
“You will meet with her. She has offered to keep you company. But she won’t be aiding in your treatments.”
“What do these treatments entail?”
“We’ll do what we can to prevent hurting you.”
Ralla tried to remain calm and not exude any tension. Now her body instantly recoiled imagining them cutting her open to pull out her offending powers.
“We won’t be using any instruments you’re familiar with in the Concrete,” Jeslan assured her. “The waters that flow under this city are capable of manipulating cells. You will be contained within them for as long as it takes to return your body to its natural state.”
“You’re going to drown me?” Ralla panicked.
“In a manner of speaking. The process will involve you being submerged. You will be held down to the base of a large vat, unable to move as it fills with water. Your practitioner shall be able to view you from the outside and monitor your progress. Once we are satisfied this process has finished, we will let you go home. I cannot say how many treatments it will take to achieve this.”
“But I’ve not learned to swim in the Concrete. I’ve not been underwater at all, except to take a bath.” Owning up to this meant nothing in terms of embarrassment if her life was genuinely in danger.
“We won’t let you die. You will have to trust that my people know what they are doing.”
“I don’t believe you,” she said, overwhelmed by the thought she’d been tricked into coming here. “You’re going to kill me. You’ll let me drown.”
Jeslan rose to approach her. “We won’t. I need you alive for another reason I’ve not disclosed to my people. I have many questions, more than you could possibly answer now, so you will spend time with me answering them. You may ask me any questions you like.” He put out his hand but she couldn’t take it. “You know that if I’d wanted you dead, I’d have left you to suffocate the moment you arrived. I want you here. I will take care of you.”
Survival here would only be founded on trust and acceptance. Ralla scanned Jeslan’s eyes, searching for the same dishonesty Calder had exhibited.
“My hope is you will become my friend, Ralla.”
“I’ve never been good at making friends,” she said, allowing herself to take his hand as she stood.
He put her arm in his, walking with her as the wall in front of them manipulated itself to make another archway.
“I will show you this city,” Jeslan said, “and tell you anything you want to know. I won’t keep secrets the way Iraldon did.”
“I didn’t tell anyone else in the Concrete what I did know of Otharine,” Ralla replied. “Only my mother and Nick, and Seth.”
“The boy who Iraldon brought here. We know of him. We wanted your family gone from this place, and Papalia has stated they won’t ever return.”
“He was upset I left. I feel terrible I had to come here.”
“You have made the right choice. Your willingness to agree prevented us forcibly removing you and destroying your family’s memories. Some of my associates were keen to do this to obtain you. I was the one who sent Erania to offer you a chance to hand yourself over.”
“So you are in charge here,” Ralla pressed.
“We don’t have hierarchies in the strictest sense. I have been appointed to serve as a leader of sorts. I can give this up to any person here I wish, at any time. I could even hand it to you.”
Ralla was not thrilled by this suggestion. She’d not come to conquer or join them. And Jeslan’s gentlemanly actions weren’t inspiring any romantic thoughts. He may have been hospitable, but he was still of Iraldon’s ilk.
Jeslan escorted Ralla through a tunnel suspended over a vast stretch of water. She knew the walls and floor weren’t entirely solid; this wasn’t glass — or any other earthly substance — keeping her from falling. He stopped her and gestured out to the darkening horizon, the azure sun setting somewhere behind them. The mountain range stretching from what she assumed was east to west had to have been the same she’d seen from the border between the Concrete and the Other.
“Indulae was built entirely above water,” Jeslan stated, much like a tour guide. “Firmer land lies beyond those mountains, along with the forests.”
“Iraldon and I lived there, past the forests.”
“That boundary is gone,” Jeslan advised. “We have others, but they’re closely guarded now. I have wondered what life in the Concrete is like, and if I could spend perhaps a day or two there. But I’d prefer to remain here and have you tell me what you know.”
“You wouldn’t experience it through my words. Seth wanted to come to Otharine based on my account, but then he was abducted and he nearly died here. Iraldon tried to convince me the Concrete wasn’t worth knowing. I still chose it over this. Otharine is beautiful and tremendous. Most would find it breathtaking. That’s hard to deny.” She hadn’t been so moved by it.
“Yet there is more in the Concrete that pleases you.”
Jeslan’s touch was tangible but light, his cold skin too much like Calder’s, stilling her when it brushed her wrist. Without blood in their bodies, Ralla couldn’t imagine they’d ever be warm.
The air around her was without any scent, and she knew she wouldn’t taste or smell anything here. The endless quiet would madden her as it had in Calder’s house. Her vision would be filled with wondrous vistas and fantastic structures, but she was sure none of it would truly impress her.
Jeslan prompted Ralla to carry on to another outer chamber where Kel was waiting for them. Ralla hadn’t heard him summon Kel as he’d said he would. Telepathy could’ve been involved. If Jeslan could read her thoughts, Ralla couldn’t tell; the likelihood of him admitting to this was too slim. To place any trust in Jeslan too rapidly would undo her. Strangers in the Concrete ushered less concern inside her.
“It’s time for Ralla to rest,” Jeslan said to Kel. “Will you take her to her chamber and prepare her?”
“I shall, Jeslan.”
“Your treatments will begin once you wake,” Jeslan informed Ralla. “Afterwards, you and I will meet again to continue our discussion.” He patted her hand before detaching himself. “Goodnight, Ralla.”
Kel took Ralla away, leaving her no time to see Jeslan go.
“I am happy to be of service to you, Ralla,” Kel said amiably. “Erania may have greeted you with more distrust, but I don’t hold any ill will towards you. I hope you’ll come to trust me.”
Ralla’s chamber was unlike any other room she’d seen so far. While it was still circular in shape, the walls were made of glossy blue opaque stones, tiny lights trapped swirling within them. The floor stretched over another part of the lake, clear as glass to grant her the unsettling sensation of walking upon the water itself. She was sure the floor was too thin to support her here; it would crack like ice eventually, making her want to tiptoe rather than lay her foot flat. A single window directly across from the entryway gave her a view of the sky. Directly below, she could see an expansive quarter of the city, now glowing magically as the night arrived.
They’d provided a simple bed for her with thin white sheets and bulging pillows. A polished wooden table stood under the window with a solitary matching chair. There weren’t any drawers or closets. The absence of a well-stocked bookcase didn’t surprise her. Jeslan couldn’t have been so accommodating as to fetch her things to read to mitigate any potential boredom she’d suffer here. Nor would he extend to find paintings or ornaments to decorate her walls.
“We can bring you water to drink,” Kel said as she guided Ralla to the bed. “The pill I gave you on your arrival will work for some time, but you will need another once your breathing becomes difficult.”
Kel took something from a pocket in her dress to give to Ralla — a shiny green egg-shaped box the size of Ralla’s palm.
“Keep these on you,” Kel advised. “You must take one the moment you cannot breathe.”
Ralla opened the box to see a multitude of translucent golden pills, not unlike the vitamins Josie had given to compensate for the absence of sunlight growing up. There were too many for the eye to count. Doubtless, it still wasn’t enough for the time she’d be spending in Indulae. 
“Won’t I run out eventually?”
“I can bring you more,” Kel promised.
“Did the man who lived here stay in this room?”
“He did.”
“What happened to him?” Ralla asked.
“He grew old and died. I’ve heard witnessing the death of a human is traumatic. He failed to awaken from his sleep one morning.”
Ralla shuddered. “What did you do with his body?”
“He was wrapped in a shroud, then pushed into the water beneath the city.”
“Please don’t let this happen to me,” Ralla begged, her composure discarded and her tears now falling freely.
Kel touched Ralla’s cheek with a certain tenderness uncommon for her kind. “Hush. I know you don’t want to be here. I don’t know what it is to miss someone, or be as sad as you are now. This doesn’t make me heartless. Now lie down.”
The bed was comfortable, and the room possessed a gentle heat. Still, Ralla couldn’t see this place as anything but a prison cell. She wanted to curl up on her side, Kel telling her to lie on her back and keep her arms and legs flat on the mattress. The girl’s touch was warmer than Jeslan’s. 
Kel produced a white strap from another pocket, lifting Ralla’s wrist.
“You’re tying me up?” Ralla asked, trembling.
“No. These are to help you rest.” Kel wrapped the strap around Ralla’s wrist, just under her the heel of her palm. Going around the bed, Kel bound Ralla’s ankles and other wrist in the same way. A wider strap was put around Ralla’s neck, binding but not tight enough to suffocate her.
“These straps will emit impulses into your nerves to alleviate your hunger and put you into a deeper sleep. We only have this one set, otherwise Erania would have allowed your mother to stay with you. Erania isn’t cruel, just stern. And you’ve charmed Jeslan, so he’ll give you nothing but respect.”
“Can you stay?” Ralla whispered. “I’m too scared to be alone.”
“I cannot, I must go to my own quarters now. I will be here before you wake.”
“I’m thirsty.”
Kel walked out of Ralla’s sight and returned with a crystal-looking cup. Ralla was growing weaker; her head and hands could barely lift to take a drink. The water tasted pure and clean, and she guzzled it down before she lost consciousness.

“How could you let her go like that?” Seth shouted at Josie. “What happened to us all banding together to keep her here?”
Josie’s tears were just subsiding. He thought she should’ve been inarticulate, yet she still spoke clearly. “Seth, you have to trust she knows what she’s doing. I am dying inside right now, I haven’t felt this distraught since I first lost her. But they’d have taken her and all I know of her if we’d put up a fight. And I’m the one who told her she’d have to make choices people wouldn’t like.”
“It was her decision,” Nick went on cautiously.
“Shut up!” Seth barked at him. “I don’t want to hear it. You let them invade and take what they wanted, even after Calder intruded and did the exact same thing. They just stole someone from you, and you stood there and did nothing. You believed every word they said. They could’ve already killed her by now.”
“No. She knew they wouldn’t,” Josie said ardently. “Before she went up that mountain to get you, she had a plan. She was going to make a bargain with Calder that could land me in prison if she was wrong about his true name. Only she didn’t tell me that, and I was going to go with her. But that would’ve ruined everything. She didn’t tell me the truth until you were back here, safe, and he was long gone. She apologised, but I was not mad in the slightest. I was proud of her. When I looked into her eyes just now, I saw she knew what she was doing. She was terrified, but we could all be standing here like she never existed if she hadn’t gone willingly. I either lose her this way, or lose her forever, and she’s left on her own with no one to care for her.”
“I still would have,” Seth said sharply. “I didn’t know who she was when I found her. She was a stranger and I helped her anyway. I could’ve given her over to Calder to find out more about my mother. I could’ve turned against her. But I cared too much about her. I thought she cared about me, but now she’s gone.” He hadn’t meant for his voice to crack and his emotions to take over. 
Josie could’ve flown at him in a blind rage for his admission. But now he was in her arms, trying not to cry.
“I knew you were struggling with so much when she came to us,” Josie said soothingly. “I knew every day you could have turned on her. I waited for it. You were so conflicted, and I was desperate to have your trust back, knowing I had to earn it. I love you so much, Seth. You’re my boy, always. If I’d lost you to Calder, I would never have stopped grieving.”
“Then how are you supposed to cope if she dies?” Seth asked. “How am I?”
“We can’t think that way.”
“I would’ve gone too,” Nick said to Seth. “I’d go running back in there for any of you if I had to.”
Seth believed this. He’d also been preparing for the chance they’d have to go in after Ralla if she was taken.
“I know.”
“We’ll get through this,” Josie said. “She’s not gone for good, and she won’t want us to sit here and be miserable. Of course, I tell myself this knowing I’ll be breaking down randomly until she gets home.” Josie was trying to smile and be brave. “I knew I’d have to let her go one day, just not this soon.”
“She doesn’t know what she wants,” Seth told them. “Now I’m thinking she’s gone back to the Other to see if she should be there.”
“That’s not what she said,” Josie replied.
“She still might’ve been protecting you from the truth… I don’t know.”
Josie’s unfathomable faith remained. “Ralla will come back.”
Josie still offered to let Seth stay home that Monday. School was the only thing that could distract him. He wasn’t able to find anything about Otharine online. Calder had to have kept all this vital information under wraps to his advantage. Seth wanted Papalia to come back and tell him Ralla was okay where she was, he needed to know. His resentment had stopped him giving her a proper goodbye. 
Now he wasn’t sure if he should wait for her. In a year, he’d be close to graduating high school, while she’d have fallen behind too far to catch up; she’d have to repeat. He could delay a year and get a job rather than rush off to university. He wanted to rent a place he could share with her.
But she could change in that time, and so could he.
Michael came up to Seth during homeroom on Monday. “Thought you were off sick.”
“Got better. Unfortunately.”
“Where’s Ralla?”
“She had to go away for a while.”
“Because of the flu?” Michael asked, sounding dumber to Seth than was possibly intended.
“Forget it. It’s too hard to explain.”
Lily didn’t appreciate this excuse when she met up with Seth at lunch. “She just left?”
“She decided she wanted to go to this bridging school so she can start university early.”
“In the middle of the semester? How does that work?”
“They have different term dates,” Seth replied, uptight.
“Okay… I was just getting to know her. She seems really cool.”
“She is.”
“Bet you’ll miss her a lot.”
“Can we talk about something else?” he asked abruptly.
“Sure… Think you’ll pass that geography test tomorrow?”
Conversations were harder to follow now. His classes weren’t occupying his mind. Going home and staying up gaming wasn’t maintaining his interest. He was blowing it and getting yelled at for messing up. He didn’t even tell people he was going, he just ripped his headset off and chucked it aside after he logged off.
Nick was agreeing to take on too much work so he was sufficiently occupied. Kyle didn’t question this and Josie ran the register. Seth stopped by after school if he hadn’t much homework, pitching in with the hope these jobs would keep his mind sufficiently engrossed. But it drifted to what Ralla might be doing, or if she was safe. It left him distracted to the point he nearly cut his hand on the edge of a broken muffler.
Hanging around at home on the weekends, Seth remained holed up in his room, reading. He picked up books and comics he’d read dozens of times, leaving many of them unfinished when the stories failed to enthral him as they had when he was younger. The fantastic worlds made up by other storytellers who would never see the Other were rendered uninspired. Deadly as Otharine was to him, he couldn’t discount its beauty. In the moments he’d gained some consciousness on their journey back to the boundary, he’d admired the crystalline leaves of the bizarre tangled trees. Maybe he’d reached a delirium sufficient to make these images more captivating. He knew a brain close to death could become flooded with a chemical capable of causing hallucinations. Telling anyone about this would bring into question his mental state. He didn’t need some doctor labelling him as crazy. They’d have certainly considered him depressed right then.
Ralla’s room was left untouched. Josie wouldn’t go in for fear of moping too long, while Seth couldn’t afford to be reminded of her absence. Really, it was her departure that was plaguing him. He had to replay it so it was less acrimonious and more heartfelt. He could have said more, been more understanding. Now she probably thought he hated her, when he didn’t. He didn’t know how.
He had to learn to be patient, genuinely so. His sullenness was creeping back in now he felt cheated and let down. Fighting it would take more energy than he could muster.

Ralla dreamt she hadn’t left the Concrete. Erania and Kel had not arrived to take her; she’d been left alone. She’d gone to Seth to tell him she wasn’t leaving, sorry she hurt him by saying she should. He had told her she’d done nothing wrong. She’d stayed, comforted by the sight of them safe in her room, when she awoke in her prison cell.
Kel was at Ralla’s bedside to remove the strap from her neck. The sheets had been pulled over Ralla, Kel now moving them back to take off the other straps, which she draped over the end of the bed.
“How did you sleep?”
Ralla hadn’t moved in the night. She’d remained flat on her back, her head firmly on the pillow. Only an anaesthetised body could stay that way. Or a comatose one.
“I didn’t think I was here,” she muttered.
She’d had other mornings she couldn’t get out bed for being too tired. She’d either been up too late playing board games with Seth, or too immersed in a book to remember to put her light out. Even Calder starving her hadn’t induced this kind of lethargy.
“You may need a moment to rise,” Kel said to her. “We have clothes for you.” 
She’d slept in the same clothes, Kel only removing her sneakers the night before. 
“Can I have a bath before I get dressed?” Ralla asked with a raspy voice.
“There won’t be a need. Your treatment will keep you clean.”
“Do I have to go now?”
“Onye is waiting for you.”
Kel had to assist, as if Ralla had become an invalid overnight. Ralla was put in a loose dress, much like a smock, allowed to keep her underwear on. Kel had a brush with her to tend to Ralla’s messy hair, which she patiently braided.
“You have lovely hair. I could see how you could be one of us.”
“I’m not. I never will be.”
Ralla needed to put her weight on Kel to walk, her strength gradually returning. The corridors were flooded with blue morning light, the sun’s glow intense on this part of the city. Ralla thought she’d be ravenous; she hadn’t eaten anything since lunch the previous day. But her hunger wasn’t apparent, only her thirst.
Kel brought her to another place — a massive, dome-shaped room with a circular platform at its centre. To the right of a platform appeared to be a control panel, its edges smooth and its height greater, with a small set of stairs leading to the floor. Ralla couldn’t see any buttons or dials, imagining the device operated much like a touchscreen. Seth had shown her how to use his phone with such nonchalance she’d been too embarrassed to appear amazed by the technology. He’d enjoyed seeing her wide-eyed expression over something he’d grown jaded about. What stood before Ralla now would have fascinated him as much as it frightened her.
Another woman greeted Ralla, dressed more like the men of Otharine in her dark tunic and fitted pants. Her silvery hair was fashioned into several thin braids, all gathered at the ends by a single band. There was little colour in their faces, this woman’s particularly stark and stern, the shade of her lips so faint her mouth seemed nothing but a slit. Her eyes were brighter and rather catlike, the silver brows pointing down with her frowning.
The woman was thanking Kel for her assistance and telling her she was dismissed. Kel would return once the treatment was finished to take Ralla to Jeslan.
“My name is Onye. I have been put in charge of your treatments.”
“Can I have some water first?”
“No. The procedure does not allow for it. If you are thirsty when we are finished, you may drink then. Now, come this way.”
A set of stairs protruded from the tall base of the platform. The platform itself had an indent in the shape of a body, the legs positioned straight down and the arms out to the sides.
“Take off your smock,” Onye instructed.
Ralla was already freezing in this room, and the demand annoyed her. She still obeyed, draping the smock over Onye’s arms.
“Lie down,” Onye then ordered. “Make sure you’re still.”
Onye moved down the steps as Ralla dropped to lie within the indent. The platform was hard and uncomfortable. She lay her arms out, wriggling to fit the shape. With her head cradled by the space for her skull, she thought this was all that was required. 
Her wrists and ankles were instantly shackled to the platform.
“Wait!” she cried.
“Do not move,” Onye commanded.
Another shackle slipped over her neck, locking her down. A transparent barrier was rising around her, creating the vat she was to be drowned in. She couldn’t stop screaming, absolutely sure the water would bucket down on her.
“Be still, Ralla,” Onye told her. “Protesting will not help you. It will not stop the process.”
Water was pooling directly under her, bubbling up from the jets surrounding her. Her legs were soon covered, as were her arms. Her face would be the last to go under. Her screaming wouldn’t cease. As a consequence, another shackle shot up over her mouth and bound itself to the other side of her jaw, shutting her up. She closed her eyes as tightly as she could, the water slipping over her cheeks.
It was seeping into every orifice it could, her skin no barrier against it. If it couldn’t invade by her mouth, that didn’t matter to it. It wasn’t to bathe her, it was to cleanse her of her abilities and seek out the aberrant cells Calder had taught her to alter. She wasn’t swelling from the water’s occupation. Nor was it making her heavy. It sedated her. If this was how she was going to spend her days and nights — motionless and disengaged — she might as well have slept through her time in Indulae.
She was given another while to dream. With some control, she could will herself to her room at home. She could see herself in Josie’s arms, who was telling her to be strong. This would be over and they could have their lives back. Together.
The water had grown warm from her internal body heat, finally draining away through the grates as the procedure finished. The barrier lowered, the shackles sliding back into the platform. Her screaming didn’t recommence once her mouth was unmuzzled.
“Do not move yet,” Onye directed, Ralla’s ears still partially muffled by the water.
Air was rushing over Ralla’s skin now, drying her and keeping the chill from her.
“You may sit up,” Onye stated then.
Ralla lifted herself with less effort, able now to stand unaided. Onye stepped onto the platform to hand Ralla her smock.
“How do you feel?” Onye asked, like a stoic physician only interested in the results.
“I’m not sure. I’m no longer afraid. Or thirsty.”
“I need to examine you now, to see if I have made any changes.”
There were no instruments involved in this examination, either. Onye inspected Ralla’s skin and eyes, moving around her to check for whatever signs she was looking for.
“Little progress has been made. The cells are deeper within your core than I expected. I’ve only reached a few.”
“Will we be doing this every day?” Ralla sighed.
“There is no other way. Had you not spent so much of your life exposed to Otharine and to rigorous training from Iraldon, the damage would not have been so severe.”
Ralla pulled on her smock as Kel entered the chamber.
“Is she ready?” Kel asked Onye.
“We are finished here for now.”
Kel took Ralla away to return to Jeslan. He was waiting for them in his chamber, his hands clasped in front of him and his smile, slight.
“How are you, Ralla?”
She made a sullen shrug, much like Seth did when he was unhappy.
“I don’t want your stay here to be full of misery,” Jeslan said. “I’d like to take you somewhere now, if you’ll permit me.”
She knew her other option was to return to her cell with nothing to do all day but wait for her next treatment session.
“You may,” Ralla replied.
Jeslan had access to another part of Indulae, at a higher elevation. The path they were on rose and changed its course with Jeslan’s movements; he didn’t have to pause and wait for these shifts, they occurred with his footfall. Ralla thought she was too heavy and could cause a strain on these paths, but nothing bent or broke. Her muscles were less taut from tension. She didn’t want to give praise to her treatments, or believe they had any ancillary healing benefits. Would it be powerful enough to soothe any emotional wound she had? There were too many.
“You look well,” Jeslan observed.
“It was hard to get out of bed. I didn’t like the treatment.”
“I apologise. If there was a better way…”
“I feel different now. I may be able to endure it.”
They’d reached a plateau, the path they were on breaking away once they stood upon the platform proper. Jeslan presented the city to Ralla. Clusters of buildings were arranged in concentric circles, which seemed to breathe the longer she stared. The outer walls were distant, and the body of water on which Indulae stood looked endless, like an ocean. The mountains were behind her now. She moved around the perimeter of the platform to see them.
“There isn’t any firm ground around the city at all?”
“No. Indulae was formed over time by our ancestors. We have cities elsewhere, some stuck fast to the ground, others capable of vanishing and reappearing elsewhere. Indulae is different again.”
“How?”
“It is a floating city.”
Jeslan put some space between them. A narrow column shot up before him to form a flattop pedestal, a small panel similar to the one Onye had operated becoming apparent as Ralla watched. 
Jeslan put his hand upon the panel, causing a brief jolt that had him grabbing Ralla’s arm to steady her.
“Indulae can exist in any place. Whenever it needs to move great distances, everyone moves to the lower chambers of the city, where the motion is least impactful.”
He remained close by her, Ralla’s legs shaking. She couldn’t move away, believing she’d fall if she let him go.
“Watch the mountains,” he said softly.
Keeping her eye on the peaks, Ralla saw them sinking down. Her legs wobbled slightly as they slowly ascended, along with the entire city below. She dared to go to the edge to watch the mountains get lower still. Once they were high enough, she saw over them to the forests she’d known growing up. She could see so much more than she had from the mountainside, finally astonished by everything around her. The foundation of the city had lost contact with the water below.
Jeslan put a stop to their ascending so he could ask Ralla what she thought.
“It’s wondrous.” Her heart hurt; she missed Seth and Josie. “If they could only be here to see it.”
“I don’t think you hate this place, Ralla. I think you’d like to stay.”
“It’s not my home.”
Jeslan was trying to take her hand. “It still could be.”
Ralla stepped away. “You want me to stay here with you?”
“Yes.”
His quiet confidence didn’t endear her. She’d made promises no amount of astounding vistas and remarkable cities could break.
“Everything I love is in the Concrete,” she asserted. “There is still beauty there. I have to go back when this is done.”
Jeslan’s smile looked like one of acceptance. It wasn’t. “I still have time to convince you.”
The inhabitants of the city didn’t seem to mind being lifted into the air to impress Ralla. Jeslan was needed elsewhere, so he left Ralla in his chamber to be met by someone else she’d been desperate to see.
Papalia was now in her human form, less hunched and wary of her surrounds. Ralla rushed to her and took the woman’s wizened hands.
“You’re safe and well?” Ralla asked.
“I am, child. I was pardoned for my warning you. They understand I’m no trouble for them.”
“I’m so happy to see you.”
“You need a familiar face, and I’m allowed to spend as much time with you as you like.”
“Jeslan just showed me the whole city. Before he raised it up into the air.”
“He’s trying very hard to impress you. But I know it won’t work.”
“Josie and Nick will be devastated if I don’t come home. So will Seth.”
“I calmed Seth when he was a little baby, the night Iraldon took you. Your switch may have looked like chance, but I like to think there was some design there. And your separation from your family can’t be sustained. You will find your way back.”
“Is there any way to make this go faster? I want to go home.”
“I’m sorry. There’s nothing I can do for you but give you company.”
“It’s alright.”
“Would you like to see my home?” Papalia asked.
Ralla brightened at once. “I’d love to.”





Chapter 5

The first days without Ralla, Josie was in a trance. She was waking up believing Ralla was simply in her room, the memory she was gone so jarring. It hurt each and every time. The rawness of the morning after Ralla’s kidnapping returned to Josie’s heart, the ache immovable. But she couldn’t indulge this pain and stay in bed all day. She couldn’t mourn and destroy any faith she had left that Ralla would come home.
Seth’s acrimony over Josie allowing Ralla to leave was deserved. She had to weather this too, holding Seth and taking on his pain as she always would. She didn’t want Ralla’s leaving to be the moment they reached this bond. She knew how big the hole in his heart was. He’d finally found his best friend, and now she’d been stolen from him.
Where Nick had once been ignorant to Josie missing Ralla, this time, he had to suffer it too. He chose to get on with things and go to the shop, though he didn’t impose the same for Josie; she could do as she needed and he would understand. His allowance instead prompted her to be stronger and try to live out her days without Ralla as best she could.
The simplest of tasks weren’t without their difficulties. Josie would go to the store with a list but either forget something from her distractions, or buy something Ralla would need without thinking. Nick was forgiving, as was Seth, so Josie did what she could to go easy on herself in kind.
Lacey called out of the blue to see if Josie wanted to catch up. They’d been neglecting to stay in contact since Josie had left Huntsville. Now Josie had to explain Ralla was gone. Which meant constructing another lie.
“You didn’t say anything about this school before,” Lacey replied, astonished.
“We didn’t want to until we knew she’d been accepted.” Josie now thought she’d never fail at being so dishonest. Now more than ever, she resented having to do this.
“But you were so happy to have her back.”
“I know, but she was so excited to go, and I didn’t want to get in her way.” Rehearsing this line didn’t make it any less difficult to say. Josie was trying to keep the croaking out of her voice.
“You sound absolutely devastated, Josie.”
“She’ll be back.” Josie had to believe this as much as she needed to convince Lacey it was true. “It’s not forever.”
“Is everything okay? Why do I get the feeling something’s gone wrong?”
“Everything’s fine,” Josie answered with a shaky laugh Lacey wasn’t buying. “We can catch up in a few weeks. We’re busy with the shop right now. It’s hard for me to get time to myself.”
Lacey agreed, asking again if she needed to be worried, Josie responding it wasn’t necessary. Josie had been longing for a time she wouldn’t have to keep resorting to deflecting concern and concocting excuses. She hung up on Lacey tried to stop making a fist in her resentment.
One consolation was the chance to tell Nick how wretched it was lying to Lacey.
“I felt sick. Worse than ever. I can’t believe I have to do this.”
“I know,” Nick told her, equally dismal. “I’d like nothing more to just say where Ralla is, but it won’t help anything.”
“I’m sorry I’ve put you in this position.”
“You didn’t. I would rather be with her there and know she was okay.”
“She didn’t want us risking our lives, no matter how much we wanted to. But I’m still terrified I’ve made the wrong choice, Nick. I should be going after her.”
“We wouldn’t get far. Asking Papalia to take us will only put her in danger too.”
Seth returned home, the front door opening and closing before he went straight to his room without a single word to either of them. Josie had to let him go, as she’d done many afternoons already. Nick remained where he was, both of them forgiving Seth’s despondency.
“Has he said much to you?” Josie asked Nick.
“Not really. I know better than to push him.”
“To think I’d almost forgotten how sullen he could be.”
She had to grant Seth some space and accept this regression. He wanted to go to school, still Josie suspected his grades were slipping, even in his stronger subjects. She’d defend him against any disapproving teacher. If the school called about some sort of trouble, she’d back him up as she’d done before, and take full responsibility as she’d done in the past. 
She was a terrible mother.
But she was looking out for him. She knew he spent time online with his friends, trusting he was capable of placing limitations on this. And she granted him some leeway while he was so unhappy. In so many ways, Josie understood Seth better than she did Ralla. She appreciated him being sardonic now; they’d shared some jokes in the past months where he’d managed to see she had a sense of humour. She’d been more like her old self, Nick commenting he thought she’d never see the funny side of anything again.
Finding joy in humour without Ralla was impossible. She’d been coming out of her shell, Josie aware but careful not to draw attention to it and risk sending Ralla scurrying back. Ralla’s need for everyone to treat her as though she’d always been part of the Concrete was paramount. The bullying was a disgusting, pointless symptom of Calder’s treatment. He’d raised Ralla to believe she’d be forever rejected by her people. She would always be at odds; that Josie was a deceitful woman who would never take her back. A horrible mother who would even send her away if she even dared to seek them out.
Now Ralla was in the very world Calder had wanted her to inhabit. And he would’ve granted her some visits to the Concrete, though not for her benefit. Erania hadn’t wanted to reach a compromise. Josie could have played Demeter to Ralla’s Persephone, demanding her captors grant Ralla some time in the Concrete in exchange for her days in Otharine, until the task was done and they were satisfied Ralla was no longer a threat to them. Wanting these creatures to think like humans was a wasted effort.
Ralla’s bedroom door remained closed for the most part, Josie determined not to turn it into a shrine. She would only allow herself a few moments now and then to sit on the bed and stare at the butterflies. She’d kept her daughter close enough to know the scent of her hair and skin. She wouldn’t hold Ralla’s clothes like she’d gone missing forever, or worse, passed away. Josie tried to be thankful she wasn’t grieving Ralla’s permanent loss, yet this was grief and Josie had to work through it nonetheless.
Josie went to work with Nick, their dynamic there undamaged while they were occupied with running the shop. Kyle had minded his own business about Ralla’s absence, believing the story she was at the fictional bridging school, even commending her for going. Josie’s discomfort from his approval left her muttering her thanks, Kyle going about his tasks with no concerns. Nick would stay later if a particular job needed finishing. Josie would leave him with a kiss, telling him sweetly not to come home too late.
And though he wouldn’t keep her waiting, the pair of them became strangers at home, saying only what was necessary. They didn’t have conversations, or share stories. They may have had a drink after a long day, and they’d always sat down for dinner like a normal boring couple, which Josie had adored. But now, they’d returned to the same disconnect she’d inflicted upon them when she’d been harbouring her darkest secrets. There was no intimacy, the pair of them going to bed and getting up as they’d done in the past to carry out their separate routines. She’d known couples on the verge of separation pretend to be very much in love to everyone on the outside, while at home, they were sleeping in different rooms and straining not to come to blows before one of them finally moved out.
She knew this wasn’t their destiny. But soon she was drinking on her own again, late at night when she couldn’t sleep, refusing to go so far as to hide extra bottles for her own consumption. She didn’t get away with this for long, Nick finding her awake after midnight, the TV on mute and an empty glass on the coffee table.
Josie let him sit beside her and waited for her reprimand.
“I know what you’re going to say,” she mumbled.
“Which is why I don’t have to.”
“I’m sorry. I’m scared of going to sleep and dreaming of Ralla being hurt by Calder. Doesn’t matter he’s not around to do it.”
Nick picked up the remote and turned the TV off, flicking on the lamp beside him now he’d left them both in the dark.
“And I’m sorry I haven’t been talking to you. I thought you needed to be alone, except I never asked if that was what you wanted.”
“It’s okay. You’re as worried about her as I am. She doesn’t want this for us. I shouldn’t be using this as an excuse.” She’d given Ralla the tired adage of old habits without realising the irony until now. Drinking couldn’t be that habit. She promised Nick she’d cut it out and talk to him more, and he promised to stop shutting her out.
“But it means you think of Ralla as your own,” Josie replied. “More than ever. She’s so important to all of us now, not just me. She’s not just a thought to me to me anymore. I don’t have to wonder who or where she is, like I did when Calder had her.”
They went to bed, Josie waking up the following morning and noticing by the date a whole month had passed since Ralla had left. Though she didn’t bring it up, Seth had realised this as well.
“I wasn’t going to say anything,” he said carefully.
“Neither was I.”
“I should tell you, I’m not doing so great at school.”
“It’s okay. I know you’re still doing your best. This has been so hard on you, and I’m sorry.”
Seth let Josie give him a hug as he said he’d try harder from now on.
“So will I,” she sighed.

Each day without Ralla around felt identical to the last, the monotony hardly a blessing. Seth paid attention and put up with Josie’s moods as much as he could. Nick offered her comfort, while Seth tried to just behave and not cause problems.
Though his tolerance for every trivial or frustrating that got in his way was wavering. He stopped going online and withdrew from his friends again. He was keeping watch for Ralla on his better days, convinced she was staying in the Other on his worst.
Suburbia wasn’t horrible. It just left him with nowhere to really hide. He couldn’t take his dirt bike out now; it was too noisy — the neighbours had a thing about motorbikes. Listening to music was fine until he heard a song Ralla loved, or one that reminded him of her.
Lily was the only other kid Seth could talk to. She didn’t ask him stupid questions. So, he opened up about how Ralla not being around was affecting everyone at home. Josie was up again at night, drinking and crying to herself, only now she owned up to it and went to bed when Nick came out. And while she was attentive to Seth, her melancholy had fractured their newfound peace.
“Ralla must’ve really wanted to go if it’s making your mum so miserable.”
“It was important to Ralla.”
“Is it true? What people say about her and her dad?”
They were hanging out near the edge of the school where he and Ralla would usually sit, far enough away that no one would hear him.
“If I tell you all this, you’re not allowed to tell anyone.”
“It’s that bad?” she asked, disturbed.
“Bad enough.”
Leaving out the Other from his explanation took no effort. He was only telling the truth of him and Ralla being switched at birth, and how she’d been raised somewhere else by an abusive man who’d lied about being her father while trying to poison her against her mother. Seth explained everything about how his birth mother didn’t want him, and how Nick had been oblivious to this until a year ago. He went through the details of finding Ralla lost in the desert by chance. 
That was when Lily had to stop him. “She was in the desert?”
“She was dumped there.”
“By her kidnapper?”
“Basically.” He had to leave out Papalia as well.
“And you just happened to be driving by the same night?”
“Yeah.”
“Wow. That seems…”
“Impossible? I know it looks that way.”
Lily had stopped eating her lunch to listen, and Seth wasn’t interested in his now. 
“So, what about your real mother?” Lily asked.
“I won’t be able to find her. But that’s okay, I don’t need to. Josie and I get along now, she’s been a better mum to me than anyone could be. Nick didn’t have to hang around. I’m lucky things turned out this way.”
“So this man who switched you kinda did you a favour?”
“Not Ralla. I had to wait sixteen years to even find all this out.”
“You just don’t want to give him credit for anything. Especially for bringing Ralla into your life. Face it, you’ve been less mopey and more nice to people since she showed up. Now she’s gone again, you’re all doom and gloom.”
Lily’s observation was astute enough to make Seth squirm. “Yeah, well… There’s a chance she won’t come home. I don’t want to think that way; she said she’d be back in a year.”
“You can’t call her?”
“She didn’t take her phone. They’re strict on using the school’s phones to call out.”
“Send her an email,” Lily then suggested.
“Place doesn’t have anything like that. School policy.”
“Weird. Sounds like prison.”
“It could be,” he muttered. He’d had a hunch Ralla was in a cell in the Other, where Papalia couldn’t reach her. Locked in a tower in a world he couldn’t enter. He’d never be able to reach her if he could.
“I hope she didn’t go because of people picking on her.” Lily pondered. “The only reason mean girls like Rebecca picked on her was their own dumb insecurities. When Ralla and I were talking at the party, she thought she was babbling, and her neck was all red. I felt horrible for her. Worse now I know what she’s been through. She certainly won’t play the victim.”
Seth couldn’t help asking, “All you did was talk to her, and then take us home? Nothing crazy happened that night?”
“Whole night was a major non-event. I thought I’d offended Ralla.”
“You didn’t. I suggested we set her up a profile and add you. She wasn’t keen on it.”
“Well, tell her to give me a call when she gets back.”
“Okay.”
He and Lily exchanged numbers, and so began their strange friendship. Seth hadn’t maintained anything like this with a girl; he’d talked to them in the hope they’d go out with him but was hopeless at really getting to know them. Having Lily as a friend was great. She had her own car and was cool with him hanging out at her place. She gave him grief when he found out she’d been online in other games he’d played, where she’d seen him fail spectacularly. Even still, she agreed to join one of his teams.
This led to them chatting regularly online as well, since it cost nothing. Lily cracked him up, and Seth noticed he’d not thought of Ralla as much. Ralla hadn’t asked him to be miserable in her absence. This wasn’t an allowance to forget her altogether. 
Michael asked if Seth had a thing for Lily, his immediate response, honest — he didn’t. She was pretty with her rosy face and bright green eyes, just not in a way Seth was drawn to. She dyed her cropped hair a weird shade of pink, and seeing her out of uniform, he noticed she loved wearing jeans that were baggy and frayed. She had enough mischief to amuse Seth, but her smile didn’t spark anything else within him. 
Short, plucky and sort of crude, the worst of Lily came out in her gaming. Insults she’d never have thrown at people in person were slung with gusto when they were in the thick of a mission and people were letting her down. Like most kids, she was a different person outside of school. Seth thought she was cool and fun to be around. He needed a friend and Michael implying Lily could be something else bugged Seth too much to think about it.
Josie was happy to see him smiling, and okay with the reason why. So anything that may have upset him bothered her more than it needed to. She’d stopped laughing though, and had gone back to gazing out the kitchen window, motionless and caught up on thoughts of Ralla. 
Now she’d known Ralla and had had a chance to really be her mother, Josie couldn’t cope so well with the loss. Nick wasn’t mean or impatient with her; he was suffering in his own way for Ralla’s absence. Seth knew he loved her as his own and felt indebted for all she’d done.
Seth had to get through his exams at the end of the term, studying as much as he could. Struggling with his maths homework had him missing Ralla. When Lily wasn’t around, he didn’t feel like he needed to see her. If she called to see what he was up to, he wouldn’t tell her he was too busy to hang out or talk.
Once school was out for two weeks, Seth had too much time on his hands. It was too hot to leave the house some days. Now they had aircon, he was practically living in his room, gaming and sleeping. Lily asked him he wanted to go see a movie, and Seth decided he would since he had nothing better to do.
“Is this a date?” Josie asked as he was waiting for Lily to pick him up.
“Nah, she’s just a friend.”
“She seems like a nice girl. You have a lot in common with her.”
Seth shrugged and really wanted to change the subject. “I don’t know… Aren’t you worried Ralla won’t come home?”
“No. But I miss her like crazy every day. I feel like I should’ve spent more time with her than I did. I know she thought I was suffocating her.”
“You did drive her a little nuts,” Seth said cautiously.
Josie laughed out loud, her sigh less drear. “Thought so. Lacey said she’d pierce Ralla’s ears and she hated the idea. I love she’s so different.”
“So do I,” Seth replied quietly.
Lily’s car always made a horrific squeal when she braked too hard.
“Tell Lily Nick would be happy to look at whatever’s making that noise,” Josie told Seth as he got up to go.
“I’ll mention it. She doesn’t have a lot of money, though.”
“I’m sure we can cut her a deal.”
Lily was casual the whole evening, fully into seeing the movie he wanted to see. Seth had planned to take Ralla to the movies; they’d been working up to it watching stuff at home. She’d had the same funny sense of amazement he’d had seeing movies as a kid. He was thinking of her while Lily was beside him, and now the thought he was on a real date with Lily had him confused.
Lily later drove Seth home. They were parked outside when she leaned across and kissed his cheek. He frowned at her and she instantly looked embarrassed.
“Sorry,” she muttered. “I thought maybe… Never mind.”
“I do like you,” he assured her.
“Do you think Ralla’s not meeting other people and making new friends wherever she is? Isn’t it like a boarding school?”
“I guess so.” He’d assumed Ralla would be surrounded by gangly, menacing men and gaunt, austere women. He didn’t know if there were children in the Other. “I don’t know.”
“She can’t call you, or write you, which I still find astounding. Don’t you think if she cared, she’d be making an effort to contact you, no matter what?”
“It’s not that simple. And you don’t know what she did for me.”
“What, she saved your life or something?”
“Exactly. I was stuck in this place. There was almost no air. I nearly suffocated to death. She found me and she got me out of there.”
“Oh… Was that because you were in hospital?”
“Yeah. It wasn’t something we wanted to discuss much. Or gloat about.”
Lily dialled back her tone. “I’m sorry. I thought something was going on between us. I misread you.”
“It’s fine. As long as we’re still friends.”
“Yeah. Sure.”
He knew they weren’t cool anymore when he got out and she drove off without a goodbye. It was too late to go online and see if she’d meet him in a game. Dejected, he went inside and found Nick zoning out in front of the TV again. Josie had already gone to bed.
“You okay?” Nick asked, turning the TV off.
“Yeah… No.”
“Have a bad time?”
“Started off okay. Until I found out I’d given Lily the wrong impression. It wasn’t like I meant to.”
“I know. Don’t worry too much.”
“Do you think Ralla would tell us she was alright if she could?”
“I’m sure she would. The only reason I want to go get her is to make Josie happy again. Well, it’s not the only reason. It’s a major one.”
“What if they keep her there anyway?” Seth asked again. Josie wouldn’t hear it from him. Nick was more receptive. “They’re her only way back and we don’t have anything to survive there. We don’t even know where that city is.”
“Josie wants to believe this won’t happen. I don’t want to give it much thought, still I do now and then. If Ralla was older and we’d had more time with her, and she’d genuinely wanted to leave, I wouldn’t be feeling so conflicted about it.”
“I can’t help wondering they took her to drain her powers so she couldn’t escape. She used to call out to Papalia.” Seth had stayed up trying to will Papalia into his room. She’d been a presence in his life as well, like a protector, Josie’s recollection of a butterfly visiting them the night of his birth proving this. Guardian angels weren’t real. Nevertheless, Papalia was the closest he and Ralla had to one. 
“You can try,” Nick said. “I don’t think it’ll work.”
Josie had woken up and was shuffling into the living room, tying her old, fleecy robe around her middle.
“Everything okay?”
Seth put up all his walls again and lied. “Yeah. It’s fine. I’m going to bed.”
Josie stepped out of his way and said goodnight without any further show of affection. Seth checked she wasn’t looking then snuck into Ralla’s room.
He went to the wall of butterflies and stared at the one that reminded them of Papalia. Feeling stupid, he whispered, “Can you hear me? Or at least send me a message? Let me know she’s okay. That’s all I ask.”
Miserable now, Seth lifted down the butterfly and took it to his room, resting it on his desk before he went to sleep. 


Chapter 6

Indulae was an enthralling city. Its inhabitants were peaceful and respectful; there was no shouting in the streets, they weren’t argumentative. They lacked currency or goods to be obtained or exchanged. Greed was a foreign concept here, Ralla appreciative of this. Explaining money to Jeslan was arduous; she was irritated by his puzzlement. Here, no one was rich or poor; all had their needs met because these were few.
Iraldon’s discontent and desire for more transcended true human greed. His banishment seemed sufficient to dissuade others from repeating his history.
Seasons were another concept Jeslan was unfamiliar with. Otharine was a world of air without change; the sun was never too far or too close to signify winter or summer. It didn’t seem to be a planet that existed in space, just a dimension outside of Ralla’s comprehension of reality. Rainfall was sporadic, filling the lakes to capacity with little evaporation to deplete them. Ralla learnt the spongey ground was able to give life to the trees and plants. Without a library or means of keeping records, most citizens relied on their memories; they’d not thought to document their history in any permanent way. 
So when she asked Jeslan if there was a place she could discover more about Otharine and their societies, he was bemused and rather glib about his response.
“Perhaps we’re not as egotistical as the people of your world, Ralla. We don’t strive to keep our histories here as so little changes. Without conflict, what is there to document?”
“Everything else,” Ralla argued. “How each city came to be, and why you decided Indulae was meant to be a floating city. How you travel without vehicles. How you can achieve near-incorporeal states. Why the mountains are full of gases that can catch alight.”
“The mountains are as they are. These matters don’t plague me as they seem to concern you.”
“I’m curious. I’ve always have been. There are people in the Concrete who consider it imperative we keep questioning our universe, otherwise how can we discover new things? Why is Onye so invested in learning about me if not to document my kind?”
Jeslan again shrugged, his smirk too cynical for Ralla’s liking. “That’s her business. She’s made it plain I’m not to know. She devised and constructed her instruments without any prompting from our council. I believe she knew others who had these technologies to study your people. You’d have to ask her. I wasn’t particularly interested.”
“Is this why you’re so fascinated with my world? And me? You’re bored of Indulae, and yet you’re hoping to inspire amazement in me.”
“Your presence inspires me, Ralla,” he said. “Your story fascinates me. Why did Iraldon choose you of all the inhabitants of the Concrete?”
“It was happenstance. I told you he swindled me from my mother as an experiment. If I’d been born someone else, he’d still have taken me. She owed him a child, he didn’t care the gender, just that Josie had promised him this.”
“And he thought rigorous training within the confines of Otharine would eventually turn you into one of us?”
“He was wrong,” she said sternly. “It didn’t work.”
“It did. Enough that you were of concern to us.”
“I’m nothing like you,” Ralla said, exhausted with having to repeat this. “I cannot sustain any state you can without detriment to my physical wellbeing.”
“You turned to smoke to save yourself from burning. And you were willing to do this in order to save that boy, Seth.”
“I’d have done it for anyone in danger. Not just him. I wasn’t able to carry him down otherwise.”
“And he holds no more value to you than a dear friend?”
Jeslan had brought this up before in the same inquisitive and goading manner designed to prove Ralla held affections for Seth outside of a friendship. She wouldn’t take the bait.
“This is correct.”
“Then you don’t have any others wanting affection from you?”
She averted her eyes and said, “Not that I’m aware.”
From his smile, she could see this pleased him, and she regretted not making a lie about some other boy with romantic intentions. This wouldn’t have mattered to Jeslan.
She returned the conversation to the matter of Indulae, mentioning she’d noticed the city was without parks or trees. When asked to explain, Ralla described these spaces and how cities were built in the Concrete. The buildings were full of unnatural light, with or without windows. Roads were laid first in circuits, then the spaces between were developed according to the needs of the population. Towns had fewer people; villages, fewer still. She talked about education and the school she attended.
“Iraldon taught me to read and write only to be sure I wouldn’t appear strange once I was in the wider world. He brought me books with great reluctance.”
“Are books the only means of storing knowledge?” Jeslan asked.
“They were once, until they developed computer systems to store everything in electronic form, and they make up the internet. Seth taught me how to use it. He’s good with computers.”
“But these systems still take great amounts of energy to run?”
“Their buildings and cars require more power to operate. There’s this constant hum of electricity you can hear even in the most absolute quiet. The silence here is different. I listen to music at home when I can’t bear the sound of my own thoughts.”
“Tell me about music.”
She tried to describe this to Jeslan, forced to sing to demonstrate as she had no other means. He was oddly enraptured and begged for more. She didn’t have a good singing voice; she mostly hummed to herself.
“It’s a different language altogether,” she elaborated. “They use notes rather than words.”
“Do you love this music more than anything?”
“It does make me happy.”
“Then I will see if I can bring this to you.”
These promises Jeslan made deeply bothered Ralla. There would be an expectation behind them.
Ralla understood families did not exist in Otharine. Unions like marriages weren’t required if anyone wished to have children. Her discussion with Jeslan on this matter was unnerving.
“Have you considered marriage?” he asked casually.
“Not as yet. I’m too young. Josie hasn’t decided if she’ll even marry Nick.”
“What about children?” he pressed.
“I’ve not decided that, either. Again, I’m far too young. But no one is allowed to force me to make these decisions. Women didn’t always have this choice.”
“I thought you had all manner of freedoms in the Concrete.”
“Our laws exist to protect us.” She had tried to study the judicial system, learning little of it at school while being told she was smart enough to be a lawyer.
“But don’t your people break them anyway? And don't you punish those who do? We haven’t needed such provisions to house criminals. Our threat of banishment supersedes it. The Concrete seems so needlessly complex.”
“Does this mean you’re no longer interested in knowing about it?” Ralla challenged, hopeful this would free her from having to explain everything she knew.
“I just can’t comprehend why you’ve constructed these systems when you could live as simply as we do here.”
Ralla couldn’t dispute this. Some of the convoluted rules and regulations of the Concrete were inexcusable and, on occasion, punitive. Laws were abused to punish the innocent. Money could keep a guilty person from incarceration. She’d hardly presented a reasonable depiction of her kind.
“Perhaps Iraldon was right about your kind after all,” Jeslan postulated. “You must have found yourself agreeing with him on occasion.”
Ralla wouldn’t dare admit it. “Anything he said to poison me against my kind failed. Josie is nothing like he claimed. Seth’s mother was by far worse.”
“But we don’t give rise to murderers or thieves, Ralla. My people are peaceful, as is this entire world. We would not withstand an attack from the Concrete. Your life is more danger there than here, is it not? Disasters await your people every day. Chaos is the norm. Yet you choose that over what I have here.”
“I choose it knowing I am cared for in the Concrete. I don’t feel this affection from you or your people, Jeslan. I’m nothing but a fascination to them. And you. I’ve already proven I’m not a threat.”
“Then I must do more to prove you’re better off here.”
“Erania swore to me I could leave after a year.”
Jeslan rose from his seat and smiled. “How do you know a year has not already passed?”
“You’re trying to trick me,” she said harshly. “You want to earn my trust, instead you tease me.”
Without any change in his expression, he nodded and said, “Forgive me, Ralla. Your passion and anger aren’t traits I’ve seen in others here. But I have had more confidence in you than anyone else. You know I am protecting you from those who wish you harm.”
Kel must have been beckoned, as she was now entering the chamber.
“Prepare Ralla for the council gathering,” Jeslan told Kel, this his means of bringing the conversation to an abrupt end. “We should be leaving soon.”
Jeslan attended meetings with the council, and Ralla was to be brought to one at the request of a man named Kenryn.
Jeslan was brief with his introductions when they met with Kenryn. He stood as tall as Iraldon and had similarly gaunt features, though he greeted Ralla more cordially, taking her hand in his. His face didn’t evoke any fear in her; she wanted to trust he was harmless. Ralla could only assume the ages of the people here; Kenryn looked like a young man to her.
“There has been much talk of you, Ralla,” he said. “I’ve been looking forward to meeting you.”
“Did you think I was working with Iraldon?”
“I did. I found his interest in you bizarre and troubling. I’m glad you’ve proven me wrong.”
“Kindness is easier for me than hate,” she said simply.
“How do you like Indulae?”
“I’ve seen some very extraordinary things,” Ralla replied. “I’m impressed you’ve formed a society not dependent on money that would cultivate greed.”
She then needed to explain money to Kenryn, who was also ignorant. He understood this much better than Jeslan had, but as he walked away, his expression suggested he was in favour of this concept and could perhaps introduce this in Indulae. She hadn’t expected her words to inspire anyone to adopt the questionable ideals and institutions of the Concrete.
Ralla spoke to others at this gathering; men and women who had significant influence over the running of Indulae. They were tall and svelte; she’d yet to meet anyone short of stature or stout of frame. Their gowns and tunics displayed more colours and designs than those of the townspeople. They lightly touched her arms and hair in their fascination with her, never asking her permission. She had to tolerate this under Jeslan’s watchful eye. Now she knew how zoo animals felt when their handlers brought them out of their cages for all to touch.
“You’re a wonder to us,” a lithe and lovely woman called Helnye said. “I did not meet the man who lived here, though I wish I’d had.”
“I know little of him.” Ralla thought his life in the Concrete had to have been rotten for him to choose to stay in Otharine.
“It’s been so good to meet you, Ralla. You remind me of my child.” 
She sounded sincere, so Ralla was gracious. Having not been the centre of attention to this degree before, Ralla was hating this, only able to appreciate she hadn’t been forced to speak to the large, intimidating audience. These gatherings were held within the grandest building in the centre of Indulae, what would have been a town hall where she lived. Yet this place had far more majesty than the pokey community centre in Upton. The columns of braided smoke reached a domed ceiling that appeared as boundless as the sky, the floor seeming wider than the playing field behind the school. The glittering lights overhead weren’t provided by bulbs placed uniformly around the room. They were scattered like the strange luminous bugs that inhabited the mountains, Ralla suspecting these were the very creatures were somehow trapped to provide light inside. 
The dignitaries and their guests didn't need of refreshments. They weren’t attended to by waiters. Ralla could discern several less elegantly dressed people who were there to assist in running the gathering smoothly. Without wealth, they couldn’t subjugate the poor. Whoever was in servitude to the council members seemed to be of their own volition, it being more an honour than drudgery. Kel was practically Ralla’s lady-in-waiting, the position of princess or ruler of Indulae having no appeal to Ralla.
The scrutiny was tiring her; she’d been on her feet for too long by then. Ralla excused herself from her current company to ask Jeslan if she could rest.
“Of course,” he said, taking her by the arm again. “You’ve done very well to allay their fears of you. Thank you for being as kind as I know you are.”
“I know of no other way to be, Jeslan.”
Though he left her with Kel to put her to bed, Ralla thought she could still feel his presence in her room as she was drifting off. He wasn’t solid, he’d adopted his smoky, incorporeal form. Like a curious animal, the smoke moved its way around her motionless body, brushing her cheeks and teasing her hair a little. Falling asleep often created nonsensical images in her mind before her true dream state began. She chose to believe this was nothing but an illusion. Doubts were forming, but she hadn’t any vital evidence to support them.
Ralla fell in love with Papalia’s home. The colours of her rooms were more vibrant and shimmering, and she always made a comfy little seat for Ralla when she visited. No one in Otharine needed a bed for sleep; they could be dormant for a spell and find the same energy Ralla would gain from sleeping. She and Papalia would’ve shared tea and biscuits if they were in the Concrete. Papalia was now very much Ralla’s grandmother. Leaving her to go home would bring Ralla as much pain as abandoning Josie.
Children were passing Papalia’s window, speaking softly to one another, unlike the unruly kids who lived behind Ralla’s house.
“Everyone here speaks so softly,” Ralla said. “I haven’t heard anyone raise their voice to even call out to someone.”
“We’re not surrounded by brick walls or overrun with noisy vehicles. We may show anger to one another, though we’ll never shout. The human who’d lived here appreciated this so much, he vowed to remain here; he’d found his peace within Indulae. Iraldon spoke so often of this man and what he could learn from him. I believe our superiors were wary of anyone wanting to gain harmful knowledge from this man. Iraldon’s obsession with him certainly aroused suspicions. I know he didn’t speak of the man to you, for he’d die before admitting he admired a being from the Concrete.”
“What was this man’s name?” Ralla asked.
“Jonathan. I hadn’t known those in the Concrete had family names until he arrived. He’d gone on a hiking expedition and lost his way within a dense forest, I cannot say where this was in your world. His curiosity over a shimmering light deep within a cavern brought him through an open boundary nobody here knew about. This boundary was closed soon after.”
“So he left his family and his whole life to live here?”
“He claimed to be living alone and hadn’t anyone close to return to. He didn’t seem fond of anyone there. He found contentment with us. He was quite famous in Indulae. He was kept away from the townspeople since we knew so little of what he could do to us; we weren’t sure any disease he may have had would affect us here. So, he was closely examined and eventually made a home for himself where you now reside. I would have liked to have known him. And there was so little chance for me to explain anything to you before, I couldn’t have possibly told you.”
“I understand it wasn’t important. And I agree. Iraldon’s arrogance was the reason behind his secrecy and lies.”
Papalia told Ralla wonderful stories about her life before she met Iraldon. They called him by his true name, no longer referring to him by his alias. Papalia had been courted by much nicer men, regretful now she’d allowed Iraldon to sway her so.
“Jeslan reminds me of him some days,” Ralla admitted. “He insists we always talk after my treatments, which aren’t working fast enough. And the questions he asks me are so intrusive and strange. I tried not to tell him to just go and see for himself. I know he won’t. He’s just as intent on besmirching the Concrete to me as Iraldon was.”
Ralla had no idea how long she’d been in Indulae now. Her days were repetitive; she couldn’t track them accurately without calendars or anything to write. Jeslan was possessive of her time, growing petulant when she wanted to leave and visit Papalia. An epiphany had struck Ralla that destroying the concept of time itself would remove so many words and ideas from her vocabulary. Weeks and months didn’t exist here. Jeslan’s childish jibe she could’ve lost a year exasperated her. She’d asked Kel what day it was one morning, Kel confused by the query and asking what she meant. The fog she’d had from waking up hadn’t dissipated. Ralla then told Kel not to worry about it.
“Something isn’t right,” Ralla persisted to Papalia. “I’m wondering if the treatments are a ruse and Jeslan will keep me here for his amusement.”
Papalia had a look Ralla knew quite well. “I suspect the same, child. And I’ve heard whispers from Seth. He’s worried for you, too.”
“You can hear him?” Ralla asked, leaning in. “Can you send him a message?”
“Not as easily as I once could.”
“I need to find a way home, Papalia. I can’t stay thinking Jeslan will betray me. He didn’t give Josie his word, it was Erania, and I haven’t seen her since I arrived. Kel tends to me with kindness; I’ve come to trust her at least. And Onye treats me respectfully, but I think she’s being told to lie about my treatments. I’ve stood before her and tried to alter my form. I never can.”
“The water does have properties to change you, I simply don’t know how. Have you been hungry at all?”
“No. I never am. I don’t seem to need the little pills to breathe as much. The straps they tie on me every night, I can never move.”
“They’re making you powerless,” Papalia reasoned. “Perhaps the water is causing your body to adjust to being here without complaint. I think Jeslan wants you here as a human girl he doesn’t have to tend to in order to keep alive.”
“When Seth calls to you again, can you send a message in return?”
“I will try. What do you want me to say?”
“That I’m going to find a way out. I know you can’t do anything more without getting in trouble.”
Ralla kissed Papalia’s cheek as she was about to go, promising to see her soon. She could walk through the city without an escort. Many of the people she passed would not speak to her, their children staring with inquisitiveness and trepidation. She knew to return to her chambers before the sun had set.
Kel was brushing out Ralla’s hair that night. “I understand you went to see your friend Papalia today.”
“I did.”
“Jeslan is fond of you, too. He has enjoyed your company.”
Kel went about the chore of putting Ralla to bed. As she was placing the neck strap, Kel leaned in and whispered, “Be careful. The spies haven’t left you alone.”
Ralla couldn’t speak to ask more. The unconscious state she endured each night took over. She was slipping into it too quickly to act.
During her slumber, Ralla felt colder than usual. She’d had her sheets stripped away, and her skin was icy, every hair standing on end. The chill created another dream of the body of smoke hovering right above her. It moved slowly, like it was examining her all over again. It dropped to breathe softly against her ear and whisper her name.
“Ralla, you can’t leave. You won’t. I can’t allow it.”
The smoke curled its tendrils around her fingers, drifted through her hair and stroked her cheeks.
Don’t. This voice was hers, but it remained locked in her head.
“You’ll soon come to see I am right. You’re closer to this knowledge than you realise. I will give you far more than your precious world can offer.”
NO!
This scream forced her eyes open, the morning now here to greet her. Kel arrived, troubled and quiet while she released Ralla from her bonds.
“You slept badly,” Kel said, troubled. “I sensed it.”
“Someone was in here. Was it Jeslan?”
“It’s time for your treatment.”
Ralla went without a fuss. She had the case of pills in the pocket of her smock, reaching for them less often now, which meant she had far more than she’d anticipated. She was left alone once more with Onye, going through the motions to begin with then hesitating before she undressed.
“May I ask you a question before we start?”
Onye wasn’t suspicious of this. “Of course.”
“What do you see when you examine me? Do you see my core and my cells becoming more human, or is there something else happening?”
“You are changing,” Onye affirmed.
“Just not in the way you’re telling me.”
“It’s time to start.”
Ralla stepped down from the platform, disturbing Onye.
“I said, it’s time to start, Ralla. Go back up and lie down.”
“No. Tell me what the water is doing to me, and don’t lie to me, I know you dislike doing it. Duplicity is not common amongst your kind. You don’t want anyone thinking you’re like Iraldon, do you?”
“They said you were kind and obedient,” Onye persisted.
“Only if I’m respected,” Ralla replied coldly. “And not lied to.”
Onye was shrinking away from Ralla’s advance. “You won’t hurt me. It’s not in your nature.”
“You don’t know that. I may not be able to vanish, but I am capable of other things.”
“The water is changing you,” Onye quickly admitted. “We can’t have you turning to smoke, and we can’t have you suffocating. So the water is anchoring you here, making your body feel more accustomed. And the straps we use to put you to sleep, they’re working on your nerves to impede your reflexes. Jeslan is hoping you’ll be too weak to want to leave.”
“Then he didn’t take into consideration my mind is stronger than this.”
“He has others watching over you. He knows about your conversations with Papalia, and where your alliances are set.”
“Are they here now?”
“They’re not permitted in here,” Onye said. “This is my space. I’ve only agreed to do this for him in exchange for more resources, and to gather information on you for my own personal records.”
“Why would you need this information?” Ralla asked.
“I’ve been interested in your kind as well. I knew the man who lived here. I worked with him, and we became close.”
“You fell in love?”
“Yes. But I had to watch him die. I tried to keep him alive as long as I could, but he just kept growing older, and we do not age the same way.” Onye’s confession exposed her sorrow.
Ralla couldn’t continue her hostile stance. “You did it to keep him with you. But he genuinely wanted to stay, and I don’t. Help me leave. Please.”
“I will be punished.”
Ralla paced away to think. She slipped her hand into her pocket and took out the container.
“Tell him I drowned,” she said, her cunning returning. “That I didn’t take my pill in time, and something went wrong with the treatment. Then take my body to the nearest boundary.”
Onye’s once clinical demeanour was long gone. “He’ll have me banished.”
“You’ll tell him you didn’t do anything wrong. There was a mistake. You’ll use the straps to keep me still, then wrap me in a shroud as you did the other man. Jeslan won’t want anything to do with me if I’m not warm and willing, so he won’t have you followed.”
“I cannot do this by myself.”
“Kel will help you. So will Papalia, if she can.”
Ralla allowed Onye to fret and pace, her impatience mounting. 
“Alright,” Onye decided. “You’ll only make things difficult for me if you stay. But we won’t do this now. It will be tomorrow. Right now, you must pretend you’ve had your treatment, and Kel will take you to Jeslan.”
“Agreed. I will try to tell Papalia.”
Kel arrived to take Ralla to Jeslan. He was waiting for her in his chambers, bold and satisfied with himself, confirming he had been with Ralla in her sleep.
“You seem very pleased today,” Ralla opined.
“I am. I trust you had a good night’s sleep.”
“Splendid,” Ralla replied, smiling yet repulsed by his cockiness. She was going to interrogate him now her dream no longer felt like one.
“I have something to show you,” Jeslan said, putting out his hand.
She stayed put. “I need to know something first.”
“Yes?”
“The spies you sent to the Concrete to watch over me. Are they still watching me?”
“Only to keep you safe outside my chambers,” he replied without falter.
“They’ve not invaded Papalia’s home? Or my personal chamber?”
“I’ve granted you privacy, and heeded Onye’s wishes your treatments be kept out of sight. Besides, what need would I have to spy on you as you sleep?”
“Then no one else has been in my chamber while I was sleeping?”
“No. Of course not, Ralla.” His tone hadn’t shifted under the weight of her questions. “Kel is the only one who can enter your chamber to wake you each day.” 
Liar, she thought. Deceive me, then. Keep up your lies. My betrayal will be your comeuppance.
Jeslan hadn’t dropped his patience as yet. Ralla knew he would soon if she persisted.
“Why do you continue to doubt me?” Jeslan asked. “Have I not been charitable and welcoming to you?”
Jeslan’s sickening habit of speaking as if he’d never done anything wrong was too much like Iraldon’s. How many times had the pair of them moved to convince her she’d misunderstood their actions or misheard their words? Jeslan had also boldly claimed to be her only protector, a trick Iraldon had loved to use to keep her within his realm. She would not be fooled again.
“I was only curious.”
“If I’ve satisfied this, then I’d like you to come see what I’ve made for you.”
Her agreement to this was necessary. Her bluffs needed to be convincing.
Jeslan waved his hand as Ralla came closer. Her smock transformed into a beautiful iridescent dress of many colours, much like Papalia’s gowns. The bodice was tighter and the skirt, longer. She could feel her hair lifting and twirling itself into a braid. She’d not seen a mirror in all her time there; she could only assume how she looked.
“Now you look the part,” Jeslan said.
She had to allow for his touch when he linked his arm in hers. His hands were soft but not small; they may have had more strength in them. He was slight, a gentle breeze could knock him over, still she couldn’t underestimate his powers.
They didn’t speak on their way to Jeslan’s surprise. He hadn’t gifted her anything but fantastic tours of his fabulous floating city. She’d been made to meet other dignitaries, their fascination with her leaving her skin crawling.
Jeslan was tracing a new path they’d not taken. There was a small island across the water, covered by a sparking dome, the path quickly stretching to its bank. An archway opened when Jeslan was close, Ralla falling a step behind him.
He brought her into a greenhouse filled with trees and plants Ralla had seen in the forest on the other side of the mountain. She heard birds, and she moved ahead, spellbound as she looked for them.
“You have birds here?”
“Sadly, no. It’s just the sound of them. I’ll find music for you, too.”
Crystalline fronds dipped in her way. In the centre of the garden was a stunning ornate fountain, the water shooting up from under the island. Flowers were blooming as she watched, and the air was fragrant.
“This is yours,” Jeslan announced. “I made it for you. Do you like it?”
 She couldn’t. Accepting any kindness from Jeslan now was a mistake. But refusing would arouse his displeasure and sully her chances of escape.
“You can come here whenever you like,” he said, “and bring whoever you choose.”
“It’s lovely. Thank you.”
Jeslan encroached and Ralla wanted to recoil. He was lifting her hand to kiss it, and she let his lips touch her skin, shivering from the same chill he’d induced in her dream.
“May I spend some time here alone?” she asked. “Completely alone? No one will be watching over me?”
“Of course. Will I see you this evening?”
“Yes.”
Jeslan let her hand go and granted her request. Ralla could still see his figure through the dome as he traversed the water.
“Papalia!” she called. “I need you.”
Her friend was able to bring her heart butterfly into the dome. She appeared in her full form behind Ralla.
“What is this place?” Papalia asked.
“A gift from Jeslan. Part of his plan to imprison me here for good.”
Ralla divulged all Onye had told her, along with the scheme she’d concocted to get home.
“He came to me last night,” Ralla said, the hurt now slipping into her voice. “He works to charm me into submission. I have to go back.”
“I will meet you at the southern boundary. Kel will have to take you across the water.”
“Jeslan said they were guarded. How will I get past?”
“I’ll deal with whoever awaits, after I send word to Seth to watch for a sign of your return. I can’t tell you where in the Concrete that boundary lies upon.”
“As long as I can find some means of communication and direction, I’ll be able to reach him.”
“I’m sorry you’ve been put in this predicament, Ralla. If only I could’ve stopped them finding you. Had I known how maligned Jeslan’s intentions were…”
“You can’t take any blame for this. I won’t hear it. And you never would’ve been told these plans to begin with. They’ve tricked us both. All I need you to do is help me now.”
“I’ve decided I won’t stay here once this is over,” Papalia said solemnly. “I want to find a new place to live. I’m sure I’ll fall too far out of favour if I’m caught or left under suspicion.”
“I’d take you with me if I could.”
“I know.”
Papalia took her leave with the promise she was off to advise Seth of Ralla’s return. Ralla moved to the fountain and sat on the edge of the pool. The water here couldn’t reflect images, just light. It was like quicksilver — opaque and thick. Her fingers drifted over the surface to disturb its ripples. She was lulled to the brink of lethargy, reluctant to go and thinking of Seth. If she could’ve willed him here and shown him her garden, her spirits would have lifted.
The sound of birds brought her to tears. Jeslan filling this place with familiar things would only serve to make her more homesick. Sentimentality had bothered Iraldon; he had no time or pity for it. Meanwhile, Jeslan mistook it for joy. He thought it would make her happy.
The archway appeared at her silent behest, sensing her closeness. The path extended from the island this time to lead her back to her own chamber where Kel was waiting. Ralla didn’t disclose her plan until Kel could assure her they were alone.
“But he’s been so kind to you. He’s given you a whole garden of your own. Why can’t you stay?”
“Because I don’t belong here. Jeslan could give me this entire city and I’d never be happy. He thinks he loves me, but he wants to own me. He doesn’t know the difference. I miss my family, and my bed. I’m not hungry, still I miss the taste of things. This place has grown dull to me again, and that garden won’t delight me forever. I’d give it to you in exchange for my freedom.”
“Jeslan won’t let me have it.” 
“What do you want? You just seem to be at people’s beck and call. What do you like?”
“I’ve liked keeping you company. Tending to Erania was a harder chore. She didn’t want to go to the Concrete alone, and I’d have been remorseful if we’d had to bring you here against your will. I didn’t go there with the intention of hurting anyone. I was following my orders.”
“Do you like living here?” Ralla asked.
“I haven’t known anywhere else. Those I’ve known have since left. I thought my place was here. Perhaps I’m wrong.”
“Would you come with me to the Concrete?”
“I barely had to spend a moment there to know I didn’t belong, Ralla. Still, I see you’re not of this place, either. I can’t be cruel and make you stay for anyone. What has to be done?”
Ralla described her plan once more, detailing Kel’s involvement in it. Leaving this place dead made more sense. Kel was sickened by this but couldn’t think of any other way when Ralla pressed her for one.
“It will cause Jeslan great distress,” Kel warned.
“Only because he’ll be robbed of his prized possession. Don’t mistake his affections or actions toward me as affection, Kel. He wants to claim me. I may have my own wants met, but I’ll be under his control all the same. If he cared for me, he’d have done everything he could to bring my family here. And he would let me go if I asked. I know he won’t.”
Jeslan summoned Ralla and Kel took her to his chamber. He said he had another surprise for her, and Kel would be called when needed.
He’d conjured elements of a stately ballroom: a giant glistening chandelier hung from the ceiling, and candles were set upon tables around a dance floor. Music played from an unseen source, muffled by the softness of the walls. He’d gone and studied the concept of romance without asking Ralla what she found romantic. His unwillingness to understand her needs repelled her, not his shallow Prince Charming routine.
“Where did you find the music?” Ralla asked.
“I’ve sent servants on errands to the Concrete to collect these things for you. I’ll decorate your chamber too, if you like.” He paused to add, rather pointedly, “Perhaps when your treatments are done, you could come stay with me.”
He drew her in without asking her to dance. She followed his lead, unwilling but unable to show any hesitation. Expecting him to not know what to do, she waited for him to tread on her foot. He was gracefully moving her around the room, her own footsteps responding accordingly. She hadn’t been taught to dance, while he’d stolen the knowledge to mimic it perfectly. She uttered his name out of astonishment, distracted by his smile as her feet were leaving the floor.
“You’ve adapted well to this place, Ralla,” Jeslan remarked proudly. “And far quicker than I expected.”
“Why do you want me here? What is it about me?”
“The stories I’d heard of you, how you’d dispensed of Iraldon; they may have brought fear to others, but the more I heard, the more I needed to meet you. The commotion your abilities caused gave me reason to see if you could be brought here and mended. I honestly never thought I’d come to adore you as much as I do now.”
He chose this moment to try and kiss her lips. She couldn’t stop from turning her cheek.
“What else can I do to make you love me, Ralla?”
“Let me go,” she whispered.
“Fine.”
She dropped straight to the spongey floor, sinking slightly and cowering as he floated down in front of her.
“You’re not leaving here. Your treatment is nowhere near finished.”
Ralla stood with her eyes on Jeslan’s. “I’m tired. I want to go to bed.”
“You’re very ungrateful, Ralla. I don’t think there’s a single person in the Concrete who is even remotely willing to give you what I have.”
“Why should I care if it’s not what I want?”
“I wanted to hand Indulae over to you. But you’re choosing to be a prisoner here, this is not my imposition.”
Until now, Ralla had respectfully waited for Jeslan to dismiss her. She walked out with her fists by her sides, her tears not falling until she realised she’d fallen into the same trap Josie had with Brent. She’d made herself obligated to Jeslan; his law kept her safe from anyone else with worse intentions. He truly was her protector and her incarcerator, far more than Iraldon had ever been. Her ungratefulness was now bringing these punishments. What had her bereft was knowing she couldn’t just call Josie to come and save her. She’d been too scared of panicking Josie by sending Papalia’s message to her instead of Seth. Protecting Josie wasn’t what she needed. Josie wouldn’t have wanted it.
Kel found her in the hall, shepherding her to her chamber.
“Don’t worry,” Kel said, holding Ralla and giving her the only human affection she’d had in ages. “I’ll get you out of here.”


Lily didn’t respond to any of Seth’s messages, just as he’d expected. But he couldn’t be mean and call her out for it. He only wanted to apologise, even offer to help Nick fix her car. He didn’t want to be in her bad books. He needed friends. But he wasn’t doing anything to earn her friendship. The mess kept him off his computer and out of contact with his friends for the rest of the school break.
His head was always elsewhere. Josie was far more understanding about his schoolwork this time around; she’d been making her own stupid mistakes at work, so had Nick. They were all pretending they were okay.
Lacey came by to visit, confused by Ralla’s absence since she still didn’t have all the details on what had happened. Josie’s lies didn’t do any good convincing her. Lacey was respectful and accepted it anyway.
This could become their new, colourless existence. There had been some energy after the move; a sense of change that Seth hadn’t fought against or worried about. It was optimism, an elusive idea up until then. He’d looked forward to things, inspired to come up with campaigns and games for him and Ralla to play. He got excited about movies and books he’d not cared about since he was a kid. In this vacuum, it was harder to get up and deal with everything, harder to talk or pay attention. Harder to remember basic stuff; he’d left schoolbooks he’d needed over a weekend and couldn’t get them, forced to rush his assignments. Josie let him off if he’d neglected certain chores, but he was quicker to apologise for it now. Important matters were left unattended, and procrastinating was once again the easiest thing for Seth to do.
If Ralla was the oxygen they all needed, and she didn’t come back, they’d forget how to breathe. And how to live.
Seth found a note in his locker at the end of the week from Lily asking if she could talk to him. He didn’t get why she hadn’t texted him until she explained she’d deleted his number and didn’t want to message him online to say what she needed.
“I wanted to apologise for being such a baby about you turning me down.”
“You weren’t being a baby,” he said.
“I could’ve been maturer about it, and paid more attention to the fact you’re missing Ralla. I hope she comes back, least then you’ll stop being miserable without her.”
“I’m not sure she will. It’s looking less likely every day.”
A flicker in the corner of his eye had him looking past Lily.
“Did you see that?” he asked her.
“No. Why don’t you think Ralla will come home?”
The flicker was there again, like a bug trying to get in his face. 
She is… said a whisper.
Lily heard this. “Did you say something?”
“Shhh. Just wait.”
Seth held out his hand the way Ralla had done, Papalia materialising on the tip of his middle finger. Lily’s sudden gasp ruffled Papalia’s wings.
“It’s beautiful,” Lily muttered.
“Seth, I have a message from Ralla for you,” Papalia said urgently.
“What is it?”
“She’s coming home. Soon. But the boundary she’ll go through, I don’t know where it leads or how far away she’ll be from you when she crosses.”
“We’ll find her. Don’t worry.”
Seth had to ignore Lily’s astonishment he was talking to a butterfly.
“Wait for her call,” Papalia advised. “It won’t be long. She’s preparing to leave Indulae soon. It will take a great amount of risk on her part, but I’ll do all I can to help.”
“I’ll tell Josie.”
“Good.” 
Papalia fluttered up then vanished again, Lily blinking in disbelief.
“I have to go,” Seth said to her.
“Why does a talking butterfly know Ralla’s coming back? Why do you even have a talking butterfly?”
“She’s not mine,” he said impatiently. “I’ll explain it all later. Sorry, I really have to go.”
He took out his phone and called Josie, deciding to walk home. She was at the shop finishing up with a customer and told him to wait a second. He couldn’t stop her putting the phone down.
“I can’t get away to give you a ride,” she said as soon as she got back on the line.
“It doesn’t matter. I just saw Papalia. She said Ralla’s escaping Indulae and she’ll be back in the Concrete soon.”
“What?” Josie exclaimed. “Where? Where will she be?”
“That’s the problem, Papalia doesn’t know. We have to wait for Ralla to contact us.”
“We’ll go wherever we have to. Even if it takes a plane ride, we’ll find her.”
“I’m heading home now.”
“Hold on. Why is she escaping now? Is she in trouble?”
“Papalia didn’t have time to explain.”
“I hope nothing goes wrong. I’ll tell Nick, then I’ll call the police. If I report her missing, at least a bulletin can go out and we’ll have more people on the lookout for her.”
“That’s if she ends up somewhere close by.”
“I’ll get Interpol involved if I have to.”
Seth might have misconstrued this intense determination as a sign Josie loved Ralla more than him, but he was thinking exactly the same: whatever it took.
Sitting around waiting for a call was going to be a part of this. Seth returned to an empty house and couldn’t sit still. He didn’t want to be occupied, and his phone was in his pocket, the ringer turned up full blast. He’d end up getting detention if it went off while he was at school. He was going to ignore any related punishments.
Josie had already called the local police department and requested the report be sent to as many nearby towns as possible. If they felt it necessary, they’d put out a statewide announcement. Ralla’s likeness appearing on television was going to attract all sorts of questions he was likely to brush off. Magical butterflies and duplicitous creatures from another realm weren’t going to be acceptable answers. Lily could be more receptive to the truth. Seth wasn’t going to count on it.
Nick and Josie couldn’t sleep that night. Seth’s attempt to do so was wasted. They stayed up in the living room, Josie clutching her third cup of coffee that day. Her pale blonde hair hadn’t been washed for days, her sunken eyes and sallow skin worsening for her lack of rest.
“I hate this,” Josie complained as she took another sip and set the cup aside. “Why can’t we go to her? Why is she doing this alone?”
“I don’t think she is,” Seth said. “Papalia’s helping her.”
“But she said Ralla’s taking a giant risk. What if she fails? Is there another plan?”
Nick tried to cease Josie’s fretting. “I’m sure Papalia will tell us if something goes wrong.”
“She could still get caught, Nick.” Josie dropped her head in her hands and groaned. “Why did I let her go? Why didn’t I fight? I knew they’d do this to her.”
“She was protecting you,” Nick reminded her. “When she gets back, I’ll do what I can to keep her from making any more impossible decisions.”
Seth wasn’t able to sit and worry with Josie all night, announcing then he was going to try and get some sleep. He nodded off after lying down, checking his phone as soon as he woke up. 
Josie kept him home and informed the school there was a family emergency. Kyle wasn’t free to take over the shop, and Josie didn’t want Nick sacrificing any work; she’d call him the minute she heard anything.
She let Seth post a message online about Ralla’s disappearance, leaving the number to call if anyone saw her. Michael called him straight away.
“How long has she been missing?”
“About a day now,” Seth lied. “She took off from that bridging school and didn’t call us.”
“That’s nuts. You don’t even sound all that freaked out.”
“I’m as freaked out as I’ve ever been,” Seth retorted. “I hadn’t heard from her until they called to say she was gone.”
“Lily said something about a butterfly, but she sounded out of it.”
Seth hadn’t thought to tell Lily to keep this a secret. It wasn’t a problem that needed his attention right then. “I have to get off the phone in case Ralla calls.”
Michael apologised and hung up.
Looking for Josie, Seth was calling down the corridor when he saw Ralla’s bedroom door open. Josie was inside, sitting on the bed and looking at another butterfly ornament, morose. Seth went to comfort her but didn’t have any encouraging words.
“You can’t give up hope now,” he said, this being the best he could do
“I just want to wait where she’ll arrive. I didn’t count on ever being this anxious again, Seth. It hurts more than when I thought she was just gone. It hurts as much as when you went missing. I’m not holding on to either of you tight enough.”
“It wasn’t about that. She made a choice, but she doesn’t deserve to suffer for it. We don’t stand a chance without her in the Other.”
“She knew how to survive there, how to get to the mountain in moments and not hours. But if they’ve robbed her of any way of navigating that place, does she stand a chance?”
Josie’s phone started ringing and she scrambled to answer it. “Hello?… Hi, Nick… No, nothing… That’s fine, stay as long as you have to, I’ll let you know if I hear anything… That’d be great… Love you, too… Bye.” She hung up and sighed. “I’ll end up having a heart attack waiting for her to call.”
“Do you need anything?”
“Nick’s bringing something home. I can’t deal with cooking, I’m sorry. But some tea would be nice.”
“Okay.”
Josie took his hand. “Seth?”
“Yeah?’
“Thank you so much. I don’t thank you enough for how good you are. So don’t worry about school. I know it’s been harder for you lately, and you’re still trying, that’s all that matters. When this is over and Ralla’s back, maybe we can look at getting you a car. How does that sound?”
“Maybe,” he said before wandering back to his room.
Any other day, he’d been all for it. He’d gotten his licence fast enough from already been taught to drive Nick’s truck at fourteen. He’d even been planning to teach Ralla.
She had to come back for that to happen.



Chapter 7

The agony of waiting for Ralla to contact them was succinct. Josie now couldn’t sleep out of fear she’d miss the one vital call as to where Ralla was. She was far too comfortable feeding the local police a few necessary fabrications. At the same time, she was insistent they contact her if they had any word.
“Did she have a reason to run away from where she was?” the officer taking down the bulletin asked.
“She was a bit homesick, but she wanted to surprise us,” Josie explained. “She hasn’t called since the other day, and she didn’t come back when she said she would. I thought she was catching a bus, but I’m worried now she decided to hitchhike and hasn’t got the money to contact me. She doesn’t have a phone on her at the moment.”
Lacey phoning from out of town after she’d seen the bulletin threw Josie into another anxious spin.
“I’m not that far away,” Lacey insisted. “Are you sure you don't want me to come help?”
“Just keep an eye out for her. I have no idea where she is. You might be closer to her than we are.”
“I’m so sorry you’re going through this again, Josie.”
“I have to tough it out, like last time,” Josie sighed, adding she needed to keep her line free in case the police or Ralla called. 
Nick couldn’t abandon the shop, so Kyle was okay with doing extra hours now he knew Ralla was in trouble.
The boundaries between the Concrete the Other could be placed anywhere. Josie had never left the country. She was investigating how quickly she could obtain a passport, and any possible costs of bringing Ralla home if she was too far out of reach. The police had yet to offer a reward for any information, Josie willing to pay them herself while knowing this generosity could be exploited.
She expected Nick to disagree on the cost of finding Ralla, tentative about bringing it up. They may have come into a reasonable fortune from his parents’ estate, it didn’t mean he would sacrifice this to bring Ralla home.
“I know it’s so much to ask,” Josie said.
“It’s not,” he replied. “It’s just money, Josie. She’s more important now. So whatever it takes.”
Josie hugged him tightly. “You must still think I’m being crazy.”
“You’re being a mother. I wouldn’t expect anything less from you. It’s why I love you so much.”
Seth sharing the bulletin on Facebook garnered more reactions than Josie asked for. The kids who’d given her grief were now genuinely worried about her, whether out of guilt for their own horrible behaviour or simply concern. Seth was more irritated by this than Josie could be. She would set aside her grievances for now. Ralla’s return was far too important.
The clues to finding Ralla simply wouldn’t come. The picture they’d given to the police was recent. A couple of calls came in pertaining to someone similar in appearance. Or they were given a good lead that turned out to be someone trying to be helpful; they didn’t want to ignore it in case it was Ralla.
Josie didn’t want Seth and Nick losing sleep over this. She wrote a note to Seth’s homeroom teacher that he needed to be excused immediately if they had to collect Ralla. She’d make sure he wasn’t penalised for missing any days. 
She’d also been glad he’d at least gone out with his friend Lily; she’d never asked him to ignore anyone or not have any fun. He hadn’t wanted to divulge his conflict over Lily having feelings for him, Josie suspecting he was scared Ralla might think he’d been drifting away from her while she was gone. Lily was sweet enough to try and be Ralla’s friend too, her gesture bringing Ralla and Seth home after the party touching Josie. She knew better than to force Seth to invite Lily around. Offering to help with Lily’s car was purely out of gratitude.
Nick was spending most of his time working to alleviate his own angst. They’d picked up far more business in Upton. He admitted he’d been slack by comparison working in Huntsville with so little work coming in each day. He’d made casual considerations to hiring more help, offering Seth hours if he wanted to earn some money. Seth’s interest in cars didn’t quite come close to his personal obsession with computers, the tasks involved with fixing a laptop being a lot cleaner than getting oil all over his hands from a broken engine. Thanks to Nick, he was skilled at fixing his dirt bike, that was now left in the garage, leaning against the wall with an old sheet covering it. The flats where he used to ride were almost an hour outside of Upton, and Josie had to respect the neighbours not being fond of too much noise. Otherwise, she’d have let him go riding wherever he wanted. Seth never bought it up again. Nothing seemed to matter to him, apart from Ralla.
Josie was up late one night, Nick awake beside her. She had her phone constantly charging, never letting it run down to a point the battery would fail in the middle of a call. Occupying their hours and ignoring the time passing was their biggest failure.
“Is it terrible I’m glad we’re not having another kid because of this?” Nick asked.
“Of course not. I used to think I couldn’t handle having a child because I’d forever be worried about them. And I never planned on falling pregnant when I did. I hadn’t even had a conversation with Brent or any other guy, since I was so young. I didn’t have the nerve to bring it up. I expected Brent to be angry, not murderous. That was me at my most naive.”
“You wouldn’t want him around now, Josie. I never doubted he hurt you. If you really had killed him out of self-defence, I would have understood. He could have easily killed you long before you told him you were pregnant.”
“I should’ve left him the first night he hit me. But I told myself I deserved to be there, and I had nowhere to go. I couldn’t run home and admit I’d screwed up. I was an idiot. I’m still an idiot. Ralla would be at home right now if I’d played this smarter.”
“Ralla chose to go out of fear we’d forget her. She protected us and I trusted her decision when I believed Kel and Erania. Don’t you think Ralla is going to come back now and say she was an idiot too? We can’t let her believe that, Josie. Having a big heart doesn’t make you an idiot.”
She rested her head on his shoulder and thanked him for keeping her grounded.
“I would let all this run riot in my head if you weren’t here. I’ll make this up to you, Nick.”
“I don’t need you to make anything up to me. You know you don’t owe me for staying. I’m here because I want to be. I’ve always wanted to stay, even on the worst days. And I still will.”
Josie wasn’t mistaking this as a proposal. Her commitment wasn’t based on making this legal; they’d been living together long enough that the legalities were less of an issue. She’d not passed a jewellery store and gazed longingly at the rings in the window, dreaming of the day she’d be asked for her hand. She had more than she needed now with Nick. Seth would still be hers if Ralla had never returned, but she was more thankful he hadn’t run away forever believing Ralla was there to replace him.
Josie just had to get Ralla back and everything would be complete. She’d never ask for anything again.


Kel was to go about her duties tending to Ralla as if nothing was amiss. Jeslan wasn’t lurking around, and Ralla hadn’t been encroached upon. She could only think he was holding such a severe grudge that he’d been disinterested in attacking her again.
Onye was waiting nervously for Ralla and Kel. She had prepared a raft on which to place Ralla’s seemingly lifeless body, that she’d wrap in a coloured shroud, loose enough for Kel to remove once they were over the lake. Then Onye would inform Jeslan of Ralla’s death — they’d be taking her body to the boundary to leave in the Concrete for her family to find. They wouldn’t be able to turn her to mist to carry her across the water. Ralla didn’t expect them to exert themselves in this manner to save her.
Papalia had sent the message to Seth, and now she was with the guards at the southern boundary, dealing with them in whatever way was necessary.
Ralla drew on as much calm as she had left. She remained still on the raft as the straps were applied. Kel kept her neck strap loose so she’d have a sliver of consciousness. She would be in a dreamlike state, outside of wakefulness and possibly able to still hear what was happening. Travelling over the massive expanse of water petrified her. She’d told Kel of her inability to swim; she couldn’t fall in at any cost. Kel assured her the waters were still and the winds would not disrupt them. She’d be able to guide the raft in the right direction.
Once her body was weak, Ralla was carefully wrapped in the shroud. The cloth over her face was thin, allowing her to breathe, as shallow as that might be. There was a shame in thinking she wasn’t fighting her way out. She had to be smart and strong to survive this.
Onye had another access point in her treatment room that led to her private chamber. From here, another path ran down to a small dock where Kel could launch the raft. Ralla caught snippets of their hushed conversation. Another voice asked them what they were carrying, Onye announcing the girl from the Concrete hadn’t survived her last treatment. She’d struggled and broken one of the restraints, drowning before Onye could drain the vat. The other party expressed their dismay. Kel asked the inquisitive being not speak to Jeslan until they’d had a chance to break the terrible news.
Ralla fell into a dream of floating. Her eyes were open and uncovered, looking up at a perfect blue sky — the sky of the Concrete. The sunlight kissed her skin. These things were still fantastic to her; still amazing. Otharine’s splendour and beauty would forever be ugly if she was detained there.
Hold on, Ralla.
A violent jolt tipped her from her dream and into the water beneath the raft. Her limbs were immobilised; she was deadweight from the straps. The shroud was going to be her burial gown. Her nervous system was flooded with adrenaline, yet she could still feel her limbs now. She wasn’t breaking apart into vapour. If she did, she’d become part of the water itself.
Her brain screamed at her body to wake up. She wriggled and twisted, her hands coming to life at last so she could pull off the shroud. Her legs began to kick harder. Once her arms were free of the shroud, she pulled at the water above her, rising faster. The water was so much denser and darker than the pool she’d been pushed into. Only her will could form the strength she needed to burst through to the surface.
A hand grabbed hers and yanked her up to the thin air. She took a huge gulp but her chest seized up.
She hadn’t swallowed another pill to breathe. She was suffocating.
“Ralla!”
Kel was dragging Ralla through the water with one arm, pulling the capsized raft over with her other hand so Ralla could hold on to it.
“I can’t breathe!” Ralla gasped.
“Hold on. I may be able to get you to the shore.”
Both of Kel’s arms went around Ralla’s middle, the embrace lasting barely a second before Ralla was smoke once more. Kel altered her own body to carry Ralla in a cloud, her strength greater than Ralla’s. It propelled them just above the water. Ralla’s was still able to see behind them.
A storm had erupted, turning the once placid lake into the tempest that had flipped their raft over. Indulae should have been distant but it was coming towards them, floating faster.
What’s happening?
Kel gathered some speed to reach the shore at last. The city ceased its own chase as Kel dropped Ralla’s now solid body to the ground, reforming to pull Ralla to her feet. 
Now her throat was flesh again, Ralla’s suffocation began anew. Kel took one of the pills from her pocket, giving it to Ralla to swallow.
“Jeslan discovered your plan,” Kel told her as they started to run inland.
Ralla had forgotten to bend the ground with her stride, her pace was drastically hindered. Muscle memory kicked in, and her gait adjusted, Kel’s hand around hers.
“He’s bringing the whole city after me?” Ralla shouted now her breath was back.
“He brought the storm to stop us. I don’t believe he wants you dead.”
Papalia was waiting for them, terrified of what was looming up behind them. Ralla ran into her arms and spun back to see the looming, enormous city stretching its shadow over the ground. 
Jeslan dropped down from the highest point.
“Why are you abandoning me, Ralla?” he asked her, stoic in the face of Ralla’s consternation. “I’ve brought Indulae to you. It’s all yours, and you’re running from me.”
“I don’t want anything from you. I want to go home, and I am going.”
“You aren’t. Indulae’s energy is disrupting the boundary behind you. If you pass through it, you’ll be torn to shreds before you’ll be delivered to your precious realm.”
“You’re lying. You’ve dragged your city here just to impress me, with absolutely no regard to your people. You could turn the entirety of Otharine upside down, and I’d still not care. And if I ruled, I could cast you out. Wouldn’t I immediately have the right to do so?”
“Who said I’ll give it to you now?” he childishly asked. “You’ve betrayed me and my trust. You are as crooked as the creatures you love.”
“I’ll still never be as cruel as you, Jeslan. I know you’ve been to violate me. You’ve obliterated what little trust I had in you.” She took a step back. “Now you can watch me leave you for good.”
“Walk to your death, then,” he goaded. “Don’t heed my warning.”
Ralla shot a glance back at the boundary. The landscape had distorted, flashes of light pulsing with explosions, like an electrical storm, bursting and spreading as she watched.
“You don’t love me!” Ralla shouted angrily. “You’ve attacked me in my sleep, and you’ll do it again. You’ll subdue me and make me a shadow of myself. I’ll hate you for the rest of my life. If you keep me here, I’ll let myself die.”
Papalia brushed past Ralla in a furious flurry. “I won’t have you harming this girl anymore, Jeslan. I shouldn’t have let anyone take her from her home, least of all you. You and Iraldon. You’ve done nothing but terrorise her.”
“What can you even do, old woman?” Jeslan laughed. “What possible power could you muster now, the once great and beautiful Papalia, who let herself be swayed by the feeble trickster, Iraldon?”
Kel was drawing Ralla back towards the boundary, whispering, “Just wait.”
Papalia’s gown crumpled to the ground, Ralla gasping and covering her mouth. Jeslan sneered as Ralla was about to weep. The storm brewing stronger in the sky and the trap behind her weren’t bringing distress anymore.
“Don’t cry, Ralla,” Kel told her. “Just wait.”
Papalia’s swarm exploded out from the pile of cloth, surging up with enormous tenacity to attack the clouds above them. Jeslan’s sneer turned to snivelling, and he cowered as the swarm descended upon him. Now his concentration was broken, Indulae’s force weakened. The city drifted away, its influence on the boundary destroyed.
“Run,” Kel told her.
 Ralla had to take her chance. She darted towards the gate as the bursts of energy died down, taking a running leap into the boundary and trusting wherever she landed on the other side would still be safer than Otharine.


Days had passed since Papalia’s message. Seth and Josie were exhausted from their lack of sleep. The phone calls coming in were either more false alarms or people offering to assist out of concern. Nick was polite at first, then irritated by the end.
“I get people think they’re helping with these possible sightings…”
“One of them was from Huntington,” Josie said. “It was too much to hope she end up back at our old house.”
“She memorised all our numbers,” Seth told them. “She said she was scared she might lose her phone and not remember them.”
“That’s more than I bothered to do,” Nick said, slumping on the couch. He’d been going to work and coming home exhausted enough to sleep, but he was just as restless as Josie.
“I thought I could bank on some maternal instinct to track her down,” Josie sighed. “But I couldn’t find her for sixteen years. She still had to come to me.”
A knock at the door startled them. Josie rushed to answer it to Lily, her disappointment too obvious for Lily not to look guilty.
“Sorry. I’m just here to see Seth.”
“Of course, come in.” Josie made a feeble offering to get Lily something to drink. Lily declined with a thank you.
Seth took Lily to his room so they could talk. “Don’t mind Josie, she’s really on edge.”
“Why wouldn’t she be? I picked a bad time to see you.”
“All the time is a bad time for us right now, Lily. Not that I’m blaming you.”
“Can I help find her?” Lily asked. “I’ve been really worried. Like, I thought she’d eventually show up, but then I started thinking about everything you told me about how her, and that butterfly…”
“There isn’t much you can do. It’s dangerous where Ralla is right now. Deadly. It’s where I nearly died. She grew up there, in a way, but she still doesn’t belong there.”
“Where is this place?”
“You’re not going to believe anything I have to say, so it doesn’t matter if I say it.”
“I didn’t believe in magic butterflies until recently. Try me.”
Lily sat across from Seth and gave her full attention as he finally described the Other to her. He spoke of Iraldon and his deal with Josie.
“Iraldon called himself Calder because his true name was a curse to him. He tortured Ralla and tormented Josie, then he tried to kill me. He was beyond evil. Something else entirely. He wasn’t human, he was one of these creatures from the Other. They call it Otharine. Ralla killed Calder in the end, and she never wanted to go back, but some people decided she wasn’t allowed to walk around in this world with his powers.”
“She has powers?”
“This is the terrible part. They sent spies after her, and they were there at that party. Rebecca was staging a prank against Ralla to push her into the pool. Lauren even recorded it. Only Ralla hasn’t been here long, she’s not learned to swim, so she freaked and turned to smoke… She was starved by Calder for ages so she could be like him. These creatures, they can erase memories. Completely. The reason you don’t remember is they made you forget. They made everyone there forget. Even Michael and Rebecca.”
“What? How…?”
Lily wouldn’t have considered this had she not seen Papalia.
“It’s what they can do,” Seth explained, his anger starting to scramble his words. “They’re weird and callous. Except for Papalia. She’s the butterfly you saw. That was her heart, and Calder caught it in a jar once and nearly killed her.”
Lily put up her hands. “Stop. This is too much.”
“I’m sorry. I’m just trying to explain.”
“Are these things floating around now, messing with people’s minds?”
“Not now. They took Ralla. She’s had to escape, and right now we’re waiting for her to contact us. I’m hoping they’ll leave us alone once she’s home.”
Lily decided she’d heard all she could and got up to leave. “I don’t think I can help you with this. I don’t think you’re lying. It’s still really hard to believe.”
“You don’t have to believe a word of it. Just be her friend when she gets here, and take her for who she is.”
“I can do that.”
“Seth!” Josie shouted from the living room. “We have to go!”
He went out, Lily letting him past.
“Why?”
“They found her,” Josie said shakily. She’d been at the ready to go, Nick pulling his jacket on by the front door.
“Where is she?” Seth asked.
“The station outside Brookton called. It’s five hours away, but she’s waiting there.”
Lily smiled at Seth. “Tell her to call me when she gets back into town.”
“I will.”
Josie was now pulling out her keys from her bag that had been left in the same place. It was nearly three in the afternoon. They’d be on the road without stopping long, probably taking shifts unless Josie had so much anxiety about reaching Ralla, she’d speed the whole way there. Lily got her car out of the driveway, Seth thanking her for coming before she took off. 
Nick finished locking up the house and Josie drove them out of town, her lead foot nearly pushing them over the limit.
“We still have to get there in one piece,” Nick warned her.
“Sorry. She sounded okay when I talked to her, just a little shaken.”
“What did she say?” Seth asked, stuck in a tailspin over this sudden miracle.
“She said she’d made it out of Otharine and wound up beside this road, only she didn’t know where. She flagged down a family who drove her to the nearest station. The police knew who she was when she presented at the desk.”
“At least she didn’t end up in another country,” Nick said gratefully. “She would be terrified.”
Seth resented having so many hours to sit and think about his reunion with Ralla. He’d rather have taken over driving for a stretch; that would’ve been a more productive use of his time. He’d have definitely gotten a speeding ticket. They couldn’t afford to be pulled over.
They still needed to stop for fuel, Nick going inside to find caffeine for Josie. Seth grabbed Ralla’s favourite chocolate bar, figuring she’d want something sweet.
Nick drove them the remaining two hours. Seth’s foot was tapping by the time they hit the outskirts of Brookton. The station was situated at the far end of town, Josie navigating with her phone as Nick cruised around. The neon lights and signs were all on at the station, and Josie was jumping out as Nick and Seth were still undoing their seat belts
Inside, Josie was demanding the attention of anyone she thought would help. Seth couldn’t see Ralla immediately, she wasn’t right there waiting. Nick took Josie aside when she was told to wait by the female officer who’d greeted her.
Seth stuck his hands in his pockets and shuffled his feet. Josie took a seat but was standing again immediately. Nick was perched on the edge of another chair, rubbing his head. 
The officer returned with someone right behind her.
Ralla was wearing a grubby, whitish dress with a long, ratty cardigan over it, a faded pair of tracksuit pants under them. Her hair was a mess, and her bare feet were dirty. Josie was sobbing as she reached Ralla to hug her close. Nick had his arms around both of them. Seth could see Ralla’s face, her eyes shut tight. She wasn’t smiling.
Josie was required to sign some paperwork to confirm Ralla was who she claimed to be, Nick going with her. 
Seth wanted to go to Ralla, She was hanging back, lachrymose.
“I’m sorry I left,” she said, her voice scratchy. “You were right. It was a trick.”
“Are you okay?”
She nodded silently, like she couldn’t bring herself to speak. She accepted his hug, whimpering a little. He told her everything would be alright now; they’d get her home as soon as they could. And he was so happy to see her.
“I thought you hated me for the way I left,” she said.
“I was angry, but not for long. It doesn’t matter now.”
It was suggested by Nick they find a motel and crash there for the night rather than try and make the long trek home. Seth would’ve rather gone back to his own bed, the relief of finding Ralla leaving him drained.
The officer mentioned a place near the freeway that would still be open. Nick drove them there with Seth in the front. Josie was in the back, Ralla resting her head in Josie’s lap. Josie needed this time with her daughter; she needed to offer the comfort Ralla had missed out on.
There was only one room left at the motel big enough for all of them. Seth took the foldout and stayed awake to stare at Ralla in the dark, fast asleep on the single bed beside him.
She’d survived Otharine with clear and present scars. Her account of her time there had to wait. The officers who’d called Josie hadn’t asked many questions. Josie assured them there was nothing criminal to report. She couldn’t incriminate beings from another world.
But Ralla had suffered worse than what Calder had done to her, if that were even possible. She’d been betrayed all over again by these sickening entities who’d played on her trust so willingly. She’d given herself up like a fugitive who was tired of running for a crime they’d never actually committed. So what else had she acquiesced to? Would she even want to admit to it?
Having to account for her time to the police was tricky for Ralla. She’d claimed she’d decided to head home and boarded the wrong bus, running out of money and unable to catch one back. The officer said Ralla had apologised — she hadn’t known so many people were looking for her. Josie told her they’d have gone any distance to get her back; she had to know how precious she was to them.
“I’d have gone to the ends of the earth,” Josie had said.
“You’ve already gone much further for Seth,” Ralla then replied.
The one thing Seth needed to tell Ralla was how badly he’d wanted to go to the Other to rescue her. This had been truer still when Papalia had told him about the planned escape from Otharine.
Josie and Nick were reasonably rested the next day. Ralla still looked haggard and unhappy, while Seth’s night on the foldout hadn’t been as tranquil. Josie decided they’d have breakfast before leaving town, then they’d head home as fast as possible.
Ralla didn’t care about her dirty clothes so much. She took her time eating slowly, not desperate to fill her belly as she’d been when Seth first found her.
“Did they feed you?” Josie asked quietly.
Ralla shook her head and refused to say anything. Seth saw Josie tearing up and determined to not break down.
In the car on the way home, Seth and Ralla sat in the back. The window down; she needed to feel the breeze. Seth handed her the chocolate bar he’d gotten for her, the gesture encouraging a smile from her. She still shared it with him, breaking off pieces and giggling as she licked the chocolate from her fingers. Little things could still brighten her; Seth wasn’t expecting her to be overjoyed. Her ordeal with Calder left her as close to depressed as he’d seen anyone, including Josie. He could see himself telling Josie to give Ralla some space; she’d speak when she was ready.
By noon, they were home again, the last twenty-four hours feeling more like a dream to Seth. Ralla went and took a shower, and Josie put some clean clothes on her bed. Seth wasn’t sure what to do with himself. Nick had to return to the shop to finish yesterday’s work, saying to Josie he’d be back as soon as it was done.
“I’m wondering if I should even ask her what happened,” Josie said to Seth as she was making some tea for herself and Ralla. “Or if I really want to know… Or if she’ll ever tell me.”
“Give her time.”
“After we got back from the Other, I thought she might shut me out forever. It’s taken her so long to get over that. She hasn’t completely healed, yet here they are, ripping her wounds open and making more. If they ever think of setting foot here again, I’ll exterminate them like I should’ve done in the first place.”
Her malice was understandable to Seth. “Do you think you’d have it in you to genuinely kill one of them if you could?”
“I’d have killed Calder to stop him taking Ralla.”
Lily’s statement Seth despised Calder for being the reason he and Ralla knew one another banged around his head as they’d been on the road. “Would you change things now? He’s the reason I’m here.”
Josie stopped what she was doing. “I wouldn’t, Seth. If I could go back, I’d treat you better. I’m glad I don’t have to worry about your mum coming to take you back. I’d be putting up a major fight if she did.” 
He wasn’t as prepared for Josie turning this notion back on to him. “Would you change this if you could?”
“Not now I know I wasn’t wanted,” he replied.
Josie took him in her arms. “You belong here with us as much as Ralla does.”
“I know.”
Ralla came in as Josie was returning to her task. She asked Ralla if she wanted something to eat, careful not to smother or dote excessively.
“Maybe later… Has anyone seen my purple butterfly? It’s not on my wall.”
“I have it,” Seth told her.
She followed him to his room, where he gave her back the butterfly.
“I was whispering to it at night, thinking Papalia might hear me.” This was harder to admit than taking it. “Pretty dumb, huh?”
“No,” she smiled. “It worked.”
“It did?” 
“I was so relieved when she said she’d heard you. She agreed to send you a message from me. Without her, you’d never have even known I was coming back.”
“She’s not in trouble because she came back, is she?”
Ralla was pensive again. “She threw herself in the path of Jeslan. He was blocking the boundary… She swarmed him, and he thought she’d be no match for him and his floating city. I got away, but I don’t know if she’s alright, or if Kel was hurt. If it weren’t for them, I’d still be stuck in Indulae. There was no other way.”
“How did you get away?”
“I faked my own death. Then I nearly drowned.”
Ralla’s explanation wasn’t emotional, a numbness protecting her from the worst of her pain. He couldn’t avoid being affected by it.
“What happened?”
She took in a shaky breath and sighed. “I was tricked. I had to use trickery to escape. I don’t know if I can explain it now, Seth. I’m so tired.”
“It’s okay.”
“Don’t tell Josie what I had to do,” she begged. “I’ll tell her when I know she won’t blame herself in some way.”
“That’s fair. Right now, we only need to know you’re alright. I didn’t want to think about never seeing you again.”
Seth heard Josie coming down the corridor. Ralla composed herself before Josie pushed back the door.
“Nick needs my help at the shop. The register’s playing up and he’s going out of his mind. Will you guys be okay?”
“Sure,” Seth said.
“I’ll get some stuff on the way home. I know you’re not in any mood to celebrate, Ralla, but did you want anything in particular? Something you missed?”
“No, I’m fine. I have everything I need here.”
“I’ll call if we’re stuck there any later than six.”
“Sure you don’t need me to mess around with the register?” Seth offered.
“Only if I can’t. You can talk me through it if need be.”
Seth waited until Josie was out of the house. Ralla wanted to hang out with him and hear about everything that had happened while she was away.
“Nothing special. School was the same. You weren’t gone as long as we thought, so you should be able to catch up, but you’ll have heaps of homework. Maybe now they know you were reported missing, they’ll cut you more slack.”
“I don’t mind. They can give me all the homework they want. I need something to do. Josie said I didn’t have to back to school right away. Even if Rebecca’s there, and people stare at me, I know it won’t be as bad. I think I missed it while I was away.”
“Was it really that bad where you were?”
She didn’t find this as funny as he hoped. “Bad enough.”
“I’m sorry. That was stupid of me.”
“You didn’t mean it like that. I know you. Jeslan asked me questions but didn’t understand a word I said, and this had nothing to do with language. He had as much compassion for me as Calder did.”
“Was he the one who wanted you there?”
“He learned of what I did to Calder, so he was curious about me. He concocted the plan to rid me of my powers. Then he deceived me. The treatments I went under were designed to assimilate my body to his world. I was immobilised each night by these straps that were weakening my reflexes.” Her next words were much softer. “He wanted to weaken me to the point I’d have no power or will to leave.”
“What?” Seth’s dread over how she might be treated in the Other hadn’t extended to consider she’d be subjected to that kind of abuse.
“He thought he could deceive me, just like Calder did. He was more transparent than air itself.”
Anger hadn’t gripped Seth like this for so long, he’d forgotten how much it hurt. No matter who Ralla was to him, knowing she’d suffered something this disgusting and heinous brought his blood to a boil. If whoever had done this was there, he’d have planted his fist in their face, repeatedly.
“I should have been there with you,” Seth said, curbing his rage to keep from upsetting her. “Any one of us could’ve kept this monster from you.”
“You couldn’t have stopped him, Seth.”
“I would’ve tried.”
“I had to get back here. I let them all trick me. I should’ve been smarter.”
“You’re not going to start blaming yourself for any of this,” Seth said. “I won’t hear it.”
“I did what I had to do to escape. I don’t want to be ashamed of it.” 
The butterfly was resting on his desk, Ralla’s eyes sparkling again with tears as she stared at it. Seth knew to wait for her to speak. Patience was so vital and she wouldn’t be considerate to herself where this was concerned. Blame would be placed on herself when the real culprits were the ones who deserved it.
“Jeslan nearly caught me before I made it to the boundary,” Ralla said. “I hope Papalia’s alright.”
“She’d be in as much pain as any of us if you hadn’t survived. Whatever she did to help you, you know she wanted to with all her heart.”
“You’re the only one who knows what to say to make me feel better.”
Seth knew he’d fail at this and she’d still forgive him. Finding the right words would sometimes be impossible. Right now, he wasn’t sure what else to say.
“I wanted to show you Indulae. Jeslan was able to raise it so high I could see over the mountains, to where the old boundary was. I was enchanted by it, but not being able to share it with you made it less wonderful. If Jeslan had been kind, and the people there hadn’t been so cold, I might have been able to convince them to let you all stay.”
“You know I couldn’t, Ralla.”
“But there was a way. There was a man who’d lived there after he’d accidentally found his way into the Other. According to Papalia, he hadn’t had anyone to worry about here and him going missing didn’t mean anything. The council of Indulae accepted him and he managed to adapt, so much so he fell in love with the woman who was responsible for my treatment. She’d wanted to study me as he’d let her study him. But he soon grew old and died. Everyone in Otharine can live far longer than we can. Jeslan wouldn’t have been able to keep me alive forever, so I needed this woman to fake my death and help Kel and I escape the city.”
“Calder hated us. Wouldn’t he have hated that man as well?”
“The man inspired him to follow his own plans. He’s part of the reason Calder did what he did — to prove it was possible for us to assimilate. Now I’m regretting meeting the people there and talking about the Concrete. Cold and aloof as they are, they’re uncorrupted by the same structures that encourage greed here. I spoke to a man about the concept of money, something they’d never even considered. Now I’m worried I’ve encouraged him to find a way to implement this in Otharine. Everything needed an explanation; I grew so tired of describing things for Jeslan to understand. Then he took what he knew of the things I love and he made me a garden, complete with the sound of birds. He even promised to give me all of Indulae. My refusal to be won over by this led to his rejection, yet he was still determined to keep me. He would’ve have handed over the whole city to me. I’ve never wanted anything less.”
Seth’s assumption Ralla had wanted to belong in the Other now shamed him. Calder had offered her powers. This sick Jeslan had manipulated her with as much cunning and callousness. And she still hadn’t agreed to any of it.
“I’m sorry I accused you of wanting to be there,” Seth said remorsefully. “Anyone would’ve been lured into staying based on those promises.”
“But it would have been at the expense of my imprisonment,” Ralla argued in return. “Jeslan would have wanted more from me than I was willing to give. He lied. His coercions were too sinister for me to accept him. Not everyone there is as evil as he is. Kel was kind to me, and others I met admired me for destroying Calder. In the end, I was just a fascination to them; a novelty. They didn’t love me. I have love here, in the Concrete. And I never want to leave again. I’d rather travel to some other country than return to Otharine.”
“You can do whatever you want here, Ralla. I won’t get in the way of you travelling anywhere else.”
“Would you come with me?” she asked.
Josie’s assertion she’d travel any distance to find Ralla made sense. Leaving town to explore another country wasn’t high on Seth’s list of goals, it was just something he could do one day if he wanted to. Meanwhile, Ralla had been kept from it out of greed and suspicion. She might’ve come into the Concrete to find it disappointing, but she wasn’t put off by going further than she’d already been. Going with her would be a real adventure, something they could share and experience on entirely equal terms. The unknown seemed more inviting than it had only a year ago. So, it didn’t take much for him to agree.
“Definitely,” he replied.




Chapter 8

Josie had fantasised too many times of finding Ralla as a baby and cuddling her close. She’d dreaded discovering her daughter had been placed with another family, made to believe another woman was her mother. Too many nights she’d dreamt of Ralla shunning her altogether and denying Josie’s claims they were even related. The possible arduous disputes over who Ralla belonged to had never deterred Josie from going after her. Just as she’d have fought Seth’s birth mother for the right to keep him, she’d have gone to her grave to prove Ralla was her baby girl.
But she’d not expected to ever walk into a police station to find Ralla, weary and withered from yet another ordeal. Her coming back with Seth to Nick’s old house had been surreal and confounding. Ralla was dishevelled and barefoot then, as she was now, baggy clothes covering her slender frame. 
This could never happen again. Josie would have forgiven Ralla at that moment for refusing to go into her arms.
As she was identifying Ralla to the police and signing for confirmation the search was officially over, Josie had nearly lost her temper with their questions. Ralla had already given them the reasons for her going missing, her lie about running out of money at a bus station turning into an apology for causing alarm.
The five-hour drive to reach Ralla was absolutely nothing to Josie. She’d kept her foot from getting too leaden and taken Nick up on his offer to drive, the one stop they made for fuel lasting too long for her.
Nick’s suggestion they drive back to Upton in the morning was a welcome one. Sleeping in motels had always proved impossible for Josie before this night. She had waited to see Ralla had drifted off before she shut her eyes and gave in to her exhaustion. Waking up to see this hadn’t been a dream, she’d happily taken a shower in the grimy motel bathroom, nothing of this or the greasy cafe where they had breakfast damaging her elation.
Josie’s cup of coffee went from tolerable to disgusting from the bitterness rising in her throat. Ralla struggled to eat, hesitant to admit she’d not been fed while she was gone. They’d been sitting together on one side of the booth, Ralla by the window, too engrossed with the empty freeway to offer any engagement. Nick and Seth both heard the reason for Ralla’s diminished appetite, Nick showing Josie a slight grimace. Seth had tapped his fork on his plate briefly, keeping his scowl from Ralla’s sight. Their animosity over her disposition would do nothing to heal her. 
Josie’s fortitude, once so often absent and hard to maintain, was now in abundance. She let Ralla lie in the back to give her some time to rest, the motion of Josie’s fingertips over Ralla’s hair a comfort to both of them. Her child was granting permission for Josie to be a mother at last, delicate as this trust was.
Ralla’s reticence made sense. She was smiling while talking to Seth, his uncanny ability to cheer her up invaluable to Josie. He’d bought Ralla’s favourite chocolate bar and they were sharing it, Josie sitting in the front seat with Nick driving them home. They hadn’t taken a family trip anywhere as yet. She hated camping, while Nick wasn’t fond of being on the road for long stretches.
With Ralla home at last, they didn’t return to any kind of normalcy. Ralla needed to regain her routine and sort through her troubles without Josie hovering over her. Josie still took no offence to Seth’s admission Ralla had felt smothered by her. But Ralla was now reliving the trauma sustained from their first escape from the Other. Josie still wanted to comfort her daughter, fighting the urge to hold her. Seth’s advice to give Ralla some time was sensible but hard to accept.
Josie had neglected the housework. There was laundry piling up from her laziness. The rubbish hadn’t been taken out, and she’d not bothered to do much grocery shopping. The phone bill needed paying; she had to change the sheets on the beds. These tasks became welcome ones. Her vigour was there despite the many weeks of exhaustion her perpetual anxiety had caused her. Nick would surely need a break; making him admit this would be as tricky as getting Ralla to speak.
Ralla came in as Josie was vacuuming the living room. She shut off the vacuum, hating to shout over the noise as much as Ralla would resent raising her voice.
“Can I do anything to help?” she asked pensively.
“Only if you want to. Did you get enough sleep last night?”
Ralla nodded, averting her eyes, an indication her nightmares were bothering her again. Josie suggested Ralla dust some surfaces, the two of them not speaking as they tidied up the room. They’d spent so many days in their old house cleaning to pass the time while Ralla couldn’t leave and risk being found by Calder.
“Seth told me a lot of people at school were asking about me while I was gone,” Ralla finally mentioned.
“Everyone was. Even Lacey.” 
Josie had sent Lacey a message Ralla was home safe.  Lacey replying she wouldn’t pry into the particulars as long as Ralla was alright. That was a harder question to answer.
“I didn’t want so many people worrying about me. I never do.”
“They will whether you want them to or not, Ralla,” Josie said warmly. “I’ll always worry about you.”
“And I only made it worse by leaving. I’m sorry.”
Josie didn’t perceive this as an open door to ask Ralla what happened.
“I know you were doing what you thought was right. Seth and Nick do as well. We were all so sad while you were gone. But I had to believe you’d be coming back. Whatever happened, I’ll understand.”
“Maybe I should go back to school tomorrow. Staying home won’t make me feel better. I’m falling behind now.”
“Don’t worry about that,” Josie replied assuredly. “I’ve already spoken to them about you needing to catch up.”
“I didn’t know what to tell the police when I showed up there. The woman of the family who stopped to pick me up asked me what happened and why I was walking alone. I said I was lost. I wasn’t even sure I was anywhere close to home when I crossed the boundary. Papalia couldn’t tell me where I would wind up.”
“She told Seth this. It’s why I tried to make sure the bulletin wasn’t posted locally. When I made the call, I had to tell a few lies as well, and you know I didn’t care. I had to get you home. So if you needed to do the same to come back to me, I don’t want you to feel bad.”
Ralla said nothing and went back to tidying, Josie leaving her to it but succinctly aware Ralla had to do much more than tell a couple of white lies.
Even with the house nice and tidy, and everything in its right place, Josie was inordinately agitated. She was sitting up in bed with her laptop, failing to distract herself with news stories or emails. Giving attention to the world in her younger days was impossible with her own personal dramas. Her ideals and wants lost power over her when she was too depressed. She’d taken action to support causes one month then been too insular to bother the next. Brent’s inherent selfishness proved he had no desire to extend his wealth to a charity regardless of any benefits this may have had to him. Now Josie had enough money, she donated what she could to the shelters and organisations who helped women needing the same assistance she’d refused herself. 
Nick got into bed, shattered but still awake enough to ask what was wrong.
“Ralla’s too scared to tell me what happened. She’s gone through something far worse than what happened with Calder. I know she’s so ashamed but she won’t say why.”
“I’ve noticed that too. She tells me she’s alright when I ask; she’s more cagey than ever. I want her to trust me. I don’t think there’s anything I can say to that won’t make her clam up.”
“She wants to go back to school and I don’t want to stop her. I just don’t know if she’s ready. I have to trust her now. I don’t want everything falling apart between us.”
“They won’t,” Nick replied, the sigh he made not suggesting he was growing impatient with Josie’s fretting. “Treading carefully is all we can do until she feels safe enough to talk. I think she’s said something to Seth. She feels safe confiding in him, still he won’t betray her trust and tell me what she’s said. I can’t ask him to do that.”
“Neither can I. Breaking that bond between them would be so much worse than Ralla and I never becoming closer. And he’s been so relieved to have her back. I hope if they’re ever separated, again it won’t be over some rift between them.”
“I can see them being close for a long time,” Nick said. “I sometimes wonder if Ralla wants to get married and have kids, or go out on her own. I don’t blame her for being confused over what she should do now. I didn’t have any direction at her age.”
“Not many kids I knew did, either. She’s worried I won’t let her stay here after school, I already told her I’m not kicking her and Seth out after they graduate.”
“You just don’t want an empty nest,” he joked with a slight smile. “You won’t know what to do with yourself when they’re not around.”
“I didn’t know what to do before that. Or even before I met you. I hated thinking about the future, I was just going from week to week trying to get by with what little I had. Now I have the means to stop worrying about that stuff, I still can’t think of what to do.”
“I like having you around at work,” Nick said sweetly. “I wasn’t keeping you to boss around. Though Kyle mentioned he’s appreciated you being there. You’re better with customers, plus you have a knack with that blasted register.”
“Seth taught me how to kick it into submission,” Josie smirked. “You know he’s better with that stuff than I am.”
“Even still, I think we could run the place until we’re too old to keep going. Then I can sell the shop and we can retire. Unless all of that sounds boring to you.”
“Not in the least,” she replied, her smile bigger than his.
She’d always thought it too indulgent to sit around imagining her future. She figured she would find herself alone, without kids or even a husband. She’d have gone from one meaningless job to another until she dropped, since she’d never have saved enough to live off. Nick hadn’t had to help her find a home in Huntsville, or offer to let her live with him when she was pregnant with Ralla. For all her deceptions, Josie hadn’t imagined he’d stick around as long as he had. Early on, she’d watched out for signs he was getting bored with her company or was sick of her moods, which were inexplicable to him after Seth arrived. She’d apologised for snapping or accusing him of fussing, every instance met with such heady patience she’d needed to hide how teary it made her.
“I know he was burying himself in anything to keep him occupied, but Seth didn’t seem too thrilled with working with you,” Josie said after a spell of silence.
“I should hope he wasn’t,” Nick smiled. “He has better job prospects than I do. Everyone will probably be driving electric cars by the time he’s as old as us.”
“As long as he’s happy, whatever he does. You know it doesn’t matter to me.”
“You’re more worried Ralla won’t be happy. She’s still going to make decisions that could be bad for her. She’s so much wiser than a girl her age needs to be. She’s too wary now to take anything at face value.”
“She can’t go around never trusting anyone again, Nick. She won’t take any risks or opportunities if she doesn’t get past this.”
“You don’t know that. And she won’t if you don’t let her go eventually. Ralla needs your patience right now. She’s not going to write you off. Seth trusts you at last — it’s been no end of relief for me to see you both genuinely get along. I can’t say where Ralla will go, or Seth for that matter. I know they’ll come back.”
Josie found herself more in love with Nick for hearing this, though her attention hadn’t been too sharp due to another question she had on her mind.
“Will you marry me?” she asked.
His split-second frown amused her. She didn’t care if he said no.
“You’re being serious, I take it?” he replied.
“Very. I’m not expecting you to be.”
He chuckled at this. “Least I can afford to buy you a ring now.”
Josie reached across and kissed him, saying with far too much adoration, “It doesn’t matter.”

Ralla could see her quietness around Josie was upsetting her. She had so much to protect her mother from. Seth told her withholding the details of her time in Indulae would hurt Josie more. She could handle any of Ralla’s troubles. Though it still felt so wrong to speak about it. Ralla knew Josie wouldn’t shun or scold her for anything. Any disappointment or disgust Josie might show was the biggest deterrent. In her quest for honesty, Ralla had come up against more than lies. Jeslan’s betrayal was as egregious as his lack of empathy or remorse. Those she’d believed could not be trusted turned out to be her allies. She’d spoken freely with Papalia about many things she couldn’t say to Josie. 
Being utterly alone in any world induced the most fear within Ralla. Asking for friends in the Concrete might have been difficult. Wanting the dignitaries and townspeople of Indulae to love her would have brought greater consequences. Her position of ruler might have encouraged dissent from those who hadn’t trusted or known her. Jonathan hadn’t tried to dominate them or appoint himself a leader, like so many men before him had done in the Concrete. She envied this stranger for finding his place in the one world she couldn’t be a part of. 
Rejection might have been her ultimate fate, Ralla shrinking into maudlin silences as she contemplated this outcome with painful apprehension. Seth wanting to travel with her hadn’t completely abolished this. Still, it gave her so much comfort to hear it.
All the same, Josie was respectful of this distance Ralla was creating. She was more patient and understanding now she knew Ralla better.
Ralla’s return to school resulted in some strange reactions from people. Rebecca approached her tentatively, without the taunting grin.
“Hey, Ralla.”
“Hello.”
“How are you?”
“Alright.”
“We were all super worried about you,” Rebecca said with uncharacteristic earnestness. “I’m glad you’re okay.”
“Thanks.”
“Did you want to hang out sometime? Maybe go see a movie or something?”
“We’ll see,” Ralla replied, adding a quick smile and finding she had no stomach for cruelty.
Seth noticed this exchange from across the way and walked up to her, Lily close behind him.
“What did she say to you?” he asked.
“She just asked if I was alright. She said people were worried about me.”
“We were,” Lily said. “Once we knew you were actually missing. Rebecca probably felt bad, which is a new thing for her.”
Ralla knew about Lily’s glimpse of the Other when Papalia had visited to bring Seth the message. Ralla would’ve been happy to tell Lily anything she’d wanted to know, only Lily hadn’t liked hearing about having her memory stolen. Rebecca suffering the same spell gave Ralla a good reason not to hate her. This was the last thing she wanted to feel.
She still apologised to Lily anyway. “You wouldn’t have been meddled with if I’d not been around.”
“Don’t even,” Lily told her kindly. “I wish you were able to forget now I know what really happened.”
“I have a lot worse things to forget about.”
Thoughts of Jeslan had to be pressed down for Ralla to appear alright. She assumed Josie hadn’t noticed. They were alone in the house a few weeks later, Ralla gladly helping Josie with some chores to keep herself busy.
“You’ve been home a lot,” Josie mentioned. “You didn’t want to go hang out with Lily or anything?”
“Haven’t felt like it. And I’ve had too much homework.”
“I figured you had to keep your mind occupied. As long as you’re okay.”
Ralla sounded like she’d hiccupped — she’d really let out a sob. She put her hand under her nose and tried to stifle her next cry. Josie didn’t speak at first, cuddling Ralla rather than force her to explain her tears.
“Go ahead and cry, little one. I’m here.”
 When Ralla wasn’t crying, she was telling Josie everything that had happened to her in Indulae. When she wasn’t speaking, Josie was holding her quietly on the couch, stroking her hair. When Ralla ran out of words, they sat in silence.
“I still feel so terrible this happened,” Ralla said at last. “You don’t do these things to the people you love. And I love you.”
Ralla saw Josie’s eyes now filled with tears, her smile growing in contrast. “I love you, too. You haven’t hurt me with this, I promise. You were the one being wrongfully punished, not me.”
Nick walking in didn’t shift Josie from her place. He asked what was wrong and Josie explained, Ralla too drained to say anything just yet.
“It all caught up with her at once. I used to do the same thing when I was her age. Bottled it all up until it couldn’t go anywhere but out.”
Ralla understood she couldn’t keep living like this, stockpiling her woes and resentments until she exploded. She’d made a habit of it as Josie had with her drinking and secretiveness, embedding it and giving it too much power over her soul. Changing her ways now would be a massive undertaking that required more time than she wanted to contemplate.
She managed to ask, “Can I have some water?”
Nick gladly went to get some. His small offerings were what Josie loved about him; she’d told Ralla this when she’d talked about falling for him. Ralla loved him because he’d stayed after all the awful things she’d brought into his home. He gave Ralla a smile as he handed her the glass.
“Can I do anything else?” he asked her.
“I’m fine.”
“Seth’ll be home soon,” Josie said. “Did you want to help me with dinner, Ralla?”
“I think I’ll stay here a bit.”
Josie kissed her hair, giving Nick a peck on the cheek on her way to the kitchen.
“We’ve been here most of the afternoon,” Ralla said ruefully. “I had more to say than I thought.”
“If you have more still, we’re here for you.” Nick took Josie’s spot and lightly touched Ralla’s back. “I don’t always know the right thing to say, so I can just shut up and listen if it’s all you need.”
“I had to tell her some horrible things. It would’ve been hard for her to hear. Can you make sure she’s okay?”
“Only if you tell me you’re okay.”
“I will be.”
She hadn’t let Nick close like this often; she hadn’t needed it much. He was the father Calder would never be, and what Brent refused to be. In another timeline, Ralla and Nick would have been perfect strangers, and she didn’t like that at all. She let him go and watched him offer Josie his concern, seeing Josie crying and trying not to react the same.
Ralla dashed to her room and shut the door, clambering onto her bed so she could curl into a ball and wait for her chest to stop hurting. She nearly let the gentle knock on her door go unanswered. She knew it was Seth; she had to let him in.
“I told her everything,” Ralla whispered. “Now she’s crying because of me.”
“Not anymore. I just talked to her. She said it hurt to hear it, but she needed to. So don’t feel bad. Now she knows, she can help.”
“She tried not to cry when I told her how I nearly drowned. She did her best to be strong.”
“You’re going to have to get used to this, Ralla — hurting people with the truth. It was hurting you to hide it.”
“I want to try and forget as much as I can,” Ralla said. “I’m trying to get past this. Some days it’s harder.”
“I know what you mean. I still have moments I get so angry about all the stuff we went through; all the stuff I can’t change. It’s pointless, but it’ll happen. You kinda have to let them pass you by and remember it’s over.”
“Seth, I don’t want you to be sad anymore.”
“I’m not. That’s just how it is. Everything can be fine and you’ll still get bummed out or frustrated, you’ll still get upset. There’s no bad about it. You’re only human.”
Ralla dried her eyes with her sleeve. “I should try to be happy more, though. Otherwise, Papalia’s act will have meant nothing.”
“You can only try.”
Ralla went to Josie to see her blotchy face and weary eyes. Her smile was still big and warm; she wasn’t sad now.
“You okay?” Josie asked.
“I am. Are you?”
“Perfect, now I have my little girl back. You didn’t do a thing to hurt me, it’s not you that was making me cry. Please don’t think that. I knew something terrible had happened, that you’d been through too much again. And I almost lost you. Again.”
“But I’m back now. I don’t want anyone to be upset anymore.”
Josie kissed Ralla’s brow and whispered, “You have such a beautiful heart.”
Seth and Nick were talking behind Ralla, Josie catching the tail of the conversation and asking them if there was anything she could do. Ralla didn’t need to know what it was about. She was too distracted by a flickering outside the kitchen window.
A bright purple butterfly rested on a small branch of the large bush under the window. It beat its wings a few times as Ralla watched in perfect stillness. When it vanished in a puff of smoke, her mouth twitched into a smile.


Also available online

Into the Other
Faced with imprisonment for murder, a young woman named Josie encounters a strange and malignant man known as Calder, who offers her a way out at a high price: She must give him her firstborn baby. A twist of fate has Josie believing she has bested Calder at last, however he refuses to let her have her way when he returns to present her with a newer, more harrowing choice.

Terra Discordia
A strange country, broken into three kingdoms, lies trapped in a conflict that is long-lived and due to come to a head. Queen Xelle of the Heartlands is about to die, leaving her young and naive daughter, Lelette, to take the throne. Now a pawn in this deadly game of conquest, Lelette must rise above the chaos to become Queen of the Heartlands.

Violet
Sacrificed to dark spirits known as the Enorahts and transformed into an eternal being of brilliant white light, a young peasant girl named Violet is cursed to search the world as a kelesnae until she finds the one who will help her regain her human form. Four hundred years pass before she finds Nate, a sullen boy who unwittingly becomes the key to Violet's rebirth.


Live to Tell
Writer Stephen Brooks is approached by Jacinta Collins, who asks him to write a damning tell-all about her father’s involvement with a secret cult. Eventually agreeing, he finds himself under fire from the Brotherhood of Karden, led by Renata Williams, who has gone to great lengths to conceal her crimes. Stephen now must decide if writing another best seller is worth his family’s life. 

Progeny
Scarlet Keller, a woman with an unusual past, employs fertility specialist Dominic Stanton to exact a plan for retribution on humanity: to bring about the rise of her now forgotten species. Meanwhile, her abandoned daughter Rose must find a way to stop her mother and save her new love, Sam, from becoming a victim in Scarlet's twisted scheme. 

Floodgate
Ebony is an unusual girl with a unique ability that isolates her from everyone, including her adoptive parents. Her caseworker, Patrick, comes to learn she's able to encourage a malevolent drive within her victims to want to kill themselves. Patrick winds up helping Ebony uncover her real family's dark history, in turn putting his marriage, and Ebony's life, at risk.

Even Angels Scream
Orphaned and left to roam the world alone, Alora meets many people on her journey, some adoring, others appalled by the sight of her. But a man from one persistent dream remains suspicious Alora is something greater than human; something more dangerous and worthy of his ire, and he won’t let the matter rest without bringing her harm.
Anthology: Stories of Love, Loss and Lunacy
CHIPS: Three individuals become involved in one doctor's mission to control humanity with a computer chip. 

ELYSIAN: Josh meets a girl with an unusual means of creating her art.

BETWEEN HERE & NOWHERE: Stuck in a small country town with next to no choices, Quinn and Kat dream of a better life for themselves. 

TIME: A patient named Jeffrey meets Carolyn and ignores his recovery to try and help her.

