Reality of Shadow


By
Geltab


SMASHWORDS EDITION


* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY:
Geltab on Smashwords
Reality of Shadow
Copyright © 2011 by Geltab


All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

Reality of Shadow

There are moments in a lifetime that are completely unexpected. Certain events that are impossible to prepare for no matter how imaginative you are or what stories you were raised on as a child. My life took one such turn after one of these special moments, though it’s hard to say whether the turn was in my favor or not as I’m still in a battle for my life, all because of one small instant in time, one “accidental” discovery. Either way I know the truth of my existence now which is more than many can say I would wager. This discovery was one I could never have dreamed of much less imagined and it remains to be seen if I would have asked for this knowledge given the choice. Not only are there single moments in time capable of changing your entire life, but there are certain objects possessing that same power. What is a normal life though? Perspective defines your individual reality.
I thought I was a normal work a day guy until that moment of discovery. I guess I still am just in a different way, like I said I was in a certain place at a certain time. Whether I was lucky or not in finding this object only time will tell if it chooses to reveal its mysteries to me, I’m still working on it. My story may seem strange and fantastical from the outside but living it through your own eyes makes it one that is impossible to deny. I don’t live on what you would call earth anymore, not even the same universe. All I know for sure is this object I found thrust me into the middle of my truth, that and the object is a living spell, whatever that means. Forget my past, forget my old name, this is now my life and my only story that matters.
I used to like to take walks in the afternoon in a park that was nearby my home. Call me old fashioned or lame but it relaxed me the way no TV or video game ever could. It was a wooded expanse with various trails and offshoots, open fields for soccer games, just your regular all American park. On one of my walks as I was coming up a small hill and around a bend about twenty yards from the edge of the woodline I tripped over a tree root. Not the first time, though I am proud to say it was the first time I had ever fallen completely and fall I did, usually I was pretty good at catching myself. If I hadn’t caught myself this time with my hands I would have been flat on my face. I rolled onto my right side and did what any normal person would do, started cussing loudly and telling that old tree root off terribly while holding the left wrist which seemed to take more of the fall than the right. While laying there still in midswear I saw a small metallic glimmer on the ground not even three feet away. I rolled over brushing the area clear of leaves to reveal a half moon shape sticking out of the ground, the rest was still buried. It looked like half of a soda can sticking out of the ground. Being the good citizen I am I wanted to remove the litter so I dragged myself to my feet swearing the whole time as I was brushing my shirt off. 
“Well, no major injuries maybe a slight sprained wrist. Overall I’d call it a lucky fall.” I said to myself walking over to remove that damned soda can. It was going in the trash after that fall if it was the last thing I did. 
When I reached out to touch it four metallic looking limbs shot out of its side wrapping around my left wrist and forearm digging into the flesh. I screamed no one seemed to hear or care “Probably some stoned kids in the woods” they would say, I thought as I struggled alone with this thing. Even before I had time to bring my right hand over to try removing this thing it vanished under the skin of my arm disappearing completely. When it first latched on there was a horrible pain but I didn’t feel that when it disappeared into my arm instead I only felt the mental anguish anyone would. I fell down staring at my arm in horror making all sorts of chirps and stammers but no words. Then I began to feel a soft pulse move through my arm and throughout my entire body, in fact my entire being would be a better descriptor. There was a soft wind within my mind and I felt for some reason like I needed to stand up and turn around, so I did this thing. Upon turning I was on the beach facing the ocean, the waves lapping one after another in that rhythmic pattern that might as well be the breathing of the world. They say things change, I couldn’t believe it for once they were right! The sand was between my toes, the seagulls were calling to one another, probably about the bum down below with no bread to give. The ocean mist was spraying my face; I knew this was no dream. 
“What the shit?” Were my first very eloquent words, “What happened to the park, where the hell am I?”
A voice answered from the ocean which I suddenly realized was within my mind, there was no visible presence just a voice. 
“I am Zahir and I have brought you to this ocean from your memories.”
“Yes I remember this is the Atlantic Ocean, I’m in Ocean City Maryland. I used to come here with my family as a child” I said to the voice. “But how is this possible? Why are you doing this to me? Was that you attacking my in the park?” I rambled off my series of questions unable to stop myself, I was as curious as anyone would be in this situation. I was also sure this Zahir whatever it was had done something to me because I was unafraid. I felt a slight feeling of amusement come from whatever this voice Zahir was and then it spoke again,
“One question at a time,” and a rainbow appeared before me arcing over the ocean deepening the orange and red colored ribbons of the setting sun.
“Yes I was in the park; no I was not attacking you. I was finding you…again.”
I stood silent, looking at the rainbow overlapping the setting sun then spoke, “Please continue.”
“As I said, I am Zahir created for your service.”
“Created for my service? What does that mean? What exactly are you?” I asked Zahir.
Zahir took a moment as it seemed to be thinking of a proper response and then the voice spoke again,
“After further probing of your mind of these past two hundred earth years I believe humans would best understand me if labeled a living spell. That is to say a spell that is alive.”
“Say what? A living spell, you mean like magic?”
“You could call me that.”
“And what is it that you do as a spell Zahir?”
“Serve and protect you of course.”
“Why me?”
“You created me and once again you found me.”
Huh, couldn’t argue with that logic so I just kept the conversation moving forward.
“Where are we truthfully?”
“Turn around,” Zahir said I had nothing better to do so I did. 
The ocean was gone and I was now in the middle of what appeared to be an absolutely ancient deciduous forest. I could see off to my right in the distance a snow capped mountain Range where the trees gradually turned to smaller and smaller pines eventually turning to brush as the elevation rose. 
“I am in New Pillar,” I said out loud not knowing why or what it meant. Then the voice of Zahir spoke to me again, this time only in my mind. 
“Yes, your home of New Pillar and the forest of Maffdu.”
“I loved this place,” I said again breathing deeply the fresh forest air. I didn’t know why but again I felt I had spent decades maybe even centuries in this forest in times past. I still didn’t fully understand Zahir’s function in all of this so I asked again.
“What is it you will do for me again Zahir?”
“My power is based on the strength of your mind and relation to magical singularities but my basic functions no matter what reality we currently reside in will be too warn you of any danger I sense or even just malice towards you, be it magical or physical. I will form into various constructs of your mind and manifest physically should you need it at the time as I said it is based on different factors most importantly the strength of your mind but yours always was the strongest mind among all the others everyone knew that. That is all you need to know for now, I believe you have more important questions.”
“Yes I do, to what end have you attached yourself invisibly to my arm? Couldn’t you just use spells or something?”
“Why don’t you just start walking towards the foot of that mountain range over there so we can get to your home the keep of the universes Dainor?” 
I stopped in my tracks hearing that name, that’s my real name… Dainor! I started walking again asking Zahir,
“Will I know how to find what you say is my home?”
Zahir laughed, “It cannot be missed once you leave the forest of Maffdu, tell me you don’t see the blue marble spires of the keep of the universe when you have walked another mile or so north in your earth terms.”
“Speaking of that,” I said. “I seem to be handling all of this news very well for someone just ripped from their life and planet no less.”
I felt the voice smile, “But you’re not from that false planet or even that false universe Dainor, you’re a prince of New Pillar and the keep of the universes. You have been lost there on that false place for centuries; your family thinks you long dead, most of them anyway. To be honest since I’m incapable of lying to you anyway I’m not sure how after all this time you managed to will me to that shadow earth and be at the right place at the right time next to you. You always have amazed me with your mind Dainor.”
“Wait you’re saying I did all this, not you?”
Zahir chuckled again, “You’re a prince of the keep of the universes, Dainor third son of the house of Regoron. I’m simply a spell you created to keep you safe from surprises and protect you forever in all areas of magic but before you could finish reattaching and reactivating me during a simply tune up as they would say on that fake earth you and the rest of your family had to flee to separate and false realities to escape your mad brother Bartrum who attacked the keep and ruled New Pillar for twelve years, it was a bizarre and cruel time. When the true reality of New Pillar is under threat, ripples are sent to all corners of existence.” 
“Why are we here then, to be killed?”
“No, as I understand the situation within the keep and therefore New Pillar and the situation has changed as it often does. I suppose your subconscious magic self knew that and called me to you Dainor.”
“What happened to Bartrum?” I asked walking through the underbrush.
“Not sure the only thing I know for sure is Regoron your father is back on the throne and has been for what humans would call a century. Of course time flows differently here than those false realities you were in especially the farther you travel from New Pillar.”
“Why do I have to ask all this can’t you just download it into my memory or whatever so I remember everything?”
“Where’s the fun in that?” Zahir said and laughed, I didn’t. “No actually I cannot. As I said I am here for your protection, magically you didn’t give me the ability to restore your memory I don’t think you could have even if you wanted to, I will remain invisible here on your arm.”
“Anyway to get all my memories back and remember who this Dainor was or who I am is there anything I can do?” I asked hopefully as a branch smacked my face.
“Yes in the keep of the universes you must climb the tree of knowledge that sits in the middle of the keep and was planted by Regoron to begin time, once climbed completely and in the canopy your memory will be restored and you may will yourself anywhere from there.”
“And if I fall from this tree which I’m assuming is enormous?”
“You will die.”
“Oh gee thanks.”
“No risk, no reward.” Then Zahir snickered. “You’ve done it before Dainor and it should be done as soon as possible before your brothers and sisters find out you’ve returned with no memory. Memoryless as it were,” then Zahir laughed again.
“Did I give you that terrible sense of humor?”
“Why yes you did, I told you I was created by you.”
“Damn that’s too bad well at least I have your magic to help me fake through it until I can get my memory back.” I patted my wrist and there was a flicker of happiness.
“You’re going to need it too remember like I told you, you have been gone a very long time even for this immortal family of Regoron. I do not know what type of reception you will receive some have though you dead a long time and no doubt have their own designs on the throne. Having a long dead sibling return, much less a formidable one will not be to their liking,” Zahir said sheepishly.
“Well, they’ll just have to change their minds about that little fact Dainor is back baby!” I yelled walking through the forest.
“Could have done without you calling me baby,” Zahir snapped.
“Just do what you’re told,” I smiled.
I walked for another mile through areas of dense underbrush and other areas where the trees were so large and ancient not even sunlight could reach the ground. Finally, I came to the forest’s edge which broke into an open prairie for another two or three miles then reaching the foot of the mountain and more important for me the keep of the universes. I had no clue what I really knew or who I really was. Looking into the distance even at miles away the keep of the universes seemed as large as a mountain range in and of itself. There was a continuous line of blue spires starting at the foot of the mountain and increasing in height all the way to the summit where the huge keep straddled two mountains, more like filled in for a third. Each spire seemed to have its own built in guard tower but I could only see the lower ones from this distance. The keep of the universes looked as if some angry God had jammed it between two huge mountains. It didn’t sit atop the mountain it looked like there was once a continuous mountain range which then had a large section miles long removed and a building inserted as artificial filler making it continuous again, which is pretty much what happened I learned later. It was made of the most beautiful material it reminded me of the color of the Taj Mahal on earth only with more teal flecking. As I walked along this stretch of open grassland leading to the keep of the universes I noticed no trees grew at all in this field a stark difference than just a few yards behind. It was obvious that the area was kept completely open for battles to give an enemy nowhere to hide, that thought didn’t make me feel any safer. 
Suddenly Zahir pulsed on my arm feeling like a small electrical shock there was no need to speak I knew it was an advance warning but I was unarmed. 
“Um Zahir I know you’re telling me there’s danger around and even though I don’t see anything I thought I should remind you I am weaponless. Can you do anything about that?”
“Think sword,” Zahir’s voice said.
I did and from my left hand a blade began to grow as Zahir slithered around my arm forming part of itself into a sword perfectly balanced and fitted to my hand. 
“Now that’s a neat trick,” I said admiring the glowing sword I was now holding that had materialized out of nothing.
“Sheathe it for the moment,” Zahir whispered.
I looked down and there was a leather belt and scabbard hanging there that was not a minute ago, I sheathed the sword as Zahir had whispered for me to do. I walked for no longer than another thirty to forty yards in the direction of the keep before I was set upon. They came from under the ground, there were four of them and they were all in separate small hides in the earth which they were now emerging from to ambush me. They drew their swords; I only let my hand fall the hilt of my sword.
“Easy,” Zahir whispered as a new vision fell across my eyes.
I could see the four individuals before me on a magical plane, there were effects in my vision I didn’t recognize at the time. All of their fighting weaknesses were revealed to me like pinpointing vulnerable areas in martial arts. I could see how they would fall before the hand of Dainor, or something dramatic like that. The new vision was amazing.
“Wow, where were you when Bill Krofsky used to beat my ass in high school Zahir?” I said and I could feel Zahir smile.
The four assailants all wore the same ruddy mud brown clothing that looked unwashed. I was just outside of the forest of Maffdu, still a good two miles from the keep of the universes. Still I was surprised to find bandits roaming so close to the center of a powerful authority. Interesting maybe they find some good prey here rich nobles or something. The four of them did not strike me as soldiers but definitely bandits they were too unkempt and their clothes were filthy, torn and wrinkled.
“Halt in the name of the chosen ones stranger,” The bandit in front of the other three called out pointing his sword at my chest. He was tall and blue with scaly skin like a lizard and his eyes were red. Two others appeared with him that looked human and the fourth resembled a bird on two legs of some kind.
Zahir pulsed constantly on my wrist I was scared, the only times I had been in a fight were times I lost. I had never been in any life or death situation had I? While I was freaking out Zahir calmed me down with a whisper somehow. I felt a wave of confidence come over me and had a small remembrance of my life at the keep as Dainor. I withdrew my sword and faced them they all took a step backwards and seemed afraid of the sword they were now viewing with awe.
“My Lord Dainor it cannot be! I mean, it has been so long please forgive me sire we are here collecting taxes from poachers and foragers for the king.” The blue skinned one said kneeling he appeared to be their leader.
Zahir pulsed again to warn me “What’s wrong,” I asked in my mind? “They work for the king.”
“No they don’t,” Zahir answered. “And they only fear your magic and fighting prowess, not your title. They rob innocents out here on the fringe of the forest of Maffdu just on the outside of patrols they are a bane to your father. In fact their insurgency has begun to spread and undermine some aspects of trade. The blue skin one is their leader, he runs the entire insurgency. Bureb is his name.”
I sighed, suddenly happy to have Zahir this living spell invisibly attached or embedded to my arm. Zahir seemed to have a great deal of knowledge and ways of getting information even if my memory couldn’t be fully restored until I climbed this tree of knowledge. It was becoming clear I had put a lot of time and effort into making Zahir and I had to be pretty powerful at one time do have created such a thing. I was hoping my reputation would still be a feared one in the lands of New Pillar. I decided to try a bluff,
“Don’t lie to me Bureb you are talking to prince Dainor,” I said as confidently as I could.
Bureb turned and faced his three men, took a few steps turned to come back to me and spoke,
“Dainor’s been dead for centuries die imposter!” Bureb screamed as he lunged towards me blade first.
“Crap, some bluff” I thought to myself. Yet I had a feeling these type of scraps were a common occurrence in my life before I lost my memory and that I actually used to enjoy them.
Before I could think perhaps I wasn’t thinking. Anyway, Zahir pulled my left arm forward as I tossed the sword into my right hand. I could see everything Zahir was doing they could not. Like an invisible iron cord Zahir lengthened and wrapped itself around the one to the left of Bureb and the one behind him beginning to strangle them both. As they were both fighting for their lives against an invisible wire strangling them to death I reached out and stabbed Bureb right in the throat. He died looking me in the eyes with a surprised expression on his face, I still dream about him sometimes. The fourth which was one of the humans I could do nothing about as he charged me with his sword. I threw Bureb’s dying body in between me and the attacker as I rolled forward to avoid his blade. Still he managed to slice my arm with a deep gash I was now in a crouching position facing him. I had my sword in my hand as I had withdrawn it from Bureb’s throat during my semi successful escape attempt. Zahir was done strangling the other two to death and like a carpenter’s measuring tape came sliding invisible back into place on my arm. I stood and faced the remaining attacker pointing the tip of my sword to his chest I took two steps forward. He had his sword gripped with both hands facing me but there was a look of terror on his face and his hands were sweaty.
“Who sent you?” I asked or more appropriately Zahir asked through me.
The bastard just smiled and shook his head to indicate no.
“Watch this” Zahir whispered to me. “Tell him goodbye.”
“Goodbye?” I asked as the man had a confused look come over his face and he returned the phrase back to me “Goodbye” he said in a sort of sad voice. Then he stabbed himself in the neck killing him instantly on the spot he stood.
“Holy shit” I screamed out loud almost by instinct.
“No just some magic,” Zahir answered in characteristically dry humor.
“You can do that to anybody?” I asked him not wanting to be next.
“Like I told you the first time it depends on the strength of your mind so if you are stronger mentally than they are then yes pretty much anybody.”
“Interesting and do you think this was a random robbery attempt here? Wrong place, wrong time kind of thing?” I inquired of Zahir since I was nothing but a lost little lamb until I could get my memory back.
“For them yes quite wrong it appears they have been randomly attacking and robbing people for some years now. It was only a matter of time before they tried to rob or kill the wrong person.”
“Well without you I’d be dead. Thanks for the help.” I said rubbing my wrist.
“I’m here to protect you Dainor let’s keep moving, we need to put distance between us and the deceased. I might be wrong too with all the intrigue going on, in and around the keep of the universes and New Pillar in general there could be an assailant trying to prevent your return before it even begins. That is if anyone is cunning enough to know you’re back yet.”
“You were right let’s just keep moving I want to get my memory back and find out just what the hell is going on and who was imprisoning me on that shadow world for all those centuries. There I was thinking I was just another person, an average Joe as they call it there.”
“Bartrum was not your only devious sibling; I would not discount the possibility of one of them with their own designs on the throne.” Zahir stated matter of fact as if my siblings had been trying to kill me for years.
“Well that type of decision requires my memory the sooner I can get that done the better.”
Walking fast now through the bright green field Zahir was no longer sending frantic warning pulses up and down my arm “I don’t sense anything else” Zahir spoke. I want to clarify here that I will not choose a pronoun for Zahir I cannot classify it as a he or she, Zahir is a spell. The voice is neither masculine nor feminine it’s just there. I found it strange but also practical that there was no road leading to the keep of the universes the fields simply stopped at its massive front fate, the first wall.
 “I wonder how they get supplies in here” I thought.
“You know” Zahir answered me.
Closer now the looming keep and its various levels of blue spires and guard towers they grew larger with every step.
“What am I suppose to do just walk up to the gate and announce that I’m home?” I asked Zahir.
“Sounds like a plan to me your family will be able to tell if you are the real Dainor or another regardless of your memory being there or not.
“Hell I don’t even know if I’m Dainor all I know is I’m in some weird ass world being told what to do by a living soda can!” I said and then I had a thought that if I had been a great wizard or something before capable of creating something as complex as Zahir then surely I must have created dozens of other similar contraptions over the centuries. “Zahir, do you know of others like you? I mean did Dainor, did I spend much time inventing different machines and combining them with spells?”
“Absolutely I’m just one small piece of the wheel but I can only show you those things when you are back to yourself you told me so. “Until we are in a distant shadow” is what you said. Why do you think one or more of your siblings went through all that trouble to remove you by trapping you on that false earth and removing your memory for so long? They needed you out of the way you may not be the firstborn but you are by far the first feared and most favored still even after being gone all these years.”
I didn’t bother asking Zahir how it knew that information if it was indeed away on that shadow earth I was imprisoned on. I must have put some spell within its matrix to find me in emergencies and it just took two centuries, weird. The anxiety was building inside of me as I closed in on the first gate at the foot of the mountain where the keep of the universes loomed over me like the great monument to creation it is larger than any other artificially constructed building in existence enough to serve its other name, “The third mountain.” I was always awed by the sheer size and magnificence of it even without my memory it held that familiar feeling. Zahir was not sending any warnings and appeared to be feeling relaxed but alert almost a glad to be home feeling. I had a similar feeling though I knew the place would be filled with all sorts of betrayal and intrigue as it was before. Zahir was doing what it could with me but there was only so much that could be done until the tree of knowledge restored my memory or I fell and was killed in the attempt. 
We reached the first entranceway without further incident in the fields. It was a large archway of white marble speckled with that lovely blue stone indigenous to New Pillar. On either side there were two huge blue spires rising into the sky, serving as the first level of watchtowers. They were each large enough to contain a guardhouse storing men and supplies. There were two guards on duty one on each side of the huge stone archway they stood at attention as they noticed this stranger in me striding towards them.
“Sleep,” Zahir spoke in my mind as both guards collapsed simultaneously against the wall I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Open,” Zahir spoke next and the huge Iron Gate began to slowly open upward.
I crouched under it and broke into a fast jog as Zahir directed me to the proper courtyard containing the tree of knowledge I didn’t even know this until sometime later but Zahir had us partially cloaked to all vision. The place was massive and this wasn’t even the actual keep just the courtyards leading to the keep. Without Zahir I would have been lost forever. After what seemed a dizzying array of turns and chambers I ignored since I had but one goal on my mind and I would know all the nooks and crannies anyway if I achieved it. I arrived after one last sharp left turn into a courtyard that contained the largest tree I have ever seen it just sat there dominating the middle. The ancient redwoods on that shadow earth are gigantic and it would take around ten of the largest together to begin to understand the size of this one tree. Zahir pulsed wildly in its presence, not because of danger but of magical excitement it was pulsating everywhere. I could feel the life coming from the tree it felt sentient watching me as I was watching it. 
“Dainor!”  a voice from the opposite corner of the giant courtyard as I made my way to the base of the tree.
“Malcor your eldest brother” Zahir spoke silently to me.
“Malcor” I yelled back he seemed genuinely surprised I knew his name.
“Brother can it be? Where have you been?” He said and started across the rooms towards me Zahir seemed comfortable with his presence which reassured me I decided to be honest, as honest as needed anyway.
“Forgive my lack of tact Malcor but I have been trapped in a false reality with my memory erased. You know why I am here at the tree why are you here brother to stop me?”
“No I’ve been following you since Zahir put those two guards to sleep you thought walking through the front door would go unnoticed? My, my brother you have been gone long.”
“You don’t seem too surprised at my revelation of betrayal Malcor!” I said as we were now face to face.
“Why would I be? Knowing our family it might even have been dad if the timing was right but my money would be on Layne he’s had designs on the throne for awhile now and he knew you to be his biggest competition and threat.”
“Layne? Who’s that?” I asked ignorantly.
“Your younger brother, the fourth born. You really don’t have any memory? Climb the damned tree Dainor.” He said as he pointed up and folded his arms waiting.
So I began climbing, no reason to wait. I put both hands on the tree as Zahir formed my hands into climbing claws the boots I wore grew climbing spikes and I started upwards.
“These were a gift from Bliss” Zahir said.
“What? Who’s that?”
“Malcor’s invisible arm protections spell.”
“What?!”
“We’ll talk about it later.”
Each move made sparks that were released from my hands I felt the hair standing on end all over my body and electricity was coursing through me as I willed myself upwards. It felt as though I was carrying a sack of hundred pound weights while someone sat on my shoulders. I fought through it I willed my way onward. Before I knew it I was thirty yards up the tree coming to the first limbs. Memories!
New Pillar! The keep of the universes! When I reached those first limbs I remembered. The climbing suddenly became easier as I remembered the keep and my childhood there. The only true place that exists, from which all other realities flow outward…my dear New Pillar, my keep of the universes, how could I ever forget you? I never will again I swear it! Layne if it were truly him who took my memory before he would soon meet the real Dainor again. I guess I never really forgot the keep inside of myself no matter how the centuries on that false earth affected me. The keep of the universes with its glittering blue spires and broad promenades, colors so bright and free they aren’t seen anywhere else. The flowers provide a continual fragrance that drifts through the sea air sweet like spring rain. I was more than halfway up the tree now and dripping with sweat. I didn’t look down and I didn’t pause knowing it was certain death to do so. I moved upwards through the pain and resistance until the downward currents subsided as I gripped down making my move pushing through them. Still more of my memories began to return, like raindrops collecting in a bucket. Memories of my life as a price of New Pillar, I took them without asking for they are my memories taken without asking some things I have done are merciless and cruel others were noble perhaps even selfless. Memories of playing with my siblings, running here and there, my father Regoron’s banners flying high around the keep in the breeze just as they are now. I redoubled my strength knowing I was a prince of New Pillar, continuing upwards and I remembered everything. I remembered all the days before my memory being wiped and being trapped in that false reality that shadow earth. I remembered other false and alternate realities many of which I loved to visit and some which were very special to me. Calling them false doesn’t seem to do them justice but in relation to New Pillar they are exactly that, an illusion. There was one place I remembered as second in importance to New Pillar and the keep to me perhaps I would visit there again someday. I kept moving it felt like I was being frozen and burned at once.
“One, two” I counted to myself blocking the pain and moving upwards with sparks flying everywhere now so bright I could barely see the tree I was clinging to and then with one gigantic push which felt like moving a brick wall I was at the top in the canopy and I was THE Dainor again! I thought one word.
“Father,” and instantly I was transferred from the canopy of the tree of knowledge to king Regoron’s throne room. I remembered who I was! My centuries traversing the forest of Maffdu, learning magic from my father and his wizards I even remembered creating my beloved Zahir.
“Good to have you back Dainor” Zahir spoke to my mind.
“Thank you for guiding me to the proper place” I said.
“It’s what you created me for.”
“True now we’re going to find out for sure who did this to me and how.”
“Yes we are just like times past.”
“Exactly like times past Zahir except this time if necessary I will take the throne though I don’t want to do that.”
Regoron seemed truly taken aback by my appearance.
“Father,” I said approaching him with my arms extended and smiling.
He was full gray with a close cropped beard. He wore black pants with a silver lining running along the seam at his side hung his sword “Vigil” as it was known. It possessed similar properties to Zahir, in fact that’s where I first got the idea to try and create my own and I was the first of the siblings to attempt it with Zahir. He wore a black shirt and silver vest, a necklace with his amulet of a soldier standing guard hanging from his neck. Immortal Regoron, is it you trying to kill me keeping me from the throne? Why do that to your third born son no if I were the eldest perhaps he would think I had designs on the throne. My feeling still lies with Layne as the culprit even with my full memory restored.
 Regoron was definitely not alone in his vast throne room, what ruler is? The others  in the room remained only on my peripheral vision as I embraced my father for the first time in two earth centuries. 
“Dainor,” he said grabbing my face with his hands. “I thought you had found a shadow kingdom of your own I never once thought you dead.”
He looked me over very carefully, 
“Your brothers and sisters will be glad to hear the news of your return.”
“Some perhaps” I answered him.
 He didn’t say anything as he threw his arm around me and we began walking. I could hear the background murmur building soon news of my return would be spread through all of New Pillar and beyond. Zahir spoke to me,
“Tact Dainor, Tact.”
Zahir was right this was sooner than I would have liked to let everyone know I had returned but now since it was too late it was full steam ahead as always. My father immediately left the throne room with me all of his guests were left standing there as we walked upstairs I was assuming towards the Grand Library. He always enjoyed giving his talks there.
“No one important back there in the throne room I hope” I said looking to him as I could still feel his gaze on me piercing and cold…literally cold. Regoron was far more than just our father. 
“No family, just a small meeting of house nobles complaining over some new border disputes, you know how it goes.” He answered smiling over at me at least he seemed happy to see me. 
“Heavy is the head father,” I answered.
“Indeed.”
We arrived on the third floor in front of the huge ornate oak double doors bearing the seal of the house of Regoron which was a soldier at attention just like his amulet. “Always prepared” the house saying was inscribed below the soldiers feet and above his head. I remembered tracing those lines with my fingers as a child. When he threw the doors open I was frozen by the library’s size and the sheer number of books, I always had that reaction when entering the Grand Library of Regoron and being whacked by that wonderful leather bound book smell. I was surprised Bartrum hadn’t burned the place down during his reign it seemed even in his madness he remained lucid regarding the knowledge and the magic contained within these books. What was even more intimidating was I knew my father Regoron had read each volume multiple times to the point of memorization. I spoke first I was always impatient I now remembered as one of my flaws.
“How could it happen father? Bartrum dethroned you and reigned over New Pillar from the keep of the universes the very place reality and matter intersect. How could he have done it?”
He smiled and began walking the aisle fingering his books. Then he stopped and suddenly turned putting both hands on my shoulders and looking at me misty eyed. This was strange if you knew anything of Regoron it was his legendary aloofness an ability to remain detached and calm no matter the situation a definite advantage to posses as a trait for a king or a commander as it were.
“Dainor, Dainor…it really is you. There have been imposters, three of them over the period you were gone. Your foolish brother Layne conspiring with shadows sending imposters thinking he could fool me with his magic? His arrogance always astounded me. Bartrum, you ask of poor, mad Bartrum. All of his life he only wanted more and more power, to collect more and more worthless toys. So I decided to let him have it all one day. How did you say it Dainor that saying from that false reality, heavy is the head that wears the crown. I needed a break.”
What could I say? I understood.
“That I understand father but you just handed over New Pillar to Bartrum what if something had gone wrong and you couldn’t unseat him?”
He laughed again harder this time,
“My you have been gone a long time Dainor, do you forget just how insane your brother was? No I didn’t hand the keep over to Bartrum I merely took a vacation letting him borrow the place. Besides, it’s good to shake things up now and then. Change is good for the citizenry; my rule is much too stable.” He said patting my shoulder with a twinkle in his eye.
“Devious” I whispered.
“Here’s another fake earth saying for you Dainor, you don’t know what you have until it’s gone. After dealing with Bartrum’s insanity the people were clamoring for me return so I did, after my vacation through various shadow realities.”
“Ingenious father but just saying you need a vacation would probably have been more practical.”
“Bah! You’re just like your mother was so analytical and no fun.” He responded waving me off as you do with a fly while continuing the search for another book.
“I climbed the tree of knowledge I have a sinking feeling Layne did do this to me removing my memory and imprisoning me on that false earth. Though I can’t blame him entirely I picked up quite a few skills there on that realm.”
Without my conscious knowledge Zahir had been speaking with my father’s sword Vigil gathering its own version of events.
“Zahir is doing well I see” my father said.
“Yes actually it was Zahir who found me on that shadow earth by what I now know to be no accident.”
Obviously my father could hear their conversation and discern it better than I could. It takes time to continue building those magic and specific discerning skills.
“Dainor there is more going on than Layne and his petty power plays” he spoke returning a book he was perusing. 
I kind of took offense to that only because I was one of those pawns removed from the board during that last power play. I can’t believe I let my guard down like that Regoron seemed to be reading my mind.
“It happens to the best of us Dainor don’t be so hard on yourself. Now you know better and are twice the wiser for it. Besides, what is a mere two hundred earth years to a prince of New Pillar?”
“Nothing I suppose” I replied.
“Exactly, now first let me remind you that climbing the tree of knowledge not only restored your memory but what Zahir does not know is it also increased your ability to work with magic and shifting realities. Time, space, reality, good, evil, matter, gravity, life, death, these are but abstract concepts to an heir of Regoron created to control lesser beings, we are free.”
Then he turned and began walking towards the opposite side of the grand library without telling me why. As I followed him I said,
“Say dad can’t we get some cheese and bread maybe some wine up here or something.”
Without stopping he snapped his fingers and the round wooden tables to my left were suddenly filled with all sorts of fruits, cheeses, breads and wines. I stopped following him and helped myself Regoron didn’t seem to mind, he found the book he was looking for and came back to the table where I stood helping myself. He poured himself a glass of wine then spoke,
“This is the book of succession; it contains the lineage of our house. This is why Layne did what he did to your memory. Layne is not firstborn but I knew from a child he would try to steal the throne as he is unbalanced and cruel. For Bartrum you know of his story and you are number three Dainor. Unfortunately Malcor my eldest has no interest in such things and hides from his duty. Your younger brothers and sisters are in various shadow realities learning their crafts at the moment. Besides you have always been the one to succeed me Dainor!”
“Let me guess you wrote my name in this book and Layne saw it there.”
“Exactly I didn’t write it but the mage who did thought his spells would encrypt it sufficiently. However Layne can be very clever sometimes he is my son after all.”
Now I was beginning to see why my return had old Regoron the cold blooded all misty eyed he wanted me to be the next king of New Pillar, warden of the keep of the universes and all that jazz while he goes off gallivanting through shadows again. I wasn’t sure I wanted that I was just coming back to myself it would take some time to become the prince I had been.
“Well I hope this won’t be for awhile father I’ve just regained my memory I still don’t feel quite whole.”
“This may be never Dainor but now you see what I mean when I say Layne is too unbalanced to ever be allowed the chance to rule, even as a game. I’m actually looking forward to seeing his face when I call you all together later announcing your return.”
Zahir pulsed slightly and I spoke I was getting better at interpreting the different moods of Zahir’s pulsing.
“Actually father I would prefer until I have my feet under me completely before revealing myself in person to all my siblings again.”
“Yes of course I understand Dainor. So many of your siblings are off running their own universes anyway I think it may be quite awhile before they can be gathered. I am so happy to see you my son, think on what I said.” Then he embraced me which was beyond rare and turned to leave speaking as he did so,
“I trust you remember the way to your quarters.”
My quarters, my God it had been so long since I had thought about that area of the keep in which I spent so many hours, so many years coming and going. Always plotting my next move, my next hold to conquer, I actually felt a little sorry for that Dainor. I stayed in the Grand Library for a few hours browsing the collection and nibbling on what Dad had conjured up onto the tables. I thought I would like a cup of coffee as well and it appeared in my hand just as I willed it. Zahir seemed pleased I was pleased. My magical abilities were back and growing just as they should. Reading makes me tired probably the wine too and after just those few hours of reading a lot of which I seemed to write, I decided to walk back to my quarters. Just the fact that I remembered the location and where I was back now in New Pillar was exhilarating. I walked out of the Grand Library up two more flights of stairs and then to the right down a long hallway. My room was straight ahead and I saw my own oak doors bearing my name and a strange horned beast as a sigil. I knew it now as a chaos demon, Zahir can summon them for me but never likes too they are so hard to control. I seem to remember winning a major war with their controlled summoning long, long ago hence the screaming horned demon as my personal symbol serves my purpose anyway. 
Two hundred years, damn you Layne and I pushed open the doors. The room was just as I had left it so long ago time doesn’t exist here in the linear manner though of on “Earth.”  The bed was on the right, stone hearth on the left and washroom in the back with a nice, large entertaining space out front containing several couches. I remembered so many times and events in this room they began to hit me like crashing waves, I unfastened my top button, sighed trying to block them and poured myself a brandy before bed. 
“Make that two Dainor” a woman’s voice from a wooden table across the darkened room. She was seated on one of the stools her hair was dark and her features lovely and sharp. I expected her name to be Raven or something like that but no I knew what her name was. This was my little sister Vetya she wore a scarlet dress against her pale skin sitting there looking the same as ages past. 
“Are you sure you’re old enough to drink?” I asked her while pouring a second glass.
 “Only if you count being in the thousands old enough” she laughed reaching out and taking the glass from me as I sat down in front of the fireplace. She was at that table still seated maybe two feet away from me.
“It’s good to see that you are alive Dainor” she said smiling.
“It’s good to be alive,” I said and took a swig of brandy. Vetya seemed only to drink after I first did. “I had it on good information that all of my siblings save the cruel Layne and dead Bartrum were off living as kings and queens of their own universes.” I said nonchalantly.
“Some are I’m not. I saw you transport into the throne room, talk about a shock.”
“Silly me I didn’t think any relatives were around to notice.”
“Chain told me it was you and no imposter this time I’m surprised Zahir didn’t mention it, I’m hurt.” She said and smiled.
I thought of Zahir and it just seemed to shrug at me “Wasn’t important at the time.” I ignored Zahir’s statement. I think I will take this moment to explain that each of my siblings possesses a sentient magic protector like my Zahir and they only differ on name and ability. Each was created by us long ago I remember I was the greatest in the arts of magical creation and that Zahir had been my crowning achievement besting all other magic known. Still each sibling possesses their own invisible magical defender. 
“You’ve been gone so long you were becoming a myth dear brother,” Vetya said finishing her glass as I refilled both. 
“You’re old enough to know all myths begin as a misunderstood reality,” I said standing and walking to the painting of a ship on the sea hanging on the wall. Her calm failed her and she blurted out,
“Where have you been Dainor? Surely your army is billions strong by this time knowing you. Do you plan to kill me in your conquest of New Pillar?”
I smirked and turned to speak,
“If only I were as powerful as you think me Vetya I’m only now beginning to regain what I had stolen from me. Let’s just say I was not away of my own choice and the responsible parties will be made to pay the appropriate penalties at the correct time. I’m back to get…reacquainted shall we say.” A look of comfort came over her face and she reached forward to clasp my hands.
“It will be just like before Dainor.”
I withdrew my hands and stepped back, 
“No the cruelties of my past nature I will no longer indulge not even in the course of my revenge. As for it being like before that depends on where you were during the Bartrum fiasco.” She looked down and away.
“The time has changed you that shadow earth not knowing who you were, I see that now Dainor.”
“Much has changed Vetya where do you stand in this, does your loyalty still lie with our father?”
“Of course I am only concerned with the well being of our father and New Pillar.”
“Yes sister of that I am sure” I said taking her by the hand and walking to the door. “It’s good to see you again after so long I suppose it would mean more but time means nothing to us and I am tired. It has been a very long and unusual day I’m going to have to say goodnight.” I said as I unceremoniously opened and escorted her out the door.
“Think about what I said Dainor.”
“Get in line” I said closing the door.
I went and lay down so exhausted I didn’t bother taking off my sword or changing my now filthy clothes. I fell asleep as soon as I hit the bed, so much information in such a short period of time. Zahir pulsed rhythmically on my arm in time with my heartbeat helping send me into REM sleep.
Dreams…shapes coming and going. Hammering a boulder, sparks flying…Now I’m sinking…reaching for a line I pull and I’m covered in flowers that turn into snakes. “Die son of Regoron!” they hiss at my face. 
I woke up punching the air in a cold sweat. Damn dreams, never sure what’s real and what’s not in that interval between sleeping and waking. I knew I wouldn’t get back to sleep now. I got out of bed put on my robe and said the command word to get the fire going it immediately began blazing. Zahir pulsed on my arm to relax me reminding me it was just a dream. 
“You’re right my real life is more dangerous now.” I said as I conjured up some more coffee.
“You are correct Dainor,” Zahir answered. “I just wish you would go back to sleep.”
“Let’s take a walk” I said looking out my window at the clear and crisp night the stars wheeled overhead and the full moon lit up the sky. The stars were different here I put on my clothes and sword deciding to go for that late night stroll. Zahir wasn’t too thrilled about it but being within the keep of the universes again seemed to have an agreeable effect on it. I slipped out my door and down the hall out the front door and into the garden courtyard. I breathed deep the smell of the dewy and woodsy night air. All around me silence hung like a thread only my footsteps breaking the calm. I decided to take the side entrance as I knew no guards would be there and I didn’t feel like explaining myself. It was so good to be back in the gardens of the keep feeling the cool air remembering all that had come before. I loved this one true place not quite like any other and suddenly realized I would be willing to fight and die to defend it against anyone. That was a new understanding for me I had always been more selfish in the past. 
I always seem to do my best thinking alone on walks at night. Zahir pulsed…then again.
“There is another like me here.”
“Ah another sibling, not Vetya is it?”
“No, I sense another presence other than her Chain.”
“Interesting let’s just keep walking and you let me know if anything changes.”
Funny how Regoron tells me all my siblings are away yet here they are appearing one by one. Maybe it’s because he’s calling them here for the meeting or maybe they’ve been here all along either way they will do what they want and I must also. To be honest I have no designs on the throne now or anytime in the future that I can foresee. Who wants to be weighted down with all that responsibility? No I enjoy my freedom too much and now that I know I can travel wherever my imagination will allow I want to explore again. Return to those shadow worlds I loved, discover new ones. Let the family fight for the throne like they always have I don’t even know why it’s a topic of discussion. Regoron is immortal unless it’s another one of his games to test the loyalty of his children.
“Hello Dainor,” another feminine voice from behind a stand of pines called. Zahir didn’t even have to tell me it was Purly my youngest sister and some say most devious though I always thought the two of us got along and worked well together. I answered before turning,
“Little Purly,” I turned to see a slender woman with slight features and auburn hair when I turned around. “Long time, no see little sister” I said smiling as we came together and hugged each other for a long while. 
“I knew Layne had done something, I knew you weren’t dead and I definitely knew you weren’t ruling some far off shadow kingdom. You always said you hated politics.”
“Do you think he will show his face here for father’s meeting?”
“Possibly, if only to see your reaction at his audacity he knows you wouldn’t try anything with father around.”
“Good point,” I said pouring another cup of coffee in the wilderness. She indicated she wanted none I had grabbed it out of some reality somewhere while on my night walk. “Well we shall see if he bothers to show, father doesn’t seem to trust Layne either he will have an announcement much to Layne’s surprise later on I hope.”
“I looked for you for years. Layne hid you from all of us not even Rory could find your scent.” Rory is Purly’s magical armband it is known to have properties similar to a bloodhound in that it is relentless in pursuing leads of magical origin. 
I grabbed her by the hand,
“I appreciate that Purly it took Zahir centuries to find me also. It seems Layne did a very good job of hiding me on that false reality far from any magical assistance though he underestimated my ability and magical persistence.”
“I just wanted you to know no matter what happens my support lies with you Dainor not Layne.”
I kissed her cheek and said thank you,
“I’m going back to the keep now I just wanted to see you alone and talk to you” she said before leaving.
“Thank you and goodnight Purly.”
My favorite little sister Purly she of course had not aged a day and it was wonderful to look upon her again as I remembered her. I stood there amid the pines for a moment watching her walk back to the keep and then Zahir spoke as I turned to continue my stroll.
“It was good to speak to Rory after all this time.”
“Did you learn anything useful and speaking of that what did you and Chain talk about earlier?”
“Yes I learned multiple meaningful messages most importantly would be that your brother Layne has arrives but he does not believe you are alive with your memory intact he still fears your return and is hiding.”
“He should the rotten bastard.”
“Until he can confirm your presence via his spies he will not appear at the meeting with the others in person.”
“Have you detected anything of the sort?” I asked Zahir.
“No, but they may be magically hidden I’ll continue scanning.”
As Zahir kept up the magical guard I continued my walk, the stars here in New Pillar with their colors were so breathtaking. The constellations oriented to match the keep of the universes truly all power crossed here at its nexus. It was no small wonder all of my siblings wanted to control that power. Becoming the ruler of New Pillar makes one the most feared, respected and powerful person in the universes. I don’t know call me simple but it never appealed to me. I always wanted to experience new realities, find new battles to fight. My first few millennia I was quite the hell raiser. I had to be punished by Regoron quite often as I recall and I deserved it. Walks like this bring such boyish memories back fresh to my mind.
“Now about those other inventions Zahir it seems I have some enemies to contend with and all my gadgets shall be needed now. It’s a good thing I remember their locations and function. We can check on them all after this meeting of the siblings.” Zahir nodded and I decided to turn around and start my way back to the keep as I was getting hungry and it was getting a bit too windy for my taste.
The keep was beautiful at night with its lights blazing through the sky repelling the darkness. I missed you so much my New Pillar, my keep of the universes. Walking on the moist grass the moon now hung high, there was a pulse on my arm. The keep was still too far away so I stood still, another pulse and then off to my left a window of pinkish white light opened and there stood Layne. Just like that he appeared in his green and gold trousers with matching shirt and curled boots. He was tall with blond hair and pale green eyes like Regoron; he had a slight goatee and held a cane just for looks. 
“Brother Dainor so good to see you well,” he said laying on the sarcasm pretty thick.
“Cut the shit little brother I know you were the one who stole my memory and trapped me on that false earth. You’re too late now Layne, you surprised me before but Zahir is fully aware of you now and is attached with the upgrades as I’m sure you know so try something and watch what happens.” I actually wasn’t prepared, like I said it takes time to rebuild the magic that was previously possessed. Then once your ability is there you need to work with spells. Spells are like a laundry line you have to hang them in advance and give them time to dry, you must hang them beforehand in preparation so your spells are ready refreshing them constantly and I had not yet had time to prepare one.
“You’re right brother I can’t surprise you with an attack still I’m afraid you’re going to miss your own reunion.” Then Layne spoke a word and began to cackle as a black hole appeared behind me sucking me through like dirt through a vacuum. It was another well prepared spell not even Zahir had time to react. It was a hell of a ride I felt compressed down to a single atom and then spit out the other end like an unwanted seed. I remember flying out of this portal heading towards a jagged rock consciousness was lost after that. 
I woke up with one hell of a headache I had no clue where I was. Damn that was a good spell by Layne, what was that? Either way it pissed me off. I have to prepare myself with spells for next time there won’t be a next time with an outcome like that. I stood up feeling dizzy to dust myself off and have a look around. I noticed that either my head was spinning or the sky was churning like one big tornado. I was standing on a rocky outcropping of gray stone. Next to me a fall of who knows how far. I could see another portal in the distance in front of me but what lay between me and that portal might pose a problem. Now I see why Layne had ported me here he was expecting this guardian of the portal to kill and eat me solving his Dainor problem forever. 
It was a hideous beast it looked half wolf and half bat. When it spread its wings and screeched opening its yellow eyes some looser rocks fell I decided to see if it was in a good mood. 
“Can I pass by you?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“It’s my job to stop you or anyone else from leaving.”
“I see and who do you work for?”
“Now I work for Layne and company.”
“What’s your salary?”
“I get the chance to eat special princes like you.”
“Nice so there’s no room for compromise here?”
“Not unless you think you can live limbless!”
This lone guardian, I actually felt a bit sorry for him he had no clue his existence was coming to a close. I was so pissed at Layne and I was feeling magically strong. Something either about this place or the anger with my magic made me feel like trying something I hadn’t done in years, a complete transformation to a creature of nightmare. So I asked the guardian,
“You do know I’m no regular prince but a prince of Regoron right?”
“Yeah so is Layne and all of you other squabbling brats,” the monster hissed.
“You had your chance beast now I’m going to show you what it’s like to see the real Dainor.”
At first there was a laugh and a smile on his bat looking, fanged face…at first. I started in the shoulders with spiked wings exploding out of my human back as bones began to snap and crack like twigs, sounds of chaos and hell combined increasing my size exponentially to well over thirty feet towering over the guardian. My limbs were extended and clawed like razors, I had a face like a T-Rex and felt twice as mean. There was no smile on its face now I took a step forward.
“Oh crap,” were the guardian’s famous last words.
Stupid guardian that would be the last of his easy meals, that’s just it he probably had a steady diet of presumptuous sorcerers until I came along. Before walking through the portal but after throwing the guardian’s giant corpse off the side of the cliff I decided I wanted to change back to human form which is no easy task. It takes about ten or fifteen minutes earth time and involves a lot of painful snapping and cracking but I hadn’t changed into my chaotic nightmare form in some time and the guardian seemed the perfect time to test. Changing into the beast is relatively quick and scary to the observer it’s changing back that’s the bitch. Magical spells work different, as I said before it’s like hanging different clothing on a laundry line preparing them beforehand and they only last a certain time before they completely dry up and are ineffective thus why I said it is necessary to refresh them. It is also necessary for a sorcerer such as me to take some time regularly and practice different lines of spells. I was completely unprepared, it’s a damned good thing I could become my nightmare form and there was only one of those guardians. At least Layne kept underestimating me. I was coming back to normal size and appearance as I thought about spells. I eventually stood there naked before the portal looking like the human Dainor should. I thought how funny it would be to portal to the meeting with everyone and arrive nude, that would surprise Layne but better judgment won the day and I summoned some nice new clothes to wear. Zahir was tired from the exertion of turning me into my chaotic nightmare beast. That damned guardian got some good licks in too; my shin was killing me as well as my right big toe. 
The clothes I wore were teal and white bearing the symbol of my chaotic form on them with my sword hanging by my side. I never named my sword because it doesn’t exist it comes from my mind it is a part of Zahir.
“You’re not going to be getting rid of me that easily Layne, not this time.” I said to Zahir basically since no one else was there. I also knew a spell like the one Layne had used on me took a good amount of time to prepare and his energy would be getting low hell he might not have anything prepared after that spell. I stood before the portal straightening my clothes and hair. I also decided to take a little extra time and hang some spells just in case I needed to call on them after transporting into the throne room where I assume my father Regoron would still be meeting with all or as many of my siblings as possible and this would be the place where my sinister little brother Layne would come up with some excuse as to why I wasn’t appearing at my own return party. I look forward to ruining that little speech I’ve had one too many of Layne’s games. I’ve been known to be pretty vicious even when it comes to family on the rare occasion someone moved for the throne but I think I have shown tremendous restraint in not removing Layne from existence. “That may have to change” I thought to myself as Zahir nodded and pulsed in agreement.
I stepped through the portal manipulating it to send me to the keep of the universes throne room. I possessed control of its powers after killing the guardian. I could choose it to send me anywhere and I chose there, family first and all. Coming out of the portal into the room it appeared to them as if I stepped through an invisible doorway. There was a slight blue mist after I entered and then the doorway was gone. There I stood silently facing all of my brothers and sisters, Layne included. Regoron at the front as always and I was right. The look on Layne’s face almost made my little delay worth it. 
“Well, who’s going to pass me a drink?” I said breaking the tension, at that several siblings came over to greet me heartily and Regoron handed me his personal whisky. Layne came over and stood across from me stiffly, his wine glass trembling in his hand.
“It’s so good to see you in fine health brother,” Layne managed to stammer.
“I never miss a party,” I responded smiling as he smirked and walked away. I had to keep Zahir calm in Layne’s presence. It took some restraint on my part to stop Zahir from strangling him. Regoron waited until we were alone and then spoke in my ear.
“You’re late Dainor not like you.”
“I was unexpectedly delayed,” I said gesturing with Zahir to him through vigil so no one else could see telling him about Layne’s little attempt to remove me before the party had even begun. “Now you see why I wanted to be so cautious about my return though it is too late for Layne now.”
“You know I chose you, he knows I chose you, do what you have to do it’s time to begin,” he said before walking away finishing a drink.
“Gee thanks dad,” I whispered sarcastically into my own drink as I finished the whisky, it was damn good it tasted like a forest floor smells.
The throne room was decorated in brilliant banners and crystals. We all took our appropriate positions, father on his throne, his children lined up seated in front according to age and since it was my party; my return to the family as it were I stood behind him on his right hand side. There was a lot of pomp and circumstance involved with all of these affairs which is another reason I have no desire to rule the throne. Though I do think one of my sisters would make a good queen, far better than any brothers would a king. I could feel Layne’s eyes piercing me; I looked down on him and smiled knowing his failure. Malcor leaned forward and over whispering something into his ear, he looked at me then at the floor or any other direction from that point onward in the ceremony.
 Father’s speaker droned on and on about my conquests and accomplishments long ago, overcoming adversity to be here with his family…yadda yadda. That’s another pain about living so long you do so much stuff if anyone ever wants to list or talk about any of it, it takes forever! He finally finished and we all thanked various Gods so we could go eat and drink heavily getting the hell out of there. I was glad to be back and all but such unnecessary court nonsense chaps my ass memory or not.
Purly came over to me looking radiant in a yellow sundress we kissed on the cheek.
“My little sister,” I smiled at her.
“My big brother, I’m glad to see you made it through that attempt by Layne before coming here.”
I feigned ignorance, “I don’t know what you mean you saw my entrance it was nice and smooth.”
“Damn you Dainor! Damn you to hell! We had plans before you!” She hissed in a way she never had done to me before as she stormed off leaving the room entirely.
“Fascinating,” Zahir said in my mind.
“What’s fascinating?” I asked.
“Purly is not who I thought she was her magic feels…different.”
“What do you mean? I’m confused now.”
“Just do me a small favor Dainor, remember you created me at the height of your power bestowing me with gifts beyond any other spell including those your siblings or the one your father wears. Don’t trust Purly, your cute little sister is truly a raging animal waiting to be unleashed to do who knows what?”
“Purly?!” I asked dumbfounded.
“What’s so strange? Look at who you thought you were this time last year, everyone else in the family knows she is devious.”
“Good points Zahir it’s just…has she always been like that or is this a plant?”
“No it’s her true nature just being revealed magically for the first time, it had been hidden somehow it is all tied to your return.”
“Great, guess I should finish the drink then.”
We were drinking far too much wine if there is such a thing which there isn’t. Everyone seemed to be enjoying my return except of course Layne and I was deep in talk with Malcor. Apparently an adjacent kingdom was very powerful and was becoming increasingly aggressive, he was thinking of teaching them a lesson. He seemed most pleased at my return it was Malcor I rescued from a lifetime of slavery by razing the largest slave city ever constructed in that shadow to the ground. It’s still talked about to this day and the ruin where the city was which is about a hundred miles wide is avoided completely by the locals. That’s why to this day Malcor trusts me with his life I raised an army of one hundred million creatures from all sorts of shadows and parallel realities and dimensions. It still holds the record for largest army ever raised by one of us including Regoron. I always did overdo things but for taking a prince of New Pillar thinking to make him a slave the race of now extinct slavers the Bourck made their last mistake. You can’t even tell there was a city there Malcor said, I’ll have to check it out sometime. It was quite the place when I destroyed it.
As we were reminiscing out of nowhere Layne called out,
“Dainor is a traitor to the house of Regoron and a half bastard of darkness where his no good mother came from!”
I turned to face him away from my conversation with Malcor I had had enough of Layne. I yelled,
“You want the throne little man? Too bad you’ll never have it. Regoron is immortal and even if he left I would see to it that Malcor took his place you will never see the throne only an early grave!”
I was glad I had taken some extra time to prepare and hang some spells before proceeding through the portal as long as it was one on one me and Layne I could take him with this lineup I thought.
“You think I don’t see you eyeing the throne yourself Dainor, why else would you come back now?”
“Because I just regained my memory that you got lucky and stole from me I should kill you here and now but out of respect for out father Regoron I won’t.”
That’s when it happened something I never thought I would see or hear. Then again, Bartrum gave into his madness. Layne screamed,
“Death to Regoron and New Pillar, long live the golden sun of Layne!” He called out as he attempted to run at our father with a long dagger outstretched. He of course didn’t reach him I made sure of that. When he came charging I jumped in front of him using his momentum and weight against him I grabbed his wrist keeping the blade away from me and rolled him over my hip. A bit of a combination of Judo and Aikido I had learned on that shadow earth. Twisting his wrist ninety degrees after tossing him he dropped the blade as I placed my knee on his shoulder blade pinning him to the floor face first. The others had rushed our father to safety and Malcor was helping me keep Layne in place though it wasn’t necessary, I think he was making sure I didn’t kill him. 
“You are weak Layne didn’t even need magic for you.” I said smiling down at him. As I was holding him down he began laughing a deep and maniacal laughter.
“You think you know magic Dainor? You think you know shadows? You know nothing!” Layne yelled in a venomous tone. 
“Yeah well I know your ass is pinned to the ground going nowhere and your crazy time is over Bartrum junior.” 
“No Dainor his crazy time has just begun” Purly’s voice said from behind as I felt a blade enter my left lung deflating it like a balloon before I could even turn around. The one saving grace was that Zahir had Purly’s throat from a spell I prepared and was strangling her so hard her face was purple and eyes were bulging. I turned and looked at her,
“If I die you die,” She strained to get out while choking.
“Sorry brother but I’m the one to rule and what better time than now to remove you again…this time for good!” It was Malcor, damn everybody is against me. I turned to block his oncoming blow but it was too late he caught me on the side of the head knocking me over a table and removing Zahir’s death grip from Purly. She lay on the floor gasping and flopping like a fish. The stab wound she gave me was bleeding heavily and I was wheezing, Malcor picked me off the ground and held me in place as he tossed a small black cube about three feet in front of us and it exploded forming into another transportation portal. I had only been prepared to take on one…damn.
“Don’t come back here unprepared again Dainor you should know that by now. Of course you won’t be coming back at all from where I’m sending you. Keep your worthless memory where you’re going you’ll never find your way back to New Pillar and if you do you will find Malcor the magnificent sitting upon the throne dictating from the nexus of power for all creation.”
I had one spell ready and I was mad enough to use it only problem was it would burn me too this close. What the hell I figured, “Burn” I spoke and Malcor burst into flames I managed to catch Purly and Layne’s faces on fire but Malcor was burning good, like a candlestick. He tossed me into the portal as he had to attend to his screaming.
“Son of a…” before I could finish I was in the portal and I lost consciousness during the singularity process only waking when Zahir started tapping my mind who knows how long I had been out probably only a few seconds because the portal was still open.
“Can’t a guy catch a break?” I said as I came back to consciousness lying on my back looking up at the black ceiling. I lifted my head the blue outline of the portal was still there on the other side Malcor was smoldering…I smiled.
Layne had put his face out and came to the portal looking worse for wear,
“It’s your new home my dear Dainor, a nice dark dungeon cell. Enjoy your existence there I promise when I become king I’ll parade you in chains for all your brothers and sisters to witness and laugh at you pointing to say look there the foolish third born Dainor who thought to rule New Pillar over the God Layne the golden sun! Goodbye for now brother.” He finished speaking as Purly was getting the fires under control though she was burnt too and then they were gone I was alone in a dark prison cell made of stone, somewhere. After a moment in the darkness,
“Well you have any ideas Dainor?” I heard Zahir ask as I was coming around.
“Very funny wow I didn’t even want the throne now all I want is revenge. Will the only way for me to live in peace be to kill all my siblings?”
“Time will tell for now we need to work on more practical matters such as escaping this dungeon.”
Zahir was right now was not the time for self pity. I must find a way out of this cell and back to New Pillar. Who knows what evil Malcor is working with? My place is on high no dungeon can hold a prince of New Pillar, can it? I don’t know how but escape and revenge are my only options and they will come to fruition. I didn’t come this far to lose now I knew this couldn’t be any type of end for me and I was right, Zahir was prepared as always. Zahir spoke,
“I can take us to a far off shadow where you will be free I can only do it once and will be substantially weakened for a time after the transport. This is your emergency spell you gave me long ago, it will be up to you where we go after transport and it could be some years before we return again it is so far out in shadow in New Pillar time.”
“Just take me to a shadow where I can build an army and we’ll be fine” I said rising feeling something new stir inside of me that seemed ancient yet had just been sleeping, some new confidence.
Zahir transported us out of that stinky, dark prison cell. I know my siblings wouldn’t expect Zahir to have such a potent spell within it, that’s why it was there for tight jams just like that one. I was transported to an ocean, a different one but I watched the waves again this time from a purple shore. Breathing deep I knew I must build my New Pillar invasion force larger and more complex than ever. Turning I walked to begin my journey thanking Zahir for the flawless escape. 
“I will erase Malcor, Layne and Purly from the history of New Pillar just as the ocean erases my footprints left behind in the sand their very names will be gone from history.” I thought out loud to Zahir as I stepped into this new shadow. “Time to begin our rise dear friend,” I felt Zahir smile.
This place was definitely different and far away judging by the color and texture of the sky it was strange yet somehow familiar to me. I could feel that Zahir was sleeping as I walked off the beach and into a small clearing. I was wondering if perhaps I had been here before because I was having some déjà vu then I came across my answer. About ten yards to my right was a huge copper monument to well…me and I was holding some squid looking things head in my hand raised triumphantly. The inscription underneath was in a strange dialect I could barely read, “Dainor destroyer of Zeff savior of Kornida.”
“Well I’ll be damned,” I said out loud looking up at myself. I had no recollection really of any shadow planet named Kornida or a villain squid named Zeff. There was a slight haze of remembrance but the inscription indicated this took place well over a hundred thousand years ago and I can’t even remember what I had for breakfast. How am I supposed to remember some ancient battle?
Well maybe I was still worshipped here as a god I was hoping to myself asI kept walking up a small dirt road well past my statue. My mind was consumed with rage and revenge Zahir was sleeping too weak to calm me down. There I was on another road walking alone on another night and like clockwork it hit me! I remembered Kornida I had destroyed a warlord of a strange race named Zeff in exchange for their service in my armies forever and from what I remember I had used their race extensively in past battles long ago. The native population is four to six feet tall, scaly and bug eyed with red skin and long sharp claws. They are good at handling defensive tasks and are brilliant siege engineers. I walked another four miles until I came to their capital city that I was looking for. Immediately the people there began rushing and worshipping me as if I had never been gone. I was swept up and brought to a temple by the frenzied crowd. The altar there was dedicated to me and there appeared to be a very important priest in this religion standing there beaming at my return. I turned remembering Kornida and how their society is run by these religious people I told him,
“Gather all able bodied men to me within two weeks,” that was the order I gave him and like some trained monkey he ran and obeyed me. Silly, silly Malcor your betrayal makes no sense I couldn’t stop my mind from going to my family. Was there anyone for me there who loved me or did they all want to see me dead and gone? Thinking on revenge I remembered an invention of mine that should now be coming to full maturity and usefulness. It was a master transport of sorts capable of operating only for me using Zahir’s imprint. It’s function is to keep track of every army on every shadow reality I visit and recruit so when I call upon it I can transport them all to my location immediately. It’s kind of like the internet for armies it’s something I tried awhile back out of frustration. Now it’s one of my major battle components.
“Are there any other commands my lord?” The priest who I assumed to be like their pope asked me.
“No I will contact you in two weeks time to bring the army to me” I said as he bowed. Basically it’s like setting an alarm clock and that’s what I did as I stepped and willed myself through reality using some temple crystals energy which seemed to help since it is sometimes harder to work magic this far from New Pillar. Especially since I’m alone I am waiting for Zahir to strengthen and wake up so we can start working on some new magical ideas. I willed myself to a slightly different world more advanced, more industrial. I turned and walked past the blurring motion of changing realities stepping forward into what appeared to be the parking lot of some type of industrial factory. I moved forward again changing the scenery around me, the further I got from our original point the more Zahir seemed to stir. I went shadow to shadow recruiting and gathering armies on worlds I formerly owned most remembered me or one of my relatives from some point in their history. The eighth world into my campaign Zahir finally awoke completely and was at full capacity.
“Welcome back,” I said feeling Zahir reset itself. “Where are we?” I asked Zahir testing it.
“The eight shadow reality from Kornida you must be losing track of all those armies by now,” Zahir said.
“I am which is what makes this world special and I’m glad you’re awake.”
“Shadow watcher,” Zahir stated.
“Exactly, I built it on this isolated world once we integrate its knowledge into you we will have an exact number and ability to transport all troops from any shadow. By this time shadow watcher has matured greatly and is capable of sorting and transporting trillions of soldiers if need be.”
“Lemox planet Lemox,” Zahir stated correctly.
I walked the several miles to where I had left the shadow watcher running it sat in a crater. An ancient crater completely hidden from view, we came to the rim of the crater and I looked down as Zahir gave me a few warning pulses.
“I know,” I said out loud. “I see them too. Damn it!” 
There appeared to have been an entire temple complex built around the shadow watcher as if it were some holy relic. I thought this world was unpopulated but a lot can change when you’re not paying attention for two hundred years.
“I need shadow watcher and I don’t have the time to waste with these fanatics,” I said quickly to Zahir.
“Then what do you suggest?”
“I’m going to tell them who I am and ask for shadow watcher nicely.”
“And if they say no?” Zahir asked.
“Then I’m going to turn into my chaotic nightmare beast and get you to summon a chaos demon for me as back up and decimate them.”
Zahir sighed and said “If you must.”
I strolled down the side of the crater and right up to the temple entrance. Unfortunately I didn’t see my likeness anywhere here it appears they only worship the shadow watcher here.
“Halt,” a stocky guard in decent armor called out. “State your business.”
“Are you in charge here?” I asked him.
“As far as you’re concerned I am worm now state your business I won’t ask again!”
“Oh screw this!”
My patience had been exhausted and this fat guard’s attitude was the last straw. Perhaps if he had been helpful and kind he would have lived, now we’ll never know. Almost immediately like popping out of a shell I turned into my snarling half T-Rex half dog looking chaotic monster with long sharp claws and sticklike unbreakable arms for slicing and tearing. I was getting better with my magic I was happy with this transformation the guards were not.  I spoke the word and there was a huge fire winged chaos demon twice my size at my back controlled only by Zahir who was concentrating intently on controlling the demon’s will. I smashed the temple complex to the ground with the demon following my lead crushing stones. I had no intent on destroying the complex merely to reach and take back the shadow watcher and that is what I did. After smashing through several walls and buildings eating a couple of priests for theatrics I found the shadow watcher. It was a small black screen constantly running equations. I immediately picked it up and attached it to Zahir in mere seconds it also disappeared under my skin. I could feel Zahir absorbing its knowledge I gave Zahir the command to release the demon as he did so it of course kept ravaging the remaining temple complexes mindlessly. I used the time and distraction to shift away from that world and give Zahir time to absorb the extreme amount of knowledge from shadow watcher. That plus I wanted to change back to my human form. I found a quiet meadow on a world with four different colored moons and adjusted my bones and body back to the human Dainor. Pop! Crack! I could feel Zahir moving as fast as it could trying to absorb all the knowledge from shadow watcher sorting past from present etc. 
“Done,” Zahir spoke a few hours later as I ate cheese and apples admiring the current view with a little peace and quiet.
“Good keep track of the numbers this is only the beginning. That little trio of traitors has no idea who they screwed over, they truly don’t. They think Dainor being their brother affords them some privilege. They have forgotten who I am, Purly is too young to fear me properly, Layne is too insane with jealousy and power and Malcor thinks being the eldest means something, he’s blinded by arrogance. I’ll kill them all, that is if one of the three hasn’t killed the others before my return.”
So what’s to tell? There I went shadow to shadow world to world those I knew and those I didn’t gathering both my old self and magical powers as well as an army scattered across parallel universes. Now, one might ask how do you train and stay in touch with these armies scattered through these various realities and universes? I had spent much time gathering my past creations just as I had done with the shadow watcher. The next invention I found and possibly the most ingenious because no one has this ability magically or any other way I am the only one is the device called shadow caller, it amplifies the shadow watcher so location no longer matters allowing me through Zahir to communicate directly with all of my soldiers telepathically throughout any shadows, dimensions and realities. It works in conjunction with the shadow watcher sort of like boosting a wireless network signal.
 Amazingly I encountered no resistance for the next few years as I went about various campaigns. I had no idea what was happening in New Pillar and honestly it no longer mattered at that time. My power had grown beyond any single one of them and I could easily decimate the three of them together now I was sure if necessary. Zahir had also developed to the point that its ability to let me project myself into a shadow without actually going there like a hologram had activated again. I was definitely on the come up as a leader only around I’d say ten earth years had passed since my betrayal and imprisonment but like I said time flows differently in different realities. I was always tempted to go back to New Pillar and have my revenge but I wanted to be certain I would have an overwhelming victory.
I had a trusted lieutenant named Avery who issued many orders in my name during these campaigns of recruitment through shadow. I trusted him because he wasn’t family and always had wonderful ideas of strategical importance. I told him the truth about myself and my abilities to manipulate and change what he would consider to be reality. There were a very few select people outside of the family with that information but he had earned it helping me gather more and more to my army world after never ending world. He was cautious but unafraid, courageous but not stupid and was one of the few people I could count on to give me their honest opinion whether I wanted to hear it or not, a rare human indeed. Many of my generals, commanders and lieutenants were simply yes men and they disgusted me that is why Avery became my only confidant over time. The only thing he doesn’t know about is Zahir but I’m sure he has his suspicions and I would tell him the truth if he ever asked me but he’s too proud to ever do that. Avery, I had known few like him over my lifetime unfortunately they’re mortal men and they age and die. For the last ten years though Avery had been my right hand man. Through some of his wisdom I would often think of my father Regoron and what happened to him after I was sent to that dungeon by my traitorous siblings. I wanted more overwhelming magical power.
I was surrounded by several layers of magic when I decided to go and find the companion I made to Zahir that Bartrum had stolen, its name was Varv. The world it was taken to was a dead shell of a place with a white dwarf star for a sun but there it was clear as day to my eyes. Sitting on a small altar it looked like an old rusted hunk of metal, useless. I took Avery with me to this place not knowing what to expect in terms of enemies. I knew for certain I would be the only one in the line of Regoron to wear two living spells because it was thought to be impossible but you don’t get to be the most powerful magical being in the universes without pushing limits thought impossible by others. Zahir didn’t give any warnings but Avery seemed jittery as all hell like he didn’t even want me there.
“Don’t do it sir it’s a trap, it’s too easy looking to be real.” He cautioned me as I approached Varv sitting rusted on the altar. 
“You’re probably right Avery that’s why you’re here to watch my back. This is my creation another hard earned item of mine stolen…understand?” I asked him looking through steely eyes. He nodded slowly as I mounted the stairs and picked up the hunk of old looking metal that was Varv. I said the word and slid my right arm into the opening in the middle of it as it came to life shaking off the rust like a dog with water. There was some whirring and clicking followed by a new awareness as Varv integrated with Zahir making me feel like I was jacked up on about thirty cups of coffee. I had another curtain of falsehood fall away as my vision again suddenly became…clearer is the only word. That is the only way to describe it and I’ll be damned if the first thing I didn’t see was my good buddy Avery was actually my father Regoron!
“What the hell? Dad you’re Avery? But why?”
“Why do you think? I can’t have my successor fighting alone.”
“I know but damn now I lose my most trusted friend and lieutenant.”
“Think of how much you have gained by taking Varv though!”
“Why didn’t you want me to take it then?”
“I thought it might kill you.”
“Oh so what all I get is some better magical vision. I’m able to look through magical illusions big deal?”
He chuckled as he turned back into Regoron dropping the Avery disguise completely it was kind of disturbing how easily he did it.
“You’ll remember soon all that you created Varv to do just like Zahir,” he said.
“I’m sure I will,” I agreed.
“Tell me Dainor is this all for revenge? What will you do with all this power and might you have acquired?”
“Take the throne of course” I smiled at him. He wasn’t sure what to say so I continued. “Actually father I want my revenge and I want to be left alone. I just need to be powerful enough no one can do what Layne did to me ever again. Should it happen again I think I’d rather be dead than brain wiped.”
“I understand I will see you at home soon. I’m sorry for your siblings just know your father loves you.” With that Avery or should I say Regoron was gone. I’m sure he was there to spy on me and gather his own brand of information all those years; it’s only natural for him. 
“Damn my only trusted advisor gone just like that” I muttered to myself.
“Hey what about me?” Zahir asked in a hurt tone.
“He was under your nose the entire time anyway you know what I mean, I thought it was a human companion but I should know better by now. A prince of New Pillar is destined to remain alone in perpetuity. What’s our total number of soldiers so far Zahir?”
“Including all shadows according to shadow watcher and caller together amplified by Varv there are currently 71,427,642 soldiers from the latest reports currently undergoing your twenty week training program. They will be complete with training next week and will begin helping with the new recruits and beginning specialization.”
“Very good they are progressing well, those traitors will be sorry they turned on Dainor in time.” Thinking of their betrayals over and over just made me sick through anger I had to learn more.
I had time to learn, now no one could manipulate shadow or gather forces the way I could in retrospect their betrayal was the best thing that could have happened to me magically speaking. Still I decided they had their fun and it was time to gather information on New Pillar and its current status so I sent out a few thousand spies across their lands Zahir sent out magical feelers as well amplified by Varv. The word came back through Zahir that Regoron still sat upon the throne but every few weeks there was a great battle or some other atrocity taking place. It seems the trio or golden sun as they referred to themselves now has gotten along well enough to start and completely organize a full blown rebellion gathering all manner of bandit and thug to serve as their followers. Through sheer terror, magic and force of will they had created a force dedicated to one thing, overthrowing the rule of Regoron. Apparently Malcor, Layne and Purly were trying to pass themselves off as Gods among the lower classes trying to turn them against Regoron. It was one thing to do that on a shadow world but there in New Pillar even the peasantry was aware of the true nature of existence, their crimes must be stopped. 
“Zahir?” I asked one day while shifting realities gathering a new magical source to serve as an almost infinite supply of manna or magical energy.
“Yes Dainor?”
“Do you think I have reached the strength of my previous self?”
“No you have far surpassed it and your rage coupled with your desire for revenge has opened up fountains of magical energy you can use that even I have not explored yet.”
“So I take it you think we’re ready to put down this civil war in New Pillar and have my revenge?”
“I can only speak honestly with the facts and data I have you are the most powerful magical being I have come across yet. The length and power of your spell line with its duration are unmatched in all ways you should be able to take on two or three others like you at one time and win easily.”
“I’ll take that as a yes,” I answered and immediately transported us to my father’s throne room like a child where there were no parties only a war table with my father and his various commanders arguing over their next move. From rebellion, to insurgency, to full blown civil war. These three ungrateful bastards will be stopped now from further harm. My father looked more than pleased to see me as I strode over to the war table. I could see he was basically magically inert the great Regoron a physical being. 
“What has happened here father?”
“Your selfish siblings have found a way to nullify my magic forcing me to fight them conventionally.”
“What? When did this happen, how is that possible?”
His face was more wrinkled than I remembered I could tell he was hurting, Varv and Zahir pulsed together and then I knew the answer. Malcor was dead tricked into sacrificing himself by Layne and Purly so that Regoron would be magically inert in every way.”
“They sacrificed their own brother?” I asked laying my hands on the table with my head bowed. “Don’t worry about this father I’m now stronger than you can possibly know. Take heart you have at least one son who turned out to be a man and not a cowardly rat.” I touched him and restored all of his previous powers. He looked at his hands front and back, held his chest and then embraced me tighter than ever before.
There was a look of madness in his eye as he said, “You must kill them for killing my firstborn do you understand Dainor, for me? All responsible must be killed!”
I nodded, “I understand completely father you go now and relax I have no betrayal in my heart. It is in your name I am going to go crush this filthy dark rebellion of Layne and Purly.”
I left Regoron to his attendants and transported myself into the open field in front of the keep and from there to the forest of Maffdu.
“They’re headquartered in Maffdu Dainor,” Zahir spoke to my mind.
“Why doesn’t Varv speak to me Zahir?”
“When it comes to you I speak for him, he doesn’t speak yet and doesn’t want to learn primitive carbon vocalization as he calls it.”
“I understand it is cumbersome anyway I figured they would be headquartered here fouling up my beautiful forest with their dark magic and evil deeds.”
I asked the trees since I could speak with them again where the traitors were headquartered and a branch pointed it right out to me. I guess the trees didn’t like seeing their brothers and sisters chopped down to create room for a terrorist training ground.
“They’ll never know we’re coming,” Zahir said to me covering us in an invisibility spell.
“Never doubted it for a second but forget the stealth I have better plans for their headquarters watch my power in action.”
I put both of my hands over my head as I reached through Zahir who also had Varv’s power now reaching deep into shadow and space I felt the edges of this dimension and opened a nice large temporal distortion square above the entire so called headquarters. What did this do? Brought flaming meteors and meteorites from another space and time through the temporal distortion square and into this world bombarding them crashing down on the headquarters of those rebellious children. I laughed when I saw them all begin to scatter and run like ants on fire of course nobody made it out alive. That is except the two siblings I was looking for how nice it was I found them wounded side by side in the flaming rubble. I picked them both up by their throats holding them aloft before me.
“Do you see? Do you see now what happens? I would have been a loyal brother to you now unfortunately you get to become an enemy of Dainor,” I dropped them as they both lay gasping and vomiting at my feet. “The penalty is death your sentence has already been passed.”
Layne pulled himself to his knees and then his feet staggering somewhat but gaining his balance then spoke,
“Well Dainor it looks like you’ve finally won. I guess congratulation is in order.” He said as he used his last bit of strength to try to kill me with an ornate razor sharp dagger he kept hidden in his waistband. I simply spoke the spell I had prepared and he froze right there in mid stab caught red handed as it were.  I removed the dagger from his frozen hand.
“W…what did you do to him?” Purly asked from the floor.
“Shut it! You’re next!” I yelled pointing down at her.
“Goodbye Layne,” I said as I spoke another word and he faded into nothingness. No mess, no blood just poof you’re gone. Purly whimpered as Layne completely disappeared. I turned to her and spoke,
“I really expected more from you Purly I thought we always got along very well.”
“Just shut your sentimental mouth and kill me already you dumb son of a…” 
She didn’t get to finish because I removed her head sending it who knows where, I’m not even sure again, just gone. It left her headless but cauterized so there was no blood she just flopped around for a minute and then I made her corpse disappear in the same manner as her head. My next objective which would take some time is to strike their very names from the record books in New Pillar and from existence.
I went back to my father’s throne room immediately to tell him the news I thought he deserved to know first. I have to admit I still felt strange seeing him as himself knowing all those years he was lying to me as Avery fighting at my side. I told him when I saw him about the dramatic blow I had just dealt to the so called golden sun and that both Layne and Purly were dead. I took no joy in telling him, he just sighed and looked at his feet uncomfortably as he fidgeted before speaking.
“Well Dainor I suppose I should thank you.”
“No father this is no occasion for thanks.”
“You didn’t let me finish, you always were impatient. Thank you for removing some obstacles that Malcor will no longer have to deal with on his rise to the top.”
“What? Malcor? But he’s…”
Before I could finish my confused thought I was struck in the chest with a thunderbolt. Zahir managed to block some small portion of the spell therefore leaving me breathless and on one knee instead of dead and sprawled on my back. I didn’t even need time to think I put it all together immediately. That was a bolt from Regoron and Vigil they were the only ones close to my power. 
“Fool! Did you think my power could ever be made inert? Do you forget I am Regoron the immortal?”
“Malcor?” I gritted through my chest pain and confusion.
“Malcor? Why Malcor’s right here.” He said as Malcor strolled into the room only bearing burn marks on the right side of his face.
“I healed your burn spell injuries Dainor I was close by watching the whole time. You think I would let my firstborn son be anything but a king? You honestly thought I would let those brats born from whores sacrifice him? That shadow earth has made you soft and stupid. Malcor will be my right hand and will rule over New Pillar one day while you shall wander shadows with no eyes you and your damned trinkets!”
“You had the unfortunate luck of being born third Dainor,” Malcor spoke while standing slightly behind father as I brought myself to my feet and spoke, they woke the beast.
“I have close to another one hundred million creature army trained and I’m going to bring it down on your very heads! I will remove the keep of the universes stone by stone and fill in the damned mountain with rubble! You will belong to the dustbin of history just like that slave city I wish I had let you rot in Malcor!”
I have to admit I gave that little speech with some real venom and I think both of them were generally surprised by my ferocity. Regoron spoke trying to keep it together,
“No you will wander shadows of false realities.” He threw something at me that looked like the same thing used on me before to open a shadow portal. This time however I exploded it to dust in midair and stepped forward I knew the two of them together could probably take me down but they could not force me to a shadow I did not want to go to the way Layne had done years earlier I was beyond that now.
“What father, you don’t see my strength through Vigil? You’re blocked? Zahir stop blocking him and let Regoron see why he chose the wrong heir.”
I felt a probing from Regoron and Malcor too the curious bastard. I could have shocked him but I didn’t, let him see my power also. We had a good chuckle when Regoron saw what he was now facing in me his face dropped and I smiled as it turned white. I’m not quite sure Malcor was able to believe it he just couldn’t see how his younger brother could know all these things and secret ways in magic that he had never even heard of before.
“Well…” Regoron said after a moment of awkward silence facing one another. “It seems we’re at an impasse.” 
“No we’re not I told you I had no interest in the throne and it was the truth. I think enough family members have died for that chair. I’m leaving to explore and see if New Pillar really is the one true reality or if that’s yet another lie. Goodbye father, Malcor.” With that said I popped out of there and back to one of my mountain strongholds on another world surrounded by a loyal army of mine. My troops cheered as I returned and I gave them a wave before heading inside. I think I may have done something no one ever has, I shamed Regoron. I’m pretty sure my little speech made both he and Malcor feel like idiots and raving lunatics which of course they are. Maybe living in that nexus too long where the universes come together keeps my family insane. I was hoping my speech made them feel bad enough to leave me alone at least for a little while. 
I had to make a decision now. Shadow watcher, shadow caller and Varv were all communicating their input through Zahir who would relay their unhappiness to me. I sat in my study wishing my father had not been Avery as I browsed a book on new world conquests I was struck with an idea for maintaining my large army in the long term while holding off invading New Pillar itself. Since the invasion of New Pillar and the keep of the universes had been delayed inevitably I would use the army in other shadows for practice.
My plan would take many years to come to fruition but in the end I would end up ruling New Pillar anyway through sheer numbers. It’s just going to be another shadow coming from the universe I’m going to create as my own. First I found an uninhabited shadow planet and made a little call through Zahir using both shadow watcher and shadow caller summoning what was by that point in time 84,316,122 soldiers who had all completed their basic training and indoctrination and were beginning to specialize. New recruitment was suspended while the new inhabitants of the planet setup military rule to my satisfaction. I spoke to all of them through the shadow devices telepathically,
“This is your God Dainor my soldiers you have been taken to a new planet to militarize it properly and begin expanding and invading all surrounding areas until Dainor is worshipped properly.” They all began cheering they think I’m their God so I don’t disappoint them I play the role. They don’t know that they will be moving through parallel universes sometimes called shadows and they don’t need to know. They only need to be good and obedient soldiers. It’s a little easier to make a loyal soldier when they think they’re fighting literally for their God and they can see and hear him too. I was surprised at myself though that there wasn’t a burning anger in my chest for revenge as there had been before. Maybe it’s because I left on my own terms showing both my older brother Malcor and my father Regoron that Dainor is back completely and with more power than ever.
“And ego,” Zahir whispered and snickered with Varv.
“Quiet you.”
I am going to build my black hole machine I decided my world collector. How else could one build their own universe through their own personal big bang? I set about making the necessary calculations on a quantum mechanical level in shadow creating a mirror about the size of a dinner plate. When I was done I attached this to Zahir on my arm making it invisible and part of my magic forever. I was shocked it only took me two days to build and that I knew exactly how to build it. This fact scared Zahir.
“Do you know what this is Dainor?”
“Long version or short version?”
“Neither, I know what it is I just wanted to make sure you knew what you were doing by creating this.”
“I told you I’m going to create my own universe that is more real than anything even New Pillar.”
“Well I never thought it possible and I never thought I would say this in a serious way but with this device you’re definitely capable of doing just that. Still it will take an incredible amount of matter collection to be able to mature to its own big bang as they call it on that old shadow earth.”
“You should know never to underestimate me by now Zahir it’s going to work and it’s quite simple. I’m going to take this shadow mirror shall as I call it to a far off world where it won’t be disturbed and I will set it to collecting shadows and worlds from various dimensions, universes and realities. Imagine it filling this thing with actual time, space and matter until it must explode in its own big bang creating Dainor’s universe!”
“How long until it matures,” a gruff voice from the doorway interjected. The man standing in it was as large as the doorway and his wild hair was actually touching the top of the archway. I though it to be one of my soldiers from a world where they come extra large. I stood up to punish the bastard for eavesdropping when he took a step forward and I saw to my complete shock that it was Bartrum. My so called insane brother who ruled New Pillar for twelve years until our father Regoron took back the throne and supposedly killed the lunatic Bartrum in the process. Now I knew Regoron’s true nature to be worse than two faced and was more inclined to believe his so called enemies, now being one of them.
“Bartrum, is that really you?” I asked the huge man standing before me. He was in full armor with a giant mace slung across his back.
“Yes Dainor it’s me Bartrum,” he answered as I stood there shocked.
“They said you were dead,” I stammered.
“They said you were dead,” he answered.
We smiled and I asked,
“Tell me how you got here, what are you doing in my army?”
“I was hiding on a world that I thought was out f reach to anyone in the family especially dad when I heard it was you Dainor recruiting an army to take New Pillar I joined, simple. I knew I would get to talk to you alone eventually brother.” I sighed and wondered,
“What happened with New Pillar I mean I now know Regoron to be a liar but he had set you up as a madman he claimed he let you take over and rule New Pillar on purpose to let you indulge your insane fantasies of being king before taking it all back and killing you?”
He snickered and then went into a fully belly laugh before being able to speak,
“Is that what he told you and everyone else the old goat? He disappeared one day when he got some bug up his ass to go travel like he does only this time he never came back…for twelve years… in New Pillar time! Malcor was nowhere to be found the same for Layne or anyone else for that matter. You were said to be dead so I took up the duties of ruling in New Pillar and hated every second of it. Anyway to make a long story short dad came back one day out of nowhere with an army screaming how I’ve usurped the throne and killed his people and on and on so he banished me to a strange world and from there I just wandered around shadow knowing I could never return to New Pillar.”
“Damn Bartrum I’m sorry. I believe you completely now that I know where the true insanity lies in the family unfortunately real and true power lies with him also.”
I should have realized Regoron had lied to me about Bartrum but I trusted his word at the time. Zahir told me about Bartrum’s invisible arm protector and the face that he didn’t have one while we were talking. Regoron removed and destroyed it during his conquest and punishment of Bartrum when he returned to New Pillar.
“Bartrum, I want you to have this.”
I gave the command for Zahir to disengage and Varv to release from my arm. Then Varv hung in the air looking like a see through glowing hologram of metal, pretty cool looking actually.
“Put it on Bartram it is named Varv if you remember it. Now it is truly yours.”
Bartrum stepped forward almost in tears smiling as he slid his arm into Varv and it clasped on disappearing under his skin Bartram seemed to be genuinely pleased. 
“Varv doesn’t speak, at least his didn’t with me only with Zahir but maybe he will speak with you brother.”
He turned to me and put his massive hand on my shoulder suddenly I had flashbacks of him wrestling two or three of us at a time, his strength was legendary.
“ I know what it is like to be alone Bartrum and I know what it is like to be betrayed by those you think closest to you,” I said as he squeezed my shoulder some.
“I will follow your command now brother Dainor. You have given me my magical abilities back with Varv and family in yourself. You name it and it shall be done.”
“First I promote you to second in command of the whole army brother and as your first order you are to gather a guard and personally escort this shadow mirror to this shadow reality,” I said handing him both the coordinates and the mirror. “Contact me when it is in place so I can activate it,” I said as Bartrum nodded and hugged me saluting awkwardly afterward.
“Thank you Dainor,” he said very heartfelt and sincere before he left the room on his mission. I could already hear him barking orders out and damn it felt good to hear it again. My brother was never crazy he simply tried to do the right thing and our evil good for nothing father came back when he felt like it and destroyed his son’s life for no reason. No good deed goes unpunished as they used to say on my shadow earth of imprisonment. It would take the shadow mirror quite a long time to gather the necessary power to cut through reality and create my own universe.
“What do you plan in the meantime,” Zahir asked me.
“Something I haven’t done in forever…sleep.”
Once the shadow mirror was ready we would begin the move on Regoron until then we prepare by taking other realities. I sent Regoron a surprise spell through Zahir before sleeping; Zahir took control of Vigil for about ten seconds. Before I lay down to go to sleep I spoke the proper word and could see the scene of my father’s room before my eyes like on a movie screen. Regoron shot out of bed to find that Vigil had written a message in magical smoke hanging in the air before him and it said.
“I Dainor live and prepare, do you?”
I managed to see a few seconds of reaction and his facial expression was priceless as he began to turn red. That being my last bit of energy and entertainment for the day I think Regoron now understood I would return. Laughing a heavy weight descended on my eyelids and took me to sleep, soon…not yet but soon. 




















