


RECKLESS

BOOK 1 of the Mia Kazmaroff Mystery Series

Mia Kazmaroff has a gift nobody wants. She's able to tell the story behind any object simply by touch. It’s a gift that comes in handy when her only brother, a detective in the Atlanta Major Crimes Division is murdered. Determined to find his killer, Mia reaches out to the one person in Atlanta she believes can help her—Dave’s ex-partner, Jack Burton.

Unfortunately, Burton is also the prime suspect.

Together, Mia and Jack create a partnership that breaks all the rules, skirts every law, and lobs as many sparks and landmines at each other as if they were adversaries–which half the time they are—all while attempting to ignore their undeniable mutual attraction.

Can two people so different—one intuitive and inexperienced, the other cynical and by-the-book—work together to solve the murder?  

And can they do it before the killer turns his attention to Mia?

Copyright 2014 by San Marco Press. All rights reserved.

Published by San Marco Press at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Reckless

Book 1 of
The Mia Kazmaroff Mysteries


Susan Kiernan-Lewis

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Acknowledgements
About the Author
Next in the series




Chapter 1

The brick wall in front of Mia appeared to be moving on its own accord. She let out a long breath and felt her horse tense beneath her. Wasn’t deep breathing supposed to make her mount more relaxed? A light sheen of sweat popped out on Mia’s brow.
Knock it off, Mia! He won’t relax unless you do!
She knew she was transferring her nerves to him. And all the breath blowing and mind-controlling exercises were exactly bullshit right now as the two of them trotted to the first coop in the long line of higher and higher fences.
Anyone else would notice the perfect autumn day, sunny with a light chill, the kind of day that the foothills of north Georgia were famous for. If her guts weren’t all tangled up in knots, Mia would probably be able to detect the light tang of barbecue in the air, mixed with the scent of burning leaves.  
Somewhere in a far off place in her mind she heard the public address system squawking. She heard her name being mangled as she was introduced.
“Mia Kazmaroff riding Shiloh, a sixteen-hand mixed-breed in the center ring.”
Screw you, she thought, blowing out hard again and gripping the reins tightly. She knew she’d written thoroughbred cross on the registration form.
Her legs closed around Shiloh and she felt him quiver beneath her like a strummed bowstring.
Not good.
She glanced at the other riders lining the white slat fence, waiting their turns. Without exception, they were all in their mid to late teens. Mia suddenly felt idiotic attempting to compete with them at the overly ripe old age of twenty-eight. What was she thinking? Was there a point to this? It was supposed to be fun. When had it started to matter?
Her hands felt sweaty in her gloves. At least Shiloh couldn’t feel that. But everything else…oh, yeah, he was picking up on everything else in spades.
She tried to block out the movement of the crowd as it milled about on both sides of the outdoor arena. Her mother was there somewhere—and probably Dave. He’d promised he’d come but whether or not he actually would…
The crowd was clapping now as she trotted toward the line of fences. Most of the people attending the gymkhana probably weren’t even looking at her. They were too busy at the concession stand or fussing with their own horses, or seeing to their trailers parked in the adjoining pasture. She knew there wasn’t anyone really focused on how she performed in this set.
Bring it down a notch, she chided herself. 
To prove to herself she was in control, Mia leaned over and gave Shiloh a confidant pat on the neck. He was a good horse, steady as they came and not shy in any way. Her perfect horse, her mother had told her more than once. Always rock solid when Mia was all nerves and emotion.
Stop it! Stop telling yourself that!
The fences and walls were lined up directly in front of her. They were nearly identical to the ones she’d jumped hundreds of times at her barn where she boarded Shiloh.  
Do, it Shiloh, she said. Take me there, boy.  
Leaning forward in the saddle to give him his head, she tightened her calves around his sides to urge him out of the trot. His stride stretched into a canter, immediately self-correcting to adopt the right lead although she’d forgotten to ask him for it. She tried to force her stomach to relax into the rocking chair gait. 
Remember when this used to be fun?
Just do one lap around the warm-up ring, she thought, trying to unclench her fingers from his reins, and then go for it.
She let him carry her, languid and easy, down the long line of spectators toward and then past the first fence, and then rode him back to the beginning, staring down the barrel of the eight waiting fences.
That was the moment the thought came into her head as fast as an adder’s strike.
I am not ready for this.
But Shiloh was already moving. Watching the jump as it came ever closer, Mia forgot to count his strides, forgot to move out of the saddle for the lift off, forgot to give him the extra rein as he stretched his neck. 
In her mind, it was almost as if she were watching from the sidelines. Mia saw herself on Shiloh as they rushed forward. She saw Shiloh stop sharply in front of the fence, the grassy clods beneath his hooves coughing up chunks of red Georgia clay, and she saw herself pitch headfirst over the jump, her hands flailing in the air to reconnect with the reins that had been jerked out of her hands. The audio backdrop of the crowd’s intake of horror—and one lone scream from the woman who loved her—filled her head and all her senses as she was finally flung free of her fears.

***
Jack Burton tossed his cell phone onto the desk a little more forcefully than was absolutely necessary. The other detective, Elliott Johnson, sitting two desks away in the bullpen of the Atlanta Police Department Detective Squadron looked up at the noise.
“Wrong number?”
Burton looked at him and grimaced. “Something like that. Working out the end game with Diane.”
Johnson got up with his coffee mug and approached Burton’s desk. “Normally that’s the kinda BS you do when there’s kids involved,” he said. “Thought this was a slam dunk.”
Burton ran a hand through his hair. It had been a longer than usual shift. His partner, Dave Kazmaroff, had taken the afternoon off for some kind of family bullshit and then called to say his sister was in an accident and he’d be in late tomorrow.
 “Yeah, I thought so, too,” Burton said.
“What is it? Money?” Johnson slurped his coffee.
“What else?”
Burton stood up, effectively ending the budding chat fest with Johnson. He liked the guy okay. Big black dude, new on the squad but pulled his own weight.  
Johnson shrugged and moved back to his desk. “You hear what happened to Dave’s sister?” he said over his shoulder.
“No,” Burton said, scooping up his cellphone and jamming it into his blazer’s breast pocket. “Just that she’d been in an accident.”
“You going to the hospital?”
Burton looked up at the detective in confusion. “Hospital?”
“The one where his sister was taken.”
“What the hell for?” He stared at Johnson long enough to receive a look of reproof. He felt his annoyance bloom into full-on anger. “I’m glad you’re fitting in so well here, Elliott,” he said, spitting out the words. “But I don’t have the same kind of bromance with Kazmaroff that you have with Henderson. I appreciate how alike the two of you are, and don’t get me wrong, I’m glad for you…”
“Whatever, man,” Johnson said, sitting back in his seat.
Burton was pretty sure he heard him mutter asshole as Burton stalked past him to the door. He hadn’t made it to the elevator before his phone was vibrating again. He stepped onto the elevator and squinted at the screen, cursing the fact that he practically needed damn reading glasses now just to see who was calling him. It was Diane again. He hit Decline on the screen and pushed the phone back into his pocket.
“Your fan club?”
Burton looked up to see Deputy Chief Maxwell’s wife, Carol, standing in the corner of the elevator. He was surprised. If she were here to see her husband she’d just missed her stop.
“Hardly,” he said, hoping his grimace looked close enough to a smile for her. Carol was trouble and everyone on the force knew it. Maxwell’s second wife, she’d been responsible for him losing the first one—who’d been worth ten of Carol in Burton’s opinion—and Burton hadn’t seen the man in a good mood for five minutes since.
She stepped out of the shadows and he could see she was dressed to go out to dinner. Her jacket was nipped tightly at the waist over a dress with a plunging neckline. Carol had plenty to fill that neckline and she wasn’t above letting a good deal of it flow over either.
Burton felt a quickening in his groin that heralded the betrayal of his body over his mind. He turned and jabbed the ground floor button.
“In a hurry, Jack?” Carol purred.
He could feel her coming to stand too close to him. Her perfume was light and floral—the opposite of her, he thought. If the doors opened right now, even though he was facing away from her, it wouldn’t look good. He reached into his jacket as if looking for something, effectively nudging her away with his elbow.
“Ouch, big fellow,” she said teasingly, taking a half step back. “You really fill a space, don’t you? Not that I’m complaining.”
The comment wasn’t much on the face of it. It was the way she said it that made Burton feel like he’d just been propositioned. Hell, maybe he had. He continued to pat down his coat pockets.  
“Well, this is my stop,” he said as the doors opened onto the lobby. “Take care of yourself, Carol.” He nodded in her direction without looking at her and bolted through the open doors.
In the lobby, he caught a glimpse of Bill Maxwell going through security. Burton remembered Maxwell had started as a detective doing undercover in youth and sex crimes. 
Careful not to catch Maxwell’s attention, Burton flipped up his collar and hurried out the front door of the Atlanta Police Department headquarters onto Spring Street. It was a beautiful fall day in Georgia. The late afternoon sun mingled with the chill in the air. It was the kind of day, if you had leaves to rake or a backyard football game to organize, you pretty much were thanking God you lived in Atlanta in October. 
Burton, however, wasn’t into any of that shit.
He jogged over to where his Jeep Cherokee was parked. Any weekend plans that might have involved the weather, and the desire for that weather to be good, had imploded six months ago when he and Diane decided to go their separate ways. Or rather, when Diane had decided. True enough, it had been a crap marriage for months, maybe even years, but Burton’s expectations obviously hadn’t been as high as Diane’s. He’d been genuinely shocked when she said she wanted out.
So why was the crazy bitch calling him now every hour on the hour?
As he pulled out into Atlanta afternoon rush hour traffic, the replay of Johnson’s face when Burton said he wouldn’t be going to visit Kazmaroff’s sister in the hospital came back to him.
That slimy, self-serving bastard, Kazmaroff. There was no doubt he had once again tried to derail Burton’s transfer request. Just thinking about it ratcheted up Burton’s fury as he clutched the steering wheel.
Why the hell? He hates me as much as I hate him. The only reason to try to roadblock the transfer is the pleasure the bastard gets from screwing with me!
Just shy of one year as partners and now he and Kazmaroff had the distinction of creating the record for most cases solved in any year. No wonder Maxwell didn’t want to break them up.
But he’d be damned if he’d go sit at his sister’s bedside like he gave a shit about anyone or anything connected to that asshole.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw an SUV in the parking lot of the one of the ubiquitous jiffy marts that pocked midtown Atlanta. He’d always wondered if anyone actually shopped there. Mostly, as far as he could tell, they were just places where drug dealers met up. Today, he saw a guy standing outside an SUV, the back passenger door open. The guy had a long lead line wrapped around his arm.
Before he even knew he was doing it, Burton swerved into the northern quadrant of the parking lot. It was probably nothing. But his hunches were almost always based on something odd and hard to explain. And there was something about how the guy was standing by the open door that looked definitely odd.
Burton put the Jeep into park and watched the guy through his rear view mirror. Suddenly a kid—about ten, white, middle-class, good clothes, good haircut—appeared from out of the front passenger side of the car. He was moving like he was on fire or being chased.
What the hell? Burton’s hand was on his door handle as he watched. Was the kid going to run into traffic? Burton glanced around the parking lot. A few homeless men were looking on with mild interest but there didn’t seem to be anybody chasing the kid. Burton opened his car door and when he did his driver’s side mirror caught the guy with the rope in full view and Burton saw the rope was really a long leash attached to a small white dog.
And the guy was kicking it.
Burton was out of the car at a run, not bothering to shut the door. The surrounding audio suddenly cranked up where he could hear the roar of the heaviest traffic day of the week over the boy’s pleading, tear-choked voice and the terrified yelps of the dog as the guy’s foot connected with it.
For reasons Burton would never be able to explain later, when he grabbed the jerk by the shirtfront and twisted him around for the first punch, all he saw was Dave Kazmaroff’s laughing face.

***
Mia opened her eyes in an effort to make him stop tapping on her wrist. She knew it was Dave. He used to do this irritating wrist-tapping thing in his annoying-big-brother way ever since she could remember. She didn’t like it then and she liked it even less now with a broken foot, two cracked ribs and a throbbing concussion.
“Stop it,” she said, narrowing her eyes at him. He sat hunched over the hospital bed, his arms draped around the bed railing like a drunk holding on for dear life. His clear blue eyes were already smiling at her before his lips were.
“Time to go, Sis,” he said softly. “Doc says you’re ready. Mom’s getting you checked out.”
“I thought I’d sleep a little more,” Mia said, turning her head from him and immediately regretting the movement. Thunder bolts of pain shot through her skull. She groaned.
“You okay?” Dave stood up and loomed over her like the angel of death ready to sweep her away to his evil kingdom.
“Just swell,” she said, closing her eyes again.
“Come on, Mia,” Dave said picking up her hand as if about to start tapping again. “Doc said you’re done and we need to get you home. Don’t you want to go home?”
She sighed. “You mean Mom’s home.”
“Someone’s gotta watch over you,” he said, disengaging the bed rail and pulling it down. She watched him, dreading the moment she’d have to actually sit up.
“Where’s Shiloh?”
“We shot him.”
“Very funny.” They’d already told her the last time she was conscious that Shiloh hadn’t fallen, just veered away from the jump—catapulting her over it first—and then trotted back to the fence line as if that was all that was expected of him.
Good ol’ Shiloh.
“He’s doing what all pasture pets do. Eating grass and costing you a grand a month.”
“You’re giving me a headache.”
“Wasn’t me that did that, either. Come on, swing your legs out. My job is to get your ass upright.”
“Fuck off.”
“Mia Kazmaroff!” Mia’s mother’s voice hit a shrill peak. “There is no justification for that kind of language. David, I blame you for this.”
“Kill me now,” Mia muttered and tried to pull the pillow over her face. She absorbed a muffled shriek as the pain of her broken ribs stabbed into her.
“Trust me, Ma, I didn’t teach her to cuss. So you got this? I’ll get the car.”
Mia opened up one eye to see her brother lean over and give their mother a quick kiss before fleeing the scene. Her mother turned to her. A small woman with unruly auburn hair that she kept perennially tied back in a dancer’s bun, Jess Kazmaroff had once been a uniquely beautiful woman. At sixty-five, her looks had abandoned her leaving her with a visage of wisdom and kindness etched on her face, something that Mia thought suited her better anyway.
“Darling, I know it hurts,” her mother said as she pulled the bed sheets back. “Let’s get you situated at home, all right? Come on, baby, let’s sit up.”
Might as well, Mia thought as she pulled herself to a sitting position and swung her legs out of bed.
“I’ll get your slippers. Don’t worry about your clothes.”
“I thought they cut them off me yesterday.”
“They did, dearest. That’s why you needn’t worry about them.”
Mia felt the beginning threat of a laugh in her diaphragm and she forced it away. “Dead puppies, dead puppies,” she said.
“What, dear?”
The look on her mother’s face undid her efforts. Mia grasped the bed railing as the first wave of laughter wracked her body and she screamed. “Don’t make me laugh!” she gasped, turning away from her mother’s startled expression.
She snatched her hand from the bed railing as if she’d been burned. She held her hand to her chest, not daring to look at her mother.
Jess took Mia’s hand and held it in her two warm ones. Neither of them spoke for a moment.
“Did you feel something?” her mother asked.
Mia eyed the wheel chair and pulled her hand away. “Don’t I always?”
“Is that what happened with Shiloh yesterday?” Her mother’s voice was steady and reasonable. If Mia didn’t know how upset her mother was when talking about Mia’s “gift,” she’d think she was perfectly calm. But that was a lie. Because Jess had the gift, too.
“I don’t know, Mom,” Mia said, edging off the bed to a standing position, careful to keep her cast well away from the floor. “Maybe.”
Jess moved under Mia’s arm to serve as a crutch to help her daughter to the wheel chair. “You still can’t control it,” she said, her voice low as if fearful someone might hear.
Mia concentrated on getting into the chair. She knew this conversation was coming. Had known it ever since she woke up yesterday in the hospital, broken and confused.
“It’s because you’re overthinking it,” her mother persisted. “You’ve become too sensitive to it.”
“Okay, Mom. Thanks,” Mia said, putting up as clear a Go No Further sign to her mother as she felt comfortable doing.
Jess pushed right past it.
“When you were young you used to go on instinct more, darling. That’s what you’ve forgotten how to do. You were picking up on Shiloh, weren’t you? I told you that you were too old for competitive riding.”
“Yes, you did.”
“Don’t be cross, Mia. You need to learn to control your gift or stop riding altogether.”
“What about driving a car, Mom? Or working a food processor? Where do I draw the line?”
“It’s worse with people and animals. More dangerous.”
“Can we not talk about this? I cannot tell you how bad my head hurts right now.”
“Of course, dear.” Her mother arranged Mia’s feet in the chair pedals and pulled a robe across her lap. She disengaged the brakes and stood behind Mia in the chair. “Plenty of time to talk about it when you’re home.”
The drive back to her mother’s house in Doraville was a quiet one. Dave lifted her out of the backseat of the Highlander and carried her up the steps to their mother’s one-level ranch. Mia and Dave had been raised in that house and when her mother unlocked the front door, Mia had to admit, the familiar fragrance of lemon and lavender, coupled with the sight of the sun’s rays pouring through the side patio French doors made her glad to be home.
Her brother settled her on the couch while Mia’s mother put the kettle on for tea—her go-to answer for every crisis in the Kazmaroff family. As Mia nestled into the fat floral cushions of the over-stuffed couch, she could see three silver framed photos on the side table. The largest was of her father and mother, both laughing and gazing at each other as if the moment would never end, as if Gaspar Kazmaroff wouldn’t be dead within six months, the victim of a drunk driver.
Mia turned away. It had been ten years and she still couldn’t look at a picture of her father without feeling waves of sadness and anger at having lost him so soon.
“You’ll stay for dinner, David?” Mia heard her mother’s voice, light but insistent, in the kitchen.
“Can’t, Ma. Work.”
“I didn’t think you worked the night shift,” her mother responded.
“Yeah, I don’t as a rule.”
“All right. Another time. Perhaps Sunday? For lunch?”
“Yeah, maybe.”
“We’ll plan on it then.”
“Sure, okay.”
Mia knew by how her brother was answering that he would be a no-show for Sunday. Her mother probably knew it too.
He came around the back of the couch and tugged playfully on a hanging tendril of her long, dark hair. “You gonna be okay, Mia?”
“Do you have to leave so soon?” Not that she didn’t love her brother’s company just for the sake of it, but she knew her mother would settle down to “fixing” Mia and her problem as soon as he left.
“Duty calls,” he said cheerfully.
Boy, that line covers a whole lot of bullshit, Mia thought. “Well, don’t get hurt in the line of it,” she said, wondering if it was anywhere near time for her pain meds.
“Tell you what,” he said, backing up toward the door, “once you get the hang of all that…” He waved a hand to indicate her on the couch, her leg propped up on the coffee table, “I’ll take you to lunch. How’s that?”
“By ‘get the hang of it,’ you mean be able to walk on my crutches?”
“I was gonna say go to the bathroom by yourself, but yeah, the crutches thing, too.” He grinned at her and she couldn’t help but smile back.
“Call me. I’ll be here,” she said, feeling the weariness of the day beginning to weigh on her.  Her hand fell back on the couch and touched the hard plastic casing of the remote control. Instantly, the smell and feel and sight of her father came roaring back into her mind. The essence of him was so real, so immediate that before she could block it from happening, her dad was on the couch with her, nodding goodbye to his only son.
She smiled woodenly at Dave’s retreating back and then turned to face her father, already beginning to ebb away.
“Mom,” she called, forcing her voice not to shake. “Dad’s here.”
Jess appeared in the doorway between the kitchen and the living room, a dishtowel in her hands. “Stop it, Mia,” she said. “Stop it this instance.”
“I wish I could, Mom,” Mia said, reaching out to touch the remote again as the image of her father began to fade. “Don’t you think I wish I could?”
 

Chapter 2

Carol Maxwell hated these luncheons that the department forced on the wives from time to time. As if she had a single thing in common with the redneck, uneducated other halves of Atlanta’s finest. She took a sip from her appletini and smiled at Trish Barnes across the table. The stupid cow was sipping an iced tea as if it were nectar from the gods, looking as prim and dainty as a vicar’s wife.  
Trish smiled at her and bobbed her head. Carol assumed the bobbed head thing was what people from West Virginia did when they greeted each other in the street. The woman wasn’t homely but she wore so much makeup—literally caked on her face—that not only did it tidily dispel the whole vicar’s wife look she had going on, it made her look years older than her age. 
Trish was married to Keith Barnes, Dave Kazmaroff’s best friend. Not for the first time, Carol wondered what kind of secrets those two shared.
“Mind if I sit here?”
Carol looked up to see none other than Diane Burton standing next to her, a white wine spritzer in one manicured hand.
“Not at all,” Carol said, scooting her chair over to make room. Things had just gotten a little interesting. “I didn’t think you’d come,” she said forcing her face to look friendly to soften the words. It was all very well to get off a good zinger at a promising target but what was the point if it made the target clam up?
Diane sat down and let out a long breath as if just seating herself at the wives’ table had taken effort and courage.
Actually, Carol knew it had.
“I didn’t think I would, either.”
“You know the men never come to these things.”
“I know.”
“I say that because Jeff said he heard you’d been calling quite a lot.”
Diane took a sip of her wine. She was a beautiful woman, Carol noted. Blonde with fair features and full lips. Slim, too. Burton clearly had a thing for the cheerleader type. 
“If even Jeff’s heard it, it must be all over the precinct by now,” Diane said.
“Aren’t you two divorced?”
Diane smiled and set her wine glass down. “You know we are, Carol,” she said. “I’m just not sure we should be.”
“Gosh, Diane, rumor has it the whole thing was your idea. Is that not true?”
Rumor my ass. Everyone knew Burton caught Diane in flagrante with their effing lawn boy. Kid couldn’t have been eighteen years old. When confronted, the silly woman insisted she was in love and demanded a divorce.
“I made a mistake.”
“Jack not returning your calls?” Carol forced herself to appear caring and interested.
“No. But I was thinking maybe you could help me.”
“Anything, Diane. What can I do?” Just don’t ask me to try to get him in the sack because, angel, I’ve tried for months. It’d be easier to get a water buffalo to serve afternoon tea.
 “Could you talk to him for me? Tell him I was having emotional problems? I can give him the number of my therapist. Would you tell him that?”
Carol felt the pleasure of the exchange begin to wane. The stupid woman looked so hopeful and yet so desperate, it just wasn’t fun anymore. “Diane,” she said, signaling to the waiter to bring her another drink, “did it ever occur to you that there was a reason you were so unhappy that you…ended the marriage? Do you really think jumping back in is the answer? Is that what you’re therapist is saying?” Crackpots, all of them. Say whatever they need to say to keep you coming and writing checks.
“No, Carol, it wasn’t Jack. I had some issues I had to work out…is all.”
Okay, I’m not going to touch that one. Just nod sagely, Carol, and keep thy lips sealed.
“Will you talk to him for me, please?”
“Sure, Diane. If you really want me to.” The thought of ‘helping out’ poor Diane by climbing into bed with her ex brought a sudden smile to Carol’s lips. Maybe the indirect approach would work better with Jack anyway. She caught the waiter’s eye and pointed to Diane’s drained wine glass.
Life is so much more fun when you have an engaging project to fill your time, she thought, smiling in pleasant anticipation.

***
The call had come in at seven that morning. Burton knew it was coming, of course. From his desk he had a direct sightline to the elevators where he watched Maxwell disembark and lumber toward his office at the end of the hall. There weren’t many people in the office this early, a few finishing up the night shift is all.
Might as well get it over with. Maxwell wasn’t going to be any easier after his cup of coffee. And Jack had things to do today. He stood up, straightened his tie and wrestled into his blazer before walking to Maxwell’s office and rapping on the door. He entered before the man had a chance to tell him to come in.
 As a rule, Burton never sat down in Maxwell’s office.  Even in the best of times, he didn’t like to make meetings last longer than they had to. And this wasn’t the best of times. 
Not even close. 
He crossed his arms and leaned against the doorjamb.
Deputy Chief William Maxwell leaned across the desk to tap his nameplate with a pencil. A large man, he’d spent so many years in lean, optimum physical shape in his life that he had real trouble accepting his new body image. The brawn that had stretched out between his shoulder blades now sagged below his belt. In a way, the extra bulk was just as intimidating behind a desk as it had been solid and well-cut on two feet.
“You see this, Burton?” he said, tapping the metal nameplate at the edge of his desk. “This is the line of demarcation where the bullshit stops. You understand?”
“Whatever you say, sir.”  
Burton noticed there was only one framed photo on Maxwell’s desk. It was a formal portrait of his daughter—looked to be about ten years old. Burton knew the girl graduated from high school last year and that Maxwell and his first wife didn’t get along. Maybe the poor bastard wasn’t able to get a more recent picture of his own kid.
“You know I gotta suspend you, right?” Maxwell said, rifling through a folder on his desk. “Oh, there’ll be an IA investigation. Count on it. The bastard is suing the department.”
“I barely hit him.”
“He looked like you ran him over with his own SUV. Says you stole his dog on top of it.”
“How long is the suspension for?”
“Until the suit is dropped or IA finds you did not use undue force.” The deputy chief snatched up a folder and peered at it. “What did you stop him for? A tail light?”
“Yes sir,” Burton said. “He had a busted tail light.” And two broken ribs and one cracked jaw after Burton finished with him. Burton didn’t regret a single punch. Just remembering the look on that kid’s face as he held the whimpering dog ensured that.
“And the transfer’s on hold, too.”
A muscle in Burton’s jaw flinched but he forced himself to shrug. “Like it was ever seriously considered.”
“Why you two morons can’t sort this out between you during the thousands of hours you spend in each other’s company, I’ll never understand.”
Burton knew Maxwell wasn’t interested in trying to understand. He wasn’t about to break up his most successful partnership. “You can transfer me to another division,” Burton said. “SWAT, narcotics, sex crimes, I don’t care.”
“You’re a homicide detective.”
“I can be anything.”
“Right now it seems what you are is a candidate for anger management.”
 “Let me transfer, or I’ll quit.”
“Son, you have fifteen years on the force. I oughta send you to the department shrink even for saying that. Only a lunatic would give up this close to a pension.”
Funny. That’s exactly how I feel. Like a fucking lunatic. 
Maxwell continued, raising his voice. “I need a better reason to break up a partnership than just two guys don’t share the same eye shadow choices.”
“There is no partnership,” Jack said. “There never was.”
“Well, whatever it is,” Maxwell said, “it works and I need it to continue to work. Transfer request denied. Check your weapon in at Discipline Authority. You’re suspended until further notice.”
Burton turned to leave.
“And Jack?”
Burton stopped but didn’t turn.
“While you’re away, make a serious effort to get a grip, will you?”

The first person Burton saw when he opened the door to exit Maxwell’s office was Dave Kazmaroff, lounging on one of the desks outside. Waiting for him.
“You want away from me that bad, Jack, you’d flush your pension? There’s something wrong with you, man.”
Burton shoved past Kazmaroff to move toward his desk. He expected the suspension, in fact, he actually welcomed it. He wouldn’t say every day with Kazmaroff as his partner had been hell but it had come close.
Kazmaroff followed him. “You put that guy in the ER over a busted tail light? What are you now, Psycho Traffic Cop? What the hell, Jack?”
Burton felt the anger drain away as he pulled open his desk drawer and collected the items he’d need while he was at home. He patted his shirt pocket for his cell phone and glanced at his wristwatch. 
Kazmaroff stood in front of Burton’s desk. “If you really want out that bad, I’ll talk to Maxwell for you.”
Burton looked up from his desk, startled. “Why would you do that?”
“Look, man, I don’t hate you. If you want out so bad...”
“If you’re trying to make this about me…”
“It is about you, Jack. It’s always been about you. I was one hundred percent ready to pull alongside you. I think somewhere down deep you know that. When I saw it wasn’t going to happen, sure, I stuck a few burs under your saddle, I ain’t gonna lie. Someone hates me for no reason, I say screw ‘em.”
“Big speech, Dave.” Burton turned away, heading toward the coatrack in the hall leading toward the exit. It was early morning and most of the other detectives were beginning to file in.
“Tell me one part of it that isn’t the truth,” Kazmaroff said.
“How about we just didn’t mesh?” Burton said over his shoulder, feeling the weariness of the emotional sparring. “Not everybody’s a good match.”
“That is such bullshit,” Kazmaroff said heatedly. “You hated me from the start.”
“Hate is a pretty strong word.”
“And what the fuck did I ever do to you? I remind you of a frat brother who stole your girl back in college?”
Burton stood holding his jacket and shook his head. “Just saying shit like that is reason enough. I can’t explain it. Not even going to try.”
“You know what? You are gonna try. You think just by being an ass wipe you can get away with this crap.”
“What the hell you talking about? You said you were happy to be rid of me.”
“Yeah, well, I want closure first.”
“Oh, give me a break. Do you need to change your tampon first?”
Kazmaroff ignored him and held up a hand. “You and me—one night—and two bottles of Wild Turkey.”
“This is exactly the kind of asinine shit that drives me crazy about you. If we’re parting ways, what difference does it make?”
“It makes a difference to me.”
“Why? Because you can’t stand knowing there’s one person in this world who doesn’t like you?”
“That’s right, Jack. Bingo. You nailed it. So is it a deal? You come out with me tonight and I’ll go straight to Maxwell and beg him to transfer you. One guys-night-out and you never have to swap theories or chase down leads or follow up clues with me ever again.”
“One night for an eternity of freedom from your self-absorbed yammering? I’m in.”
“I have a dinner date first but I should be done around ten. I’ll meet you at Johnny’s Hideaway at ten-thirty.”
“Won’t that put a dent in your after-dinner plans?”
“Thanks for the concern but I have it covered. We’re talking an all-nighter here, Jack. One that I fully expect will turn us from department adversaries into benign non-enemies. Might even make you change your mind about the transfer.” 
“I can’t believe I’m bothering to do this.” 
“Could be the start of something beautiful.”
Kazmaroff left the office, and somehow Burton felt a bit of the burden he’d carried all morning go with him. Was it just the idea that he’d finally be able to transfer out of the department, and into a new partnership with someone else, or was Kazmaroff himself partly the reason for the lift in his mood? Was it possible the guy might be bearable if Burton weren’t under the gun to be with him day after day? Maybe the things that drove him crazy about him during their daily round wouldn’t be noticeable if they no longer shared a daily round?  
For the first time since he began working with the man, Burton realized Kaz hadn’t pissed him off too bad this morning. In fact, he’d been as close to likable as Burton ever remembered him being.
While that might not be enough for a long-term partnership it would probably work just fine for an all-night boozer with the guy.  
Feeling more optimistic about his career than he had in a long time, Burton worked the rest of the day clearing up paperwork on his most recent case with Kazmaroff—and possibly his last—and went upstairs to Personnel to surrender his badge, and his weapon to the APD Discipline Authority before heading home to catch an early dinner and a nap before meeting Kazmaroff at Johnny’s. No sense opening himself up to endless jabs of ridicule by falling asleep or yawning before they ended their boys night out. He turned off the bedroom light and set his smart phone to ring at nine. 
He had no idea how long he’d been asleep when the phone on his nightstand vibrated. It wasn’t the alarm, though, someone was calling. He snatched it up and peered into the screen. It was Maxwell.
“What’s up, sir?”
“You in bed? It’s not nine o’clock yet.”
“I was napping,” Burton said, sitting up and rubbing his face. “Is it a case?”
“Get in here,” Maxwell said. “It’s Kazmaroff. His sister found him in his apartment an hour ago.”
“Found him? What do you mean found—”
“His body, Jack. She found his dead body. Just get in here. Now.” The line disconnected. Jack sat staring at the phone in his hand until his eyes strayed to the chair in the room where he’d laid out his corduroy slacks and blazer for the evening at Johnny’s.
 

Chapter 3

“He wasn’t answering his phone.”
“And that’s why you went to his apartment?”
Mia nodded and rubbed her bare arms as if to warm them. As if she would ever feel warm again. “It wasn’t like him to stand me up. I thought maybe he’d fallen asleep.”
“What time was he supposed to pick you up?”
“Seven.”
“And what time did you drive over to his apartment?”
“Eight.”
“And you let yourself in with your key when he didn’t answer the door?”
Mia nodded again, forcing herself to remember the feeling of standing on Dave’s doorstep, her ankle throbbing as she leaned on her crutch. She knew he was there. She knew it standing at the door. It was when she touched the doorknob…
She hadn’t been surprised to find all the lights on in his place when she entered. Dave was careful about turning his lights off when he wasn’t home. But of course she knew he was home. 
No, it wasn’t the lights being on that had set her hair on end and made her start to shake.
 That had happened the moment she touched the doorknob. 
“Miss Kazmaroff?”
Mia dragged her attention back to the detective sitting in her mother’s living room. He was a black man with a kind face. She didn’t know many of Dave’s workmates. She’d heard him complain about Burton, of course, but had only seen him a scant few times—a company picnic, a funeral for a fallen brother…Her eyes shifted to the man’s jacket pocket as if expecting to see a name tag.  
“I’m sorry,” she said. She heard a noise coming from one of the bedrooms. Her mother was looking for photos for the memorial video. Jess was strong. She’d leave her tears for stolen private moments.  
“I was asking if you’d been in contact with your brother earlier today.”
She took a long breath. Dear God. Was the day not over yet? Was it really still just today? Today where she put on her best skirt over her walking cast, where she drew eyeliner on for the first time in a month? Was it really the same day she’d waited in this living room for her brother to show before snatching up the car keys and heading out to his place? 
“I got a text from him,” she said, her stomach roiling at the memory that he’d been alive then. “You’ve got my phone.” She looked at the detective. Had she met him before? If they already knew Dave texted her this afternoon, why was he asking her? Were they really so clueless they thought she was a suspect?
As if reading her mind, the detective tucked his notepad away in his breast pocket. “I can have someone drop it back to you tomorrow,” he said, standing up. “Meanwhile I’m very sorry for your loss.”
“Your loss, too,” she said.
He hesitated. “Yes, of course,” he said. “Everybody loved Dave. It’s a terrible loss for the department.”
Except everybody didn’t love Dave, Mia thought. She knew at least one person who definitely didn’t love him.

***
Burton stepped over the shards of a broken vase and into the bedroom. He’d never been in Kazmaroff’s condo. No reason why he would. He wasn’t surprised to see it looked like a Pottery Barn showroom. 
Guess I can’t give the poor bastard a break even after he’s dead, he thought. The medical examiner, Karen Sanders, knelt next to the bed where Kazmaroff’s nude body was. She looked up and nodded as Burton entered the room.
Two techs were dusting and photographing the room. Burton could hear the low buzz of conversation out in the hallway as neighbors were being questioned. He caught a glimpse of Maxwell in the adjoining bathroom and found a kernel of irritation growing in his gut.
Why isn’t he leaving it to the techs to process? Idiot probably isn’t even wearing gloves.
“No signs of foul play,” the ME said into the small recorder clipped to her lab coat.
Burton went to the bed, hating himself for looking, knowing it was his job to do exactly that. He wasn’t prepared for the feeling—like a punch in the solar plexus—when he looked down at Kazmaroff, the man he couldn’t wait to get rid of, the man who pushed his buttons like nobody else could—to realize a sudden, shuddering sense of loss. He put a hand out to steady himself against the wall.
“You okay, Jack?” Karen hadn’t looked in his direction but she was attuned enough to him, to her environment, to know when something was wrong.
“When?” he asked gruffly. “When did he die?”
“Looks like three to four hours,” she said.
That put time of death right around seven o’clock. When was his dinner engagement? And with whom?  
“Could it be an overdose?”
“Won’t know until the tox screen,” Karen said, standing up and stripping off her gloves. She nodded to one of the medical techs who leaned over the bed and rolled the body toward him. Jack cringed and looked away. “But it looks natural at this point. I’ll know more tomorrow after the autopsy.”
“Natural? He was thirty-five years old.”
“Maybe he had a bad heart.”
“Yeah, maybe.”
“Or an allergy to something.”
“But you don’t think it’s suspicious?”
Karen was packing up her medical bag. She was a few years older than he but she’d kept her looks. A head of cropped, curly hair, freckles and a slight overbite gave her a youthful air. Burton thought Karen would always pretty much qualify for the description “cute,” no matter what her age. They’d fallen into bed once right after his divorce. Neither of them ever referred to the incident again so Burton assumed they both agreed it had been a mistake.
“Isn’t that your job?” She smiled when she said it but her face showed an unusual weariness across her features.
“That you, Burton?” Maxwell barked as he filled the doorway between the bedroom and the bathroom.
Burton watched the techs wrap Kazmaroff’s body and prepare the gurney next to the bed. “Yeah, it’s me,” he said.
“Happy day for you.”
Burton jerked his head up to look into his deputy chief’s eyes. 
“Dave’s bad luck just turned into a whole new career opportunity for you,” Maxwell said, jerking his latex gloves off with a series of quick snaps.
“Fuck you, Maxwell.”
“I’m not sure I heard you, Burton,” Maxwell said, a look of astonishment on his face as he slowly approached the detective. “But I think I heard enough to make it stick in an Internal Affairs investigation. Better yet, Peterson!” One of the med techs turned to look at him. “You hear what Burton said to me?”
The tech looked at Burton and back at Maxwell in confusion.
“I’ll make it easy for you, Maxwell,” Burton said. “I said go fuck yourself.”
“You got some kind of career death wish, Burton?”
“And I’ll make it easy on IA, too.” Burton turned to follow behind the gurney as the techs carried Kazmaroff’s body out of the apartment. “I quit.”
Maxwell stepped forward to cut Burton off. “Under the circumstances, I’ll assume you’re distraught,” he said, his eyes boring holes into Burton’s.  “So I’m gonna ignore it this time.”
Burton’s breath was caught so tight in his chest he didn’t think he could speak for lack of oxygen. “What am I even doing here? I’m suspended, remember? If it is murder, you got nobody in homicide can find their ass with both hands.”
“Which is why you’re here, Jack.”
Burton scanned Kazmaroff’s bedroom. Was it murder? Did Dave just die naturally? Why was he naked? Why was there nothing on his bedside table? No glass, no pills, just a cellphone—now in a plastic bag.
He edged past Maxwell on his way out of the apartment. “If it’s ruled suspicious,” he said over his shoulder, “I’ll stay long enough to work the case.”
 “Damn right, you will, Detective,” Maxwell yelled after him. “I’m talking to you, Burton. You owe the man that much. You hear me?”
Burton heard him. All the way down the hall and into the elevator that would take him to the street and out into the world where he could breathe again. Somehow he still heard him.
***
The funeral was attended by every detective in Major Crimes. David Kazmaroff was laid to rest on a sunny but cold day in late October. Mia stood next to her mother, both holding on to each other in a brave alliance against the chill and the pain of their loss. Mia didn’t know which of them was trembling more. She locked her knees so as not to be the one to bring them both down in an undignified tangle of legs and pumps.
Her mother had been so businesslike for the week since Dave’s death; arranging the funeral, putting together the memorial video of Dave as a toddler, Dave as an Eagle Scout, Dave as a new police recruit, doing all the painful, necessary tasks. She organized the influx of casseroles and cakes, giving most of them away to the Atlanta Food Bank and the homeless shelters.
Mia looked across the open grave as the coffin was lowered into it and saw the city’s finest lined up in a final salute to her brother. The deputy chief stood front and center in full blue regalia, flanked on both sides by the detectives who had worked with Dave. They were all in uniform, their hats pulled low over their faces, obscuring their eyes as they watched the proceedings. She looked to see which one was Burton. He hadn’t come to give his condolences but that hadn’t surprised her.
Deputy Chief Maxwell visited the house that morning to explain how the funeral would be managed, the route through Midtown to Oakland Cemetery, and to say they had concluded the case and labeled it death by natural causes.
Mia scanned the line of detectives standing at attention before her now.
Death by natural causes.
Just thinking of it made her heart pound in her throat with impotence and fury.
My brother didn’t just take his clothes off and lay down and die one afternoon.
Her mother shook Mia’s arm and she realized she’d been squeezing Jess’s hand. She took a breath and focused on Dave. This was his day. His final day. Her eyes blurred with tears. 
Goodbye, Dave. I love you and I promise I’ll find out who did this.
Within minutes, he was gone and the crowd started to break up. They’ve paid their respects, she thought. They’re ready to enjoy whatever’s left of a beautiful autumn day.
Mia jammed her crutches under her arms and swiveled away from her mother toward the exiting detectives.
“Excuse me, Deputy Chief Maxwell!” she called out. She heard her mother’s gasp behind her.
Maxwell looked at her as she hobbled toward him on her crutches but his face was unreadable. She was surprised to see the rest of the detectives remained to stand by him.
They take care of their own, she thought. All except for Dave, of course.
“Deputy Chief,” she said, trying to catch her breath as she positioned herself in front of him.
“Miss Kazmaroff,” he said. Now that she was close enough, she could see that Keith, Dave’s best friend, stood to the deputy chief’s immediate left along with the black guy who’d questioned her after she discovered Dave’s body. To his right was a tall, broad-shouldered guy whom she pegged as Burton. She went straight to him and jabbed him in the chest with her index finger, making him take a step back in surprise.
“Why are you even here? Getting ready to dance on his grave?”
Burton opened his mouth to speak but Mia turned back to Maxwell who was motioning his men to leave. “Death by natural causes is bullshit,” Mia said to him. “I was there. I felt it!”
“Mia! Stop this now.” Her mother’s voice came to her strident and shrill.
“I’m so sorry for your loss,” Maxwell said to Mia. “It’s been a difficult week for all of us and especially Dave’s loved ones.”
Suddenly, Mia turned and grabbed Burton by the arm, knocking her crutch to the ground in the process. He held her elbow to keep her from falling and she placed both hands on his chest.
“Mia!” her mother called. “Come away from there this minute!”
The rush of guilt and sadness that shot through her fingertips from where she touched him sent shock waves up her arms. She couldn’t let go and she couldn’t bear the sensation another moment. 
“It was you,” she said, looking into Burton’s eyes, just before the sky darkened and swirled into a maelstrom of nausea and silence.


Chapter 4

Jess sat in the passenger’s side of the Toyota Highlander with her hands in her lap. The sun was sagging in the sky over the horizon. From where Jess sat, she could see the long sweep of the pastures all around her, the horizon a long wavy line of scrub brush and Georgia pine.
Today is the day I buried my son. 
The words crept up her throat and grabbed her, pinching into her so she couldn’t swallow. She knew not to close her eyes. Eliminating one sensory outlet only intensified all the others.
One in particular.
She gripped her hands together, feeling the bones of her fingers as fragile as chicken bones.
The only thing she didn’t react to by touch was herself. She’d have to ask Mia if it was the same for her. Keeping her hands to herself meant they weren’t picking up feelings and stories from every single inanimate object in her immediate surroundings. Once again, she forced herself to stare out at the fields of the horse farm.
She didn’t blame Mia for the outbreak at the funeral. She was angry and frustrated. Their beautiful boy was taken from them and his so-called friends and colleagues, the ones he should have counted on to take care of him, had just walked away. She heard them as they left the funeral, without the sense or propriety to quell their laughter and loud voices for long enough to get out of earshot. And what were they doing today, I wonder? With the rest of a beautiful autumn afternoon off with pay?
Out of the corner of her eye she saw Mia, still in her funeral dress and kitten heels, lead her horse out of the pasture and through the gates to the tack barn. Leave it to Mia to insist on getting rid of her beloved horse and say goodbye to her brother on the same day. Not to mention fainting not two hours earlier. If Dave’s partner hadn’t caught her, Mia would’ve tumbled right into the open grave. 
Sometimes Jess thought Mia was determined to make everything as difficult as possible.
When Mia led the horse through the gate, the doors of an SUV parked by it swung open and two teen girls scrambled out. They were followed more slowly by the driver—a large-bottomed woman in her late forties. Jess watched the girls run to Shiloh and she could hear their high-pitched voices and exclamations from where she sat, over a hundred yards away. The horse never reacted. He shook his head, prompting more squeals of delight from the girls, but otherwise stood calmly, chewing a mouthful of long grass.
Mia shook hands with the driver and handed the lead rope to one of the girls.  
Why did she need to do this today of all days?
The doctor and the physical therapist had been as adamant as Jess: no more competitive riding. At twenty-eight, Mia was too old for it, and frankly, now that she was unemployed, she couldn’t afford the board. But more than that, of course, was the fact that horses and Mia’s “gift” had become a lethal combination. They’d been lucky last month and Mia had walked away without too much damage.
Next time she might not be so lucky.
Jess looked away from the negotiations between Mia and the woman. She wasn’t selling her horse, just leasing him out. Someday, who knows? If she got a better handle on her abilities she might be able to ride again. It didn’t look possible from this angle, but you never knew.
After all, if you’d have told me five years ago that my family would be reduced to just me and my youngest child…Jess’s hands tightened around the car’s door handle and she felt a story developing in her mind. A child in the front seat of the car, sticky with juice and candy, unhappy, lost, wanting her mother…Jess snatched her hand from the door handle. She willed her breathing to calm.
Whoever called it a “gift,” she thought, trying to force the images and feelings of the little girl from her mind, had a sick sense of humor.

***
Burton stood at Kazmaroff’s desk, a cardboard box in front of him. He wasn’t surprised to find few personal effects in the guy’s desk and for that he was grateful. Kazmaroff’s mother and sister had shown little interest in retrieving what personal property Dave kept at the office but it was Burton’s job to deliver it to them nonetheless.
He thought back to how angry Dave’s sister had been at the funeral—before swooning into his arms. He’d scooped her up and carried her to a nearby burial canopy where she quickly revived before her mother dragged her away.
He tossed a blank notebook and a handful of mechanical pencils into the box. Burton found the thought of seeing Mia Kazmaroff again surprisingly confusing. On the one hand, he didn’t hate the idea at all. But he couldn’t for the life of him figure out why not. 
“I can’t believe they’re letting you even touch his stuff.”
Burton turned to see Keith Barnes standing at his desk, his hands on his hips. Barnes worked narcotics but his partner had been recently hospitalized for some kind of intestinal ailment and Barnes was doing general duty in the meantime. Burton always wondered why Kazmaroff hadn’t wanted to partner with Barnes. The two had been close.
Figuring anything he said was going to piss the guy off, Burton just continued opening and shutting drawers. The last drawer revealed a leather-bound photo of Dave’s mother and sister. Burton hesitated when he saw Mia. Without the patina of anger and grief, he could see she was beautiful. Dave had been blond and big—probably taking after his Russian ancestors. But Mia looked like she stepped out of Brigadoon, as her name might suggest. Her dark hair was thick and wavy around her shoulders, and her smile was so inviting it made him sad to think how far away she’d been from that yesterday.
“Just get it and get out,” Barnes growled, taking a step closer. Burton glanced up at him and noticed Elliott Johnson was watching the scenario play out.
So much for the goodbye cake, Burton thought, hoisting the box into his arms—most of it full of the contents of his own desk. True to his word, when the verdict came down that there was nothing to suggest foul play in Dave’s death, Burton tendered his resignation.
He’d spent some time thinking about why he’d done that, about why it felt right. It was almost like there was another part of him that knew all along he needed to leave, that knew part of his depression was fed by his job. A part of him had prayed they’d find nothing suspicious about how Dave died so he could just go.
One thing that became clear to him in the days since Kazmaroff’s death was that however the guy died, Burton was more than a little responsible.
How do you figure that? 
But the feeling in his gut, as usual, knew better than he did. He supposed he’d find out in due time—he usually did. But for now, it was enough that he knew he’d had a hand in it.
Which was why he was leaving today and why he wasn’t responding to Barnes’ bullying. For a moment the thought came to him he might feel better if he let Barnes nail him a good one across the jaw. But then he’d probably feel like he got off too easy. No sense in sustaining a possible broken jaw for no damn good reason.
Bringing Dave’s shit to his mother and sister—when seeing them again was the last thing he wanted to do—now that was a penance that just might make him feel a little better.
After it made him feel a whole lot worse first.


Chapter 5

Mia had been to Dave’s condo two times since he moved there last year. This was the second time she’d walked across the threshold knowing he would never again open his own front door. She stood in the doorway and paused a moment to feel whatever vibes might still be in the air. She hadn’t expected to feel much after the police had finished their sweep, ending with a thorough sanitization of the place.
She’d been wrong.
The presence of her brother felt strong and immediate. She took in the view from the threshold. This had been his lair, his sanctuary.  He’d cared enough to furnish it with items that were specific to his tastes and styles. It was all Dave.
The feel of him was everywhere.
Mia took a steadying breath and let the door shut behind her. Dave had moved into the fashionable residential area of Atlantic Station and had instantly felt at home with the clean, cold lines of the condo’s wire and brick interior. Mia shivered. She liked a few more textiles in her nest.
Forcing herself not to look in the direction of the bedroom where she’d discovered her brother’s body, she dropped the keys to the condo in a dish on a sideboard as she entered the living room. A modular, white sectional framed a square coffee table with a stark bowl of colored pebbles and faced a large flat screen television on the cream walls. She walked to the couch, surprised to find her legs about to give way, and sat down on it, dropping her purse to the floor.
Get a grip, she thought, taking in another long breath and hoping she wasn’t going to hyperventilate. He’s not here any more. You won’t find him here. He’s gone.
Her mother had begged her not to come today. And maybe she’d been right.
The sensations that throbbed around her seemed to slowly fade and dissipate like heat waves in the face of an advancing cold front. She closed her eyes and waited for her environment to calm. When she could hear only the ever present buzz of traffic from the Connector, the intersection of I-85 and I-75 as they joined south of Midtown, she opened her eyes.
He’s not here, she thought. But he was and so was someone else.
She placed her hands on the coffee table and waited for the familiar jolt of sensation to jerk up into her shoulders. She felt a palpable cacophony of people who had touched the coffee table in the last several weeks. She felt the officious, careful and firm touches of the police techs who’d dusted and measured the table, moved it from the carpet and carefully replaced it.
Leaving her purse on the floor, she stepped over to the lamp table and picked up the glass snow globe, white against white, in her hand. She felt him then, too. Dave. He must have picked this up often and shook it, delighting in its childish tumble of fake snow over the scene of a little village. She remembered the Christmas he’d gotten it. She put it down and moved into the kitchen.
The kitchen looked more like a stainless steel abattoir than a place where someone might create meals, she thought as she reminded herself to look before touching. The counters were brushed steel and wiped clean. The cabinets were glass fronted, displaying white ceramics and simply styled drinking glasses. Ignoring the feelings when she touched the cabinet knob—it must have been touched by no fewer than thirty different people in the last month—she put her fingers on the first drinking glass on the shelf.
A woman had touched it. A female cop? A maid service? She looked around the kitchen and set the glass on the counter. That made sense since the glass was right in front. She reached in and took all the glasses out of the cabinet and lined them up on the counter. Some felt like Dave, but not all. Some felt like they’d been handled by the same woman—very likely the police tech—but one had been handled and washed by a different woman.
Mia brought Dave’s girlfriend to mind and closed her eyes as she wrapped her fingers around the glass. Not that Heather struck her as the kind of girl who’d wash up after herself. The feeling through her hands was strong and undeniable. She didn’t know who it was but it wasn’t Heather and it wasn’t the female police tech.
The glass was an old-fashioned tumbler, squat and heavy, the bottom made of lead crystal. It was one of a set of six others in the cabinet.
Dave was into possessions, Mia knew. And he had style. He wouldn’t offer a date a hi-ball in an old-fashioned glass, or vice versa. She smiled ruefully. Heck, he wouldn’t make himself a drink in the “wrong” glass.
So a woman, not his girlfriend, drinking a cocktail out of a glass. And not just drinking it but washing it up afterward, which felt a little too domestic for a casual date.
Mia left the glasses on the counter and moved into the bedroom. Careful not to look at the bed, she opened the door to the bathroom. It was small but efficient. A single shower stall—Dave was so totally not a bathtub kind of guy—toilet and double sinks. There didn’t seem much to see here but she started with the light switch and lightly touched every hard and smooth surface in the room. Here, too, she felt the presence of the invading police techs with their disinfectants and cleansers. But for what she was feeling for, soap had no effect. Even so, while her fingers tingled she was getting no picture, no image on anything. She turned to the medicine cabinet.
She stared at the three-shelf interior. The cops had taken any and all medicines, even the bottles of ibuprofen and aspirin. Except for a razor, a box of band aids and a small jar of petroleum jelly, the cabinet was empty. Mia ran her fingers along the shelves. Nothing. She closed the cabinet and looked at the bathroom. Aside from Heather, she and her mother had never met any of Dave’s women. But they had been here, in this room, as surely as Mia herself was standing here now.
Was that what mattered? Should she be cherchezing la femme? Or did Dave really just wash all his glassware, take his clothes off, climb into bed and then die a natural death as the Atlanta police department was trying to tell her he did? A needle of anger began to worm its way between her shoulder blades.
It wasn’t right. Any intelligent, observant person knew it wasn’t right. He didn’t just die in bed.
Not without help, he didn’t.
The sound of her smartphone ringing from the living room served to snap her out of her growing ire. Dashing past the bed, she grabbed up her purse and fished out her phone. She didn’t recognize the number but accepted the call anyway.
“This is Mia,” she said briskly.
“Miss Kazmaroff, this is Jack Burton. I was hoping to arrange a time to drop off some of Kaz…Dave’s things with you.”
Mia sucked in a quick intake of breath. His voice sounded sad on the phone, heavy, as if he was carrying a ponderous weight. Was it guilt? Like she’d felt from him at the funeral?
“Bring it to my mother’s,” she said brusquely. “You have the address?”
“I do. What would be a convenient time?”
“You really think any of this is convenient on any level, Detective? You think you can even imagine a more invasive set of circumstances for my mother and myself? It doesn’t matter when you drop them off. If she’s not there, put them on the front steps.” Mia snapped off the phone and dropped it back in her bag.
She still had the dining room to do.

***
Keith hung up the phone and turned to watch his wife as she applied the last touches to her makeup. She’d gained weight this year. Enough to move her up a whole dress size, although today it definitely looked like she was attempting to squeeze into last year’s number. All those yoga and Pilates classes didn’t seem to be doing shit but they sure cost enough.
“When did you say you’d be back?” he said, tossing down his phone on the bed.
Trish smiled at her image in the mirror with satisfaction, giving her hair a last comb-through. Her hair was her glory, long and blonde. At least that didn’t gain weight from one year to the next.
“It won’t be a late night,” she said. “Carol wanted us there early because Dave’s girlfriend, Heather, is leaving tomorrow for Cancun.”
“I guess she’s down there for the heavy-duty mourning?”
Trish gave him a confused look.
“Dave’s not dead a full two weeks and already she’d going on vacation? Tell me she’s not going with another dude.”
“I…I don’t think so,” Trish said, frowning. “I’m sure not. Heather loved Dave, Keith. You know she did.”
“I don’t know anything of the kind,” he said tersely, eyeing her as she stood up and attempted to straighten her too-snug dress over her hips. “That looks terrible.”
She turned away from the mirror. “What? The dress?”
“You in the dress. You look like two pounds of sausage in a one pound casing.” He watched her face flush red and her eyes dart back to her closet as if contemplating changing.
“I’ve gained a few pounds,” she said, her shoulders slumping, which made the whole presentation even worse.
“Yeah, babe, if “a few” is ten or fifteen, then, yeah, you gained “a few.”
“I don’t really have time to change,” she said, the smile and brightness gone from her face.
“Mia gonna be there?” he asked abruptly as he walked around her, inspecting her outfit.
“Of course. She’s the whole reason Carol arranged the evening.”
“Man, she looked so hot at the funeral, it was all I could do not to take her and bend that gorgeous round ass over my car hood and let her have it good.”
His eyes caught the moment when Trish’s hands started to tremble.
“I wasn’t the only one, either,” he said, as if oblivious to his wife’s discomfort. “I know for a fact Maxwell has been wanting to hit that for years. Somehow I’ll bet Carol knows that. Careful, babe, if you cry you’re gonna screw up your makeup.”
“I’ll be back before ten,” Trish said quietly.
Keith watched her suck in her stomach and try to regain her composure as she moved past him to the bedroom door. He caught her hand as she moved and put it to his lips. She gasped but didn’t turn to him as he took her finger between his teeth. Not enough to break the skin, he thought, just enough to let her know he was displeased. He felt her trembling which triggered a reaction in his groin. He pulled her roughly to him and slid his hands along her fat hips.
“You’re gonna be a little late,” he said, feeling his need push against his jeans as he brought another image of Dave’s sexy sister to mind. This time he imagined Mia on her knees. 
Begging.
***

There was a car in the drive, just his luck.
Jack hauled the box of Dave’s private possessions and carried it to the front door. It was probably too much to ask that his sister had given her mother a heads up about today. If he had any luck at all, the sister at least wouldn’t be home. Or did he hope she would be?
As he walked up the broken walkway of Mrs. Kazmaroff’s little one-story bungalow, the front door swung open. That meant she’d been waiting for him. Probably just as eager to get this over with as he was.
“Mrs. Kazmaroff?” he said as he met her on the front porch. “I’m not sure if your daughter mentioned I’d be coming by with some of…Dave’s things?”
Jess Kazmaroff was still a pretty woman, but her face was lined with pain. Just looking into the face of such agony was pretty much all the punishment Burton figured he’d ever deserve.
To lose a child…whatever the age…was the worst.
“No, Detective,” she said. “She didn’t. Please come in.”
Something about the entranceway made Burton duck his head when he entered. It wasn’t necessary but the interior of the little house was over-furnished, its walls thick with framed photos, artwork, and paintings, making the space feel cramped and small.
“Just set it down there,” Jess said, motioning to a tabletop in the living room already covered with books and magazines.
There was something about the place—beyond how cluttered it seemed to him—that gave him the illusion that it was difficult to breathe. He glanced to see if there were any open windows and saw that all the curtains had been yanked tightly shut and covered with black-out linings.
“Well,” he said, as he settled the box on the table. “There you go.”
“Please, Detective. Have a seat. I’ll make tea. Kind neighbors and friends have brought so much coffee cake and angel food I could open a bakery at this point. You look like a pecan pie man. Am I right?” She turned and left the room before he could reply.
He wiped his hands against his slacks and looked for a likely place to sit. He had to admit, the thick clutter of the place explained a lot about how fastidious Kazmaroff always was. Jess seemed nice, though. Probably loved the hell out of him. And the sister obviously adored him. Doesn’t look like the guy had too many barriers to overcome. 
He sat down on the couch in front of a coffee table with more books and magazines, catalogs, mail and a few dishes. He drummed his fingers on his knees, wondering how long it takes to drink a cup of tea and get gone.
She came in with a tray and set it down on the cluttered coffee table. “I’m afraid Mia took the last piece of pecan pie,” she said, smiling as she handed him a plate with a large wedge of angel food cake drizzled with chocolate ganache. “The water takes a minute to boil.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” he said.
“Please call me Jess,” she said, handing him a paper napkin.
“I know I didn’t get a chance to tell you personally…Jess,” he said, trying to hold her gaze but desperately wanting to look anywhere else, “but I’m so sorry about what happened to Dave.”
“You were his partner,” she said.
“That’s right.” His stomach lurched thinking Dave had probably talked plenty about what a dick head partner he had.
“So you knew him better than most.”
“I guess so.”
“And you believe his death was accidental?”
“I…well… the autopsy… I mean… the ruling was accidental.”
She didn’t answer but he was keenly aware he hadn’t responded to her question.
“I don’t have any more information than anyone else,” he said, wondering how he was going to choke down the cake when he felt his mouth was so suddenly dry.
“I see. I suppose not. Please, Detective, eat your cake. I’ll check on the water.”
When she left, Burton felt a nearly irresistible desire to stuff the cake under the cushion of the couch, believing it probably wouldn’t be discovered for years. He tore off a piece with his fingers and popped it in his mouth. The overt sweetness obliterated any flavor the cake might have had and seemed to serve to make his mouth even more dry.
Jess came back into the room with another tray, this one with a teapot and two teacups with saucers.
I’m in hell, Burton thought as Jess silently poured their tea and added milk and sugar to both cups. She handed him his teacup but before he could set it down on the coffee table, her fingers wrapped around his hand. Startled, he spilled tea on both their hands but she didn’t disengage.
“Uh, Mrs. Kazmaroff?”
She released him and picked up her own teacup as if nothing had happened.
What the hell was that?
The front door swung open suddenly and as Mia Kazmaroff entered the room, Burton was surprised he hadn’t heard her car drive up. It also occurred to him that she was probably blocking him in.
“What’s this?” she said, dropping her car keys on a table by the door that Burton hadn’t noticed.
“Oh, darling, Detective Burton came to drop some of David’s things off and we’re just having tea. Let me get you a cup.” Jess jumped up and walked to her daughter to give her a brief kiss before disappearing into the kitchen.
Burton stood up but she waved him back down and dropped into an armchair facing the couch.
“I just had a phone call from Detective Kirkland’s wife, Carol,” she said. “She said you quit the force.”
“That is true.”
“Did your quitting having anything to do with my brother’s death?”
“No,” he said.
She bolted out of her chair and grabbed him by both arms, knocking his cake plate to the carpet. “You’re lying,” she said.
He broke her grip and stood up just as Jess came back in the room with another tray with tea and cake.  
“What’s happening?” Jess asked. “Mia, please sit down.”
“He quit today,” Mia said. “Dave dies and two weeks later, his partner quits. How much sense does that make?”
Burton scooped up the cake and plopped it back on the plate. He set it on the coffee table. “Mrs. Kazmaroff,” he said, forcing his voice to sound steady and controlled. “Again, I’m sorry for your loss. I’m afraid I can’t stay.”
“Why did you quit, Detective?” Mia said, her voice rising. “Explain to me the very bizarre timing of why you would do that—dropkick a fifteen-year pension.”
Burton edged between the coffee table, hoping the girl wouldn’t attempt to bar him from leaving.
“I can’t explain it,” he said tersely. “I’m sorry.” And turning, he was out the door and down the front walkway, all the while praying she hadn’t parked behind him.
She had.
Shit. There was no way to get out short of mowing down ten azalea bushes lining the driveway. He heard the door shut behind him and the jangle of her car keys. When he turned, she was standing on the walkway, her weight resting on one hip, tossing the keys in the air. The image was so arresting, it nearly took his breath away.
Mia Kazmaroff was one gorgeous creature and until this moment, as she stood staring him down, the autumn breeze tossing her long dark hair about her shoulders, he hadn’t truly seen that. Maybe it had been the cast—which she wasn’t wearing now. Something had thrown him off before but he saw it now.
And it was very last thing he needed to see.
He licked his lips and walked back toward her.
“Why did you quit?” she asked.
He put his hands on his hips and looked down at his feet. He wasn’t sure he’d even satisfactorily answered that question for himself yet.
“It felt right,” he said, knowing there was no way she was going to let him get away with that.
“Did it have to do with my brother’s death?”
“I’m not sure.”
“But it did.”
Burton finally looked up into her eyes, flashing, intelligent blue eyes and now he couldn’t tear away. “Yeah,” he said hoarsely, “it did.”
She nodded and then took a step toward him. He took a step back and she let out an exasperated sound. “Detective,” she said patiently, “may I please touch you?”
This would make the third time she had wanted to physically connect with him for a reason he couldn’t imagine. But if the only thing standing between him and her moving her car was letting her touch his arm…
“Yeah, sure.”
She reached out and brought her hand to his face. So surprised that it wasn’t his arm like before, he nearly pulled away from her. This close to her, he could smell a light scent of flowers and cloves. He tried to remember if he’d every stood this close to a woman he hadn’t been ready to pull into his arms. He noticed her eyes left his and focused on a spot over his shoulder while her hand cupped his jaw firmly. Finally, she let him go and turned to her car.
“Thank you,” she said to him over her shoulder.

***
Mia watched as the waiter added another Long Island Ice Tea to the place in front of her. Why in the world had she ever agreed to this? She looked around the upscale restaurant. This may have been Dave’s world, she thought, but I’m happier mucking out a stall in Alpharetta. The thought came back to her that her days of mucking out stalls or riding or even walking through pastures were over at least for awhile. She reached for her drink.
Her run-in with Burton this afternoon had knocked something loose in her mind. Touching him, feeling his guilt—and his honesty—had forged a connection between them that shocked her. How could she feel such a thing so quickly for a man she hardly knew? She’d sat in her car as he drove away and felt the tingling in her fingers from where she’d touched him. 
It’s true he might have hurt Dave. Very well might have.
But he’d hurt himself worse.
Later, she spent an hour on her laptop trying to research various methods of investigating a crime outside of official jurisdictions. It wasn’t until after she’d awakened from a nap that the idea had come together and burst onto her mental scene as a full-blown brainstorm. Every time she thought of it, now manifested as a small grey card in her purse, she felt a little bit better, a little bit stronger.
 “I’m so sorry your mother couldn’t come tonight.” Trish Barnes sat to Mia’s left. Mia didn’t know any of the detectives’ wives well and she was fairly positive that after this evening she’d never lay eyes on them again.
Maybe tonight was more for them than her?
“My mother’s kind of a homebody,” Mia said. She was glad Trish had been seated next to her. The other wives seemed a little crude to her. But Trish was different. She wore a gold cross at her neck and her iced tea was just spiked with extra sugar. 
Mia thought she remembered Dave saying Trish, his best friend’s wife, was too good for any of them. Mia thought that was a sweet, but somewhat odd, thing to say.
“I am, too,” Trish said, as she reached for the plate of calamari they were all sharing. Mia couldn’t help notice she was trying to hide a large bruise on her cheek under her foundation makeup. She wondered how she got it. A friend of hers had walked into the feed shed at the barn one time and got whacked in the face by the door she didn’t realize was open. All kinds of things happen at the barn that could have you gimping around on crutches or wearing a sling before the day was out.
Less so in a suburban home in Midtown, one would think.
The hostess and organizer of the party, Carol Maxwell, stood up and held her martini glass in the air. Mia noticed she didn’t have to tap a water glass or raise her voice. There was just something about Carol that made people stop and notice. The table quieted and faced her.
“I’d like to raise a glass to Dave Kazmaroff,” she said, softly, pointing her glass at Mia as if she were Dave’s corporeal representative. “No one who knew you will ever forget you and we’ll none of us be the same after having known you.”
“Here, here!” 
Mia sipped her tea and noticed that Dave’s girlfriend, Heather, was already drunk and the waiter hadn’t served their entrees yet. She was sitting next to Edie Johnson, who Dave used to say fancied herself as the self-appointed intelligentsia of the group. Mia watched her for a moment and figured the fact that Edie was black already set her apart. She had graduated from Spellman at the top of her class but then married a homicide detective. Elliot was good looking and smart, too, but he wasn’t ambitious. He wasn’t a Morehouse man, either. Dave used to say, after she had a few drinks in her, that Edie would go on and on—to Elliot’s obvious embarrassment—about how she’d never be caught dead dating a guy from Morehouse College, but everybody knew Morehouse men had style and Dave figured deep down she was protesting too much.
Tonight it looked like that’s exactly what Heather was doing. Openly weeping into her cloth napkin, her voice loud and strident, Heather knocked over her water glass and had to be escorted to the ladies room. Trish volunteered to take her and nobody was surprised. It was generally accepted that Trish was such a dear and wouldn’t worry about missing any of the party.
When the waiter put her fish tacos in front of her, Mia said a silent and covert  prayer of thanks and, looking up, was surprised to see Carol doing so as well. Their eyes met and Carol smiled as if to say, Don’t tell anyone. It’s our little secret.
The arrival of the dishes pushed conversation aside for a few moments while everyone addressed their plates. Mia was hungry. She’d meant to grab a sandwich when she ran home to change for tonight but Burton’s visit and subsequent hour on the computer had derailed that.
He was such an odd bird. What she knew about him from Dave was that the two had never gotten along and it was all Burton’s doing. When she touched him at the funeral she’d gotten a strong sense of guilt from him but whether that was because of what happened to Dave or just Burton’s own, basically failed life, she didn’t know. The last time she’d touched him, out in the driveway, she felt him open up to her in a way she hadn’t expected.
Maybe he didn’t know why he quit the force, but a part of him was at peace now as a result, that much she had felt. Where Dave came into it, she didn’t know. But she would find out.
“Are those good? I’ve never been brave enough to try.”
Mia turned to see that Carol had slipped into Trish’s vacant seat.
“Trish is tending to poor Heather,” Carol said. “I’m sure she won’t mind. Are they good?”
Mia pushed her plate toward her. “Try one. If you like fish.” 
Carol ignored the offer and took a sip of her martini. “Did I hear you’re moving into Dave’s place in Atlantic Station?”
Mia tried to imagine where Carol could have heard that from. As far as she knew only the trustee and her mother knew that Dave had left his condo to her.
“That’s right,” she said. “I’ve been living at my mother’s place ever since I lost my apartment.”
“I remember Dave saying something about you losing your job at Georgia State,” Carol said. Mia wasn’t sure what the woman wanted, but pretty clearly she had a point to get to. “You taught Archaeology or something?”
“Close enough,” Mia said, biting into her fish taco. It wasn’t pretty eating and she was mildly aware it might be off putting to someone watching.
“Because you didn’t have a PhD? Am I right?”
Mia nodded, her mouth full of food, and reached for a napkin.
“I’m sure you could easily get six hundred for his condo. Even in this market.”
Mia shook her head. “No, I’ll keep it.” It occurred to her that Carol might be interested in buying it. Atlantic Station had never really experienced a downswing in the housing market. If you had the money, worked in Midtown and were under thirty, it was where you wanted to live.
“By the way, Mia. I heard you gave Jack Burton a tongue lashing the other week.”
Mia glanced at her and frowned. “Oh, you mean at the funeral,” she said. 
“Sorry I wasn’t there. None of us wives were. You know the force. They like to form a long impermeable blue line.”
“Yeah, no worries,” Mia said.
“I would totally love to climb on top of that bad boy,” Carol said. “But seriously, dear, how are you doing?”
 “Good. Thank you so much for organizing this tonight, Carol,” Mia said, reaching for her iced tea. “Should we start coordinating drivers or taxi’s or something?”
Carol laughed. “Good point. I’m afraid it looks like Heather got started early. Trish isn’t drinking, though. I’m sure she’s good for a ride home.”
“So were you saying you’re interested in Jack Burton?”
“Well, of course I’m married, darling, but he is so dishy, all smoldering and dark thoughts.” Carol picked up a menu and fanned herself. “I declare, Miss Scarlet, I must admit I’ve had a few Burton fantasies here and there. But he remains untouched…as far as I know. Although there was that rumor right after his divorce about him and the Medical Examiner. Karen Sanders. Do you know her?”
“I don’t know anybody Dave worked with.”
“If it was true there wasn’t a repeat or the two of them are the sneakiest undercover lovers in the history of the force.”
Mia pushed away from her plate. All of a sudden she didn’t feel hungry. In fact, she felt a little nauseated.
“I suppose you heard all about your brother and Burton’s ex?”
Mia turned to look at Carol. It took every ounce of her self-control not to reach out and grab Carol’s arm to see if the woman was for real. Or lying.
“What about them?”
“I’m afraid it was very recently,” Carol said, a sly smile ghosting her lips as she warmed up to the gossip. “Dave and Diane hooked up at a department softball game. Burton doesn’t play. Now why doesn’t that surprise me?”
“Dave had an affair with Burton’s ex-wife?”
“Well, that’s the question, isn’t it, sweetie? Was she an ex the first time they did it?”

Chapter 6


Burton tossed the remote control onto the coffee table and glanced at the Seth Thomas clock hanging on the wall, Diane’s design choices left over from a happier time. It was ten o’clock.
Had there ever been a happier time?
He glanced at his cellphone on the coffee table next to the remote. She’d only called twice today—both unanswered. Maybe she was getting the message. Maybe she was just trying a different tactic. The dog lay stretched out on the sofa, her chin on her front paws. Her round dark eyes followed him whenever he moved. He figured she was some kind of hybrid. He always assumed if he ever got a dog it would either be a big old mutt or a lab of some kind. This little bit of fluff looked like it had just crawled out of a sorority girl’s handbag.
He got up from the couch and walked to the large picture window overlooking Peachtree Creek. A mile past his backyard—mostly creek and a steep hill where nothing grew—he could see the lights from an outlier AT&T office building. If he stepped onto his back deck, he’d feel the rush of a Georgia autumn in full swing—and the roar of I-85 as if it were detouring around him.
The house had been built right after the Second World War. The rooms were small. There was a mudroom off the kitchen…he heard they were back in style again. He had a galley kitchen he had only stood in long enough to brew a cup of coffee before work.
Guess he’d have more time now. He could brew two cups.
He couldn’t help see the differences in how he and Kazmaroff lived. Could two people be more different? And doesn’t that account for why they didn’t mesh?
Except, where it counted, he knew they had meshed. In fact, they’d meshed so well they held the record of more cases solved in the history of the Atlanta PD in one calendar year.
He turned away from the darkened view of the creek below his window. At this time of night, with a waning moon, all he could see was the reflective glitter of the water as it channeled over the rocks and low banks. Not much of a place to bring a new bride, he reflected. Diane hadn’t seemed to care. In the beginning, she’d tried to plant annuals on the steep backyard slope before giving up. She even put a line of crepe myrtles in the front yard during those early years. Burton had a fondness for crepe myrtles.
His phone vibrated against the wooden coffee table. Speak of the devil, he thought as he picked up the phone to peer at the screen.
But it was Karen, the department medical examiner.
“Hey,” he said into the phone, reseating himself on the couch.
“So, is it true? Did you really quit?”
“Yeah, I did.” Burton liked Karen. She had a good head on her shoulders and she was uncomplicated. She’d made it clear on several occasions that she’d be up for a friends with benefits relationship if that’s all that was on offer. He wasn’t sure why he wasn’t interested. She had a great body, firm in all the right places. Maybe a little too muscular…
“I can’t tell you how flabbergasted I was when I heard. I thought it had to be a vicious rumor. What the hell, Jack?”
“Hard to explain,” he said, running a hand through his hair. “Kind of a spur of the moment sorta thing.”
“I’m sure Maxwell would reinstate you, no loss of pension…”
“Yeah, well, maybe it wasn’t that spur of the moment,” he said.
“You didn’t like your job? You were so good at it. It’s just hard to believe.”
“Well, there you are. I’ll miss you, Karen.” Why the hell did he say that?
“You don’t have to, Jack.”
He let the moment pass, not knowing what to say, or what she wanted him to say.
“Can I ask what your plans are?” she asked briskly. “You’re not independently wealthy, are you?”
Jack gave a mirthless laugh. “Nope. I need to find a job.”
“You had a job.”
“Obviously I need to find a different job.”
“It’s just, you do see how bizarre this is, don’t you? For a year, you lobby to get rid of Dave Kazmaroff and then, when he dies, you quit?”
“This isn’t the way I wanted to get rid of him.”
“Granted, but the end result is the same. Why does him passing away translate into you abandoning your career?”
“Did he really ‘pass away?’ Is that really your professional opinion?”
“Jack, I told you, everything came back negative. Yes, he’d had some alcohol in his system but that’s it.”
“No barbiturates?”
“We didn’t test for barbiturates because his condo came up clean. Ibuprofen and aspirin were all he had and neither was present in his system. How does Kazmaroff dying mysteriously affect your desire to stay on the force?”
“I don’t know. It was a surprise to me, too.”
“Got any ideas what you’re going to do now?”
Burton felt the conversation wearing on him. There was greater than a slight possibility that Karen was hoping to set up a time to get together. Maybe even tonight.
“Thought I’d look into being a personal chef,” he said, yawning.
“You have got to be kidding me.”
“Why? You don’t think I can cook?”
“Fine, Jack. You don’t want to talk about it, fine. I’m just calling like any friend would who sees someone they care about going off the rails.”
“And I appreciate that, Karen. I do,” he said softly.
The living room flooded briefly with light as it did when someone’s headlights pointed in the direction of Burton’s front drive. He stood up and looked out the window. He didn’t recognize the car as the blinding headlights snapped off but getting unannounced visitors was unusual.
“Looks like I’ve got company,” he said into the phone. “Can we pick this up another time? Really appreciate you calling.”
“Sure, Jack,” she said, her disappointment telegraphing through the line.
Burton disconnected and held the phone in his hand as he went to the front door. It was Mia Kazmaroff. He watched her walk up to his front porch like she had a serious bone to pick with someone. He probably should let her take some of it out on his front door knocker before engaging with her but she could see him standing in the living room.
He opened the front door. “Miss Kazmaroff,” he said.
She pushed past him into the foyer and then stood there taking in the small living room and adjoining dining room. He could tell she was worked up, and he could tell she’d been drinking.
“Okay, here’s the deal,” she said, more to his living room than to him. “Dave’s death was not an accident. I don’t know why the Atlanta PD is saying it is, but I know for a fact that it wasn’t.”
“May I offer you a beverage, Miss Kazmaroff? A ride home?”
She turned to glare at him. He’d been right to be worried earlier. Just standing this close to her stirred up something deep in his gut that felt like a starving man with a T-bone. She was wearing a snug knit dress that hugged every curve from her shoulder to her calves. No cleavage or length of thigh showing but he literally had to dig his nails into his palm to keep from pulling her to him and feeling that tightly-strung, perfect body in his arms.
“I had one cocktail,” she said, frowning.
“For people who weigh not much more than yourself, one is enough.”
After giving him a look of disgust, she walked into the living room and dropped her purse on the couch. The little dog inched over to her, her tail wagging for the first time since Jack had rescued her.  
“Who decorated for you?” Mia asked. “It doesn’t look like a bachelor’s pad.”
“You mean it doesn’t look like your brother’s condo.”
She pulled the dog onto her lap as if they were old friends and began to massage it behind its floppy ears. “My brother lived life as a single man,” she said. “I don’t like to put labels on people so I won’t.” She glanced at him still standing in the foyer. “You of all people should appreciate that.”
Touché.
“This dog was abused.” She looked at him questioningly and he nodded. He shut the front door and joined her in the living room. “You and Dave,” she said as he joined her in the living room. “I suppose two bachelors couldn’t be more different.”
Amazing. Just what I was thinking. Burton sat opposite her in one of the matching armchairs.
“I’ve decided to move into Dave’s place. He left it to me.” She leaned toward him suddenly. “You were his partner. If anybody should be trying to get to the bottom of what happened to him, it’s you.”
“The case is closed.”
“Which means nothing. I know for a fact you two continued to investigate cases that were officially closed.”
It was true. They never let a little thing like protocol get in the way of what they believed. Come to think of it, they did have that in common. They usually agreed about a case. That special sense a good detective has, he and Dave shared that.
“I’m no longer a detective,” he said, holding out his hands as if to reveal how utterly helpless he was.
“You’re no longer an Atlanta police department detective,” she said. “For what I need, that doesn’t matter.” She placed the dog on the floor but it jumped back up on the couch to sit next to her.
“The answer is no, Miss Kazmaroff.”
“No, it isn’t, Detective Burton,” she said fiercely. “The answer is Thank you, Mia for giving me a chance to wipe the slate clean. The answer is Of course, Miss Kazmaroff because I know I owe you and your brother.”
“How do you figure that?” Burton felt his hand reaching for a shirt pocket where a pack of cigarettes used to be kept. Ten years ago.
“I figure it, Detective,” she said, her eyes flashing and a flush blooming in her cheeks, “because no matter how he died you know you let him down and I figure that’s true or you’d still be happily employed by Atlanta’s finest.”
He stared at her for a moment, wanting to deny it. He licked his lips.
“What is it you think I can do for you?” he said finally.
“Help me prove that Dave was murdered.”
“And if there’s no evidence to support that?”
“There is. We just have to find it.”
“What makes you think he was murdered?”
“I felt it,” she said, looking away for the first time since she sat down. In Burton’s experience, that usually indicated a lie was coming.
“You felt it.”
She stood up and picked up her purse. “You have contacts on the force you can still access. Your friend the medical examiner, for example.”
How the hell did she know about Karen?
“And while I’m reliably informed you don’t have many friends on the force—good going, by the way. Ever see a pattern developing?—you probably have one or two contacts who can be convinced to get into the APD database for you. And that would be helpful going forward in your new occupation.”
“My new occupation?” Although he was confused and slightly agitated by her preposterous take-charge attitude, he was also too mesmerized by her to turn away.
“You’re opening up a Private Investigations Agency with me,” she said bluntly.
“Pardon?”
With a heavy sigh, Mia sat back down and spoke more slowly, as if to someone mentally challenged. “The condo my brother left me is over a store front—”
“I saw it during the investigation.”
“Okay, good. Very observant. That’ll come in handy as an investigator.”
Burton wanted to grin at her sarcasm and realized he was actually enjoying this visit. Not a good sign.
“Originally, Dave was going to rent it out and then when I lost my job at Georgia State, he offered it to me as a retail opportunity. I was thinking of opening up a knitting shop.”
“Are you sure you don’t want a drink? Because I think I could use one.”
“No, thank you. So I have an empty store front that we can use as an office.” She opened up her purse and drew out a grey business card. “This is just a prototype I did on my computer. I’ll get them printed up tomorrow.”
The card read, Burton & Kazmaroff, Private Investigations.
He looked up at her, dumfounded. “Go into business with you?”
“See, there’s that quick mind I’ve heard so much about.” She looked around the living room as if expecting to see a printing press or home office. “You don’t currently have a business, do you?” She reached over and took the card back. “I didn’t think so. Of course I have no idea if the partnership will work beyond this first case, but I can’t…we…can’t get access to certain information without being an official investigative agency registered with the state. First order of business, by the way, which I’ll ask you to handle.” She tucked the card back in her bag and stood up.
“Please don’t be a pain in the ass about this, Detective Burton,” she said. “I don’t have time to plead with you. Suffice to say, you know you owe it to Dave. You know you do.”
Burton’s mouth had fallen open and when she turned to leave, his eyes dropped to her round ass moving away from him. It wasn’t until she had her hand on the front door knob that he had the wit to get to his feet.
“I’ll expect you at the office tomorrow morning early. We’ve already wasted enough time.”
“Miss Kazmaroff—”
She turned around. “Call me Mia. I know it’s tricky but I’ll expect you to pronounce it correctly.” She waited expectantly.
“Mia,” he said, as if in a trance.
“Awesome.” She turned and walked down the walkway to her car. Burton watched her back out of the driveway until her taillights disappeared around the first street corner.
He shut the door but continued to stare out the front window trying to process what had just happened. It was because he was still standing there that he saw the long dark sedan, hidden one house past his, move silently past his house to follow her car.



Chapter 7


Mia checked her watch as she drove away from Burton’s house. It was a little after eleven o’clock. Probably too early. She glanced in the rear view mirror. She’d seen the car almost as soon as she’d pulled out of Burton’s drive way. Whoever it was, they didn’t care much that she knew they were there. They were either sloppy or arrogant but either way they were almost surely some rent-a-cop hired by her mother to watch over her.
She sighed heavily. No use in trying to lose them. Maybe it would even be helpful to have backup tonight. Mia shifted onto I-85 southbound heading to Midtown. All the parties she needed to go to wouldn’t even start for another couple of hours. Might as well set up at an all-night coffee shop and load up on caffeine until it was time.
It made her smile to think of how easy Burton had been. In some ways, it was almost as if he’d expected her, although surely that wasn’t likely. But even he had to admit her idea was a good one. Or, even if it sounded crazy on the face of it, it still felt right. Else why didn’t he put up more of an argument? 
There was something about the way he reacted to her suggestion that made her think a part of him had been waiting for this all along—a way to put things right with his partner, a way to assimilate how he felt about how it all went down. Why else would he quit his job?
Mia gripped the steering wheel and smiled. This bloody “gift” didn’t have many benefits, it was true. But one of the main things it did have was the ability to lead the witness to certain conclusions that they would never, normally, have come to on their own. What she had felt in Jack was a longing, an irrepressible, indefatigable desire, to fix a problem he couldn’t even define, let alone address.
That’s where I come in, she thought smugly. Mia and her handy curse-slash-gift to help you with what you didn’t even know was wrong. And in this case, helping you with your problem dovetails nicely with helping me. She put her turn signal on before pulling onto North Avenue toward Georgia Tech. 
The car following her probably appreciated the heads-up.
She found a place to park near a strip of bars and clubs that didn’t look too deserted. Not that she was worried. Not with her bodyguards somewhere in the background struggling to find a decent parking spot and not lose her. She locked the car and walked quickly, her car keys in her hand, her finger on the panic button, to the first bar. It was loud and full of students which made her relax a little. She moved through the scrum of bodies to the bar and ordered a red-eye.
“We don’t have no ex-presso machine,” the bartender said. He was a young man, possibly a student himself.
“Fine,” Mia said, seating herself at the bar. “Just coffee then.”
The young man shrugged and went off to make a pot of coffee. Mia pulled out the business card and looked at it again. No wonder Burton didn’t talk much. He’s probably still pulling his jaw off the floor. The image made her smile. She took out her smartphone ear phones from her purse and plugged into her music. A quick glance at the phone screen confirmed the time was getting on. She glanced around the bar, wondering if some of these kids were waiting, too. It occurred to her that if she found a contact now, she might conclude her business and be on her way home and skip the warehouse rave or whatever party she hoped to find.
She scanned the crowd. Most of the patrons were chugging beers at crowded two and three high-top tables. She was annoyed with herself that she’d forgotten to look for her tail when they came in. It would be just her luck to ask her own tail if they knew where she could score drugs. Assuming they were off-duty police, which was likely, that would probably not end well.
A scruffy looking young man caught her eye in the corner of the bar. He sat alone as if he were waiting for someone. She watched him for a moment and decided he was watching everyone else in the place. He didn’t look like a drug dealer, but then what do they look like? At least he didn’t look like an undercover cop either. But, of course, that’s what undercover cops are going for.
When her coffee came, she put a ten on the bar and gathered up her purse. She walked purposely to the man and sat down at his table as if he were expecting her. When he looked at her without any surprise at all, she knew she’d pegged him correctly.
“I need to buy some Ecstasy,” she said, primly, setting her coffee mug down on the table.
He wasn’t bad looking, she decided. Older than she’d originally guessed from across the room. Dark hair, possibly Hispanic, with bright blue, but wary, eyes.
“How much?” he said softly.
“Just enough for me,” she said. “Do they come in pills?”
His eyes fluttered a bit as if in amusement or surprise at her question, but he nodded.
“Is there a minimum purchase or can I just buy one?”
“You into experimenting?”
“Something like that. How much for one pill?”
He reached into his jacket and pulled out a small paper packet which he put on his lap under the table. Without taking his eyes off her or dropping his smile, he extricated a single pill and held out his hand as if to shake. Mia grasped his hand and felt the hard knot of the pill being pressed into it.
“My compliments,” he said. “Enjoy. Now please to go.”
Mia was on her feet, her hand clenched around the pill. “Thank you very much,” she said breathlessly, and turned to go.
“Hello, baby?” he said to her.
She looked back, fear beginning to inch its way up her spine.
“Your coffee.”
“Oh, yes. Thank you.” She grabbed her coffee mug and moved it to an empty table on her way out the door. Out of the corner of her eye she saw movement as two men seated at a table by the door made signs of leaving too.

The next morning, she drove to Dave’s condo from her mother’s house. She intended to move in as soon as her bed was delivered and Dave’s was picked up by AmVets. As it was, she’d make the guest room her bedroom and leave the master bedroom vacant for now.
As soon as she drove into the mixed-use development where Dave’s condo was located, she saw Burton standing outside the storefront window on the first floor of the townhouse. He was peering in the window, both hands holding jumbo coffee cups, the little Maltese mix on a leash by his feet. The moment made her smile. Even if he only came to tell her he wasn’t staying, just the sight of him—complete with the coffee…just like Castle and Beckett!—gave Mia optimism.
She pulled in next to his Jeep. “Morning, Detective,” she called as she gathered her bags and briefcases from the front seat. “What’s your dog’s name?”
“I’m not staying,” he said.
She bustled past him to open the front door. “That’s fine. I’m sure you have legwork to do while I’m handling paperwork. Is one of those for me?” she turned and plucked a coffee cup from his grip before pushing open the door with her hip.
She’d never been in the store before now and it smelled musty. She flipped on the lights and found a desk wedged up against one wall to drop her bags onto. Dave had obviously used the place for storage. His kayak leaned up against one wall. Several boxes, empty as it turned out, were stacked high against another.
Burton came in behind her.
“The guy from the cable company will be out tomorrow to hook up the router and the phone lines,” Mia said, eyeing Burton and wondering what he thought of the place. He’d unsnapped the leash and now the dog was curled up on a flattened stack of cardboard boxes where it could keep both of them in view. “It’ll just take a few weekends of elbow-grease to get it into shape.”
“If that,” he said, drinking his coffee and looking into one of the empty boxes. Every inch of his curiosity gave her hope that he would agree to the partnership. Her bravado last night notwithstanding, she knew she couldn’t bulldoze him into working with her if he didn’t want to.
She pulled out a large plastic baggie from her briefcase which held the hi-ball glass from Dave’s kitchen. She set it on the desk.
“What’s that?” Burton gave an extremely condescending smile. In fact, millimeters short of a sneer.
“It is a glass I found in my brother’s condo upstairs.”
“You bagged it?”
“You can see that I have and once you’re through acting like an arrogant ass, I’ll explain why. If you’re still interested.”
“Look, Miss Kazmaroff…Mia. It’s not that I don’t want to make things right with how Dave and I…ended. I do. There’s nothing I’d like more, but trying to uncover a murder where there was none is an exercise in futility.”
“What if I were to convince you that he didn’t die of natural causes?”
“How could you do that when the tox screen and the autopsy said otherwise?”
“That wasn’t what I asked you.”
Burton sighed. “Sure. If you can convince me it wasn’t an accident, I’m on board.”
“Excellent. Well, please take a seat, Jack. This may take a moment.” Mia pulled a chair up to the desk and took a drink of her coffee. She placed the glass in the clear bag on the table in front of her. “Do you mind locking the door?” she said, looking up. “So we’re not disturbed?”
Burton paused just a moment before getting up and locking the door and then pulling up a chair. “Whenever you’re ready,” he said.
Mia opened her bag and pulled out a small pillbox. She set it on the desk.
“You are very mysterious, Miss Kazmaroff, I have to say.”
“Not my intention, Jack,” Mia said, opening up the pillbox. She held up a tiny baby blue tinted pill for him to see. “Do you recognize this?”
He frowned and took the pill from her. “Molly,” he said. “Or Ecstasy.” He handed the pill back to her. She took it and popped it into her mouth, washing it down with a swig from a water bottle she pulled out of her purse. When she looked at him, his mouth was hanging open in horror.
“Did you…did I just see…?”
Mia turned and picked up the drinking glass and withdrew it from the bag. “I don’t have this in a bag because I’m trying to preserve fingerprints, Jack. I know your people checked every inch of Dave’s place for prints and found nothing except his.”
“I can’t believe you just did what I think you just did!”
“I know and I have to say having you here is a comfort to me since I’m not exactly sure what to expect from the effects of the pill.”
“Why did you do that?” he bellowed.
“Honestly, I need you to calm down, Jack,” Mia said, leaning back in her chair and closing her eyes. “I’m hoping to get an accurate assessment of the effects of this drug and it’s remarkably more difficult when you’re yelling at me.”
A gentle feeling of wellbeing seemed to engulf Mia and she opened her eyes expecting to see a benignly beaming Burton. Instead, she was surprised to see him on his feet, his hands on his hips as if he were preparing to do battle.
“I need an answer, Mia,” he said, breathing heavily. “And I need one right now or I’m walking out that door.”
“No, you’re not,” Mia said, smiling easily at him, her feeling of confidence in him growing by the moment. “I’ve just taken an illegal drug that I have no idea as to the effects on my system. You won’t leave me.” She grinned at his discomfiture and covered her mouth to try to tamp down the burst of laughter that was bubbling up inside her.
Oh! It had been so long since anything made her want to laugh until her sides ached. Just the look on his face made her want to howl with laughter.
“Oh, stop! Stop!” she said, gasping, holding her sides and rocking in her chair. “The look on your face…!” And she rolled around the chair, trying to control herself but really not caring.
“Any time now,” he said sternly, reseating himself. “I’m waiting for an explanation.”
“Yes, yes,” she said, wiping tears from her eyes but reluctant to let the pleasure and the joy go just yet. She straightened up in the chair, careful not to touch anything but the glass. From what she’d read on the Internet, even normal people’s sense of touch was intensified on the drug. A more sensitive reaction to touch was the last thing she needed. With delicate hand movements, she addressed the glass on the desk in front of her but spoke to Burton.
“I have a bizarre and largely handicapping ‘gift,’ Detective,” she said, feeling the effects of the drug course through her body like repetitive waves of pleasure and peace. “Have you ever heard of retrocognition?”
She glanced at him and saw him pull in his shoulders. His face twisted into a scoff.
“ESP?” he said, the derision thick in his voice.
“No,” Mia said. “ESP has to do with knowing something without using any of your five senses. Retrocognition is knowing something specifically through just one sense. For me—and my mother—it’s the sense of touch.”
“Okay.”
“You don’t have to believe me,” she said, amazed that his skepticism wasn’t annoying her as it normally would have. “But it’s true. I can touch something and know who else touched it in the past and even what their mindset was when they did.”
“And you’re going to tell me something about this glass?”
“I’m going to tell us both something,” she said, reaching out and lifting the glass in both hands. “Before this moment, I only knew there was something funny about it that was different from the other glasses.”
“Something funny.”
“That’s right. I could tell it had been handled by a woman…”
“Probably the police tech.”
“Possibly.” Mia smiled. Burton was at least playing along with her. “But it was different from the other glasses. Its contents were also very different.” She put the glass down and sighed and then looked at him with a smile. “I didn’t know until this minute what made the glass different but now I do. It was a vehicle for the drug, Ecstasy. And not just a little bit.” Her smile faded as she looked at the glass. “But an awful lot of it.”
The two of them sat quietly for a moment, not speaking.
“How do you feel?” he asked her finally.
She looked at him. “I’m happy,” she said. “I feel happy.”
He nodded.
“I guess that’s what Dave felt, too. Just before he died. Indescribably happy.” She shrugged. “Not a terrible way to die. Except it wasn’t his idea.”
“The woman who washed the glass, you think?”
She looked up at him and felt the smile coming on again. “You don’t have to patronize me, Jack. I don’t mind if it takes a while for you to wrap your mind around what I can do. I expect that.” She leaned over and touched his wrist. He flinched but didn’t pull away.
“How do you think I know so much about you? Your guilt? Your shame? Your anger?”
“I don’t know. Just by looking at my face, maybe?”
She laughed. “Everything seems funny to me at the moment,” she said. “Even things that I know aren’t funny.” She let go of his hand. 
“If what you say is true, does it bother you that your brother had Ecstasy?”
“You mean does it bother me to think he used it to seduce women? Don’t you know it’s okay to love someone in spite of them not being who you wish they were?” She pointed to the glass. “The woman who poisoned that glass wasn’t a victim,” she said. “We need to find her but first we need to confirm what I’ve just discovered.”
Mia stood up and stretched a kink out of her back. She felt like she’d just come back from a long trip. In a way, she had. Ever since she found that glass and knew there was something about it she didn’t understand—something crucial to what happened to Dave—she’d been restless to find the answer.
And now she had.
“You need to ask your friend, the medical examiner, to run a tox screen specifically for Ecstasy on Dave’s blood,” she said, not looking at him.
“I can’t ask for shit any more. I don’t work there.”
She turned to look at him. “I’ve done my part, Jack, and now it’s your turn unless you want to simply accept that my brother was killed by an overdose of Ecstasy at the hands of a woman. Call your friend. Tell her you’ll owe her one. That’s what friends do, Jack.”
“I’m not leaving you right now.”
“Of course not,” she said, smiling with all the hope and optimism that she’d ever felt before. “Because that’s what partners do.”
***
Karen snatched up the phone before it skidded off the stainless steel table. She forgot that putting it on vibrate tended to encourage it to bounce around on slick surfaces when it rang.
“Yes?” She hadn’t looked at the screen and now she was already annoyed with herself because she knew she was hoping it was him.
“Is this a bad time, Karen?”
“Oh, hey Trish,” she said, giving her assistant a nod to indicate he should carry on with the autopsy without her. “Give me just a sec to step out into the hall.” She hadn’t had time to even pull on her sterile gloves before the phone rang. It was just as well. Bennett was new and could use the experience.  She settled on a bench in the hall and leaned her back up against the wall. “Okay, I’m good. What’s up?”
“Oh, nothing really,” Trish said, but Karen heard the wobble in her voice.
“What is it, Trish? Is it Keith? Did something happen?” Karen had known Trish since their days together on the equestrian team at Auburn. While they’d taken two distinctly separate paths since college, Trish toward marriage and serious Christianityand Karen to med school and serial relationships, the kernel of their friendship had somehow survived.
“No, no, not really,” Trish said, her voice now coated with her sobs. “It’s my fault, Karen—”
“It is not your fault, Trish! God! Are you okay? Did he hurt you?”
Trish sniffled loudly. “Please don’t blame him,” she said. “It’s not me I’m worried about. He’s talking more and more about…”
“About what, sweetie?” Why does she stay with that asshole? She could have had anyone on campus. What does she see in him?
“Well, he was always this way about her only now he’s getting, well…obsessed.”
“About whom, sweetie?”
“Dave’s sister. Naomi or whatever her name is. She’s all he talks about and the things he says…”
Crap. This isn’t good at all. What’s the matter with that psycho? 
“Do you think he wants to hurt her?” Karen asked, chewing a cuticle.
“No, I…I don’t think so. I think he wants to…be with her. You know?”
“He wants to screw her.”
“Yes.” The tears came then for good and Karen knew there wouldn’t be much use in asking more questions. It didn’t matter. Trish was incapable of extricating herself from the situation and nothing Karen could say would help or make a difference. 
Unless you count just listening and being here for her ‘helping.’
“Go on and let it all out, Trish,” Karen said, her heart breaking for her friend as she listened. “I’m here.”
*****
This was not at all how the morning was supposed to go.
Burton swept the thick layer of dust and dirt into the dustpan then stood to survey the room. Mia was on the floor scrubbing away on a spot Burton was pretty sure was permanent. The dog had slept the entire morning, alternating between a pile of rags under one of the desks and Mia’s lap.
They’d made decent inroads in sorting the small office out in just a few hours. He’d flattened the empty boxes for pick up by the complex garbage company and moved the larger desk so that it faced the front window. They’d discovered a smaller desk under the boxes along with two mismatched armchairs and a file cabinet.
It still didn’t look like an office anyone would want to spend much time in. The front window faced the parking lot but gave little access to sunlight beyond what was required to illuminate the small waiting area.
Wasn’t this madness? There would be no waiting area. There would be no clients sitting in that waiting area.
He leaned on his broom and watched Mia hop to her feet and dash to the window, a clean rag in her hand. He watched as she energetically attacked the window, producing more streaks than eliminating them. He fought a grin that he had no idea was right below the surface.
Was this just the craziest girl he’d ever run into? Taking Ecstasy to confirm that was the drug in the glass? He shook his head. No, she took it to prove to him that Dave hadn’t died accidentally.
“Hey, you stopped working.” She was standing by the window, hands planted on her hips, glaring at him. There was a distinct flush to her face.
“How you feeling?” he asked.
“Isn’t it supposed to make me horny?”
He coughed. “I don’t think it’s an aphrodisiac. It just lowers your guard.”
“Well, check!” She grinned at him wolfishly and again, it was all he could do not to laugh.
This was the second time in three run-ins with Mia Kazmaroff that he realized he was enjoying himself. He registered he was attracted to her. Who wouldn’t be? She had a killer bod and expressive, magnetic blue eyes. But it was more than that. He realized he was drawn to her. To her words, her expressions, the way her mind worked.
I figure, Dave, if I can keep my hands off your sister for the next twenty-four hours, I’ll never owe you another thing ever again.
“Hello? Burton?”
“Don’t call me by my last name.”
She dropped the rag on the desk and collapsed into one of the armchairs they’d uncovered. “Did you get ahold of your medical examiner girl friend?”
“She’s not my girlfriend.”
“That really wasn’t the biggest part of my question, Jack.”
“I called her when I stepped out for the cleaning supplies. She thought I was nuts.”
“But she’ll do it?”
“Probably. People tend to humor friends who are having obvious nervous breakdowns.”
“Is that what she thinks is happening to you or is that what you think is happening?”
“I hadn’t given it much thought.”
“Liar.” She hopped back up and began to instantly jog in place, her full breasts bouncing up and down under her tight t-shirt. Burton gave a silent groan.
“It's entirely possible,” she said, panting, “that I'm feeling the effects of this drug more intensely than most people. You know, because of my thing.”
“What are you feeling?”
She stopped and looked out the front window. The morning had morphed into a grey afternoon and it had started to rain. “Mostly that people are good and you, in particular, are good.” She turned to look at him. “But misunderstood. Although Carol did say you were dishy…or was that Edie? But I guess you don’t need paranormal abilities to see that.”
Burton snorted. “Is that what you call it?”
“What would you call it? If you were trying to be nice?”
He went to pick up one of the empty coffee cups and put it back down again.
“Dave once brought home a murder weapon from one of your cases,” she said.
He looked up with interest.
“He wasn’t keeping it. I think he just ran out of time and it was easier to bring the gun home. Anyway, when I touched it…” She shivered and turned from him. “Okay, you know what? Forget it. This is really killing my buzz.”
“When you touched it…?”
She wrung her hands and then shook them as if trying to get something sticky or unpleasant off her fingers. “Fine. When I touched the gun I could see what happened. I…I felt it. When I told Dave what I was feeling, he said that I’d just described the murder as it had happened.” She looked over at him. “But you don’t believe it, do you?”
“I’m really not into ghosts and extra-sensory shit,” he said. “No offense.”
She shrugged and sat on the edge of the main desk. “None taken. You know, rumor was that Dave was sleeping with your ex-wife.”
Well, he hadn’t expected that. He walked to the wall to look at the thermostat. “I’ve heard that rumor,” he said. “Does this mean you’re still looking at me as a suspect?”
“Would you be here now if I was?”
He ignored the question and scooped up the dog in his arms. “How about you come with me and let’s pick up some sandwiches,” he said.
Was it bizarre that he was in absolutely no hurry to leave?
She picked up her purse and headed for the door. “Goodie,” she said. “We can stop by the barn along the way and see how my horse is doing.”
“Where is this horse?”
“Alpharetta.”
“In what world is Alpharetta anywhere near Atlantic Station?”
She stood at the door and smiled at him. “In my world, Jack. In my drug-fueled, happy little world. It is right on the way.”
They drove to the barn—thirty-two miles due north—stopping for deli sandwiches along the way. Mia insisted on a pasture-picnic, which Burton indulged. He wasn’t surprised to see her pick at her food. People high on Ecstasy didn’t eat—or sleep. He figured it would be sometime tomorrow before she finally came down. Amazingly, that was fine with him.
One of the benefits of not having any pets, he thought, as he watched her climb the pasture fence and call one of the horses over to her, you’re free to be as flexible as you like. He dragged his eyes away from her perfect ass in those tight jeans to focus on the horizon. 
The pasture was ringed with Georgia pine just on the other side of the Chattahoochee. Mia said she used to ride the banks of the river every Saturday morning until her doctor and better judgment made her give up riding. When she turned to him, her face laughing at having fed her pickle to one of the horses crowding the fence, he thought for one mad moment that he might be in love with her.
Jesus! Had he ever felt this way before? Is this what they’re talking about when they say love at first sight or was he really losing every last one of his marbles? When he looked at her, when he listened to her, it was as if he’d never been with another woman before her. She was the one and she was the last person on earth he could ever be with.
She jumped down from the fence, the little dog trotting by her side, and walked back to where he sat on the car hood.
“Is one of those yours?” he asked.
She shook her head and, picking up the dog, climbed onto the hood. “Nah. They belong to his gang though.”
“Why did you quit riding? Because of your fall last month?”
She settled the dog in her lap and touched her ankle as if to massage it.
“How is it, by the way?”
“Totally healed,” she said. “No, it’s because with this so-called gift of mine, the one you don’t think exists, I feel things too much. I didn’t used to but as I got older…I don’t know… I just began overthinking everything.”
“Maybe it was spending too much time touching murder weapons and imagining crime scenes.”
“Yeah, maybe.”
He gestured to the pasture. “So you feel the horse’s vibes or something?”
“Do you ride?”
Burton shook his head.
“Well, when you ride, you and the horse are in constant communion. But it’s subtle. A leg twitch here, an ear flinch there. It’s not all whoa-nelly, it’s really quiet. And if you’re too sensitive you end up miscommunicating. I knew I was losing a handle on it and when I came off during the competition last month, well, let’s just say I had been heading in that direction for a while.”
“Any chance you’ll ride again?”
She looked at him. “Once I learn to control it. Which I fully intend to do.”
“Must make life difficult for you, being so sensitive to inanimate objects, animals, people.”
“You have no idea. It’s why I’m still a virgin, frankly.”
Burton choked on his sandwich and Mia got to her knees to pound him on the back.
“Was it something I said?” she grinned at him, her breasts pressing in way too close for his comfort. She handed him a water bottle which he accepted gratefully.
His cellphone vibrated against the Jeep hood and she reached for it. He saw her glance at the screen before she handed it to him.
“Sorry,” she said. “I thought it might be Dr. Sanders.”
He saw it was Diane. For the fourth time today. He pressed Decline and tucked the phone away in his jeans pocket. Hopefully she wouldn’t try to retrieve it from there.
“She calls you a lot.”
“So you’re, what, twenty-five?”
“Twenty-eight.”
“And you’ve never had sex. That’s pretty unbelievable in this day and age.”
“I’m not a prude or cold or anything,” she said, sliding off the hood. “Just the opposite in fact, and should we be talking about this while I’m still tripping on a sex drug?”
“I think you’re safe with me.”
 Holy shit, did I really just say that? All I want to do is peel those jeans off her!
“I know I am.” She faced him on the ground. “Come on, I want to check on my horse at the barn. Then we can go back. I appreciate you driving. Once this thing has worn off, I want to pick up Dave’s car. They’ve got it in the police impound lot.”
“It probably won’t be out of your system until sometime tomorrow.”
“That is extremely inconvenient.” She scowled at him as if it were his fault. “Meanwhile, I don’t need a babysitter. Clearly, I won’t be jumping off buildings or anything.”
“I’ll stick around.”
“Noble but unnecessary,” she said, grabbing up the papers from their lunch and stuffing them into the sandwich bag, after throwing a crust to the dog.
“Nonetheless.”
“What? You’re going to spend the night with me?”
“That’s the plan,” he said. “Unless I can talk you into going back to your mother’s tonight.”
She made a face. “She’ll know the second I walk through the door what I’ve done.”
“So it’s decided.”
“I don’t even have a bed at Dave’s place,” she said, beginning to take on a shade of a little girl’s voice.
Of course she wouldn’t want to sleep in Dave’s bed. Should he take her back to his place?
“I’ve got some blow-up mattresses,” he said. “We’ll swing by my place and get them on the way back.” He watched the fretfulness fade from her face with his words. And when it did, he realized he wanted to take care of her, to always be the one to erase her fears and concerns.
Jesus, I’m in deep, he thought. And with Kazmaroff’s sister, no less.
As they got into the car, Burton’s phone rang again. He raised an eyebrow at her and she grinned as he pulled it from his pants and looked at the screen.
“It’s Karen,” he said.
Mia turned toward him, her face wreathed in hopeful expectation.
“Hey,” he said. “What did you find?”
“I can’t believe I did this,” she said on the other end. “You know we have a backup of six weeks for basic tox screens?”
“I know. I owe you.” He glanced at Mia and she grinned and nodded.
“He tested positive for Ecstasy,” she said. “Rohypnol, to be exact. In overdose amounts. How did you know?”
Burton couldn’t take his eyes off Mia who was hungrily waiting for the news. “I didn’t,” he said. “But a friend of mine had a hunch. Thanks, Karen.”
“I’ll collect on that debt, Jack,” her voice purred over the line.
“Sure. Anytime. Bye.” He disconnected and sat holding the phone as if stunned.
“It’s true, isn’t it?”
“He overdosed on Ecstasy.”
“I read on the Internet that that’s not easy to do. It would have to be deliberate to take so much you died from it.”
“I know.”
“So we’re looking at either suicide or murder.”
He turned to look at her, her bright blue eyes, so intelligent and piercing. “I guess we are.”
“May I ask what you think about the possibility that my brother killed himself?”
Jack put the car into gear and began to back out of the dirt parking lot. “Put your seat belt on, Mia.”
“Did my brother commit suicide, Jack?” Her voice was strong, nearly goading. 
It wasn’t a question.
He focused on the road while the nauseating feel of the punch to the gut that Karen’s news had delivered began to work on the sandwich he’d just eaten. “No,” he said, finally. “There’s no way Dave Kazmaroff killed himself.”  


Chapter 8

That night, they ate take-out Indian food in Dave’s condo. Burton brought a change of clothes with him when they stopped at his place for the mattresses, and Mia pulled a dress shirt out of her brother’s closet to sleep in. They watched television on Dave’s couch and spoke very little.
Burton knew she was processing the news which confirmed how Dave died. As certain as she was that Dave had been murdered, the confirmation was still a shock. He forced himself to stop asking her how she was doing.
How would anyone be doing under the circumstances?
The effects of the drug were obviously wearing off. Her manic energy was gone and so was the ebullience she’d exhibited all day long. Toward the end of the last TV show that they watched, she gave a little sigh and moved to sit close to him. When she put her head on his shoulder, without thinking, he put his arm around her.
What was she feeling? What was that hyper-sensitive touch thing telling her now? At one point, he thought he felt her trembling under his arm. When he did, he felt himself grow hard. Unable to push her away, he stared at the flat screen and tried to focus on the storyline.
That wasn’t going to happen.
She turned to him, her face inches from his mouth. She had showered after dinner and wore a light fragrance of lilac and citrus about her. Dave’s shirt hung well below her knees and Burton tried not to think if she was wearing anything under it.
“You promised,” she whispered.
He looked down at her, his eyes going to her pink, full mouth. “What?”
“You said if I could prove it wasn’t accidental, you were in.”
He nodded, tearing his eyes from her lips to her slowly closing blue eyes. “I did,” he said.
“So we’re partners,” she said as her head dropped to his shoulder. “Because you promised.”
He gave her shoulders a squeeze, grateful that the moment had passed and he hadn’t kissed her. Dear God, he had been so close to doing exactly that.
He heard the sounds of the dog lapping water from its bowl in the kitchen. He cleared his throat.
“I did and we are,” he said huskily, turning back to the television screen. He waited until he heard her faint snores and then turned off the set and eased her down onto the couch. When he did, her shirt rode up to her hips revealing toned long legs and a glimpse of lacy cream-colored panties.
As if seeing them was any better than imagining the alternative. 
He pulled a cotton blanket over her and clicked off the light before stripping down to his boxers and lying down on the inflated mattress next to the couch. If she awakened, he’d know it. If she went to the bathroom in the middle of the night, he’d know it. If she so much as coughed, he’d know it.
He watched her sleeping face for a moment, resisting the urge to kiss those half-open lips, and then lay down on his makeshift bed. And for all the discomfort of a bulging erection that would not be satisfied tonight, he couldn’t remember a time when he had been so completely happy.

The next morning, while he was making breakfast in Dave’s kitchen and mulling over the absurdity of the fact that he was making breakfast in Dave’s kitchen, Mia showered again and dressed in her clothes from the day before. As he worked, he heard her in the living room moving around.
“Breakfast,” he called as he placed heaping plates on the pass-through bar to the eat-in kitchen.
She came immediately and looked at the plates with frank delight.
Is there anything makes a cook feel better than being appreciated? he thought, as he drank in her pleasure.
“Oh my God, that looks amazing!” She grabbed a plate loaded with eggs, toast and grits and settled down at the kitchen table. He brought in two mugs of coffee.
“Your brother has an espresso machine,” he said. “Are you sensitive to caffeine?”
“I’m sensitive to everything, but I hope you gave me a shot.”
He grinned. “Not that you need it after the last twenty-four hours, but yeah, I did. What were you doing in the living room?”
She attacked her plate like a starving woman, which Burton figured wasn’t too far from the truth. Around a mouthful of bacon and scrambled eggs she said, “I’m making a murder board. I figure we can hang it downstairs. But if we want to keep it secret, maybe we shouldn’t.”
“A murder board?”
She frowned. “Like they had on Law and Order last night? A board listing all the suspects? And photos? Isn’t that something cops do?”
“Oh, sure. I just wasn’t sure I’d heard you correctly.” Burton sipped his latté and made a mental note to pick up an espresso machine on his way back to his place. Just the thought of leaving her put a dent in his good mood. “So who do you have on it?”
“Well, all the women he knew, obviously.”
“Obviously.”
“Jack, seriously. My senses tell me a woman handled that glass.” She frowned at him. “And poison is a woman’s weapon.”
“You’ve been reading Agatha Christie.”
“Murder She Wrote.”
“Same thing. So what women are on your list?”
She shrugged. “You’ll see,” she said. “My God, this is so good. So you cook?”
“I like to cook. I don’t do it much. Just for myself.”
“You and the dog, you mean.”
A flash of light glimmered briefly in the kitchen from the living room as if the sun reflected off a moving car outside. Burton stood up and went to the living room window and looked down into the parking lot. A dark blue Ford with blackened windows was parking four spaces down from the storefront.
“Is our tail still there?”
He let the curtain fall back and returned to the table. “You know them?”
“Well, not personally, but I’m pretty sure my Mom hired them to look out for me.”
“Is that the sort of thing she would do?”
“She’s done it before. It’s a control thing. Once they report back to her that I’m with you, I expect she’ll let them go.”
“Is she expecting you to do something crazy?”
“Gee, I dunno, Jack. You mean like go off on the entire Atlanta detective squad at a funeral and then maybe later pop a date-rape drug?”
“Okay, she might have a point.”  
“I had to put Diane on the list,” Mia blurted. “I’ll interview her if you don’t want to.”
“Diane? My ex-wife, Diane?”
“I’m not singling her out. I also have Carol and Heather on the list.”
He shrugged. “Fair enough. Why not Trish?”
“Okay, sure. Why not my Mom?”
“You don’t think Trish is a suspect because you like her? Or because you think she’s all church-lady and wouldn’t hurt another human being in a million years?”
“Fine. She’s on the list.”
“Now the men.”
“You’re really on board, aren’t you?” She grinned at him over her breakfast, her eyes dancing. “We’re really going to do this. We’re going to find out who did it.”
“We’re going to try.”
“Don’t kid me, Jack. You and Dave had an unprecedented record of case closings. You’re the best there is.”
“Do you even know how to interview a suspect?” he asked, pushing away from the table. “I mean in a way that won’t get you arrested?”
“My interview methods will involve my touching each of the suspects.”
“And you think you can tell just from that?”
“Maybe not. But I can get enough clues to lead me in the right direction. I believe that. Which men?”
Burton sighed. “Well, Keith, I guess.”
“Keith was Dave’s best friend.”
“So he had opportunity and we won’t know about motive until we start digging.”
“Fair enough. Is that it?”
“For now. You didn’t know everyone Dave was connected with. What if it’s a random stranger he met that night?”
“I don’t think so. Remember he was to have dinner with me that night.”
Burton nodded. “And he was to have met me afterwards.”
She looked into the middle distance as if imagining the evening all over again. “There was just no way he would deliberately stand both of us up.”
“Yeah,” Burton said wryly, “because he and I were so close.”
She snapped her head back to him. “So why were you two going out?”
Burton stood up with the plates and headed to the kitchen. “We were trying to find a common meeting ground before we went our separate ways. Dave’s idea.”
“Sounds like him,” Mia said, tapping a finger against her bottom lip in thought. “Isn’t it weird that in the end that’s exactly what happened?” She looked at him, her eyes bright with the tears she was holding back.
“Yeah,” he said gruffly, turning from the sight of her looking at him with those big blue eyes. “Totally weird.”

***
“I told you not to call me.” Keith sat in his unmarked police car, his eyes on the crack house on the corner in front of him. He’d spent the night jammed into the front seat drinking Yoo-Hoo and eating beef jerky. He hated these kinds of stake-outs. He wasn’t even sure what he was supposed to be looking for. Just sit and wait and watch.
“Well, I know that’s not because you care what your wife thinks.”
“You’re right, it’s not. But if your husband found out, I’d be off the force. And that I care about.”
“Sounds like a ready-made reason for you to be lots nicer to me than you have.”
Was the bitch crazy? Was she threatening him? Because surely she’d have to be crazy to do that.
Carol’s voice rose higher, beginning to hinge on shrill. “Maybe you should have thought about that before you decided to become a movie star.”
Yep, she was definitely threatening him.
“I’m not the only one who’ll have problems if that video gets out,” he said.
“Yes, but my problems involve a pre-nuptial,” Carol said. “Yours involve the unemployment line. I need to see you, Keith.”
“Not possible.”
“Dave’s death was ruled suspicious as I’m sure you know and it’s only a matter of time before—”
“Carol, I’m going to ask you to hang up now and not to call me again. If you keep your mouth shut, you have nothing to worry about. We have nothing to worry about.”
“I need to see you.”
Keith saw the door to the house creak open and two men emerged. They were both gang members and even from this distance he could see they were carrying. He took a moment to enjoy the thrill of the adrenalin pounding upwards from his gut to his brain. Without another word, he disconnected the phone and sat deep in his seat, watching the pair. 
He would like nothing better than to pull on these two dirt bags but he knew killing them without provocation would result in a suspension or worse. Thanks to the Atlanta media and its insistence on shining the light on everyone’s so-called civil rights, the department was hamstrung at every turn.
Spending all night on the crappiest street in the crappiest part of Atlanta’s Southside only to be rewarded with two gang members going out for a donut run was enough to make him want to put his fist through the windshield.
He pulled his gun out and dropped it in his lap as he watched the men climb into a pickup truck and drive away. As he stroked his gun in his lap, he reminded himself that there were other ways of getting the job done. There were always other ways.



Chapter 9

Had there ever been a more beautiful morning? Or had he just never looked around before today? Burton glanced at the scruffy little dog in the passenger seat with her nose pressed up against the window. He cracked the window and the dog scrambled up the arm rest to push her head outside.
Yeah, that’s kinda how I feel, he thought with a wry grin. In love with my dead partner’s sister. Never in a million years would I ever have thought that sentence would pass through my mind, let alone be true.
It had to be love. He wanted to touch her more than he wanted to take his next breath but that wasn’t all of it. Is it infatuation or love when you can’t wait to hear the next words out of her mouth? Or when the sound of her laughter makes you want to sing out loud?
Oh, yeah. I may not be a smart man, he thought as he pulled onto Peachtree Road from Spring Street, but I know what love is when it hits me over the head with a two by four.
The morning and the faded effects of the drug had brought out Mia’s business side, he thought ruefully. As soon as they were awake and fueled with coffee, she was outlining their tasks.
Their separate tasks.
He was to submit the paperwork that would make their partnership and their agency legit and she would collect Dave’s car from the impound lot. He offered to go with her but obviously the lack of a party drug in her system made their partnership seem less like a date to her and she’d insisted they’d get more done apart.
The plan was to meet up again tomorrow morning in the downstairs office and hammer out an overall approach to the investigation. He sighed and glanced over at the dog again. 
Damn thing needs a name. Because who am I kidding? I got myself a dog.
***
Mia paid the taxi and walked to the guard hut in the impound lot. She knew it would’ve made more sense to have Jack drive her here and she wasn’t sure exactly why she wasn’t comfortable with the idea.
Probably because somewhere in the last twenty-four hours I started fantasizing about him putting his arms around me and drawing me in close against that big, hard…
“Miss? You got paperwork?”
Mia reddened and shook out the folded voucher for the car. “A blue Mustang,” she mumbled, although of course the paper would tell the man all he needed to know.
Whatever it she was starting to feel for Jack Burton—and let’s don’t play games here, I find him way too hot to handle—had to be put somewhere in her mind safe and far away. While she trusted him completely to do his best in the investigation—it is, after all, what he does best—she knew too much about him through Dave as well as her own tactile explorations not to know he would be very bad news romantically.
Besides, it would screw up our business model big time.
She looked up when she saw Dave’s blue Mustang approach and instantly felt a searing pang of sorrow. Always before when she watched this car drive up it had been her brother behind the wheel. She steeled herself against the pain as it cascaded over her in waves.
Miss you, Dave, she thought as she watched the attendant get out of the car. Miss you like fire.
***
Diane made a point of ordering a decaf as she waited for him to show up. She’d already had too much caffeine before he called but that couldn’t be helped. She reran the tapes in her mind for the hundredth time to gauge what Jack’s mood had been like when he called her.
He called me!
She took a sip from her decaf macchiato and watched the customers as they entered the coffee shop. She’d made a point to face the door. She knew him so well, she could pick up on his mood from fifty yards away just by the way he walked. She’d done it enough times.
It had taken her an hour to find just the right outfit to wear. She hadn’t wanted to look like she’d tried too hard. In fact, she wanted to appear as if she hadn’t changed her schedule at all to meet him. She debated wearing yoga pants but decided they weren’t forgiving enough so she went for a pair of dark shapewear shorts that passed for athletic wear. He’d always loved her ass. Today she’d make sure he remembered what he’d been missing.
Even anticipating his entry, he was through the door and halfway to her table before she saw him. Surprised, she knocked over her coffee, spilling it onto her lap. She stood up and grabbed at the stack of napkins on the table but he was already wiping up the spill on the tabletop.
“Hey, Diane, let me help you with that.”
“Jack, it’s so good to see you,” she said breathlessly.
He sat down.
“Aren’t you going to have coffee?” she asked too brightly, reseating herself.
“Nah, I’ve already had too much.”
Why couldn’t I have just skipped it too? Always making things harder than they need to be…
“I’m…glad you called, Jack.” When she looked at him to see what his mood was she was startled to see him smiling at her. Had she ever seen him this relaxed? The thought came to her so suddenly that it was impossible to stop the smile from forming on her lips.
He wants to reconcile!
“Look, Diane,” he said, “I’ll get right to the point. I know you’ve been calling a lot and you have some things you want to say to me—”
“Yes, yes, Jack. Thank you. I really need to tell you how sorry I am about…everything.”
He held up a hand to stop her and she felt her heart squeeze in her chest. Surely, if there was a chance in this world he could forgive her, it started with her apology?
“I appreciate that, Diane. We all make mistakes and you were clearly miserable.”
“No! No, it wasn’t that bad at all. I was just stupid and…and…” Now that she had his attention, all the rehearsed apologies, the eloquent statements of contrition were gone from her head. Saying I’m sorry is easy. Saying why I did it is a whole other thing.
“I wanted you to know I don’t blame you,” he said.
She stared at him, her words stuck in her throat. He didn’t look angry or resentful. He looked…over it.
“Oh,” she said.
“It didn’t work out and if it’s anyone’s fault for that, then it’s probably mine.”
That wasn’t good. If he was accepting blame for her infidelity, he was cutting her loose once and for all.
“I’d like to part as friends but I needed to tell you I’m sorry to your face,” he said.
“Friends.” 
His eyes were calm, his brow was clear. He was no longer tortured about what had happened between them. That was clear.
He had met someone. That was even clearer.
“If that’s possible,” he said.
“Yes,” Diane said, her voice a low whisper. “I’d like that.”
“Great. Very good. Thanks, Diane.”
She watched his fingers drum on the table and she realized he was about to leave. All the excitement of the morning, getting ready, wondering why he called, all the nerves and hope about a new beginning were well behind her now. All that was left was to watch him walk away for good, to delete his number from her phone, and to let him move on.
She reached out and grabbed the hand that was tapping the table and he didn’t pull away. “I was so sorry to hear about Dave,” she said impulsively, desperate for any reason to keep him a little longer. He frowned and looked over her shoulder as if working to assemble difficult words together. She knew he hated Dave and so the pause surprised her.
“Speaking of Dave,” he said, still looking over her shoulder. “Turns out he died under suspicious circumstances.”
She watched him turn his gaze back to her. And this time the friendliness was gone.
“What does that mean?” she asked, releasing his hand before he pulled it away.
“Means it looks like someone killed him.”
Why is he telling me this? Diane picked up another napkin and began to wipe the completely dry table. “Carol told me his death was ruled accidental.”
“Not anymore.”
“How awful.” What did he want her to say? Where was this going? But she had a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach that she knew exactly where it was going.
“You spend much time with Dave alone?”
And there it was.
“If you are referring to the rumor that Dave and I had something beyond a purely nominal relationship…”
“It doesn’t matter about you and me, Diane,” he said, his eyes now cold and direct. “I just need to know.”
“So you can…so you…am I a suspect?” She knew her mouth was hanging open and she didn’t care. Going from a meeting with the man you were still in love to being told, not only that that’s not possible, but that he thought you might have killed his partner was pretty much the top contender for the worst morning in her life so far.
“I’m just asking a question, Diane.”
“You’re just asking did I kill Dave?” She knew her voice was getting shrill, but at this point she didn’t really care. From the look on Jack’s face, it seemed he did.
“Can you keep your voice down?”
“If you chose a public place to accuse me of killing your partner in hopes it would keep me from making a scene, you are more addle headed than I thought!” She stood up, knocking her chair over backwards in the process. As she felt the indignation and anger welling up in her chest, it occurred to her that stomping out on him felt good. It certainly beat sipping cold decaf after getting dumped.
“Screw you, Jack,” she hissed as she grabbed her bag. She took a step away and then turned to him. “Just like I screwed Dave,” she added.
It wasn’t until she was all the way to the parking lot that she began to regret her parting shot.
***
Mia hit redial on Maxwell’s private number for the tenth time that day. The fact that it went straight to voice mail told her all she needed to know. Maybe she should call Carol? Maybe she should invite herself over for dinner and be there waiting for him when Maxwell came home for dinner?
She tossed her phone down on the couch in Dave’s apartment—I guess I need to start thinking of it as my apartment—and stripped her clothes off in the middle of the living room leaving them on a pile on the floor. She enjoyed the feeling of walking naked across the room to the bathroom. There were no windows this high up that mattered, unless the Tom had a helicopter as well as a high-powered lens. She showered quickly, then dried off and pulled on a pair of light-weight sweatpants and a long sleeve tee shirt.
When she settled down onto the couch and looked at her cell phone, she saw she had no calls.
Why is Maxwell ignoring me?  She opened the fast food bag she’d picked up on the way home from her visit with her mother and pulled out a hamburger wrapped in wax paper. She didn’t have to worry about leaving the sandwich on the coffee table tonight, she mused. No hungry puppy to guard against. When she thought of the dog, she automatically thought of Burton.
He’d made it clear this morning he would prefer to spend the day together. 
Boy, that’s a turn-around, she thought as she bit into her sandwich. But she was pretty sure they were getting more done separately than double-teaming. She was sure he and Dave used to split up when they worked a case.
Dave. The drive to her mother’s in his car had been difficult on every level. First, Mia was bombarded by a strong fragrance—front and back seats—that she was sure she’d smelled before but couldn’t place. Second, she was picking up on a vibe that felt like the one when she touched the poisoned drinking glass. She couldn’t tell whether it was because it was the same woman in both cases, or just the same emotion. Detecting the nuances in her gift was still, largely, beyond her abilities, although she was working on it harder than she’d ever been motivated to do before.
And of course, the third and worst of all the sensations of driving Dave’s car was the overwhelming feeling of his presence. So much so, that at one point, she thought she might even see him—like she was sometimes able to do with her father when she touched his beloved remote control.
Seeing a hologram—or whatever it was—was nothing like a visit from the real person. It was just a sad, life-size video reflecting how badly you wanted to see the person again. Mia dropped her sandwich on the coffee table, her appetite killed. She waited as her eyes filled with tears and when she finally closed them, they streamed down her cheeks.
When her phone rang, she was tempted to ignore it, so perversely enjoyable was it to abandon herself to her pain.
It was Jack.
“Hey,” she said, clearing her throat and hoping he’d speak to give her time to get a grip.
“What’s wrong?”
No such luck.
“Nothing. Tell me about your day.”
He blew out a breath and she had a vision of him getting comfortable on the sofa at his place, probably with the little dog on his lap, his legs on the coffee table, crossed at the ankles.
“Well, I got us registered,” he said.
“Yay.”
“And I talked to Diane.”
Mia sat up. “You did? That’s great. Did she sound guilty?”
He grunted. “Not particularly. Honestly, I probably could’ve picked a better time.”
“How so?”
“It doesn’t matter. How about you? You get Dave’s car?”
“I did. And I’m picking up the same perfume in it that I got from his bedroom.”
“Interesting.”
“And Maxwell’s screening my calls. Have you heard if they’ve reopened the case?”
“They have. Sort of.”
“What does that mean?”
“Look, Mia, we don’t really want to be investigating at the same time they are, you know? We’ll get in the way or they’ll think we’re getting in the way.”
“Who’s on the case?”
“A new guy. I’ve never met him.”
Mia wasn’t sure if it was good or bad that the case was reopened—especially if it meant she and Jack would be blocked from investigating. “How’s the puppy?”
“I named her.”
“Finally. Well?”
“Daisy.”
“As in the rifle?”
“Very funny.”
“Well, at least you’ve faced the facts of your custodial arrangement.”
He laughed. “Yeah, it felt good to actually buy her a food bowl with her name on it instead of using the one I make tapenade in.”
“You put her name on her bowl already?”
“I was speaking metaphorically.”
“Naturally you were. Well, not a terribly unproductive day, I guess,” Mia said, yawning.
“You sounded a little down when you first picked up.”
“No biggie.”
“I could come over if you want.”
Mia’s eyes widened as she realized that she did want. Very much. She missed his easy presence in the condo, double securing the locks, making tea in the kitchen, handing her the remote control instead of insisting on having it himself.
“Not necessary,” she said, yawning again. “I’m calling it an early night. But you and Daisy will be here first thing in the morning, right? I made appointments for us to talk to both Carol Maxwell and Heather tomorrow.”
“Wow, you have been busy. What’s that, Daisy? Oh, okay. Daisy says sleep tight.”
“Same to you, Jack,” Mia said, with a smile in her voice as she disconnected. She finished her sandwich, and turned on the TV. After thirty minutes, she clicked it off and found her thoughts straying to Jack Burton again.
From the way Dave described him, never in a million years would she have thought of Burton as a generous person tuned in to other people’s pain or feelings. Has he changed? Was it Dave’s death that changed him? Or had Dave been wrong about him?
She was sorry she hadn’t pushed Jack more on his conversation with his ex-wife. Mia hoped he wasn’t going to rule her out. He obviously had issues with her. She went into the bathroom to brush her teeth and resolved to talk to Diane Burton herself. When she finally settled down on the couch again, pulling a blanket up to her chin, she realized the day’s efforts—mostly emotional—had drained her. Praying she’d be able to shut off her mind, she closed her eyes and tried to make sleep claim her, with the sounds of midtown and the Connector a faint purr in the background outside the condo.
When she awakened, the Connector had gone silent and there was only the hushed, furtive sound of footsteps creeping up behind the couch where she lay.
 


Chapter 10

 Mia bolted upright, flinging the blanket from her as he launched himself onto the couch, grabbing for her face. Trying to scream behind the wide meaty hand clapped to her mouth and nose, Mia’s senses were overwhelmed by the smell and feel of her assailant.
He was dark and large. He smelled like he’d rolled in garbage before he came. One hand suffocated her while the other bunched her hands together, nearly crushing the bones in her wrists. She fell back onto the couch, gasping, and felt him straddle her, his hips high up on her chest.
“Shut up, bitch!” he whispered hoarsely, shaking her face with his hand. The pain as he gripped her shot straight up into her brain and the darkened living room began to ease into total blackness. “Open yo eyes! Open ‘em now!”
He shook her again but she felt his grip loosen. She fought to stay awake. He eased his weight off her chest but kept her pinned on the couch.
“You hear me, girl?”
Mia opened her eyes and saw that he was masked. She wouldn’t be able to identify him. If she lived through the night…
“Do you hear me?” he repeated louder, his voice thick with menace.
She nodded.
“You gonna leave it alone. You hear me? Leave it alone or next time I slit your throat. You get me?”
She nodded again. There was going to be a next time. She just had to live through the first time. The feel of his hand across her mouth erupted into a panoply of images, most of them too disjointed and unrelated to understand. The hand that held her had killed before, had killed recently. Her panic began to flutter in her chest like a trapped bird threatening to bash its skull against her rib cage.
“I should do you jes to make my point,” the man said, his eyes looking at her now as if trying to figure something out. “Only I doan gets paid to do that.” His hand holding both of her wrists let go and he grabbed her left breast. “You leave it alone or I-ma come back and cut it off, ya hear?” He gave the breast a harsh twist and tears of pain sprang to Mia’s eyes. Then he vaulted off her, ran across the room and out the door.
She sat up, shakily, wanting to run to the door and shut it firmly between them, lock it, pile chairs up against it. Instead, she turned her head and vomited onto the carpet.

***

 Burton sat on the couch, facing her. Two detectives examined the front door even though he’d already told them it hadn’t been forced.
Whoever Mia’s assailant was, he had had a key.
Burton opted not to ask Mia why she hadn’t gotten the locks changed. She looked fine, although the stain by the couch would suggest otherwise. After she’d called him—at three in the morning—he told her to call 911 and he’d be at her place in fifteen.
He’d made it in seven.
Now she sat on the couch in sweat pants and a loose tee shirt, clearly braless, with a blanket wrapped around her shoulders. Two dark bruises appeared on either side of her cheeks. He’d made a pot of coffee but seemed to be the only one drinking it.
After two decades of dealing with people who were the victims of violent crime, one thing Burton knew was that people at this stage needed to be told what to do. If he knew Mia, she’d shake out of it sooner than most, but for now, he’d step in. As soon as the detectives left, he held out his hand to her.
“Up you go,” he said. “Take your shower. I’ll make breakfast.”
“I’m not hungry.”
“Fine. Just put on what you were wearing yesterday. Is that this?” He scooped up a pair of jeans and a blue camp shirt from the living room floor and handed them to her. She took them in her arms and even allowed him to physically turn her around and nudge her in the direction of the bathroom. He started the shower for her, handed her a clean towel from the linen closet, then waited outside the door until he heard sounds that convinced him she was getting into the shower.
In the kitchen, he put four slices of bread down in the toaster and put on another pot of coffee. Every few seconds he stepped out into the hall to listen. There was a point between a stunned crime victim standing in a hot shower and letting the water pound down and do some real good—and someone going into an unproductive trance. At the moment Burton was thinking about breaking down the door, the water turned off and he could hear her moving around as she dressed.
He let out a sigh and went back to the kitchen to scramble the eggs. When she walked into the kitchen and sat down at the table, he saw that she was coming out of it. Her hair was wet and wrapped in a towel but she was dressed and when he set the plate of eggs and toast in front of her, instead of saying she wasn’t hungry, she reached for her fork.
He sat down at the table and poured her a large cup of black coffee.
“Somebody hired him,” she said finally, not looking at Burton as she ate.
“Sounds like it.”
“Was it Dave’s killer, you think?”
“I don’t know.”
“Do you think the cops will find the guy?”
“Maybe,” he said. “About now is when you wish we had those CCTVs that the Brits have on every street corner.”
“Why don’t we?”
“I don’t know. I’m sure it has something to do with our inalienable right not to be observed doing crimes or some such shit.”
He watched a brief smile break through across her face. He got up to tackle the dishes. “You gonna be okay to work today?” he said.
“Try and stop me.”
“That’s my girl,” he said, under his breath, surprising himself.
The fury and desperate helplessness that he’d felt when he got her call three hours ago was unlike anything he’d ever experienced before. Had he not cared for Diane? He didn’t know. Not like this anyway. All he knew was that the thought of some asshole with his hands on Mia made him want to pitch that someone out a twelve-story condominium window—without opening the window first.
“Did you remember I said we’re meeting with Carol and Heather today?”
He turned and wiped his hands on the dishtowel. “I did.”
“I don’t know about Carol but I need to talk to Heather alone. Otherwise, she’ll feel like she’s being ganged up on.”
“Okay. Where are you meeting her?”
“Mary Macs.”
“And Carol?”
“An hour later at your place. Something told me I’d have no trouble getting her over there.”
“You sure you feel okay?”
“I don’t feel okay, Jack. But I’m more determined than ever.”
“That’ll work.”

The parking at Mary Mac’s Tea Room off of Ponce de Leon was nonexistent as usual, Mia noted, which was why she was grateful she didn’t have to worry about it. Jack dropped her off in front of the restaurant and promised to collect her in an hour. She had exchanged her jeans for a skirt and ballet flats. Most of the patrons at Mary Mac’s this time of day would be Midtown business people—suits, mostly, and she didn’t want to stick out.
“Mia, darling!”
Mia saw Heather seated by the window. The two women air kissed cheeks and sat at a small table in front of the window facing Ponce de Leon.
“I am so glad you called, Mia,” Heather said. “I ordered for both of us. Do you mind? The fried chicken is to-die-for and I can’t imagine anyone not adoring it.”
Mia debated telling her that she was vegan but the memory of the burger she’d wolfed down last night tempered the urge. “No, that’s fine,” she said. “I haven’t been to Mary Macs in ages. I used to love their mac and cheese.”
“I know. That was Dave’s favorite, too,” Heather said, adopting a patently false look of sadness.
“Was everything okay between you and Dave, Heather?”
“If you call the fact that we were about to announce our engagement ‘okay,’ then, yes, Mia, we were very okay.”
“You were engaged? Dave never said.”
“Well, that’s the whole point of announcing it, isn’t it?”
Mia knew that her mother didn’t care for Heather. She was pretty sure Jess let Dave know it, too. The waiter came with two large plates of fried chicken, collard greens, sweet potato soufflés and cornbread and set them in front of them. A waitress appeared and replenished their glasses of sweet tea. Heather bent her head as if in prayer and then picked up one of the chicken pieces with her hands.
“Oh, my God, I’m so hungry,” she said, biting into the crisp chicken piece. Mia watched as Heather rolled her eyes in rapture over the bite she hadn’t finished swallowing before she took another.
Now that she really looked at her, Mia could see that Heather was a little on the chunky side.
“Are you not eating?” Heather said around a mouthful of collard greens. “Because I show grief different than other people. I hope you don’t think because I have an appetite that I’m not absolutely devastated about Dave.”
Mia reached for her iced tea and, instead, grabbed Heather’s wrist.
“Hey! Do you mind? What are you doing?”
Mia closed her eyes and tried to block out the restaurant noise and Heather’s protestations. She focused on her brother and tried to fuse the thought of him with the woman whose arm she held. A thought simmered in her mind and floated around tantalizingly before finally sifting down into her consciousness.
This was just a vain, vapid woman whom her brother used for sex. Heather didn’t have the brains or depth of emotion to mastermind the demise of her beau—if she’d ever wanted to.
“Mia, stop it!” Heather squeaked, pulling her hand away. “What is your problem?”
Mia watched Heather rub her wrist although she hadn’t held her tightly.
Probably more annoyed that I interfered with her eating hand than anything else, Mia thought, as she picked up her fork. “Sorry,” she said.
There was just nothing there.
“Have you tried the corn casserole?” Mia asked sweetly.

Jack was waiting for her out front. He’d obviously run home since Daisy was in the car with him. As Mia climbed into the front seat and pulled the little dog onto her lap, she noticed a small overnight bag in the back seat. Unless he was planning on taking a trip, she guessed he was spending the night at her place again.
Which suited her just fine.
“How’d it go?” he asked.
“She didn’t have anything to do with it.”
“Is that what she told you? Because you know the culprit is likely to be a big fat liar.”
“I told you, Jack, I don’t interview the same way you do.”
“So you gave her the touch test.”
“Basically, yes. And she passed. I felt nothing weird or violent about her.”
“If you say so. I’m assuming you don’t mind if we’re a little more traditional in questioning Carol?”
“Not at all. I don’t suppose the cops called?”
“You mean about the guy last night? No.”
“Does this mean we’re getting close to something?”
Burton gave her a look of complete incomprehension. “We haven’t done anything yet,” he said.
“We’re together. We’ve formed a partnership. Maybe somebody doesn’t like that.”
“Maybe you watch too much NCIS.”
“Okay, fine. Then is it Dave’s apartment? Because that’s the only common denominator. The guy said I’m supposed leave it alone. That’s what he said.” She shivered when she said it, recalling the man gripping her with his legs, his breath putrid and cloying. “What else could he mean? Leave it alone means stop trying to find out who killed Dave. What possible other meaning could it have?”
“I don’t know. I’ve been trying to think all morning. But if they know I’m involved…”
She watched his mind work as he drove. It didn’t make sense. Obviously she would run straight to Jack after the assault. And if anybody knew Jack Burton, they’d know there would be no leaving anything alone. Ever.
“Maybe it was a warning…for you?” she said, straightening out the curls in Daisy’s topknot. “Not me at all.”
“I thought about that too.”
The two of them were silent for the drive up Peachtree to Jack’s house. He lived in a neighborhood behind Garden Hills. Old fifties houses, two and three bedrooms, with older cars parked in the driveways. No garages, a few carports. Solidly lower middle class, Mia thought. It looked different in the daytime. Most of the homes had carefully tended lawns with the traditional dogwood and azaleas dividing the home sites. When they pulled into Jack’s driveway—cracked and buckled from years of use—she saw Carol’s BMW parked on the street waiting for them.
“I may have given her the idea it would just be you today,” Mia said.
“Really.”
He reached for the dog but she shook her head.
“I got her,” she said as she climbed out of the car.
Carol was walking up the driveway and even from this distance Mia couldn’t help but sense the woman’s disappointment at seeing her.
“Hi, Carol,” she called as Burton walked to the front door to unlock  it.
“Mia,” Carol said. She was dressed for the occasion, Mia noted. Skintight Capri pants and a form-fitting cashmere sweater with a plunging neckline. The annoying thing about cooler weather for a woman on the prowl, Mia thought, was that it forced her to cover up more than she wanted to.
Was Carol on the prowl? Mia shifted the little dog in her arms. If she could just get one hand on Carol, she’d know for sure if the woman had designs on Burton. That might not tell her much as far as her candidacy as Dave’s murderer, but it would at least be more information than they had before.
Mia put the dog down and put a hand out to steady Carol who was wearing heels and trying to navigate the broken driveway without tripping.
“Careful, there are hidden roots, too,” Mia said, touching Carol lightly on the arm.
“My, you really know your way around Jack’s place, don’t you?” Carol said none too sweetly as she pulled her arm away.
It didn’t matter. Mia got what she wanted. The woman was on fire she was so hot for Burton and seeing Mia here—even though it was Mia who had set up the appointment—had just cranked up her emotion. Mia smiled. Jealousy was good. It made people do emotional, rash things. It lowered their guard.  
“Ladies?”
Carol moved past Mia to where Jack was waiting on the front porch.
“I’m going to let Daisy wet the ground a bit, Jack,” Mia said and he nodded, ushering Carol into the house.
Let them have a moment, she thought. Let Carol have a moment. In fact, now that Mia was sure about the whole jealousy thing, she probably shouldn’t be here at all. She clapped her hands to the little dog who ran to her and sat, looking up at her.
“Somebody trained you, girl,” she said, ruffling the dog’s hair. “Let’s give your old man a few moments.” She turned and sat on the porch. The dog promptly ran up and sat next to her. Mia lifted her onto her lap and wrapped her arms around her. She bent her head to smell her and was surprised to realize that Burton had given the animal a bath.
Across the street, a man was trimming his hedge but spending a good deal of time trying to check Mia out without seeming to. He was in his seventies if he was a day. A girl over at Burton’s must not be an everyday occurrence, she thought. Especially not two girls. Mia waved to him and he looked away. A moment later, he waved back.
A loud crash from inside made the little dog start violently in Mia’s arms. She stood up, still holding the dog, and was about to go inside when the front door burst open and Carol stood there, her face flushed red with rage.
“I don’t know what you think you are doing,” she said to Mia, “but I will see that you are not allowed to…to disrupt normal people’s lives to ease your own grief. It’s just sick.”
“Carol…” Jack said as he appeared in the doorway behind Carol. Mia saw a large red handprint across his face. She was pretty sure he hadn’t gotten frisky with the suspect so the slap was all the more interesting.
“If you ever call me again…or get your girl to call me…I’ll take a restraining order out on you. Do you hear me? The both of you are pathetic. You’re lucky I don’t file a complaint today.”
Mia joined Jack in the doorway and the two of them watched Carol march up the drive to her car, slam the door and leave, tires squealing.
“What happened?”
“What happened was that she thought this was an assignation, Mia.”
“Look, I just needed to get her here. She was going to put me on her calendar for some time two months from now but you, I knew she’d make time for right away. So did you learn anything?”
“I learned that she might have been sleeping with your brother.”
“Well, we already knew that, right?”
“We did?”
“The perfume. Oh, I didn’t have time to tell you. Her perfume is the same that I smelled in Dave’s car and in his condo.”
“Thanks for the heads up.”
“Well, I didn’t really have time to tell you. And as you keep pointing out to me, women who slept with my brother aren’t really in exclusive company. She totally overreacted, don’t you think?”
“People tend to do that when they sense you’re questioning them as a suspect in a homicide.”
“So her storming out of here doesn’t tell you something?”
“Tells me she was pissed. How about you? I saw you grab her as she came up the walk. Smooth move, by the way.”
“All I got was jealousy. I didn’t focus on anything else, which was stupid. And I would’ve grabbed her when she was storming off just then but I was pretty sure all I was going to feel was rage. So I’d say we’re not done with her yet.”
They moved into the living room and Burton headed for the kitchen where, from Daisy’s immediate reaction, Mia assumed he was opening a can of dog food.
“Well, now what?” she asked as she walked around the living room. There was a trophy on the mantel for sharpshooting. When she touched it, she nearly recoiled from the sadness she felt in it.
“Now we just go down the list of suspects,” he called from the kitchen.
“I noticed your ex-wife hasn’t called you today.”
He came into the living room and handed her a glass of red wine. “You notice too much,” he said.
“Not if I’m supposed to be a detective,” she said, taking the wine.
“We did a more formal ending of our post-divorce period,” he said, as he poured his own glass of wine.
“When? Today? When you questioned her about Dave?”
“I told you it was bad timing.”
“Ya think? Why are we drinking wine? Are we done for the day?”
“Close enough. I’ll order Chinese.”
“I’m staying here tonight?”
“If that’s all right. I picked up a few of your things and threw them in a bag. Thought we’d mix it up a little. No sense being too predictable if you’re being watched. By the way, did you ever find out from your mother if those were her guys following you?”
She sat down. “No. I didn’t want to get into it.”
He handed her his phone. “Call her, please. Now.”
She took the phone but just held it. “But if she didn’t hire them, Jack, then she is going to be psycho worried if I ask her about it.”
“Did you tell the detectives this morning about them?”
She shook her head.
“From past experience,” he said gruffly, taking his phone back, “I have to say it really helps to have all the facts when attempting to solve a crime.”
“I was just so sure they were hers.”
“And now?”
She didn’t answer. He handed her the remote to the TV and the little dog ran into the room and jumped up onto the couch next to her.
“Daisy’ll keep you company. I’ll be back in five.” He gave her a meaningful look and went through the kitchen to the back deck and shut the door.
“Daddy’s annoyed with us,” Mia whispered to the dog as she pulled her onto her lap and pointed the remote at the flat screen TV.

Jack stood on the deck and dialed Mia’s mother’s number.
 “Mrs. Kazmaroff? This is Jack Burton. Your son’s partner on the force?”
“I know who you are, Detective,” Jess Kazmaroff said into the phone, her delight at hearing from him clearly evident. “I hope everything is going well with you? Mia told me you left the force to open up your own business.”
“Uh, yes, ma’am, that’s right.” Burton turned his attention to Peachtree Creek in his backyard. It was only a little after seven and the sound of rush hour traffic was still deafening. “The reason I’m calling is that Mia mentioned to me that you once hired a team of independent security to follow her…”
“Oh! I can’t believe she’s still mad about that. It was nothing. I had a couple of friends do me a favor and, honestly, Detective, if you could’ve seen some of the things that little scamp was into back then, you would not have faulted me. Not for one minute.”
“No, ma’am, and I’m not faulting you now only—and I could very well be mistaken except I prefer to err on the side of caution if you get my meaning—I was wondering if you’d done it lately.”
There was a pause on the line and Burton brought his attention away from the creek. Please let this be her about to confess that she hired them.
“I…no, Detective. I promised Mia I would never do something like that again and even Dave told me it was more likely to frighten her than protect her. Frankly, when I heard she was spending so much time with you, well, I have slept well these last nights, Detective, knowing she’s as safe as she can possibly be.”
Someone else was watching Mia.
“I see. Well, that’s good, Mrs. Kazmaroff…”
“Please call me Jess, Detective. Jack. I’m glad you called because it gives me the opportunity to thank you for looking out for her. I know Dave would appreciate it. And I want you to know that I do, too.”
“Sure. No problem. Glad to help. Well, that was all I needed. I hope you’re doing okay there.”
“I would love a visit from you and Mia. Perhaps tomorrow?”
“Uh, yes, okay. We can do that.”
“Wonderful! I’ll start baking tonight. Give her my love, please, Jack. And thank you again. A mother sleeps well in her bed tonight because of you.”
When Jack disconnected, he heard the sounds of a laugh track coming in from the living room where Mia was watching television. He stood listening, and feeling for a moment that his life had become very unreal.
What am I doing? What am I doing with this woman? Am I having some kind of mental breakdown? Is it possible to feel this connected to someone in such a short time?
He watched Mia’s profile through the dining room window, the puppy nestled in her arms and he felt an overwhelming urge to protect her.
No matter what.


Chapter 11

When Diane thought of all the times she’d prayed that Jack wouldn’t think to collect the rest of his belongings, she knew what she had really been praying for was that he’d forget this one thing. Everything else meant nothing to him, she knew. But this, she thought, eyeing the oblong box on the dining room table, this he will return for. One day.
The rain hadn’t let up all afternoon and the light in early November was gray and depressing. Calling in sick hadn’t helped. Every time she looked around her living room—her bedroom, the kitchen—she saw Jack. Even though this wasn’t the house they shared in their marriage, she had brought enough of their things to it that she knew in her heart she’d brought the essence of him, too.
How many times had he visited her here? Twice? Both times just to drop off useless items she’d left behind that she insisted she needed. One of those times, he’d asked about the few things she’d inadvertently packed up with her that belonged to him.
She told him she’d look for them. She certainly wasn’t trying to steal his stuff and he was quick to reassure her that he knew that. Still…they were valuable to him and if she could make the effort to find them for him, he would be grateful.
Just not grateful in a way that would change her life very much.
Tonight she had come so close to calling him and leaving the message that she knew he wanted to hear—that she’d found the box he was looking for.
She poured the last of the Pinot into her wine glass, surprised it was gone so soon. Just thinking of the fact that she’d have to leave a message made her clench and unclench her hands in fury. She couldn’t remember the last time he’d taken a call from her. And after that little scene in the coffee shop, she was sure he never would now.
She drained her glass and thought back to Jack’s insinuation that she might have something to do with Dave’s death. How had he made that leap? She was so sure he wouldn’t go there. She had never meant for it to go this far. Not with Dave, certainly. What a mistake that had been. And now with Jack.
Hadn’t she always known it would end this way? Hadn’t she always known their story would end in tears? She turned to the box and tried to shake off her disappointment. She would need to be in total control in order do this thing right, to finish their story. If she didn’t, she knew what the result would be.
She would end up alone. And Jack would move on to someone else.
And that could not happen.
With resolve, her stomach buckling, she positioned the shoebox in front of her on the dining room table—the table that he had made with his own hands the first year they were married. Everything he cared about was in this box. She could no longer wait for him to ask again.  
The photo was the first thing she unwrapped. Framed and ready for someone’s desk. Only this was one photo that would never be displayed. Under the photo was a packet of papers, an old passport and a twisted piece of metal, its edges still sharp.
On the bottom of the box, she found her ace in the hole, her last stand, her grand play. 
The moment her fingers touched the item nestled in the tissue paper, she felt a sudden peace that had eluded her since the day Jack walked out of her life. And she knew with sudden clarity and purpose, if not tonight, then soon.  
With trembling fingers, she pulled the Army issue handgun from the shoebox.

***

The remnants of the Mu shu pork littered the coffee table in little white boxes and Mia was annoyed by how much she’d eaten.
Way to show him how delicate you are, she thought before catching herself. This isn’t a date. We’re partners.
But somehow it kept coming back to feeling like the beginning of a relationship. How could Dave not have gotten along with Jack? she found herself wondering again as she sat on his couch, her feet tucked under her, the television droning. So much had happened so suddenly it was hard to keep straight in her mind what it was she was supposed to be doing.
Fortunately for both of them, Jack didn’t seem to be having that kind of trouble.
“Okay,” he said, pushing away from the devastation of take-out containers in front of him and picking up his wine glass. “Let’s line up the facts in no particular order. You’re being followed. You were attacked and warned not to investigate Dave’s death any further—”
“Dave was murdered.”
“I was coming to that.”
“Do you think it could be a departmental cover up?”
“In what way?”
“You know, someone on the force kills Dave and gets his pals to rule it an accident so nobody investigates.”
“They’re investigating it now.”
“Yes, but only after you had your doctor friend establish grounds for a suspicious death.”
“Let’s hold off on the theories until we can look at all the facts.”
“Continue.”
“We’ve got an attack on you and a successful attack on your brother.”
“Jack, I’m sure the attack on me was because I was looking into the attack on my brother. Don’t you?”
“I don’t know. But what we know for sure is that you aren’t safe—”
“And someone doesn’t want us investigating what happened to Dave.”
“Maybe.”
“And so far, with the exception of Heather, we haven’t been able to eliminate any suspects from our list.”
“You do know that touching people won’t hold up as any kind of evidence, don’t you?”
“It will at least get us pointed in the right direction. Speaking of which, why do you live here? Everything I touch in this place is full of sadness. It’s like a museum of artifacts all designed to bum you out.”
“Then don’t touch anything.”
“Isn’t this the same house you lived in with your ex-wife?”
“There’s nothing wrong with this house.”
“Except that it’s not a good house for someone who needs to move on. Why not find a nice house that was only the scene of a triple homicide or something? You know, jolly things up a bit.”
“You are very funny.”
“Then how come you’re not smiling?”
“I’m trying to figure out what our next move is.”
“That’s easy.”
“Oh?”
“Get everyone together in one big room, supply them with lots of alcohol so their guards are down and let me touch each one of them. I guarantee I’ll find the one who’s got a boatload of guilt or who’s just so mind-numbingly evil it’s ricocheting off of him in waves.”
“Okay, we are not going to do that.”
“So what’s your plan?”
“My plan is simple. Keep you safe. Keep updated on what the team actually assigned to this case is doing, and…no, that’s pretty much it.”
“No questioning suspects?”
“How’d that work out for us today?”
“You never told me why Carol slapped you.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
“Jack. We’re partners. She’s a suspect in the murder of my brother.” She pointed to his cheek. “That was an extreme reaction, some might say a guilty reaction.”
“She made a pass, I said no thanks, she got pissed.”
“Oh.” Mia frowned and felt a needle of jealousy work its way up her spine. She clenched her fists. “She has a lot of nerve. She’s married, right?”
“You know she is,” he said. “You also know she probably slept with Dave, and that the main reason you got her to come here today was by dangling me as your boy-bait. So how are you surprised?”
“I’m not.” But hearing the blow-by-blow and knowing it intellectually were two different things. She stood up, feeling suddenly antsy. “Where am I sleeping tonight? I’m happy to take the couch.”
Jack stood. “I’m taking the couch. There are too many windows in here.”
“You really think they’ll come after me again?”
“Why chance it?” he said, scooping up the dog. “Go ahead and change while I let Daisy out.”
Mia pulled out her sweatpants, tee shirt and short cotton robe from the overnight bag Jack had put together for her and found herself smiling. He was very observant to remember what she slept in. She changed and brushed her teeth and went back to the living room where he was putting sheets on the couch.
“I hate taking your bed,” she said.
“Don’t be. The couch is very comfortable.”
“Had occasion to sleep on it before, have you?” He looked at her in surprise. Mia had no idea why she said that. Was she trying to goad him? Was there something about Carol’s stunt today that Mia just couldn’t get past? Did she want him to say it wasn’t just Carol’s amorous attentions he wasn’t interested in but his ex-wife’s too?
“Can’t you tell just by touching it?” he asked, his eyes unreadable.
“You mean can I feel that it’s full of recent, unfulfilled sexual tension?” She saw him moving toward her and it wasn’t until much later that she realized she’d dropped her robe before he came for her. 
He caught her up in his arms, but her lips were on his before he’d even bent his face to her. The exquisite feel of his arms encasing her, lifting her off her feet, as she abandoned herself to the kiss radiated through her like an electric charge. She moaned and ran her fingers through his thick hair as he shifted her higher into his arms. She wrapped her legs around his waist and felt one of his hands drop to hold her ass.
“We shouldn’t…” he whispered, his lips on her neck, his kisses thrilling her from her throat to her left earlobe.
“Don’t talk,” she gasped. “And don’t stop.”
He tossed her on the couch and was on top of her. She felt him harden through his jeans and the excitement of knowing he wanted her—wanted her right now—was enough to make her drip with longing to feel him inside her.
Empty, she thought. That’s how it feels not to have him in me. Just empty.
She reached down to pull at his leather belt. She couldn’t undo it but she could let him know what she wanted.
He sucked in a sharp intake of breath. “Mia, no,” he said.
“Don’t tell me no,” she said, tugging harder on the belt. “Make love to me, Jack.”
He groaned and she felt him reach down and unthread his belt from his jeans in one swift movement. She felt a gush of liquid between her legs at the thought of how close they were. She pulled the waistband of her pants down. She didn’t even need to get them all the way off…
Her hand reached into his jeans and wrapped around his cock, ready and hard. When she touched him, she felt a surge of power and energy, like the beginning of all creation in her hand. The thought of that between her legs made her squirm with anticipation.
“Help me, Jack,” she panted. She moved the head of his shaft directly to the throbbing lips of her labia and nearly cried out with the expectation of the pleasure to come. She needed him to do the rest. “Come on, Jack,” she said, her eyes open and watching him over her, his face a mask of effort and concentration.
“No, Mia,” he said, his face twisted into what looked like physical pain. “We shouldn’t.”
“Who says we shouldn’t?” She grabbed his cock again and felt his essence slick against her palm.
With a single roar of anguish and frustration, he pulled away from her and staggered across the living room.
For a stunned moment Mia stayed immobile on the couch. Then she pulled her pants up and swung her legs off the couch. The insistent feeling of desire would not abate even in the face of humiliating rejection. She wanted to hit something. Or scream.
He stood facing away from her, his hands on his hips. “I’m sorry, Mia,” he said. “You’re very vulnerable right now and I—”
“Look, I get it, Jack,” she said getting up and moving to the bedroom. “I have no idea of what came over me and trust me, it won’t happen again.”
He turned to look at her. “You’ve got it all wrong.”
“I often do, Jack, so that doesn’t surprise me. I’m tired and am turning in. Thanks for dinner.” She went to the bedroom and shut the door between them. For a moment, she stood with her back to the door, her face flushed hot with embarrassment, and her swollen pussy so sensitive she didn’t think she could even sit comfortably.
How had she misread him? Hadn’t he reached for her first? Didn’t he want her?
She shook her head in mortification. How was she ever going to face him tomorrow?
She went to the full size bed and slipped between the sheets, knowing full well she’d never be able to fall asleep. She’d face him tomorrow by pretending it never happened. Knowing Jack, the last thing he’d want to do was talk about it.
She listened for sounds in the living room and heard his steps move to her door and then stop. She didn’t lift her head but saw the door open slowly—and then little Daisy, who had obviously been sitting by the door—flew into the room and settled down on the bed. Mia pulled the dog close in to her body and instantly began to relax.
Before she drifted off, it occurred to her that the feelings Jack had brought out in her tonight seemed to heighten her sense of her ‘gift.’ 
Amazingly, she found herself wondering if it was possible that the one thing she’d made sure to stay away from, sexual contact, was the one thing that could actually help her get it under control?
***
Technically, Burton thought, nothing happened. Except even without doing the deed, everything was changed. He cursed himself most of the night until the morning when it became clear that Mia was going on the if-we-don’t-talk-about-it-nothing-happened principle. Relieved but tormented by how much he still wanted her, it was all he could do not to be the one who broke down and trotted it all out in the open.
I can’t seduce Dave’s sister! The woman is still grieving. Plus, she’s in danger. Her damn mother just got through thanking me for looking out for her!
What a fool he’d been. Having her spend the night—Chinese take-out—like it’s some kind of bizarre date night when he was so into her he couldn’t concentrate on basic every day functions, had been pure madness.
The girl’s a damn virgin, for crying out loud.
She sat on the barstool at his kitchen counter sipping a large mug of freshly brewed coffee, her hands wrapped around the mug, her eyes downward as if drinking it took all her concentration. He’d made eggs again and pushed a plate across the counter to her but she shook her head.
“You should eat,” he said realizing he was saying it only because he didn’t know what else to say.
“What are you doing today?”
He couldn’t help notice how beautiful she looked this morning. Her complexion was radiant—even without a stitch of makeup that he could see—and her eyes were large and clear. Her lips….Dear God, this was impossible! He turned away from her to face the stove and the skillet of scrambled eggs.
“Not sure,” he said over his shoulder. “Might go into the office to see what the new team has.”
“Will they let you just come and go like that?”
“I’ll go in the side door, so to speak.”
“You mean, you’ll meet your doctor friend.”
He forced himself not to turn around. The tone was a jealous one and it made his stomach lurch pleasantly to hear it. He wanted her to be jealous. He wanted her to want only him. So why was he standing in the middle of his kitchen facing the other way, forcing himself not to pull her into his arms?
Oh yeah. For every reason he could think of.
“That’s right. I’ll meet her for coffee after I drop you off at your mother’s.”
“I thought you were coming too.”
“I’ll stop in when I pick you up.”
He heard the mug go down on the counter and he turned around.
“I’m ready now,” she said. “I’ll take Daisy out and wait for you in the car.”
“You know, I was thinking you might want to take Daisy permanently. She seems to prefer you.”
“Thanks. I was going to suggest it,” she said, turning to stride to the front door, the little dog at her heels.
 
 An hour later  Burton drove her to her mother’s house. Mia got out of the car, the dog in her arms, without saying a word to him. It was pretty clear to her that he’d checked out on the whole investigation—preferring to hear from others what they might or might not uncover. She tried to hide her fury on the ride over but she was never very good at that.
“I’ll call when I’m on my way back,” he said as she shut the car door.
“Great.” She turned away and walked up the drive to the house. She could tell he was watching her walk away. Good. Let him see what he’s missing, she thought, putting a little extra wiggle in her hips.
Her mother met her at the door. “Jack not coming in? Oh, my goodness, who’s this?”
Mia gave her mother a one-sided hug and, still holding the dog in her arm, said, “This is Daisy. She’s Jack’s foundling but we’re going to take care of her for a bit.”
“What’s a bit?” Jess asked, tousling the dog’s topknot.
“Probably forever. I’m starving. Is there any breakfast left?” She put the dog on the floor and moved into the living room where the family computer sat wedged up against a wall.
“I have some biscuits,” Jess said, moving into the kitchen. “They’re cold but still good with the Tupela honey I found last weekend up in Dillard.”
“Why did you go to Dillard? You went by yourself?”
Jess’s voice came from the kitchen. “I just did a day trip up there,” she said. “It did me a world of good.”
A day trip to the mountain community the family had spent so much time in over the years? How in the world could that have done anyone good?
“Had the leaves changed?” Mia asked as she logged onto the computer.
“It’s early November!” Jess said. “The leaves had changed and fallen.” She came into the living room with a plate of buttered biscuits and a small pot of honey. “I have jam if you’d prefer,” she said, setting the plate down and looking over Mia’s shoulder. “What are you looking for?”
“I’m not sure. For starters, I thought I’d Google some of the people who knew Dave.”
“Whatever for?”
“No reason. You know Burton doesn’t even own a computer?”
“Surely he uses one for his work?”
“Well, I guess he did when he had a job.”
“Who’s that?” Jess pointed to the screen where a shot of Carol Maxwell in a bikini came up.
“She’s married to the deputy chief.”
“Oh, my.”
“Yeah, she’s a piece of work. You should see her in person.”
The next photo showed Carol in high heels standing by her mailbox—totally nude. Mia heard her mother’s sharp intake of breath.
“You know, Mom?” Mia said, turning to her. “A cup of tea would be so perfect with these biscuits.”
“Why would the wife of a deputy chief of police allow that photo on a public site?”
“Yeah, I know, shocking. The tea? Mom? Please?”
Jess moved reluctantly away from Mia’s shoulder toward the kitchen and Mia immediately clicked on the link in the caption of the photo that read “see the video.” It took her to a video-sharing website and the movie file, slated “Three on a Match,” began playing as soon as soon as the page opened. 
In the back of her mind, Mia heard her mother put the kettle on and begin to rummage on the counter for the tea bags. She kept her finger hovered over the Pause icon, in case her mother returned, but she needn’t have worried. Although the video was tagged as being five minutes long, she only needed to see the first five seconds to see all she would need to see for now.
She recognized Carol immediately because she’d been expecting to see her. Her stomach dropped when she realized she was looking at the master bedroom in her own condo—Dave’s condo. She heard Dave’s muted laughter before she saw him, nude and backlit against the bathroom door. Carol was on her knees on the bed. When the man having sex with her from behind turned his head to say something to Dave, she saw it was Dave’s best friend, Keith.
Mia closed the browser and sat staring at her search engine home page. It wasn’t until a mug of steaming tea was set down in front of her that she noticed her hands resting on the keyboard were shaking.
“Are you all right, darling?” her mother said softly as she pulled up a chair.
Mia reached for her tea and took a long searing sip, not caring that she was burning her tongue, lips and throat, in fact, glad of the pain. To see Dave again, to hear his laugh, his voice…but to hear him like this. Her stomach turned over and she glanced at the waste paper basket next to the desk wondering if she might need to use it. She took another painful swallow of hot tea.
“I’m fine,” she whispered. “Just missing Dave. You know.”
“I know,” Jess said, taking Mia’s hand in hers. “That’s why I went to Dillard yesterday. As much as it hurt to remember happier times there, I still felt like I was with him for a little bit. That kind of pain is better than the plain missing him kind.”
“Yeah,” Mia said hoarsely. She felt an irrational sting of anger at her brother. Why did you do this shit? Who were you? What kind of life were you living? Did you even deserve our love? She hated herself for that last thought.
“Mia? Dear?”
Mia put the mug down and forced herself to smile at her mother, forced herself to get control.
Fine. So that’s who he was. Good and fine. I’m still not going to let the person who did this get away with it. They don’t get to take our loved one away.
“I need to borrow the car, Mom,” she said.
“Oh. Well…do you want some company? Are you thinking of going to Dillard too?”
“No, I have an errand to run,” Mia said. “Can I borrow it?”
“Of course, dear. But shouldn’t you wait for Jack?”
“Turns out Jack is less helpful than I had hoped,” she said. She stood up, collected the keys as she walked to the front door and then stopped. The little dog was sitting in the foyer, her head cocked questioningly at Mia.
“I’ll be back, girl,” she said. “You stay here. Watch her for me, please, Mom. She’s been abused and needs all the extra love you’ve got.”
Jess walked over to the dog and knelt down to it. “We’ll be fine, Mia,” she said. “You just be careful.”
“I will.” But she was out the door and down the front drive before the words were out of her mouth.
It was pretty clear to her that William Maxwell, aka the cuckold, knew a whole hell of a lot more about Dave’s murder than he was letting on. And if he didn’t, well, he was about to.
***
Karen has definitely bumped it up a notch, Burton couldn’t help notice. An attractive woman by anyone’s standards, it wasn’t always easy to tell covered up by scrubs or a lab coat. Today she was wearing makeup and heels and the lab coat was open to expose a trim, hip-hugging suit underneath.
It occurred to Burton that Karen might have met someone.
“Hey, you,” he said, after tapping on the outer doorjamb of her office. Normally he only ever saw her in the lab. Her office was outfitted in bright colors with framed photos of her parents and two older brothers as well as her elderly black lab, Cocoa.
She smiled warmly at him but didn’t stand up. “Let me just finish this file,” she said, “and we can grab a coffee.”
He sat in the guest chair opposite her desk. He’d argued with himself the whole way down here that the really smart thing to do would be to take Karen up on her open offer and let everything else cool off. He couldn’t avoid being around Mia while the issue of her safety was still unresolved but he could limit her effect on him. When Karen stood up to tuck the file she’d been working on in a tall filing cabinet by the window, he noted her long, athletic legs and was relieved to notice he liked what he saw.
“So what’s the story on your investigation with Dave’s sister?” she asked as she settled back into her chair.
“Not really much of an investigation,” he said. “We got the case opened back up and now we’re letting the professionals handle it.”
“Very wise, I have to say. There were a few of us here in the office that thought you’d lost your damn mind, Jack, when we heard you’d opened up a private investigations business with her.”
“How did you hear that?”
“You know this place. Everyone hears everything.”
“Yeah, well, she needed to feel involved, you know, in solving Dave’s death as part of the grieving process.”
“So that’s what you were doing? Helping her grieve? Kind of ironic, isn’t it? Considering your relationship with Dave?”
“I guess so. I felt like…like I owed him.”
“You felt guilt.”
“Okay, I did. I never gave the guy a chance. I mean, we were never going to be best buds, but I feel bad about how it ended.”
“You mean with him dead and you screwing his sister.”
“Whoa, Karen. What the hell? Where did that come from? I’m not sleeping with her.” He forced his face to take on a look of indignation which wasn’t easy since he’d been inches from sleeping with Mia just a few hours ago.
“I’m sorry,” Karen said, her face flushing pink. “I don’t know why I said that. Stupid. Especially since I can see why you’d want to do right by Dave after everything between you.”
“Can I ask you why you keep coming back to that?”
Karen looked at him, her eyes round and unsure, and then she hopped up and went to the door and closed it after first glancing down the hall. She came and perched on the corner of the desk nearest to Burton.
“I know you want information on what directions the new detectives are exploring in Dave’s death.”
Burton felt a tingling of foreboding as he watched her face, clearly torn between her allegiances.
“I shouldn’t be saying this…”
“It’s me, isn’t it? I’m their main suspect?”
“Well, they say you had motive—and everyone here has heard you say stuff on the level of why doesn’t that bastard die?—and you don’t have an alibi for that night. Some guys say you and Dave were supposed to get together that night to ‘settle it once and for all.’” She reached out and gave his shoulder a shake. “It’s early days, Jack. They’re only getting started just like they’d be focused on Dave’s wife if he had one—”
“He had a girlfriend.”
“And I understand they’re looking at her, too.”
“Just not as closely as they’re looking at me.”
“And then with you all connected at the hip with Dave’s sister…it just doesn’t look good at all. I don’t suppose you would consider cooling your relationship with her until after the case closes? I’m sure that would help.”
“I don’t have a relationship with her.”
“Well, whatever you call it. Your association with her, then. Your guilt, or why ever you’re hanging out with her and her mother, is not helping, Jack. Because, let’s face it, guilt is exactly what the team is looking for.”
Burton sighed and rubbed a hand across his face. “Is this just a rumor or have they brought it to Maxwell?”
“I have no idea. I’m just hearing whatever gets shunted around in the lunchroom. You are their prime suspect.”
“I guess I shouldn’t be surprised.”
“No, you shouldn’t. Dave dies and you quit immediately afterward?” Karen shook her head and returned to her desk. “Can you explain why you did that? Because there’s a very real possibility you’re going to have to in front of a grand jury.”
Burton stood up and walked to the window in her office overlooking Spring Street. From here he could see the southern-most loop of the Connector and beyond it the brick Georgia Tech dormitories that were built for the 1996 Olympics. Directly below Karen’s window, a homeless woman sat huddled under a large stained comforter.
“I thought I was unhappy with my job because of Dave,” he said, still looking out the window.
“But you weren’t?”
He shook his head. “No. When he died, it turned out I still hated my job. I guess I didn’t want to think the problem was the job…”
“You had fifteen years invested.”
“Exactly. It was easier to think it was just a personnel clash. Eminently fixable.”
“I’m sorry, Jack. I never knew. It’s hard to believe someone as good as you were didn’t love it.”
He turned to look at her and grinned. “I loved parts of it,” he said. “But these two weeks away have made me realize that maybe Mia is right about my needing to stay in the business. I’m not saying going into partnership with her is a good idea, I’m sure it’s not. But working for myself is a very good idea and I didn’t realize that before.”
“Got any clients yet?”
He laughed. “Not a one. Not yet anyway. Honestly, until we started talking about it right this minute I didn’t even know that’s how I felt.”  
“Glad I could help.”
Whatever he might have felt prompted to do or say after that was interrupted by Karen’s desk phone ringing. From her expression, he knew the timing of it frustrated her, too.
“Yes?” She listened for a moment and then looked up at him. “Yes, he’s here now.”
Burton watched her eyes flick away from him to the window. The color began to fade from her cheeks.
“Okay, I’ll tell him,” she said. “Yes, I’m sure he’ll be right there.”
“What is it?”
Karen hung up and made a face like she’d just opened up a can of tuna that had gone bad. “That was Maxwell,” she said. “You need to head over there. He’s just arrested Mia Kazmaroff.”



Chapter 12


“Get her out of here in the next five minutes and I won’t book her. Give me any lip at all…” Maxwell turned to glare at Mia who was sitting demurely, almost innocently, on the guest chair in his office, her hands cuffed in front of her, “and I’ll make sure you spend the weekend inside.”
Burton ran a hand through his hair in exasperation. “Can I at least know what the charge is or was?” He forced himself not to look at her. In the mood he was in, he wasn’t sure he wouldn’t tell Maxwell to keep her for the weekend.
“She came in here, pushed past the receptionist—”
“How’d she get past the front desk sergeant?”
“Said she was Dave Kazmaroff’s sister and had a meeting with Dr. Sanders. There was an incident during check in—”
“Which I had nothing to do with,” Mia said.
“Be quiet,” Burton said tersely, still not looking at her.
“She made it to the Doc’s floor and got some good Samaritan to buzz her in up here. After which, she pushed past Ellie and came right on in. I guess I should be lucky she wasn’t armed.”
“Give me a break,” Mia said.
“I am giving you a break, Miss Kazmaroff,” Maxwell said to her. “Because you’re Dave’s sister and obviously in distress, I’m giving you a big break.”  
“How did a visit from a distraught family member of one of our own end up with the family member in cuffs?” Burton asked.
“She attempted to access my computer after I repeatedly told her to stand back.”
“Your computer?”
“There’s a sex tape online of Dave and Keith Barnes with Carol Maxwell,” Mia said.
“Shut up!” Maxwell barked at her. He took a step in her direction and Burton took a step in his and put his hand up to prevent any more steps.
A sex tape. And she came here to accuse Maxwell of killing her brother. Terrific.
“I called her mother,” Maxwell said, his hands on his hips, glowering at Mia, “who informed me that Detective Burton was looking out for her and she expected you were somewhere in the building. So that’s the whole picture. Now get her out of here before I change my mind.”
Mia stood up and pointed at Maxwell, her hands still pinioned together by the handcuffs. “This is a violation of every civil right in the book,” she said. “I’ll take it to the media. It’s an obvious police conspiracy—”
“Miss Kazmaroff, if I see one word in the AJC that even hints at my involvement in your brother’s death, I will sue you for slander.”
“I think you mean libel and you don’t scare me.”
Burton held his hand out to Maxwell for the cuff keys. “Mia, shut up,” he said.

Burton drove behind Mia to her mother’s house and waited in the car until she came back, a small backpack of clothes over her arm.
“Where’s Daisy?”
“She’s company for my mom. I didn’t think you’d mind,” Mia said as she climbed into the car. She was glad they had two separate cars for the drive from the police station. She’d heard of Burton’s famous temper from Dave but had never witnessed it first hand—and certainly never imagined it directed at her. She hoped he’d taken the time to calm down because they had a lot of work to do and she was convinced they needed to do it sooner rather than later.
“Tell me,” he said when she buckled herself in and he began to back out of her mother’s driveway, “will your ‘gift’ make you feel it more acutely when I turn you across my knee? I just want to know because in that case I might hold back a little.” 
So much for the hope he’d cooled down.
“I have nothing to apologize for,” Mia said. “You signed off on the case and I had new evidence that needed to be followed up on. And for the record, you don’t get to treat me like a misbehaving child.” 
“Only when you act like it.” 
“Nope. Not even then. In case last night wasn’t a big enough newsflash for you, Jack, you’re not my father or my brother. You don’t like it when I get an idea that you don’t agree with but that’s too bad. I have my own ideas of how this case needs to be handled.” 
“Goddam it, Mia, you are not going to get killed on my watch. I won’t allow it.”  
She should have realized it wasn’t pride that was scorching him. She hesitated only a moment before she reached over and touched his hand as it gripped the steering wheel. He was literally vibrating with worry and helpless anger. She pushed past it and started to feel his strength, his determination.
“I know, Jack,” she said, softly. “I believe that. But you’ll do it not by altering my behavior but by being with me. You see that, right?” 
“I can’t be with you every minute.” 
“Just when it counts, Jack. Just when it counts.”

*****
Heather pulled up alongside Keith’s truck.  She knew it was his from how he’d described it to her earlier. She wasn’t at all surprised Keith drove a pick-up truck. Not with all the tats and the day-old beard he always wore. She preferred her men clean-shaven, like Dave always was. She frowned at the thought of Dave. 
This was the weekend they were supposed to go to Key West. She’d been shopping all fall for it. But instead, she was sitting in her Highlander in the parking lot of Piedmont Park—just like all the derelicts and sexual deviants except most of them didn’t come in cars—waiting for a guy she’d never given two thoughts about before.
She watched two young men walk across the park hand in hand. One of them broke away to catch a flying disc that had sailed into his path. Heather could hear him laughing even with the car window up from this distance. It’s true, she thought. Everyone who has someone is having so much fun. That’s because the world is made up of couples…and losers.
Which is why, she thought as she watched the two men continue their walk, I am sitting here on the sleazy side of Piedmont Park waiting for the one man who’ll make me remember who I used to be—and not who I am now.
A harsh rap on the window by her face made her jump and give a small scream. She twisted her head, half expecting to see one of the gays standing by her car. Instead, of course, it was Keith.
As soon as her hand fumbled for the latch to lower the driver side window, Heather felt what she knew she should have felt from the moment he called. An ominous feeling of dread came over her as she watched the glass descend and the noises and smells of the park—and Keith—pour into her car.
What in the world had she been thinking?
“Keith, this was a mistake,” she said. “I shouldn’t have come.”
His hand reached in and grabbed her wrist and she gasped. She watched in horror as his other hand disengaged the lock and pulled the door open.
“What are you doing?” she said as he dragged her out of the car. “Help! Help!” 
He grabbed her face with both hands, covering her mouth and brought his mouth close to her eyes. “Keep screaming and I’ll break your neck,” he whispered hoarsely. “You hear me?”
Heather put her hands on top of his holding her face, but she nodded, wondering in her terror if the warm liquid she felt trickling down her leg was blood or pee.

*****
Burton drove back to Mia’s condo in Atlantic Station after picking up a Thai take-out from a place located off Piedmont Park. It was all Mia could do not to insist they drive immediately to Carol and Maxwell’s house in Pershing Point to confront them together. But she knew Burton would never agree to it. Not tonight anyway.
After they’d eaten, she sat down with him on the couch, amazed that the day’s events had helped her forgive him for last night, and opened up her video tablet.
“Can we look at this together?”  
He acted like he’d been expecting it. He put the remote control down and leaned back into the couch to see the tablet screen. She clicked on the link on the video-sharing site. 
“I only saw a few seconds of it,” she said, holding the tablet between them. She rested it on Burton’s knee and they watched the video in silence. After the first shocking few minutes, Mia realized the rest of it was nearly boring. There was very little conversation among the three on the video, mostly just animal grunts and groans, some laughter.
That would be Dave. Everything was funny to Dave.
When the video ended, Mia turned the tablet off. There was no way she could bear to watch it again. She was surprised there was no embarrassment between her and Burton. The sexual acts, although obviously real, were not graphic, with most of the action happening under covers or behind other bodies.
“So that’s why you went to Maxwell,” Burton said finally. “Because you think this jumps him to the top of the suspect list.”
“I did,” she said, twisting around to look at him. Was he starting to come around to her way of thinking? “Except, when he cuffed me, I couldn’t feel his guilt. Besides my senses tell me a woman is involved.”
“Trust me, darlin’,” Burton drawled. “A woman was very involved.”
“Stop that,” she said. “You know what I mean. My senses picked up that it was a woman who handled the glass that poisoned Dave.”
“Then going by your theory—and if this video is key at all to what happened—the killer is either Carol or Trish or Heather,” Burton said. 
She knew he was patronizing her. “I told you,” she said patiently. “It’s not Heather. Although, every time I’ve tried calling her lately it just goes straight to voicemail so she might be screening my calls.”
“What a surprise.”
 “And, say what you will, I just can’t believe it’s Trish. Carol was the one sleeping with Dave. It makes more sense that it’s her.”
“Maybe.”
“Jack, we really need to talk to her and I know we tried to do that yesterday but this changes everything.”
“You know Maxwell will have told her what happened today.”
“So?”
“So, we won’t be catching her with her guard down.”
“I don’t care. I just need my hands on her for one minute.”
“This is a totally crackpot way of going about things.”
“That’s because you don’t believe in me.”
“Oh, I believe in you,” Burton said, reaching for the remote again. “I believe in your grit and your brains and in your single-minded determination to bulldoze all other theories–along with any and all palpable evidence—that conflict with your own.”
“That’s a mean thing to say. And it started out so nice, too.”
Burton laughed and shook his head as if in wonder. “I don’t think I’ve ever been on a bigger emotional roller coaster than I have from the moment I met you,” he said.
“Is that good?”
“No, I don’t think so.” He laughed again. “I don’t think it’s good at all.”

The next morning, Burton directed the mattress deliverymen into Dave’s bedroom and oversaw the removal of the old bed—sheets and pillows. He was pretty sure a brand new bed with new sheets wouldn’t lure Mia back into this room—not to sleep in anyway—but in time she would.
Everything in time.
Mia sat at the breakfast bar with a large cup of coffee in her hands. Her finger tapped the rim of the cup as she stared out the kitchen window.
“I don’t want to call first,” she said.
“It doesn’t matter whether you call or not,” he said. “If you show up today, you’re going to get arrested. Again.”
“Technically, I didn’t get arrested yesterday. It was all just grandstanding on Maxwell’s part.”
“If we show up on his doorstep—”
“We’re not going to their place. She’s not there.”
“What are you talking about?”
Mia opened up her tablet and turned the screen around so he could see. “Her Facebook page lists her as single and she has a new address.”
Burton picked up the tablet and stared at the photo of Carol. “Yeah, she certainly looks single,” he said, frowning.
“No, she changed her status. See?” Mia pointed to Carol’s profile. “Either she’s formally separated or she’s playing games, but in any case, we won’t have to worry about running into Maxwell now. So maybe he won’t have told her about yesterday.”
Burton placed the tablet back down on the kitchen counter. “That’s all very well but how do we know her new—”
Mia picked up her cellphone and spoke into it. “Get me the address for Carol Maxwell in Atlanta,” she said.
“No way.” Burton grinned at her. “You kids and your techno toys.”
She held out the screen of the phone to him to show him the map. “Looks like she’s in Morningside. Are you coming or am I doing this alone?”
“Only if you promise that if she tells us to bugger off, we’ll leave and there’ll be no lunging across the welcome mat to get your hands on her.”
“We’ll see.”
“Mia, I’m serious.”
“Well, so am I, Jack. And I’m not playing by the rules in this case. Screw the rules. You’re not on the force any more. You can step out of line now.” She hopped off the kitchen stool and went to the front door, grabbing up her purse along the way. “It’s early enough she should be home but not so early she’ll still be in bed. Are you coming?”
“If only to prevent you getting yourself arrested,” he muttered, scooping up the car keys as he met her at the door.

Morningside, even in autumn, was one of the prettier drives in Atlanta, Mia thought. And in a city that was eighty percent trees and flowers, that’s saying something.
“Do you have any idea what you’re going to ask her or are we going strictly by touch here?”
Mia shrugged. “I might ask her if she’s seen any good sex videos lately.”
“A little in-your-face, don’t you think?”
“I’m going to play it by ear.”
“I was afraid of that.”
She pointed to an upcoming street sign shrouded in heavy foliage. “I think this one’s it. Yes, it is. Turn here.”
The street was a narrow residential one. Most of the homes had been torn down and rebuilt but there were two on opposite sides of the street that hadn’t been done yet. They looked diminutive next to the looming re-builds, most of which were done with steel and stucco instead of wood.
“Last driveway on the right,” Mia said, already unbuckling her seatbelt. She turned and put a hand on Burton’s chest. Surprised, he looked down at it before looking into her eyes. “I don’t think you should come,” she said.
She removed her hand and Burton put the car in park at the base of the driveway.
“Fine,” he said, leaning back and draping an arm loosely over her seat as if to show he was comfortable lounging out here all day.
“Good.” Without a backward glance, she exited the car and hurried up the leaf-strewn driveway. Every deciduous tree in Atlanta had dropped its leaves by now, Burton noted. Looks like Carol isn’t into lawn work. 
The days were still warm for November in Atlanta. He rolled the passenger side window down and unbuckled his seatbelt. It was quiet here—too far from Piedmont Road or Peachtree to pick up the nearly constant hum of Atlanta traffic. He looked across the street and realized the neighborhood felt deserted. There were no mothers with strollers, no joggers, no sounds or signs of life from any of the homes.
Probably all working double incomes to afford the outrageous cost of living in Morningside, he thought. Except for some sections of Buckhead, this neighborhood was generally considered to be the most expensive zip code in the southeast.
He looked at his watch and at Carol’s house. The front door was obscured by the serpentine driveway lined with several towering gardenia bushes. He hadn’t heard any conversation while he was waiting so it appeared, amazingly, that Mia had gotten Carol to let her in.
Unless.
He opened the door and stepped out onto the driveway. 
The front door was ajar.
He stood in the middle of Carol’s driveway, pondering whether to knock or go back to the car. As he stood there, he saw a shadow pass by one of the front, draped bay windows.
If there were two people in there, shouldn’t I have seen two shadows? If Carol let her in, why didn’t she close the front door?
With the sudden and absolute knowledge that Mia would go into an unlocked house whether Carol was there or not, Burton ran up the drive and pushed open the front door. He heard no voices, only the faint sound of paper rustling coming from the living room.
“Mia?” he called. “Carol?”
“In here, Jack,” Mia called from the next room.
He moved through the small foyer and stepped into the living room, sure now that Carol was not home and that Mia had, if not broken in, at least trespassed. Holy shit, I should never have trusted her to go to the front door alone!
“Mia, where are you and you’d better not have just let yourself in.”
The minute Burton saw her, leaning over the couch going through a large handbag, he also saw the body lying face down on the carpet in front of the coffee table.
“Jesus! Mia!”
He watched her look up at him in surprise as if startled to see him there.
“Jack, you’ll never believe what I found,” she said, her face flushed with excitement.
“Do not touch anything! Are you crazy? Is that…?” He walked to the couch, intent on physically removing Mia if he had to, when he saw the head on the body was twisted toward him—revealing the beautiful and stone cold profile of Carol Maxwell.

 

Chapter 13

They spent the rest of the day and most of the night answering questions at police headquarters. It had been all Burton could do to prevent Mia from pocketing the five Ecstasy pills she found in Carol’s purse—or touching for the third time the water glass she was convinced was the vehicle for the poison that killed Carol. 
She had already popped out the DVD from Carol’s laptop labeled “Three on a Match,” and put her hands on every single, useless item in Carol’s purse, not to mention, Carol herself, before Burton dragged her out of the house.
Now, seven hours later, they sat side by side on metal chairs in the narrow hallway of the Atlanta police department’s homicide division. Maxwell was not in attendance and the detective team who questioned them, together and separately, was new. Burton thought that might be a good thing. Unless they’d heard too much about him, they might not have a prejudice against him. After the questioning, he gave up that possibility. They were treated less as important witnesses to a major crime than as possible suspects. Except they weren’t charged.
Not yet anyway.
“We’re going to lose our brand new license if you do shit like this,” he said as he handed her a cup of vending machine coffee. 
“I’ll play by the rules in the next case,” she said. A moment passed between them as she sipped her drink before she spoke again. “I guess this eliminates Carol from our list. Now we’re down to Diane and Trish.”
“So you’re not giving Trish the Christian discount any longer?”
“With Carol gone, Trish is my prime suspect. Fact is, she should have been all along. You were right, Jack. I let my prejudice distract me.”
“I’m waiting for a motive.”
“I’m not sure why she would kill Dave,” she admitted, “but it seems pretty cut and dried for her killing Carol.”
“Because Carol was sleeping with her husband?”
Mia frowned at him. “You don’t think that’s a good motive?”
He shrugged. “Maybe if there was money involved.”
They sat again without speaking. A woman in her forties sat several seats away. She looked distraught and was shredding a tissue in her hands with nervous, jerky movements. As Mia watched, she saw the woman alternately weep into the tissue and look about her forlornly. Mia wondered if she were there to bail an errant husband out or a drug-dealing son. When she looked closer, she saw the woman was hugging a small blue cardigan to her breast.
She was a mother who had lost her child.
“What did you…feel when you touched the body?” he asked.
“I was wondering when you were going to ask me that,” she said, tearing her eyes away from the despondent woman.
“Well?”
“She was killed by a woman.”
“Not this again.”
“Look, I know what I know, Jack. Carol was poisoned the same way Dave was.”
“I thought you said Carol poisoned Dave? You said you felt her in his condo and that it was her hand that coated that glass.”
“I’m not sure I said that,” she said frowning. “Sometimes it’s hard to separate what I’m feeling. I knew Carol had been there the day Dave died. And I knew she touched that glass.”
“But so did half the police techs—including yourself, am I right?”
“Whatever.”
 A door swung open and one of the detectives, a man in his late thirties with bad skin and long hair, stepped out in the hall and gestured for them to come with him. Burton took Mia’s drink and tossed it in the trash receptacle and they followed the detective down the long narrow hall. It was nearly midnight and they were both exhausted.
Burton was pretty sure the guy—Daniels, was his name—was releasing them but he didn’t want to push their luck by asking. He knew from personal experience that if the guy wanted to keep them sitting on metal chairs in the hallway—or worse—another twenty-four hours, he could.
He walked them to the elevator and punched the down button.
“Don’t leave town,” was all he said before he turned away as the elevator doors opened.
 While Mia had been taken to the station by the two detectives, Burton had been allowed to drive himself. He was relieved to see his car hadn’t been ticketed or booted. The parking spot was only good for four hours and he’d easily exceeded that by two.
He could tell Mia was exhausted because she had stopped talking. When he glanced at her in the passenger seat, her eyes were closed but he knew she wasn’t asleep. He drove them back to Atlantic Station, constantly checking the rear view mirror to see if anyone was following them. He didn’t see anyone.
Once upstairs, Burton kept her behind him as he checked and cleared the apartment, then locked the front door. 
“Go to bed,” he said as he raked down the blinds in the living room. He tempered his tone but even so he could see her stiffen.
“You make me want to do the opposite of what you say,” she said. “Do you have that effect on everyone, I wonder?”
“Only the chronically immature,” he said, standing in the living room with his hands on his hips. He said it with a smile but she wasn’t buying it. “Go on,” he said. “Go to bed. You’re dead on your feet.”
She dropped her cardigan and her purse on the floor next to the couch and collapsed into its cushions. “This is fine,” she said.
Remembering that, new bed or not, she wouldn’t want to sleep in the room where she’d found Dave’s body, Burton went to a stack of blankets by the TV set and handed her one. With the rest, he made a pallet on the floor next to the couch.
It occurred to him that he had been a little hard on her this afternoon and since finding a dead body was stressful for most people not in the business of finding one, he might have been a little insensitive.
“You okay, Mia?” he said softly from his stack of blankets on the floor.
She reached down and touched his cheek and when he took her fingers in his, she fell asleep holding hands with him.
 
The next morning he allowed himself to watch her for a few moments before she awoke. He couldn’t help but be impressed with her determination to find out what happened to her brother—even if her methods were starting to turn his hair white.
“I can tell you’re staring at me,” she said, her eyes still closed.
He laughed. “Now that is a useful skill.”
She looked at him and smiled. “Were you able to get any information about Dave’s case?”
“Are you serious? You haven’t even been awake two minutes. I need coffee.”
He climbed to his feet and saw her disentangle herself from her blankets.
“Did you hear anybody make a suggestion as to how Carol’s death might be connected to Dave’s?”
“You were there, Mia. You saw how happy they were to share information with us. In fact, I’m thinking of going and having a few beers with them later today.”
“Really?”
“No, Mia. We are serious pariahs down there. God, for someone who’s supposed to superhumanly intuit things, you can be remarkably dense.”
“I just thought you might have heard something.”
Burton went to the kitchen to get the espresso machine warmed up and heard her go into the bathroom. As he opened one of the cabinets for mugs, he saw a photograph taped to the inside of the cabinet door and was surprised he hadn’t seen it before. It was a picture of Dave with two other guys. They were all wearing ROTC uniforms. 
Seeing the photo hit him like a pitcher of ice water to the face. On some level, he had gotten so comfortable with the fact that Dave never did any time in the military—one of the things that always bothered Burton—that to see him in a military uniform unsettled him.
He touched the photo and peered into Dave’s college-age face. There was something there. Something stirring in Burton’s gut, something about Dave and why things had never been right.
Right from the beginning.
“Coffee almost ready?”
He turned to see Mia dressed and in the process of tying her long hair into a ponytail. The movement pushed her breasts out and made them press against the tee-shirt and he felt a rush of desire for her.
Damn, this family pushes all my buttons, he thought, as he pulled two mugs out of the cabinet before firmly shutting the door, and the photo, away. He poured the coffee and she settled on one of the barstools. She was wearing a pair of snug fitting jeans and, for the moment, was barefooted.
“So, can I ask you what your plans are for the day?” she asked.
He sighed and sat down at the kitchen counter. “You do know we need to sit this one out, right?”
“I don’t know what that means.”
“Mia, we were first on the scene of a murder. That makes us persons of extreme interest to the detectives trying to find out why and how that murder happened.”
“We know how it happened.”
“Yeah, and by the way telling them before they even had a chance to run a tox screen that she died of an Ecstasy OD was not a good move.”
“Why? It’s the truth.”
“Why? Because they are not going to believe you know because you felt it. They are going to think you know because you did it.”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“And any evidence at the crime scene that might have pointed away from us, away from you, was compromised by your need to ransack Carol’s purse, desk and personal computer. You know, normal people who discover a dead body go screaming out the front door or dial nine-one-one. They don’t view it as an opportunity to start rooting around the dead person’s belongings.”
“So you intend to do nothing. Is that what you’re telling me?”
“I intend for both of us to do nothing until things cool down a bit.”
“Well, that’s swell. You think you’ll find it easier to solve a cold case than one that’s still going on? People are being killed, Jack! It’s happening right now!”
“I know that, and forgive me for not wanting you to be in the middle of people still getting killed.”
“You owe it to Dave.”
“That dog won’t hunt any more, Mia. If I owe Dave anything, I owe him to keep his sister alive. Dear God, were you this much trouble with him?”
He saw her face take on a look of indignation but before she could add the audio to the picture, his cellphone rang and he snatched it up to break the building drama.
It was Karen.
“Hey,” he said, moving away from Mia to stand in front of the living room window. “I guess you heard.”
“That’s pretty much all anybody’s talking about around here,” Karen said. “I can’t believe Mia Kazmaroff found another dead body. Starting to sound suspiciously coincidental.”
“Is that what people are saying?”
“By ‘people’ I guess you mean Rocky’s team and I don’t have any official information for you, sorry, just scuttlebutt.”
“I’ll take what I can get at this point. That’s Rocky Daniels?”
“Yeah. Well, Rocky said it all looks suspicious and trust me, Maxwell has weighed in too, and not on Team Burton or Kazmaroff.”
“How’s Maxwell doing?”
“Oh, Jack, it’s so depressing. I mean, in spite of everything he loved her. He’s a wreck. And he’s angry.”
“I’m surprised they let us go last night.”
“Frankly, so am I but I wanted to tell you was Rocky said they picked up the tail on Mia Kazmaroff.”
Burton turned to look at Mia who was listening intently to his side of the conversation. “Who were they?”
“Get a load of this. They’re a couple of guys her mother hired to look out for her.”
Damn. So Jess lied to him.
“They let ‘em go?”
“They had to. They weren’t thugs, they were registered private investigators. No law against following someone you’ve been paid to follow.”
“Thanks. I appreciate it. Sounds like you and Rocky have gotten close.”
“Jealous, Jack?”
“Just happy for you.”
After he’d hung up, he turned to find Mia standing close enough that he could smell the body wash she’d used that morning.
“So much for your mother’s promise to stop having you tailed.”
“It was her after all?” She put her coffee mug down firmly on the counter. “Great,” she said. “So you can go now.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You. Can. Go. I don’t need you here.”
“In case I need to remind you the tail wasn’t the only threat.”
She waved her hands to take in the condo. “You’ve changed the locks on all my doors and I’m picking up a handgun this afternoon.”
“Don’t even think about it.”
 “I’m sick of being babysat by someone who doesn’t respect me,” she said heatedly.
 “I’m not leaving.”
“Well, you can’t stay if I don’t want you here. And I don’t care what kind of guilt trip you’re indulging in you’re no help to me at all. Frankly, you’ve been an obstacle.”
“Really? Was I an obstacle two days ago when I saved your ass from being arrested?”
“I cannot believe you are trying to get credit for that!”
He held up his hands in frustration. “Can we cool down? Go to our separate corners?”
“Great idea, Jack. As long as our ‘separate corners’ are not in the same condominium!” She turned and stomped back to the guest room, slamming the door behind her. 

*****
The silver-framed photograph of the two of them had always been his favorite. Sure, it was a wedding photo so of course they both looked great. Well, Carol always looked great. Her smile, her effortless presentation to the world, the sexuality slithering off her…
Bill Maxwell sat in the kitchen of his Virginia Highland ranch. His daughter, Mindy, and her husband Tad had descended on him for most of the afternoon, bringing a trainload of casseroles and cakes, flowers and cards. 
He knew Mindy couldn’t do much more than that. She’d hated her stepmother; felt Carol was directly responsible for his divorce from her mother. Hell, she was probably right. Maxwell hadn’t hated being married to Inez. In fact, until he’d laid eyes on Carol, he hadn’t really given his marriage much thought.
I’m sorry, Carol, he thought as he traced the form of her image in the photo. Her hair was up off her shoulders. Her gown was white and strapless. He knew he’d been the envy of every man there that day.
What a fool he’d been.
It wasn’t supposed to end like this. Things had gotten carried away. He’d gone too far.
He put the photo down and realized his hand was shaking.
“You didn’t deserve this, babe,” he said softly, shaking his head. “Forgive me. I’m so sorry.”
He felt the tears stinging his eyes and suddenly his daughter was in the kitchen with him.
“Dad? Did you say something? Can I get you something?”
He shook his head and cleared his throat. “No, I’m good,” he said gruffly. “You go on now, Mindy. Who’s taking care of the kids?”
“Don’t worry about it, Dad, they’re being watched. I’m here for you. Can I make you a plate?”
He stood up, refusing to look at her.
I am so ashamed…
“No, I want you to go on home. I want to be alone.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Dad.”
“Tad?” he pushed past Mindy to call into the living room.
“Dad, don’t,” she said with a sigh. “You shouldn’t be alone right now.”
“Yes sir?” Tad poked his head in the room, his eyes going first to his wife. Yes, it was clear who ran things in that marriage.
“I need you and Mindy to go on now. I’m fine here.”
“I told him, no…” Mindy started, but Maxwell could see Tad was more than ready to leave.
“Come on, sweetie,” he said, holding an arm out to his wife. “Your dad just needs some time to himself.”
“That’s right,” Maxwell said, wondering if they would, please God, just get the hell out before he broke down completely, because then he’d never get rid of them.
“I’ll call you tomorrow,” she said and when he looked at her, he saw how much she loved him and it made it all so, so much worse.
After he watched their taillights disappear into the night he went back to the kitchen table. There were few memories of Carol in this house. She’d hated it and preferred to spend most of her time in their midtown condo—until she’d taken the little two-bedroom in Morningside. The one he didn’t have a key to. The one where her body was found.
He picked up his cellphone as he’d been craving to do since before the first casserole and well-wisher had shown up today. Like an alcoholic anticipating that first drink, his hands shook as he jabbed in the number, praying she’d be home, praying she’d accept his call.
“Hello?”
Hearing her voice was the trigger. And later he’d remember that that was what sent the whole crumbling structure plummeting into the abyss. Just a voice, just a single word. The sob erupted from his throat as he squeezed his eyes shut and somehow got the words out.
“Please. I need you.”
 

Chapter 14

They drove back to Mia’s mother’s house in silence. Mia sat, arms crossed as if daring him to be the first to speak. After everything they’d been through, Jack figured they could use a little time apart. And the no speaking thing? Well, the fewer things said meant less to be regretted later. 
He pulled into Jess’s driveway, and she opened her car door before he had the car fully stopped.
“I’ll be back in an hour,” he said.
She started walking up the drive to her mother’s house. Burton sighed.
Yeah, we can probably use a little breather.

Mia’s phone rang before she reached her mother’s porch and when she saw who was calling, she was glad she hadn’t announced her arrival yet to her mother.  
“Hey, Trish,” she said, turning and walking to the ancient and leafless dogwood tree that anchored the southern corner of her mother’s house. “I’m glad you called.”
“I hope you’re just as glad when you find out it’s me and not Trish,” a male voice said.
Mia stopped walking for a moment, trying to place the voice. “Oh, hey, Keith,” she said. “Using Trish’s phone?”
“Yeah, I couldn’t find mine and I wanted to give you a call and see how you’re doing. Dave would’ve wanted me to look out for you and your mother.”
“That’s nice. Thanks, Keith. We’re fine.”
“You know, I just wanted to say, Mia, and I hope this isn’t coming out of the blue, but I know you’re trying to find out what happened to our boy and I just wanted you to know that I’m one hundred percent and twenty four seven available to you for help in doing precisely that.”
Mia frowned. “Really? Because I thought the police mostly thought I was a huge pain in the ass and they’d prefer I go away.”
“I won’t lie to you. The general atmosphere downtown is not pro-Burton so if you’re aligned with him, you’ll be shooting yourself in the foot as far as any help you can expect from the department.”
“Tell me something I don’t know.”
“I know, right? I figure if anybody should be doing this with you, it’s me. Dave was my wingman, my best friend. He always had my back and I’ve been going through some pretty bad shit just trying to process what happened to him.”
“He really loved you, too, Keith,” Mia said, as she sat on a small stone bench littered with leaves under the dogwood tree.  
“I can’t take credit for the idea,” he said. “It was Trish who first thought of it. We were talking and I said there was no way the new team was going to work with Burton. They hate him down there.”
“But they’ll work with you.”
“Damn right they will. So can we do this thing together? Can we get us some justice for our boy?”
“There’s nothing I’d like better, Keith. You really called at a perfect time. This is exactly what I needed.”
“Are you at Dave’s condo?”
“No, I’m at my mother’s. Why?”
“I was going to suggest we meet and put together a game plan.”
This is what I was hoping for all along!
“That sounds great, Keith, but I don’t have my car.”
“No sweat, little sis. I can carry you.”
“Can you pick me up on Peachtree Industrial? I haven’t actually gone into my mom’s house and I’d prefer she didn’t know I was here.”
Keith laughed. “God, you’re just like him, you know that? Yeah, sure, where abouts?”
“There’s a Jiffy Market on the east side of the road.”
“I know the one. Can you be there in fifteen?”
“I can. And Keith. I can’t tell you what it means hearing from you today.”
“I’m glad, Mia. Just wish I’d thought of it sooner.”

Burton sat in the waiting room in Major Crimes. He’d asked to see Detective Daniels and was told he was somewhere in the building. Even old Jasper, the sergeant on the front desk, was less than welcoming and Burton began to wonder exactly what kind of talk was filtering down about him.
Karen said they liked the look of him for Dave’s murder. Were they looking to see how tidily they could pin Carol’s death on him too?
“Detective Daniels isn’t answering,” Jasper called out. “You can continue to wait if you want.”
Burton stood up and approached the high desk where Jasper sat encased in protective bars. “Could you try Dr. Sanders then instead?”
Jasper frowned as if it was a considerable imposition. Burton had already texted her twice. He went back to sit in the waiting room. Normally this room was a walking short story of the depths of the human condition, weeping mothers, vitriolic girlfriends, and stunned parents. This afternoon it was empty.
“No answer,” Jasper called to him.
He didn’t know why he expected anything different. Just like he’d told Mia, unless the cops were calling the shots and directing the action, they wouldn’t welcome questions or “help” from outsiders. It had been worth a try. 
Without the database or the leads that only came in through the department, he wasn’t sure how to proceed. Shit, if it wasn’t for Karen slipping tidbits to him, he wouldn’t even have known Mia’s tail was legit.
His phone vibrated and he looked to see a text from Karen.
Crazy day today. Can’t break away. Want me to run by later?
He texted back: Don’t worry about it. Just had some time on my hands.
She responded: If ur sure…

Once he was back behind the wheel and headed toward Jess’s place, it occurred to him that he had begun to change his attitude about Dave. Even though every possible disgusting bit of evidence they uncovered only seemed to underscore the fact that the guy was seriously deficit—as a boyfriend, a friend and even a family member—Burton couldn’t help but realize he didn’t feel the same animosity that he had.  
Maybe he was seeing him through Mia’s eyes and maybe that was the problem. 
I need some distance and some perspective. It’s probably best for Mia to stay at her mother’s tonight. Tail gone or not, he thought, the best use of my time is to set up in a hidden vantage point and keep an eye on both of them. That way I can clear my head and keep them under surveillance at the same time.
Satisfied with this plan, he swung into the drive-through of the nearest coffee shop to load up on coffee and sandwiches before heading back to Doraville.

*****
Talk about a gift from heaven! If anybody should be working this case with me, it’s Dave’s best friend. Plus he’ll be able to get us access to the police database and first-hand information—not rumor and gossip relayed via Burton’s gal pal.
The wind had picked up as she walked down Peachtree Industrial—a four-lane highway that chugged north and south from the outer perimeter of Atlanta’s core to its hinterland suburbs. Because she hadn’t expected to be outside, Mia had left her jacket at Dave’s condo. She pulled her cotton cardigan around her, grateful at least that she was wearing jeans instead of a skirt.
She was glad she hadn’t gone inside her mother’s house, because now Jess wouldn’t worry. As for Jack, well, the things he worried about weren’t her concern. If he’d spent more time respecting her opinions—her gifts—and less time trying to hold her back, she wouldn’t have to reach out to others. 
As soon as the convenience store came into sight, her phone rang. She glanced at the screen.
“Hey, Heather,” she said.
“Hey, yourself,” Heather said. “I’ve got about five calls from you on my voice mail. What’s up?”
Relieved it wasn’t Keith calling to cancel, and now starting to feel the chill in the air, Mia hurried her pace to the store’s entrance. “Nothing really,” she said. “Just wanted to keep in touch. You fell off the grid there for a bit.”
“Yeah, I must have had the flu or something.”
Heather’s voice sounded slow and ponderous, as if she were very tired.  
“Sounds like you’re not quite over it.”
“I don’t think I am. I’ve already missed two days of work.”
“Well, I hope you feel better. You know you can call me if you just want to talk, right?”
Heather’s voice seemed to perk up a bit. “Thanks, Mia,” she said. “I know Dave would like that.”
After hanging up, Mia hurried into the warm interior of the convenience store. She only had a few dollars on her and hoped the Vietnamese owner wouldn’t give her too many dirty looks for loitering and not buying anything. Just when she was thinking that with luck, she wouldn’t have to wait too long, she saw Keith’s truck pull up in front of the store. She hurried out and climbed into the passenger’s seat.
“Hi, beautiful,” he said as she buckled in. She couldn’t remember if he called all women that or just her, but she definitely didn’t care for the familiarity. Then she checked herself. She and Keith were more alike than she and Jack. They both had a dog in this fight. 
They both loved Dave.
“Thanks again, Keith,” she said, turning in her seat to face him. He was big in the chest with muscles in his arms that she could see defined through his thin cotton tee shirt. She was surprised he wasn’t cold without a jacket on, but he kept the truck heater pretty high. Dave always said he thought Keith had Indian blood in him. He had high cheek bones and jet black hair but his eyes were ice blue. She was pretty sure Indians had dark eyes.
“No problem-o,” he said, backing the truck out of the parking lot.
Mia felt a thread of unease work its way into her spine. Her hand clutched the car handle. Instantly, she felt a vibration of fear that nearly shook her hand.
What is this all about? Maybe Keith used his truck to carry prisoners?
But there was something else too. There was something about him that wasn’t the same as the earnest, caring voice she had spoken with on the phone. It was almost as if he had somehow…switched gears.
“I got you a drink,” he said, nodding at the cup holder in the console that held two soft drink cups.
Mia stared at the drinks. Her mind worked hard to override what her gut was telling her: Stay calm. Don’t jump to conclusions. The words fell empty inside her as every other sense she had screamed that she had made a very big, very stupid mistake by getting into Keith’s truck. Her eyes flickered to the few houses whipping by as they passed. He was accelerating and heading north. Away from the city.
“Thanks,” she said. “It’s really too cold for an iced drink. But thanks.”
“Oh, wrong answer, little sis,” Keith said, rummaging in the console. “That would have made things so much easier.”
Mia had her seatbelt off and her hand on the door handle by the time he stabbed her in her thigh through her jeans with the hypodermic needle. She got the door open and saw the road flying by beneath her.  
“Crazy bitch!” Keith screamed. He grabbed her by her ponytail and jerked her away from the door. “Close it! Close the door!” He slammed her head against the dashboard, still holding onto the steering wheel with one hand.
Her mouth gushing blood from where one of her teeth had opened up her lip, Mia flailed blindly for the door, the agony of terror stitching up her arm like fire on a lit fuse as she touched the handle and pulled it shut.
He released her and began talking in a normal voice, but she couldn’t understand him, she couldn’t make out the words and when she tried to orient herself by bracing her hands against the dashboard, the whole world inside the truck began to spin before it faded to black oblivion.
 

Chapter 15

There was something calming about sitting in the drive-through line of a Starbucks, Jack thought. You can’t go anywhere. You’re not required to try to move things along—because you can’t. You might as well just sit back and let it take the time it takes. That was so different from how he normally lived his life that he actually found a perverse pleasure in being trapped in the line. 
Amidst the enforced serenity, Jack noticed that there was a thin pulse of unease throbbing in his shoulders. Like a lot of cops, he didn’t automatically dismiss hunches or gut feelings.
They’ve panned out too many times to ignore.
Whatever it was, this feeling that something wasn’t right was constantly, unobtrusively in the background. Like the omnipresent hum of an air conditioning unit. 
 When he paid for his stake-out munchies he glanced at his wristwatch. He’d been gone a little more than two hours. Mia didn’t have to answer her phone—and he fully expected she was still mad at him and wouldn’t—but he’d at least tell her what he was doing.
He pulled into an alcove in the parking lot but before he could text Mia an incoming phone call filled his screen.
Diane Burton calling.
He sighed and pushed Accept. Why not? Today was clearly his day to have every woman he ever cared about hate his guts. Bring it.
“Hey, Diane,” he said into the phone, eyeing his double shot latté next to him.
“Jack, I’m in trouble.”
His hand froze midair as he reached for his drink. She did not sound like herself.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“I need you, Jack,” she said, her voice a bare whimper. “I just need you for one night…to talk. I swear to God if you don’t come, I’ll kill myself.” She broke down in sobs.
“Diane, Diane,” Burton said. “Don’t cry, sweetheart. I’ll come. Are you home?”
Crap. Was she serious? Should he call 911?
“You’ll come? Oh, Jack, I need you so desperately, I don’t think I can handle it. I swear to God, I don’t…” And the tears again.
“I’m on my way, Diane. Do not, I repeat, do not do anything stupid. Do you hear me?”
A sniffle from the other end of the phone. “Yes, Jack,” she said meekly.
“Stay on the phone with me until I get there, do you hear me?” He pulled out of the parking lot and headed in the opposite direction of Doraville.
“I’m so sorry to be so much trouble…”
“You’re not any trouble at all. I’m glad you called,” Burton said as he nicked the tail end of the yellow light and sped through the red to merge onto I-285. It was before rush hour but it was still packed and the flow of traffic was well over seventy miles an hour. 
Suited him just fine.
“You still there, Diane? Stay with me, girl. Describe to me what you’re doing.”
Had she ever struck him as the type who might do something like this? As long as he’d known her, had she ever even hinted at being suicidal?
“I’m sitting here at the dining room table, the one you made for us when we were first married, and drinking wine. I’m drinking as much wine as I can drink.” She broke down into incoherent tears again.
“All right, sweetie, well, save some of that wine for me, okay? I’ll be there in less than five minutes. Drink water until I get there. Better yet, don’t go into the kitchen at all. Just sit tight.”
“I’m so sorry about what I did, Jack. So, so, so sorry.”
“What did you do, Diane?”
“With Tommy.”
Tommy?
“Tommy, our lawn boy. I have no idea what came over me. I was possessed is all I can say. He was so sweet and kind and I…and I…oh, I just want to die! I threw away my life. I threw it all away and now I just want to die!”
“Stop talking like that, Diane. You hear me? It would break my heart and you don’t want to do that to me, do you? Do you?”
“Would…would it really, Jack? Oh, my God, would you really care?”
Was this all bullshit? Was she really suicidal or was he going to pull up and find her in a towel holding a martini glass?
“I care enough to strangle you myself if you try to do something like that. I better not find any knives or shit like that when I get there. Just you and me, right, Diane?”
“Oh, Jack, you don’t know how long I’ve waited to hear you say that.”
He arrived five minutes later, slamming the car into park and bolting into her house—a twenty-year old traditional on a quiet Dunwoody street. Why she would choose to surround herself with tennis wives and families after they split up was a mystery to Jack. He was pretty sure, since he had to dodge four moms pushing strollers on the way here, that it probably had a hand in bringing about today’s hysterics.
His assessment of her condition wasn’t exactly the towel and the martini glass, but neither did he think she was in any danger of killing herself. She met him at the front door and he opened his arms. She fell into them and when he closed his arms around her, she snaked her hands up to his face and neck in a lover’s embrace. He used the opportunity to break her grip by picking her up and carrying her into the house and putting her on the couch.
“You sit,” he said. “I’ll make coffee.” When he spoke, his eyes fell on his Army Beretta M9 laying on the coffee table. He picked it up without a word and stuck it in the small of his back.
“Thank you so much for coming, Jack,” Diane said. Her makeup was intact and while it’s true she wasn’t wearing sweat pants, in her jeans and wool pullover, neither did she look like she was expecting to seduce someone either.
Once in the kitchen, he checked the gun. It was fully loaded with one in the chamber. Without emptying it, he returned it to his back belt and poured boiling water over instant coffee he’d scooped into two mugs. Glancing into the living room, he saw Diane was sitting quietly, waiting.
He brought two coffee mugs back to the couch and sat down next to her. He handed her one.
“We’re going to talk it out, Diane,” he said to her, wondering where in the hell he was channeling Oprah from. “And when you’re done. When you’ve said what you have to say, we’re going to be fine, you and me. Okay?”
Diane held her coffee mug with both hands and sniffled. “But we’ll still be finished,” she said.  
He held her chin in his hand so she had to look at him. “We’re going to do this thing, Diane. Not so we can piece back together a broken, unhappy marriage but so we can both remember why we cared about each other.”
“I love you, Jack.”
“I love you, too, Diane. Okay? I always will.”
She took a long sip of her coffee. “I’m sorry I called all hysterical and said I was going to kill myself.”
“It’s my fault. We should have talked before now.”
She looked at him with a faint hint of a smile on her lips. “You did kind of drive me to do it. And then blindsiding me at the coffee shop a couple of days ago...”
“I know, I know. That was stupid and I’m sorry. Okay?” He patted her hand and put his coffee mug down. “But I have an important surveillance that I have to do tonight and if it was anything else I’d drop everything but there is a woman whose life is possibly in danger and now that I know that this woman’s life…” he touched her knee, “isn’t threatened, I can go attend to the other.”
“So many people need you, Jack.”
“I’m not blowing you off, Diane and I’m not leaving if I detect any hint that you’ll harm yourself if I go. But if you can handle it, I need to move this talk to another night when I can give it my all.”
She nodded and wiped her tears from her face. “I’ll be okay, Jack,” she said. “Now that I know you’ll come back to me and we’ll talk it all out.”
As he got up to leave, she grabbed his hand. “Jack, that thing I said to you when I was leaving the coffee shop.”
“About you and Dave?”
She nodded and looked at him and he realized she didn’t want to tell him but she also didn’t want any more lies between them. He hesitated and then took a long breath before he went to her and kissed her on top of her head. “It’s okay, Diane,” he said. “It’s over and done. Forget it. I have.”
“He…he asked about you…when we were together.”
The image of Dave came to mind and Burton worked hard to push it away. If he was going to forgive Diane, to get past what she did, he couldn’t do that remembering Dave, remembering why he hated him.
Why did I hate him?
As Diane stared up at him, her tears starting again, it suddenly occurred to Burton that sleeping with his wife aside—a crime Burton had been blissfully unaware of at the time—he still couldn’t put his finger on why he detested Kazmaroff.
“What did he ask you about?” 
“Did I know why you hated him? He said he knew you did before he even opened his mouth so it wasn’t something he said or did…”
I always hated him. That’s true. I hated him from the beginning. How could that be?
Burton turned toward the door and when he did he spotted the framed photo on the mantel. A panoply of images came crashing through him as visceral and real as his ex-wife sitting on the couch watching him. Images of his last stint in Iraq. With the guys. The guys who had been more like brothers to him than his own siblings. Ketchum, Davey, Marley, Fatso and Grub.
And Beaner. The memory of the face of the young lieutenant from Boston came to Burton so swiftly that he felt his insides heave as if he were taking a ride too fast with too many sharp curves. He grabbed the back of the sofa to steady himself.
“Jack? Are you okay?”
Dear God how could he have erased that man from his memory? How is it possible to know someone for eighteen months, to live with them, laugh with them, care about them, love them—and then never call their faces or their names to mind for seven long years afterward?
“Jack, you’re scaring me.”
He turned and looked at Diane, the guilt and tears of her recent confession still wet on her face. Diane and Dave.
Holy. Shit.
His legs gave out and he sat down in the tub chair by the couch with a thump.
Dave and Beaner. That was it. He stared at the photo. How could he not have realized the similarities before? 
Well, obviously on some level, he had.
The two of them were peas in the same pod. Not in looks so much but definitely in manner and the way they carried themselves. Both were arrogant and cavalier, both blond, both too cocky for their own good.
And in Beaner’s case—that would include every person in his platoon.
“I have to go,” he rasped out to Diane. “I’m sorry.” He got to his feet and stumbled to the door. He could feel her right behind him.
“Are you sure you’re alright to drive, Jack? Was it something I said? I don’t know why I had that old gun out. I wouldn’t have used it.”
“I know, Diane. And I’m fine.” He turned to her in the doorway. “I meant everything I said. We’re going to come out the other side as friends. Okay?” He touched her arm and rubbed it lightly. “Go to bed.”
She smiled sadly at him and nodded. “Same old Jack,” she said. “Always giving orders.”
It wasn’t Dave at all. It was never him.
Feeling a sense of clarity he hadn’t felt in years, he dialed Mia’s number as soon as he climbed in his car. The call went straight to voice mail. Fine, you can be as pissed at me as you want. He found Jess’s number and hit it as he pulled out onto Clairmont Road heading to I-285 and her house.
“Hello?”
“Hi, Jess, this is Jack Burton.”
“Why, hello, Jack. I’m glad you called.”
“I just wanted to let you know that I’ll be there in about fifteen minutes. I thought it was a good idea for Mia to spend the night there tonight.”
“Oh, lovely. I’ve missed the company, I must say. Although little Daisy does go a long way to making up for having a house full of people.”
Traffic began to slow a good mile before the exit off of I-285 to Peachtree Industrial. Burton saw a red tailed hawk circling high above and wondered what in the world he had spotted in the way of prey on a six-lane highway.  
“Can you put Mia on for a sec?” he asked.
“Mia? She’s not here. I thought she was with you.”
The feeling that had been nagging him in the back of his mind came roaring to the front.
“I dropped her off at your place three hours ago,” he said tersely. “Is your car in the driveway?”
The phone went briefly silent and Burton had an image of Jess running to the front room, the phone clasped to her breast, to peer out the living room window.
“Yes, my car is still here,” she said gasping. “Is everything okay, Jack? Is Mia okay?”
Jack drove past the pummeled remains of someone’s family cat on the side of the road.
****
The thing that woke her was the cold. If not for that, Mia was sure she could have ignored everything else. The pain, the insistent, grinding ache in her shoulders. She came up, clawing and breathless, from the dark bliss of oblivion, urged relentlessly on by the biting cold that wouldn’t let go of her.
“Come on, babe,” a voice near her said. A blast of onions and apples accompanied the words. She opened her eyes to see his face close to hers.
 Dave’s best friend.
“Wake all the way up, beautiful,” he said, his lips only inches from her face. “I need you awake for this.”
She didn’t want to be awake but her eyes widened as she looked over Keith’s shoulder into the darkness. Even moving her head that little bit shot a bolt of agony up through her arms and down her back.
She was chained with her arms over her head, her feet flat on the bare cement floor. When she jerked her arms to try to get them down, the pain cascaded down her back.
How long had she been here?	
She looked wildly at Keith. “Help me,” she whispered, her voice wobbling with fear and the cold. A chill trickled across her stomach and looking down, she saw that she was wearing only her panties. She wrenched again at her arms held firmly by the cuffs over her head and twisted her head to try to see her surroundings.
“Help you?” he said, laughing, his face a cavern of bad breath and chipped teeth. “I put you here, beautiful. I’m going to help myself, is what I’m gonna do.”
“Why?” she gasped. “Why are you…why…”
“Why am I doing this?” He reached out and cupped both her breasts with his hard hands, twisting the nipples as he did. She recoiled and convulsed to escape him but he held her tight. “Why am I taking ownership of Dave’s little sis?” He dropped his hands and bent down. When he straightened back up, she saw that he held a small leather whip in his hands.
“Because I’ve always wanted to, that’s why,” he said, snapping the whip against his hand. “You know how long I’ve thought about this moment?” He leaned in close and when she turned her face away, he grabbed her chin and pulled her back to him. “Ever since the moment your brother broke my nose because I said you had a fine ass.” Without taking his eyes off her face, he reached down and grabbed the elastic band of her panties and jerked them down to her knees. “And now that ass is mine.”
Mia closed her eyes and when she did, she felt her head spin as if the drug wasn’t done with her yet. She clenched her eyes tightly, hoping, praying she could force herself to pass out.
“No, you don’t, beautiful,” Keith said, slapping her face. “I need you awake for this part.”
He turned her from him and she could see that they were in some kind of warehouse or underground room. The walls were cinder block studded with a few shelves of boxes. There was a small set of stairs that led to a landing and a door…
She heard the crack of the whip before she felt it and at first she didn’t recognize the scream that followed as hers. A trail of fire crawled across the back of her hip and bottom and she didn’t have time to react more before she heard the whip snap again. This time, she knew what to expect and she twisted her hips to avoid it. The whip caught her high on her waist and snaked down her ass.
“You move around, girl, I’ll beat you anywhere I can hit you—your stomach, your face, your tits. Trust me, you’re gonna wanna take it on the ass. Fewer nerve endings there. Now hold still or I swear I’ll cut you to ribbons.”
Mia focused on the door and waited, willing herself to stand still. She looked at the door and imagined someone coming through it…any minute now…someone coming through it to help her, to save her.
Every lash stung worse than the last until she was sure he was hitting her harder with each stroke. She felt her own blood trickling down her legs where he was opening up welts he’d already made on her ass and she clutched the bare metal of the cuffs that kept her vulnerable and open to him. She could hear him speaking to her but she closed her thoughts to what was happening in this cellar. All she could see was that door...
When she awoke, it was quiet and this time what awakened her was the pain in her shoulders. She staggered to her feet to relieve the agony of her shoulders carrying her weight and she gasped in pain as she did. She must not have been out very long and when she twisted around to see where Keith was, she heard the flush of a toilet behind the door at the top of the stairs.
Will I live through this? Does anyone know where I am? Have I been here for days or hours?
“Awake, I see,” Keith said as he opened the door and came down the stairs to her. “That drug I gave you is unpredictable. When you wouldn’t take it in the drink, I had to go to Plan B and I wasn’t sure you’d be awake enough for this. My God, you’re beautiful.” He stopped a few feet from her and seemed to be honestly appreciating what he saw.
She was totally nude, her arms stretched out over her head, her face streaked with mascara, tears and sweat, her back a bloody latticework of welts and bruises.
He took out his cellphone and snapped a picture of her, then walked behind her to take it from that angle.
“Yes, please,” Mia said hoarsely, her acceptance of her torture and death now vying with her anger and mounting hatred of this man. “Please make it as easy as possible for them to build the case against you.”
He studied the screen of his cell phone before looking up at her. “These’ll keep me warm on many a cold night,” he said, grinning. “And the best part? No one will ever know I have them, or what happened here. No, correction. The best part? Your buddy Burton will be on the hook for it.”
Mia tried to focus past her fear. Even helpless and almost certainly soon to be dead, as long as she could talk, she had some hope. But the pain, the remnant effects of the drug, and her own terror were all coming together to make it difficult to understand him.
“You think the cops will think Jack did this?” she said. Her lip was swollen from where he’d slapped her.
“You know he hated your brother, right? Probably gets stiff just thinking of Dave dead.”
“Like you?”
“Oh, baby, I love your fire! When we get down to doing it, I’ll uncuff you so you can really struggle. God, I’ve imagined this so many times…”
“The cops need evidence to pin this on Jack.”
“Oh, they’ll have evidence…and something better,” Keith said, picking up the whip again from where he’d dropped it. “They’ll have your accusation.”
“Why would I accuse him? That’s mad.”
“You will because first, after being missing for two days, when you are finally found in Jack’s garage, battered and raped, and the police ask you what happened…wait for it…you won’t remember any of this.” He waved the whip to take in the confines of the small cement floored warehouse.
“I…I won’t remember?”
“That’s right, beautiful. I injected you with a very special concoction of Ecstasy and Kit-Kat or Ketamine.” He glanced at his wristwatch with a dramatic flourish. “I figure I have about two more hours of playtime before you fade out on me and become totally unresponsive to…my attentions. After that…” He shrugged. “You won’t remember a thing.”
She rattled the cuffs over her head, the anger building in her. “You think I won’t remember this? You’ll never get away with it.”
He leaned in close and snaked a hand between her legs and held her there. “This ain’t my first rodeo, honey,” he said, squeezing her until tears of pain sprang into her eyes. “You won’t remember a thing. I’ll call the tip in that I saw Burton carrying what looked like a rolled carpet into his garage and I’ll make sure he doesn’t have an alibi that’ll stand up for the time period. Then, I’m sure your lawyer, your mother and the rape counselors—I hear they’re very good—will all help convince you to testify against him.”
He released her and smiled. “And I’ll have my photos of our time together to enjoy again and again…until I arrange for a repeat performance which, trust me, beautiful, I will.”
Is this possible? He’s done this before? And nobody knows?
She shivered and gripped the ends of the chains that held her arms over her head. Two more hours, he said. Two more hours and then it’s over. I can last that long. Please God, let me last that long.  
“Ready for round two, beautiful?” he said as he grinned and slapped the whip in his hand. 
 
 

Chapter 16

Burton drove straight to Jess’s, parked and walked the perimeter of her house before coming inside. There was no evidence that Mia had been forcibly taken and every reason to believe she had left on her own.
Jess met him in the living room with a tray of cake and coffee. The little dog nearly leaped into his arms when he walked in the door. He put them both aside briskly and began to pace Jess’s small living room.
Where would she have gone? If she was on her own steam, where would she go? Carol was dead, and he had just come from Diane’s…
Trish.
It wasn’t much but it was all he had. He didn’t have Trish’s cellphone number so he called Information and got it. The phone rang and rang. Who doesn’t carry her cellphone with them? he thought impatiently as he waited. Did he even know a woman who wasn’t constantly checking her phone to see who had called?
“This is Trish Barnes’ phone,” a familiar voice said on the other line. “Who’s this?”
“Karen?”
“Jack?”
“What are you doing with Trish’s phone?”
“What I’m doing is screening her calls while she lies in a hospital bed a few breaths shy of a coma.”
Burton heard a faint voice in the background say, “Don’t exaggerate, Karen. I’m fine.”
Karen spoke to Jack. “She is not fine. That turd of a husband of hers broke her arm.”
“Who? Keith?”
“Yes, Keith. This time he put her in the hospital. I’m forcing her to bring charges against him.”
“Where is he?”
“Who knows? But they’re out looking for him.”
The voice came back stronger from the hospital bed. “And he’ll be madder than ever when they find him.”
Karen turned from the phone to speak to Trish. “Him being mad is not something you need to worry about ever again, Trish. Do you understand me?”
Burton heard a muted response from Trish but couldn’t hear what she said. “I was hoping maybe Trish had heard from Mia today,” he said. “She’s gone missing.”
Karen spoke to Trish. “Did Mia Kazmaroff call you today?” She came back to the phone. “She says no. She was too busy getting the shit beat out of her to take phone calls. I hope they nail that bastard to the Lawrenceville water tower.”
“When did he attack Trish?” It wasn’t much to go on but if Mia went to talk to Trish, maybe she got in the middle of something? Or maybe she found Keith instead?
“Four hours ago. Why?”
Yeah, the timeline fit. Mia had been missing for three. But how would the two meet up?
“Hold on, Jack, I just remembered when Trish called me, she had to use the landline because she couldn’t find her cellphone at first.”
“You think Keith took it?”
“Well, I’ve got it right now so he didn’t take it with him, but he definitely moved it from her purse where she usually keeps it.”
“Karen, do me a favor and check out the recent calls, will you?”
A moment passed as she scanned the list of calls on the phone. “Shit,” she said.
“She called, didn’t she? Mia called?”
“No, it’s an outgoing call, Jack. Keith called her about three and a half hours ago.”
Burton turned and stared out the picture window in Jess’s living room. She and the dog had retreated to the kitchen to make dinner and give him the quiet he needed on the phone.
Why would Keith call Mia? Why would Mia agree to meet him?
“Jack?”
He snapped his attention back to the phone. “Yeah?”
“Trish wants to know why you think Mia would have called her.”
“It’s not important.”
Karen gave a sound of disgust. “It’s because she suspects Trish, doesn’t she? That woman is certifiable. Come on, Jack. Trish? Seriously?”
“Can you ask her if there’s any place Keith might go, you know, to be alone or lick his wounds? They got a cabin up in the mountains or something?”
Karen turned away to speak to Trish and it was all Burton could do not to urge her to hurry. Finally, she came back to the phone. “Sorry, Jack, no. She says they never went anywhere and trust me, Keith isn’t the kind of guy to lick any wounds. He has no conscience whatsoever.”
“Okay, well, thanks, Karen, and tell Trish thanks too and I hope she feels better.”
He hung up and sat in the living room, holding his phone, as the light leached from the sky. It got dark by five o’clock these days. He knew, if Mia was in trouble, every minute was critical.
Jess came to the opening from the kitchen, a mixing bowl in her hands, the little dog at her feet. “Is it too soon to report a missing person?” she asked quietly.
He knew she knew the answer to that as well as he did.  
“I’ll find her, Jess,” he said.
“I know.”
He stood up and looked back outside the window but there was only darkness. Why would Keith want her? What was Keith’s state of mind? Had he just lost it? If Karen put Trish’s feet to the fire about the domestic abuse charge, that could finish things for Keith in the department.
Could make a man pretty desperate…
Fact is, Keith was Dave’s partner in crime as far as using Ecstasy and screwing the world. Did they have a falling out? It would explain why Carol—the other part of the threesome—might not live too long to tell any tales. Especially if she knew who killed Dave…
“Jack?”
He looked away from the window and saw Jess pointing to the coffee table where his phone was vibrating. He picked it up and looked at the screen.
“Hey. You think of something?”
“Trish said maybe Keith might go to their storage unit.”
“A storage unit?”
“She says it’s really more like a small warehouse space. They were trying to start an eBay business and they—”
“The address, Ange. What’s the address?” He was jogging to his car before he even finished speaking.
“Four ten Orleans Court. It’s off of Johnson Ferry in East Cobb.”

 Burton knew it wouldn’t help to get pulled over for speeding and he didn’t have time to explain if he did. He hesitated to call 911 on a crime he wasn’t sure was being committed and then decided he couldn’t be hated any more than he already was downtown.
It was the week before Thanksgiving and the traffic jam during rush hour between Doraville and East Cobb was almost not navigable. He forced himself not to jump on the Perimeter—what had been an average speed of seventy miles an hour this afternoon would have ground to a stop by now. He would have to take surface roads, blow past every stop sign that wasn’t attached to a school bus, and hope there wasn’t construction on top of the usual delays.
Doraville to East Cobb the week before Thanksgiving? He’d be lucky to make it in an hour. He called in a suspected B&E and gave the address for the storage facility. If Dispatch checked his phone number and ID’d him, they might pass that information on or they might not. If they did, he hoped it didn’t result in them cancelling the 911.
 He checked his GPS to confirm the address was where he thought it was. As crazy as taking Holcomb Bridge to Roswell was in order to get to East Cobb, it was even crazier to take the more direct route of Abernathy Road since that went right past the second biggest mall in the southeast and was the whole reason for the crap traffic this week in the first place.
Assuming the traffic cops had their hands full, he pulled out of his lane of stalled traffic on Mount Vernon and drove onto the sidewalk to reach Holcomb Bridge. There he gunned it, expecting and getting seasoned Atlanta commuters’ forbearance.
Spend six months in Atlanta traffic, he thought, as he swerved around an ill-placed fire hydrant, and you’ve seen it all.
He knew the back entrance to Johnson Ferry and thanked God for it. Coming from the south, Johnson Ferry, the main artery through East Cobb and the tract home neighborhoods of Woodstock and Roswell, would be jammed for at least two hours with everyone coming home from work. Nobody came at it from the north heading south—not at six in the evening unless you were some poor sap working the night shift on Pill Hill.
His GPS told him that Orleans Court was a dead end street and when he finally turned into it, careful not to squeal his tires in the process, he saw the only business on it was a warehouse of storage facilities. And not a single cop car in sight.
Damn! Did they ignore his call or were they all playing by the rules driving through Atlanta rush hour traffic?
The parking lot was empty but he knew that didn’t mean anything. Most of these places had rear parking for their loading docks. He turned to the back and saw a lone truck parked there. He stopped four spaces away, hopped out and opened his trunk. 
He grabbed his bolt cutters and ran to the garage door directly in front of where the truck was parked. In his experience, people really were as stupid as they acted. Trying to silence the pounding of his heart and the panting of his own excited breaths, he stood by the door and put his ear to it.
Nothing. Not movements, not voices, not footsteps.
He licked his lips and tried to listen harder, to block out the hum of traffic on Johnson Ferry, and the deafening, urgent fear that resounded in his head that told him he was too late and this was not where she was…
When the scream came—muffled and coated with agony—through the door, he nearly dropped the bolt cutters. Recovering quickly, he positioned the cutters and snapped through the heavy padlock, then tossed them aside and raked up the garage door, spilling light into the darkened back loading bay in incremental slices. He bent down and slipped under the door before it was fully raised, reaching for his gun before he realized he’d left it in the car.
She was kneeling in the middle of the room, her arms chained over her head and fastened to a pulley that would allow her to be lifted and lowered. She was nude, her head slumped forward on her chest, her hair a curtain shrouding her face.
He ran to her, looking around for Keith, but they were alone. Glancing up he saw a door at the top of a small set of stairs. A door that was slowing self-closing behind whomever had just fled.
A small moan from Mia resolved his brief indecision. She was alive. She could testify against Keith. Burton didn’t need to chase him. He found the winch that controlled the pulley attached to her chains and gently released it until she crumpled to the cement floor. He ran to her, stepping over an electric cattle prod, and gathered her into his arms. With one hand, he pried his cellphone out of his jeans pocket and called for an ambulance.
He heard the truck start up outside and drive away as he gently touched her face. Her body was bloodied and covered with bruises but he couldn’t tell from how many wounds.
“Mia,” he said softly. “Darlin’, can you hear me?”
It was all he could do not to race after Keith, pull him out of his truck and beat him to death. A pounding in his ears blotted out any background noise as the fury pulsed through him. He exhaled a long breath and lifted her onto his lap tugging a section of hair from her battered face.
“Talk to me, baby,” he said. “Come on, Mia.”
He felt the tension release from his shoulders when her eyes fluttered open, at first hesitantly and then, groggily, but open.
“There’s my girl,” he said, his heart pounding with relief. “I’ve got you now. You’re safe. You’re going to be fine.”
What the hell had that monster done to her? His eyes fell on the cattle prod and he saw that his hands were slick with her blood.
“Jack?”
She was trying to look at him, trying to focus. She winced in pain and gave a little cry.
“It’s okay, Mia, I’m here,” he said. “Everything’s going to be fine.”
“What…what happened?” she asked, her voice slurred. “Where am I?”
“You…you just…” Never mind, he thought. Plenty of time later for questions and answers.
She moved in his arms and even in the dark he could see thick welts and cuts across her breasts and hips. Gently, without jostling her too much, he shrugged out of his jacket and tucked it around her.
“Jack,” she said again, whimpering softly, as her eyes began to close, “what happened?”

 

Chapter 17

Jack sat in the hallway of St. Joseph’s Hospital. The EMTs had taken Mia there instead of Grady—a good forty minutes away in downtown traffic—and for that Jack was grateful. She had slept in his arms as they waited for the cops and the ambulance to come.  
By the time Jack had driven to the hospital and settled himself in the waiting room, Keith had been apprehended and taken into custody. A patrol car had gone to collect Jess. A newbie detective sat with Jack now, his notepad in his hand.
Jack knew he probably looked like a basket case. This kid was probably thinking, no way this guy was ever a functioning law enforcement officer.
The fifteen minutes he’d had alone with Mia, even though she didn’t regain consciousness again, had given him some succor. While he assumed she’d been raped, probably repeatedly, he was reassured to see that except for the welts and bruises, he could see no major injuries. Of course, Jack knew better than anyone how much worse mental and emotional damage could be…
“Detective Burton?”
Both Jack and the detective stood up as the doctor came into the waiting room. He was wearing scrubs and although it was only seven in the evening, he looked like he’d been up all night and all the previous day too.
“Is the mother here yet?”
“Not yet,” Jack said. “How is she?”
The physician hesitated only a moment. “She’s been drugged and beaten,” he said bluntly.  
Burton swallowed hard. It was all he could do not to smash his fist into the vending machine in the waiting room.
How long had that bastard had her? Three hours? Four?
His reaction must have unnerved the doctor because he took a step backward and turned to address the young detective. “The rape exam was negative,” he said.
Burton reached out a hand and grabbed the doctor by the shoulder. “She wasn’t raped?”
The doctor looked uneasily at the young detective before responding to Burton. “We probably should wait for Miss Kazmaroff’s mother to get here. But no, there’s no sign of penetration or semen.”
Jack slumped to a sitting position on the couch, then he looked up. “What about her mind? She didn’t act like she remembered anything that happened.”
“She doesn’t. We ordered a tox screen and we’re looking for a few specific things.” He looked at the detective. “It would be helpful to know what it was the man gave her.”
“He’s not talking,” the young detective said. “Not yet.”
Burton narrowed his eyes at the young man. “Is he denying it?”
“I’m not at liberty to reveal the facts of an ongoing investigation,” he said, and then, relenting, he said, “There were certain incriminating photographs found on his cellphone. The time stamp matches the time of the assault. The DA feels confident he’ll start talking in order to work out a deal.”
The doctor nodded. “Well, as soon as you find out what he gave her, the better. You can see her, Detective Burton,” he said, “as long as you realize she’s still very groggy.”
“Is she…her pain…?”
“She’s comfortable now.”
Burton hurried behind the doctor to Mia’s room. He glanced at the crucifix on the wall by her bed. She looked small against the starched white sheets, her dark hair spread against the pillow. He picked up her hand and she opened her eyes.
And smiled.
“Hey, you,” he said softly. “How you feeling?”
“Feeling no pain,” she said in a whisper.
The bruises on her face and neck were stark against the paleness of her skin and Jack’s stomach flipped slowly at the thought of how they were made.
“What happened to me?”
Her eyes closed and she licked her lips. He reached for the water next to the bed and held the straw to her mouth.
“You went to meet Keith Barnes,” he said, wondering if now was a good time for this.
Suddenly, the door opened with a faint rush of perfume as Jess came into the room. Her first touch was to Jack’s shoulder as if to comfort him and then she was between him and Mia, her hand slipping into her daughter’s. The moment she touched her, Jess’s shoulders began to shake. At first Jack didn’t know what was happening but as Jess bowed her head and a long keening moan came from her, he realized, she’s seeing what happened!
“Jess?” He put a hand on her shoulder. “Mia’s good now. Everything is fine. We got him and he can’t hurt her anymore. Don’t do this to yourself.”
Jess touched Mia’s forehead and smoothed away a long tendril of hair. “My poor baby,” she said, her voice choked with the effort to hold back her tears.
“Mom?” Mia said, her eyes were still closed. “Tell Jack…I’m sure it…was Trish that…killed Dave.”
“Hush, now, darling,” Jess said. “You need to sleep.”
“Or maybe…Diane,” Mia said, turning her face away as she fell asleep.
Burton stood behind Jess, his hands on her shoulders, ready to pull her away if she started to break down again. Jess leaned over and kissed Mia’s bruised face and turned to him and squeezed his hand.
They walked into the hall.
“Can you stay a bit?” she asked.
“All night.”
“They’re bringing in a cot for me.”
“I’ll be fine in the waiting room.”
“So they caught the man who did this to her?”
“They did.”
Jess moved into the waiting room and sat down. “I don’t like to leave Daisy alone all night.”
“I’m sure she’ll be fine. My guess is they’ll release Mia in the morning.”
“I think she should come home with me.”
“I agree.” 
Jess leaned over and took Jack’s hand. He hesitated, knowing she had the same gift Mia did and when he hesitated he realized that for the first time, he believed in the gift.
“You’re probably going to pick up on a lot of anger,” he said, trying to smile. “I’m presently wanting to put my fist through a wall.”
“I see that,” Jess said. “You’ve become very attached to Mia.”
“I love her.” Jack pulled his hand away. He had not meant to say that.
“I see that too,” Jess said. “They wouldn’t tell me who the man was, but Mia knew him, didn’t she?”
“It was Keith Barnes. Dave’s best friend.”
“I assume he was suffering some kind of psychotic episode or something?”
“I heard one of the EMTs mention…” As soon as the words were out of his mouth he realized he’d said too much. 
“Please tell me, Jack. I’m tired of being left out of the loop.”
He let out a long breath. “The guy said it looked like Mia had been worked over by a…sexual sadist.” When he saw Jess flinch, he added quickly, “But the doc says she wasn’t raped.”
Jess nodded. “There was so much horror when I touched her, I couldn’t tell whether she had been hurt in that way or not.” She looked at him. “It’s because you got to her in time.”
Burton shook his head. If you call being whipped, shocked and humiliated for three hours “in time,” then yeah, I did.
“Do not beat yourself up for this, Jack. You saved her and that’s all there is to it.”
“Mind reader too, Jess?”
“It’s a side interest,” she said with a smile. “I see they’re setting up my cot in her room. I think I’ll go in now and be with her. Why don’t you go down to the cafeteria and grab some supper?”
“Can I bring you back something?”
She smiled and gave his hand one last squeeze before turning away toward Mia’s hospital room. “Just yourself,” she said.

 For the next three days, Mia was content to sleep on her mother’s sofa, snuggle with Daisy and watch old movies on Netflix. Her mother hovered a good bit but Mia assumed that was probably normal behavior for someone who’d nearly lost their loved one to a psycho sexual sadist. As she wrapped the afghan around her knees she was amazed that the words brought no emotional response from her. It was almost as if it had happened to someone else.
Hell, it might as well have. Except for the discomfort of the burns and bruises over much of her body—all of which were healing now—she had no memory of that afternoon in the warehouse with Keith. It was like it had never happened. 
If there was someone besides her mother who definitely acted like something terrible had happened, it was Jack. It was difficult to imagine what it was he’d seen when he rescued her. During the questioning with the detectives, she was able to give very little information as to what happened, but she’d been informed of the condition in which she’d been found. 
So much for any sexual mystery now, she thought, wincing as she repositioned herself. If she’d ever had a hope that Jack might see her as something besides Dave’s pain in the ass, controlling, whacked out sister, finding her filthy and chained to a pulley in a warehouse probably put the permanent kibosh on that. 
During these last three days Jack had been his usual manic, obsessively protective self.  While he hadn’t actually moved in to Jess’s, he was over so much it was almost like he had. The fireplace was always blazing with wood that Jack had chopped and dragged to the mudroom off the kitchen. Sometimes he slept over and sometimes she knew he slept in his car—or didn’t sleep, more likely—up the street, keeping an eye on them.
He was always so evasive about who, exactly, he thought might be out to hurt her and Jess.
That’s because he knows Dave’s killer is still on the loose.
Three days was long enough not to climb out of your yoga pants even to take the dog for a walk—something neither her mother or Jack had yet allowed her to do.
Jess came into the room, drying a dish in her hands. “You alright, darling?” she asked for the tenth time that morning.
“I’m thinking about getting dressed today,” Mia said, flinging the afghan off her legs.
“Is that wise? It’s very cold outside. Have you asked Jack if he’ll have Thanksgiving dinner with us?”
“Why don’t you ask him? I’m sure he doesn’t have anything better to do.”
Their first Thanksgiving without Dave.
“Why, Mia! What a thing to say!”
“I didn’t mean it that way,” she said, although she wasn’t really sure how she meant it. Between Diane and Karen, she figured Jack was well taken care of for Thanksgiving or any other kind of stuffing he had in mind.
“I’m taking a shower,” she said as she left the room.

An hour later, Jack pulled into Jess’s driveway, a bag of groceries in the front seat beside him. He’d just gotten off the phone with Karen who’d told him that Barnes would be arraigned on separate charges of kidnapping and attempted murder. Because Mia remembered nothing of the experience, she couldn’t testify but the photos on Barnes’ phone, the presence of his truck at the scene of the crime, and the fact that Jack would testify that he saw Barnes flee the scene, was enough.
Barnes would work out a deal of some kind, Jack had no doubt, but he’d still go to prison. The worrisome thing in all this, as far as Jack was concerned, was that Barnes insisted he had never sent anyone to attack or “warn off” Mia.
Well, if it wasn’t Barnes, then who was it?
He was surprised to see Mia come to the front door. Even from this distance, he the bruises were evident on her face. She’d lost weight too, although her bulky outfit of double sweaters, jacket and jeans made it impossible to notice at the moment. He hoisted the bag of groceries in his arms and walked to the front door to meet her.
“Up and about I see,” he said.
“Thought I’d check out what was going on in the land of the living.” She smiled and he felt an intense longing to drop the groceries in the bushes and pull her into his arms. She was so beautiful, her lips were deep pink against her pale skin and her eyes fringed with dark lashes, even without a speck of makeup, were seductive.
“Want to take a ride later?” he asked. 
“That would be awesome. I’ve totally got cabin fever. Where can we go?”
“Lady’s choice,” he said, moving past her into the house. 
Jess was pulling on her coat and gloves. “Oh, good, you’re back,” she said. “I’m going to pop up the road for afternoon mass. Anybody interested in coming with me?”
“I’m good,” Jack said, setting the groceries on the counter and pulling cans out of the bag.
“Me too,” Mia said. “You go and pray for all of us, Mom.” She gave her mother a kiss on the cheek and joined Jack in the kitchen.
“Alright then,” Jess said, digging for her car keys in her purse, “if you’re sure. Oh, no, little muffin, you can’t come!”
“Come on, Daisy!” Burton called from the kitchen, “I got your favorite brand of horse meat and by products.” He heard the front door close and began spooning out dog food into a bowl.
“I’d like to go see Trish,” Mia said as she came into the kitchen.
“What for?”
“You know what for.”
Burton turned to look at her. “You want to get your hands on her.”
“I do. I’m not as convinced as you seem to be that she had nothing to do with Dave’s death. She’d have every reason to hate him if she thought he was the one who led Keith astray.”
“Astray?”
“You know what I mean. It was the two of them in the sex tape—”
“Mia, Keith regularly whaled away on Trish. He put her in the hospital just this week. There is no way she would give a shit what he was doing with Dave.”
“That’s where you’re wrong, Jack. I know it doesn’t make sense but just because he hit her doesn’t mean she didn’t love him.”
“Okay, this is all nonsense.” He turned away and pulled another bowl out of a cabinet as if to end the conversation.
“Every time I try to talk to you about doing something I want to do to further this investigation, you shut me down. Have you noticed that?” She tugged at his sleeve to get his attention, her fury shooting a long blush up her neck to her face. “I’m sick of you pushing aside my ideas so we can sit and do nothing!”
“In case you hadn’t noticed, Mia, we are sitting as you put it so you can recover from the last great idea you had about ‘moving the investigation forward.’”
“That’s what this is all about, isn’t it? You’re pissed because I inconvenienced you. I didn’t do what you told me to do and so you had to break a few dates to sit by my mother’s side in the hospital.”
“I don’t know what it means that half the time I’m with you I want to throttle you but yeah, if you’d’ve stayed put like I told you to, it would’ve saved everyone a lot of pain, not the least of which was yours.”
“I’m going out, Jack, and I don’t need to get permission from you to do it. That’s the end of that. I have a direction I’m going and you are not going to stand in the way of my going there—”
He threw a dish into the sink where it shattered, throwing shards across the counter, and then turned on her, his face red with his attempt to control himself.
 “Those bruises that make you wince every time you sit? Keith gave you those. That scrape down your side that bugs you every time you pull on a shirt? That’s from a cattle prod that was held against your bare skin.”
“Stop it, Jack!” She turned to leave the kitchen but he reached out and grabbed her hands. “The skin rubbed off right here? That’s where the cuffs held you as you hung by your hands.” When she tried to pull away, he grabbed her shoulders, hating the look of pain on her face when he did. “And did I mention you were totally naked at the time? Not a piece of fabric between you and his filthy, disgusting hands.”
“The…cops said I wasn’t…he didn’t…” She was crying now but he couldn’t stop.
“No, he didn’t because I got there before he could. But trust me, he did everything else.”
“I can’t remember any of it,” she said, her tears splashing down her face.
“Thank God for that. But I remember.” He looked into her eyes with a fevered ferocity he never remembered feeling before. “I remember your body stripped and ready for him and for whatever he wanted to do to you. I remember and I don’t think I’ll ever forget.”
Jack took a long breath. Describing it to her forced him to relive it. He noticed his hands still gripped her, and he released her but she didn’t move away. She took the step that closed the gap between them and he folded her into his arms as he’d been longing to do since the night he’d turned her away. He held her gently, trying not to press on her bruises, but she tightened her embrace.
“Hold me like you mean it,” she whispered.
“I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Too late for that.” She pulled back to look at his face and then raised up on her toes and kissed him. Without realizing he was doing it, he brought her up close and hungrily probed her mouth with his tongue. The need to be with her, to own her, was so strong it was all he could do to stop, not to throw her down on the couch and make her his. 
The image of what he wanted to do clashed painfully with the image of the bruises and welts that covered her body and he forced himself to push away and hold her at arms length.
“You’re killing me, Mia,” he said hoarsely. “Just fucking killing me.” He let go of her and rubbed his hands against his jeans as if trying to keep them busy doing something else, anything else.
*****
An hour later, Mia sat on the couch again, the dog in her lap, the television on. Jess was in the kitchen baking as usual. Jack was…Mia closed her eyes to relive the kiss and felt a tingling that started between her legs and made her squirm. Jack was tromping the perimeter of the yard looking for clues to a crime that wouldn’t be committed. 
Keith was locked up. Nobody was coming after her. But she knew that relentlessly checking the boundaries of her mother’s yard made Jack feel like he was doing something.
She leaned over to pick up her cooling cup of tea from the coffee table and a stitch of pain shot through the muscle in her arm. The ache in her arms had been the worst. She’d been living on ibuprofen since she got home from the hospital because of the damage done to her subscapularis muscles from hanging by her hands.
It felt surreal to her that Jack had experienced her ordeal more than she had. She didn’t even have an image or a dream to bring it to mind. Not that she wanted to remember torture, but it was discomfiting to have endured it, survived it, and not remember it. 
She nestled back into the pillows on the couch and turned to look at the fire in the hearth, snapping and popping with the seasoned wood. And then there was the kiss. Today’s incident in the kitchen, not just the kiss but his explosion, showed her without a doubt what she should already have known.
He loved her. And even if he never says the words, I know that’s true.
She looked at the little dog watching her with worried eyes. Unless. He just picks up wounded strays and that’s his thing. She frowned and put her hand on the dog’s head.
That would really suck if all this is just his pathology and has nothing really to do with me.
“Hungry, Mia?” her mother called to her from the kitchen.
Mia sighed. Why is it that eating always makes your caretakers feel better than it does you?
“Yeah, starving,” she said, picking up the remote control again and wondering why she no longer felt her father any more when she did.
 
Chapter 18

The next day, Jack and Mia drove back to the condo. During the entire trip he glanced at her and then away but the silence between them sat in the car heavy and oppressive. They’d said little to each other after yesterday’s meltdown—sealed with a kiss of all things. He shifted in his seat and stole another look at her. The silence didn’t seem to bother her at all. Her mouth was drawn into a straight line and her eyes never left the road in front of them.
At the condo, he carried Daisy in one hand like he would a football and unlocked the door. He was aware that she believed he was overreacting and making things more difficult than they had to be.
She hadn’t seen what he’d seen four days ago in a warehouse in East Cobb.
“All clear,” he said, turning and dropping the house keys in the bowl by the door. “I’m taking Daisy out. Get what you need to bring with you to your mom’s.”
“Still bossing everyone around,” she said under her breath, but loud enough that he could hear.
He ignored it and shut the door between them. When he did, he felt the tension ease that had been crackling in the air ever since they’d gotten into the car. He imagined she felt the relief too—maybe more so since she hadn’t had a moment alone since she came home from the hospital.
Hurrying down the stairs to the unmanned lobby, he snapped Daisy’s leash on her and plopped her on the only grassy spot in the whole complex—a small wedge of green that divided the parking lot from the storefronts under each condo. He caught his reflection in the store window that was Mia’s and looked in. They hadn’t gotten very far in cleaning it up but it looked passable as an office. He had no idea how this was all going to pan out but the idea that he and Mia would operate a business together—especially an investigative business—seemed more and more outlandish the longer he knew her.
First, she’s crazy, he thought, and whatever squirrelly gift she thinks she has will always get in the way of real investigation work. Secondly…he turned to study the little dog who was systematically sniffing the tires of the cars lined up in front of the store front. Secondly, he couldn’t work with her. He could barely be with her. How was he supposed to solve cases when all he wanted to do was make sure his partner didn’t get hurt? Would he ever feel like she was safe? Would he when they caught the guy who killed Dave?
He tugged on the dog’s leash. “Come on, Daisy. Do something.”
He glanced up at the condo perched over the storefront to see if he could see Mia on the balcony.
No, he didn’t know where all this was headed but however it ended up, he was pretty sure he wasn’t going to like it.
“Alright, mutt,” he said, scooping up the dog and heading for the door. “You had your chance.” He took the elevator to the second floor and jogged down the darkened hall to Mia’s door.
She opened it immediately and the brilliance of the smile she shone on him vied with the morning sun pouring into the living room off the balcony.
“You’re in a good mood,” he said, sorry he said it before the words were all the way out of his mouth. You don’t have to know very much about women to know that commenting on the silent treatment they just gave you, however indirectly, was a no-go. Amazingly, his words didn’t seem to annoy her at all.
“I am,” she said. “Getting out after being stuck in that darkened living room feels amazing.”
“Great.” He looked around the living room. “Do you want to stick around awhile longer?”
She moved to the door and scooped the car keys out of the dish. “No, I’m ready. I was just wondering if you could do one more thing for me. Just one more thing and I’ll leave you alone.”
 “Sure,” he said. “No problem. Name it.”
“You might be sorry you said that,” she said, laughing over her shoulder as she moved through the front door. 
“I’m at your service.” God, it felt so good to be talking again, to be pretending that he hadn’t been cruel to her yesterday just before landing a serious lip-lock on her that he almost didn’t care what she asked of him.
 “Could we possibly, pretty please, go by your ex-wife’s house for just a quick, teeniest of nano-seconds?”
I should have known.
“You know she’s really vulnerable right now, don’t you?” he said. “And I’ve already put her off about a very important talk—the one where I irrevocably dump her for good and ever. Honestly, I’m thinking an unannounced visit from me and my latest cutie-pie will not be met with smiles and coffee cake.”
Mia stopped and turned dramatically toward him. He waved a finger at her. “Don’t even say it,” he said.
“Am I your latest cutie-pie?”
“That’s what she’ll think. And I’m working really hard these days to consider other people’s feelings. You might say it’s my personal self-improvement project.”
“And very commendable, too,” she said with a grin. She appeared to be thinking for a moment and then snapped her fingers. “Do you know where she grocery shops?”
“I do not like the sound of this.”
“We can stake out the parking lot, you point her out to me and I’ll grab a cart and accidentally bump into her.”
“No. Absolutely not.”
She crossed her arms. “You said you’d do this little thing for me.”
“Running you to your hairdressers is a little thing. Sitting in the waiting room while you get a pedicure is a little thing.”
“This is what I need for you to do,” she said firmly, only the barest hint of her smile left on her face.  
He sighed heavily. “I assume you just want to put your hands on her?”
She nodded.
“Saturday mornings she takes a yoga class at the Atlanta Fitness Club in Druid Hills.”
“Perfect.”
“If you say so. I’m sure she’ll love being manhandled on her way to class.”
“She’ll barely know I’m there.”
“Right.”
The Atlanta Fitness Club off Tilly Mill Road was less than fifteen minutes from Atlantic Station. From there, Mia agreed to be taken straight back to her mother’s for the rest of the weekend. Burton was relieved that she seemed content with a hit and run on Diane before going back to her sweat pants and Jess’s nonstop cooking and endless pots of tea.
Surely to God, Daniels’ team is making some headway on Dave’s murder? It would help enormously to assuage Mia’s impatience if he could tell her there were developments. 
Probably too much to hope that they’d actually solve it.
Ever since he’d painted a graphic picture of what had happened to her at Barnes’ hands, he noticed she deliberately avoided talking about Barnes. Up until yesterday, she had regularly asked about the case against him. Now, neither she nor Burton wanted to go there.
The parking lot outside the club was packed, which wasn’t surprising for the weekend before Thanksgiving, Burton mused. They’d timed it beautifully. He pointed out Diane who was walking into the club, a rolled yoga mat in hand.
“Wow. Really?”
He could see Mia was impressed. Diane was a good looking woman, blonde with long hair and a good figure. Her yoga pants showed that off to perfection, he noted.
“You don’t have to do this,” he said.
She unbuckled her seatbelt. “Of course, I do. You want me to eliminate her from suspicion, don’t you?”
What was that supposed to mean? Did Mia think he was interested in getting back together with his ex-wife?
“What I want is for you to be back here minus the restraining order that contact with you usually provokes,” he said gruffly. There was something about the idea of Mia touching Diane that he didn’t like.  He dismissed the feeling as inconclusive emotion—never good when working a case.
“Ha ha, Jack,” Mia said without smiling as she stood outside the car. “Keep the engine running and don’t lose Daisy. She looks like she’s about to jump out the window.”
“I won’t lose her,” he said, motioning for Mia to hurry in and get it done. He watched her turn and speed-walk to the front door where they’d seen Diane disappear moments before.
Exactly twenty minutes later, Burton’s anxiety and boredom collided into one unsettling burst of nervous energy. He tucked Daisy under one arm and walked briskly into the sports center.
“Excuse me, sir, you can’t bring that dog in here.” The young man behind the registration desk wore a polo shirt and his hair shot up in greasy spikes as if he were continually being shocked.
“I don’t intend to,” Burton said, not breaking stride. “I just need to find someone.”
The young man ran out from behind his desk and stood between Burton and a pair of swinging doors. “Are you a member? Only members are allowed in past the locker rooms.”
“My friend just came in here,” Burton said, shifting Daisy to his other arm in agitation, “and since I don’t see her anywhere, I assume you allowed her in past the locker rooms?”
The young man looked uncomfortable. He glanced at Jack’s shirtfront as if expecting to see a badge or some form of corporate identity.
“She was with a member,” he said hesitantly.
“No, she wasn’t. You just made that up. You let a pretty girl in who wasn’t a member, didn’t you? Do you want me to report you for that?”
“I’m sorry, sir, I thought she was a member! She looked just like…like…”
Burton began to push past him but the boy held up both his hands as if to bar his way.
“Boy, you’re already in enough trouble…” Burton growled.
“I can’t let the dog in, sir!” The boy looked from Jack to the dog. “I’ll lose my job.”
Jack shoved the dog into his arms. “Fine. Hold her until I get back.” He hit the double swinging doors with both hands and ran inside, past the dressing rooms to the hallway of private rooms and jerked open each door—to gasps of the group of women lying on the floor—before he ran to the end of the hall and entered the large workout arena. His eyes went to every piece of equipment, every person laboring on them, and then he turned and headed back down the hallway of yoga rooms. 
Diane was in the second to last one. He opened the door and stood there as ten women slowly presented their derrieres to him, their hands dropping to the floor. He cleared his throat and two shrieked and instantly lost their balance. Diane was on the far side of the room, oblivious. If she’d been grabbed by Mia anytime in the last five minutes, she’d recovered well.
That meant there was a good chance that Mia hadn’t touched her. Which meant there was an even better chance that she’d never intended to.
Cursing, he backed out of the room and ran toward the women’s locker room.
Less than two minutes later, he had Daisy in his arms again and was walking toward his car while a set of burly female attendants from Atlanta’s premier work out station informed him at full volume that the police had been called. 
Burton didn’t even hear them. He was too busy calling Mia’s cellphone and listening to the dumbfounded voice in his head that ricocheted off the inside of his skull that said, she’s gone.

Mia turned her phone off and tossed it in her purse. How she hated doing this! If the man would just work with her instead of making her feel like an incompetent invalid, she wouldn’t have to. He literally forced her to take these measures. How were they ever going to work together going forward if he didn’t let her do her job?
She held her purse on her lap as she sat on the bus. When the phone call had come in that morning from Trish, it was all Mia could do to breathe a sigh of thanks that Jack was walking the dog at the time.
What luck that was!
Even though they’d left the Atlanta fitness center five blocks back, she felt more comfortable keeping a low profile in her seat. There weren’t many people on the bus—mostly grubby young men who looked like they’d lost their licenses or didn’t speak English well enough to have one in the first place. In any case they didn’t appear interested in her.
Hadn’t she told Jack all along that it was Trish? Hadn’t she said time and time again that it had to be her? She was the only possible candidate. She had motive, what with Dave luring her husband into that threesome with Carol. 
Mia grimaced. Well, at least she would probably think it was Dave’s fault. Obviously, Keith was a psychopath all on his own and perfectly capable of every disgusting thing imaginable but Mia understood that might be hard for a wife to see.
The bus trundled past the strip malls and dilapidated ranch housing of post-war Druid Hills, and Mia found a thrill of glee pulsating in her breast.
I did it, Dave, she thought. I said I would and I did.
I knew it was a woman. I didn’t let the fact that Trish was the last person anyone would suspect derail me from my path. I didn’t let your partner’s determination to sideline me keep me from finding out the truth.
I did it.
When Trish’s phone call had come in just a few hours ago, Mia realized that it was almost as if Mia had willed her to call.

“Mia? This is Trish Barnes. Can you talk?”
“Trish. I’m so glad you called.”
Trish’s voice cracked. “I’m just so sorry about…about all of it,” she said. “I’m sorry for my part in it and I can’t tell you…words can’t express how sorry I am for what Keith did.”
“Can we meet, Trish? I really need to see you face-to-face.”
“I want…that too, Mia. Only, please, I’ve suffered enough public humiliation. Can we do it someplace private? The media has been relentless.”
“Sure. Where?”
“Can you meet me at the True Way Baptist Church in Alpharetta? I know it’s a long way from here…”
“No, that’s fine. I actually board my horse not far from there.”
“So you know it?”
“I do. But I don’t have a car. Can you pick me up?”
“No, they’re watching me. It will be all I can do to get away myself. If you can take the train or a city bus to Clairmont Road, there’s a bus there that leaves every hour for Alpharetta and goes right by the street that the church is on. It’s a bit of a walk...I’m sorry to be so much trouble.”
“Just first...I need to know…it…it was you who killed him, wasn’t it, Trish? My brother?”
There was a pause and then a heart-rending sob. “Can I tell you how it happened in person? I know you don’t owe me that but, please?”
“I’ll get there as soon as I can.”
“Thank you. God bless you, Mia. And Mia?”
“Yes, Trish?”
“Come alone.”
 

Chapter 19
 

Burton sat in his car in the Starbucks parking lot, mindlessly stroking the little dog’s head. There was no reason to believe Mia was in any kind of danger. After all, what were the odds that there would be two sexual sadists running loose in her sphere of contacts?
No, Barnes was locked up, so there were no worries there.
If anything, Mia pulling this stunt was merely annoying. Why didn’t she just ask me to take her wherever it is she went off to?
But he knew the answer to that.
He looked down at the dog and sighed. “I’m crap with women, Daisy,” he said. “You should know that going in.” If he hadn’t patronized her…if he hadn’t tried to control her…if he’d just gone along with her crazy ideas and theories about Trish and Diane, he wouldn’t be sitting here in his car wondering where in the hell she’d gone off to.
Worse than that, it meant she didn’t trust him. And he’d given her every cause not to.
His phone buzzed and he nearly toppled the dog onto the floor of the car reaching for it. Glancing at the screen, he let out a sigh of disappointment.
“Jack?”
“Hey, Jess. What’s up?”
“I tried to call Mia but she’s not answering. I was wondering what time the two of you were heading back here. I need you to swing by Kroger and pick up an eggplant, if you would.”
“Sure, Jess. Will do.”
“Could you put Mia on the phone for a minute?”
Another backbreaking sigh and Burton rubbed the pain that was developing between his eyes. “She’s not here just now, Jess. She had a…private errand to run.”
“How very odd.”
“Yeah, but you know? Now that I have you on the phone, there’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you. You told me you didn’t put a tail on Mia after Dave died.”
“That’s not a question.”
“You’re right it’s not. So I guess my question is, why did you lie to me when you said you didn’t put a tail on Mia?”
“Are you seriously asking me that?”
Here it comes, Jack thought. The time-honored parental rationale about how lying, or worse, is justified if it’s your only child’s safety at stake. He glanced out the window and saw a couple standing outside the coffee shop and, loaded down with venti coffee cups, arguing fiercely. A little less caffeine might help, he thought with a half smile.
“Look, I get it,” he said tiredly. “It’s just, I would’ve understood if you’d told me the truth.”
“I told you the truth,” Jess said heatedly. “I didn’t hire anyone to follow her.”  
Jack snapped his attention back to her. “But I got a report that said the tail was picked up and the guys checked out. Said you confirmed you’d hired them.”
“Well, I didn’t. No one ever contacted me from the police.”
“You didn’t hire the tail?”
“I think that’s what I’m saying, Jack. You should learn to trust people a little more.”
Burton looked back out the window as the two people stomped off in separate directions. 
Someone was following Mia. 
“Yeah,” he said, his voice cracking in mounting panic. “I’ve been told that before.”

******
 Mia found it hard to believe people really took this bus way out here. It had taken her over an hour and a half to cover the distance she normally did in thirty minutes by car. By the looks of the empty bus, most people felt the same way.
Hell, hitchhiking would’ve been faster.
She stood on Brown’s Bridge Road and watched the bus reverse and head back to Atlanta.
Talk about the end of the line, she thought. She watched the bus disappear down the road, until the silence of the rural intersection crept slowly into her consciousness. They’d passed a new housing development about two miles before her stop but since then there had been only pasture and Georgia scrub pine lining the road.
Although slightly chilled, she was grateful it was so late in the year. She wouldn’t have to worry about snakes in the tall grass and from what she could see from Brown’s Bridge, the lane that led to the church looked like it was mostly tall grass.
How do cars get back here? Or do the parish members come here by way of horse and buggy? She shivered inside her thin jacket and turned down the gravel road that she knew would wind in a serpentine path to the little clapboard church. She’d ridden by it many times—everyone who boarded horses on this side of the Chattahoochee had—although she’d never come to it from the direction of the road. 
From her barn, the little church was at the end of two miles of undulating north Georgia pasture, woods and riding trails. There was even a salt lick on the far side of the structure that was a favorite stopping point for most riders and their mounts.
It was odd that Trish knew of the True Way, she thought. But then, she’s a Baptist. Maybe she just knows all the Baptist churches in the area.
Still, it was odd.
Odder still, in a way, the fact that Trish was now so ready to confess. Mia had been mulling over Trish’s phone call during her bus ride and she couldn’t shake loose the idea that Trish really didn’t sound all that guilty. She was tearful, sure, but there was something there that wasn’t right. Wasn’t real.
Although by the process of elimination if nothing else, Mia knew Dave’s killer had to be Trish. But the why in the equation eluded her. She was extremely keen to hear that answered by Trish.
As she walked, Mia heard the distinct song of some Carolina Wrens as they flitted about the treetops. When she gave up riding, her mother suggested she take up birding. At the time, the thought had seemed a very poor substitute. Today, with the sky so blue and the scent of wood smoke in the air, all Mia could think of was, what a beautiful day for a ride. 
After about a quarter of a mile, the gravel gave way to hard packed red clay fringed by thick brown weeds. From this distance, Mia couldn’t yet see the steeple of the little church but she knew it wasn’t far. On her right, a weathered split rail fence started up and when she walked off the path to see why, she saw it corralled a small graveyard.
Maybe it belongs to the church? Curious, but determined not to keep Trish waiting, Mia turned away and hurried down the dirt pathway.

*****
What am I not seeing?
Jack slammed his hand against his steering wheel and saw Daisy jump down from the passenger seat to cower on the floor.
What was she trying to tell me when I was too busy ordering her about and ignoring all her crazy ideas?
Mia thought Diane killed Dave. Or maybe Trish. She wanted to touch each of them.
But she had been right there where Diane was and a quick phone call to Diane ten minutes ago confirmed that Mia had not approached her.
So is she going after Trish?
He put the car into gear and pulled out of the coffee shop parking lot while searching his recent outgoing calls on his phone until he found her number. When he hit redial, the call was picked up on the first ring.
“Yes?”
“Trish?”
“No, this is her mother. Who is this?”
“My name is Jack Burton,” he said. “Is…may I speak to Trish?”
She hesitated. “I’m not sure that will be possible,” she said.
“I assume she was released from the hospital?”
“Yes, she came home last night but…the reporters have made it impossible for anyone to come and go. Perhaps another time? You’ll understand that Trish is devastated right now.”
“Sure. I understand. Well, thanks.” Jack hung up and turned into the tidy Brookwood neighborhood where Trish and Keith Barnes lived. He didn’t need a GPS to see which house was theirs. Two news trucks were parked on their street, one practically on their lawn, and a pair of reporters stood smoking by the mailbox.
Vultures, Jack couldn’t help but think as he parked his car behind them. They turned toward him.
“Who are you?” one of the reporters asked.
“Fuck off,” Jack said, walking up to the front porch. He’d never been to Barnes’ house and he was surprised to see it was an attractive unattached townhouse with a full garden in front. Trish may be an abused wife, he thought, as he glanced at the cascading mounds of impatiens that surrounded the porch, but her green thumb appeared to be intact.
He knocked on the door and waited. After a moment, he knocked again, turning to look at the reporters who were watching with interest but not approaching.
The door opened a crack and an elderly woman peered out.
“Yes? Can I help you?”
Burton couldn’t help but admire the quintessential southern woman’s manners. You might have reporters camped out in your front yard and your son-in-law might be in jail pending a charge of sexual sadism and kidnapping, but for heaven’s sakes be polite when a stranger comes to your door.
“I’m sorry, ma’am,” Burton said. “We just spoke on the phone. It’s very important that I speak with Trish.”
“This is not a good time, Mr. Burton,” the woman said, glancing worriedly over his shoulder at the reporters beyond.
“I understand that, Mrs…?”
“Graber,” she said. “Sheila Graber.” She opened the door wider and Burton resisted the urge to stick his foot in the doorjamb.
“I understand, Mrs. Graber. But it’s imperative I speak with her.”
“Who is it, Mama?”
Burton looked past Sheila Graber to a shadowy figure standing in the background. She appeared to be wrapped in a long blanket when she approached.
“I just need a word, Trish,” he said. “Please.”
“Let him in, Mama,” Trish said.
He was careful to control his reaction when he saw her. Both eyes were blackened and one was swollen shut. Her arm was in a sling.
“You shouldn’t be out of bed!” Sheila said, turning to her daughter.
“I’m fine,” Trish said, looking at Burton. “Can you make us some tea, please, Mama?”
Burton stepped into the foyer and closed the door behind him as Sheila emitted a heavy sigh and left the room.
“I need to ask you if Mia Kazmaroff tried to contact you today,” he said. “I’m sorry to be so abrupt.”
She stared at her feet and Burton thought she looked the picture of the whipped dog, the beaten wife. He couldn’t even imagine what tortures this poor woman had endured being married to that monster.
Her voice was barely a whisper. “No, I haven’t spoken to her today.”
A punch of disappointment hit Burton in the chest. He’d been so sure! What now? This was all he had, his only clue. That, and the fact that the lie about the tail had been spoon-fed to him. He licked his lips and looked away. Outside, he could see the reporters through a crack in the heavy drapes of the living room window. He could hear the muffled sounds of their conversation.
And then it came to him: it wasn’t the tail that was the lie.
It was the fact that he’d been told the tail was legit.
A nugget of roiling nausea began in his gut as he remembered who told him the report. The false report. 
Karen.
But surely that means someone lied to Karen and she just passed it along to me thinking she was being helpful?
 “Trish?” He turned back to her. “Did Karen tell you to call Mia today?”
She shook her head, tears streaming down her face, “I told you. I haven’t talked to anyone today,” she said, refusing to look at him.
Without knowing why or even that he was about to do it, he reached out and gently touched her on her shoulder. She flinched. “I’m telling you, I’ve talked to no one today.” And it was then that he knew.
She was lying.

*****

The church couldn’t hold more than twenty people.
With both front doors wide open.
Mia stopped in front of the building and tried to imagine who came here to worship. One of the right front windows was broken and as soon as she saw it, a creeping chill began working its way up her spine. Nobody worships here. Probably hadn’t for years, maybe decades.
Had she gotten it wrong? Could there be another True Way Baptist Church in Alpharetta? She turned and looked down the long path that led to Browns Bridge. There were no cars parked anywhere. The gravel path had widened to create a roundabout in front of the church which then spread out to form a flat grassy area which probably had once served as a parking lot.
How could she have beat Trish here? Forcing down the warning that was bubbling up beneath the surface of her reserve, Mia hurried to the east side of the structure to see if there might be a vehicle parked in back. As she walked, she noticed a scattering of loose bricks leading up to the barbed wire fence that kept pasturing animals in their place on the other side. Although she couldn’t see it from here, she knew the salt lick was just beyond the fence behind the church. It reminded her that on the few times she’d visited this area by way of the back pasture, she’d seen a gate.
She came to a stop behind the church and hugged herself against the increasing cold.
Funny how the sun, just minutes ago so comforting and light, could pull its warmth and recede into the woods, behind the clouds. Mia listened to the wind but heard only a few birds now, and the rustle of dried, dead leaves on the line of black walnut trees that ringed the fence.
Something isn’t right. Why couldn’t Trish have said what she needed to say on the phone? Why this place? The moment Mia made up her mind to return to the main road was the moment her eye caught the flash of color in the grass.
Could Trish have left a message for me?
It was behind a stack of ancient lumber piled in disorderly array at the back of the church. Even in November the weeds grew high here, easily to Mia’s waist.  She walked to the woodpile. 
It was getting colder and she’d been counting on a ride back to town with Trish. Now she would have to hurry if she wanted to catch a bus before it got dark. 
Frowning, she approached the stack of wood—nearly camouflaged by wild azalea bushes—to see what it was that caught her eye. It looked like the remnants of an old, yellow clothes basket and she was about to turn away without going any further when she saw, protruding from the broken wood stack, a long black arm.
 


Chapter 20

Mia’s knees began to shake.
A corpse. In the bushes.
She gasped and took a step backward, her eyes glued to the bushes where the thin, dark arm protruded obscenely.
Maybe he was just asleep? Or maybe he was ill? She pulled her cellphone out of her jeans pocket and turned it on. It would take several seconds before it was serviceable to make a call. She licked her lips and took a step closer.
And then another.
She could see his face now, his eyes staring upward to heaven, his mouth slack. He was elderly. And definitely dead. She glanced at the screen of her cellphone.
Hurry up!
A branch cracked loudly behind her. She whirled in the direction of the sound and dropped the phone onto the gravel. The woman who stood there had cropped curly hair and wore riding jeans with a simple black tee-shirt and paddock boots.  
“I knew you’d come,” the woman said, fishing for something in the front pocket of her tight jeans. “I knew you were that stupid.”
A terrible finger of dread crawled its way up Mia’s spine. “Who are you?” she asked.
“I love it.” The woman laughed. “You don’t even know, do you? Priceless.” She walked over to Mia, scooped up the cellphone and put it in her back pocket.
“Hey, that’s mine!”
“You won’t need it. My name is Karen Sanders. I see you’ve met old Jethro there.” Karen walked past Mia and knelt by the body of the man. Mia saw her tugging on the pair of latex gloves she had pulled out of her pocket.
She turned the man’s head so that Mia could see the injection site on his neck. “Even a drugged-out homeless man has a story to tell.” Karen stood and grinned at Mia. “I just didn’t need him telling it to the Atlanta PD. Know what I mean?”
Mia felt the fear return when she realized what the woman was telling her. She forced herself to speak calmly. “Where’s Trish?”  
“I don’t know what I’m more surprised about,” Karen said, shaking her head as if marveling at Mia. “That you thought Trish could kill anyone or that she would actually meet you here alone.”
 “I…I have her on my phone admitting to killing my brother.”
“I was standing beside her when she said that. Not surprisingly, abused women have a tendency to take responsibility for everything bad that happens. It’s a classic syndrome and, trust me, it won’t hold up in court.”
Mia felt her mind spinning in a thousand different directions. Had she been lured here to be killed? Were Trish and Karen in this together? 
 “Were…were you the one…who…”
Karen laughed harshly. “Is it really true you didn’t have a clue?
Mia swallowed hard and resisted the urge to just turn and run.  “Why?” she asked, taking a casual step away from the corpse and Karen. It was anyone’s guess who would be faster in a foot race. Even if Mia made it all the way to the main road, there was no guarantee there would be any cars passing. Or that any would stop…
 “Honestly?” Karen stepped away from the body. “I suppose it was a matter of respect. His behavior toward me after our night together could only be described as…forced civility.”
“At least he was civil.”
“Oh yes, the ever-polite southern boy. All, excuse-me-ma’am, to your face and a womanizing sleeze-ball just below the surface.”
“I’m surprised you wanted any part of him.”
 “Frankly, so am I. The second time we slept together was only because I showed up at his condo wearing nothing under my raincoat. Afterwards he gave me some lame excuse to get rid of me. Said he was having dinner with his sister. Please.”
“It was the truth. He was meeting me later that night.”
 “Well, let’s just say, he never got the chance to reject me again.”
Mia tried not to think about the words, about the truth of how her brother died.
“What about Carol?” she asked.
Karen made a sour face. “Carol was an idiot. After Dave died she decided she was in love with him after all. You can trust me on this, death makes some people considerably more attractive.”
“She was onto you, wasn’t she? She accused you?”
“Actually, she accused Trish. So see? Yours wasn’t a totally crazy theory. Except of course, it was wrong. Trish was probably the only woman besides you who Dave didn’t sleep with. When Trish told me what happened, I assured her I would make sure Carol never bothered her again.”
 “So you went to Carol’s house.”
“Whereupon the stupid bitch promptly switched her accusation from Trish to me!”
“How did you get her to take the Ecstasy?”
 “I told her to calm down. She was being irrational and I offered her a glass of water.” She shrugged. “She drank it down like I was a friend or something. It was so easy.”
“But why kill her?” Maybe she wouldn’t need to run after all. She couldn’t see any weapon on Karen, certainly not a gun or a knife. Maybe she could reason with her? No, she could see that wouldn’t work. Maybe if she taunted her? Didn’t that work on TV?
“You think I wanted to? Up until then I wasn’t on anybody’s radar. Carol told me Dave hinted to her that we had slept together. Hinted in a very mean way.”
“So she and Dave had a good laugh about what a crap lover you were and you threw a tantrum and killed both of them.”
“It’s more complicated than that.” Karen said, her eyes narrowing to slits as she watched Mia.
“Actually, I don’t think it is. And because you worked on both Dave and Carol’s cases as the ME, the cops are not even looking in your direction. Better yet, you were on the scene to doctor tox screens and sabotage evidence.”
Karen laughed. “It was almost too easy.”
“What about Jack?”
The smile fell from Karen’s face. “What about him?”
“Are you giving him the two-dates-and-you’re-out ultimatum? You going to kill him too if he rejects you again?”
“What makes you think he’s ever rejected me?”
“Oh, I don’t know. Just things he says about you. The times he sees it’s you calling and lets it go to voice mail. Little things.”
“I have been a valuable source of information to Jack and I doubt he has ever screened my calls. You don’t need to worry about me and Jack. We’ll be living together before the year is out.”
“What you said right there makes me think you probably have a good chance with an insanity defense. He says you dress like a man.”
“He never said that.”
“You’re right. I think it was more like ‘she dresses like a man dressing like a woman to look like a man.’”
“You know you’re not leaving here alive.”
“I know I’m not accepting any drinks from you.”
Karen held up a plastic syringe and removed the cap on the needle deftly with one hand. “Not a problem,” she said.
“Someone saw you come here.”
“Nobody who’s alive to testify.”
“Your car tracks.”
“Sorry, sweetie. I didn’t drive. I have a horse at Shakerag. He’s ground tied over in the back field. Why do you think I had Trish suggest this place? It’s covered with horse tracks. I know the forensics abilities of the Atlanta PD. They have trouble matching car tracks. They’ll never be able to handle hoof prints.”
“How are they going to make sense of two dead bodies?”
“Easy.” Karen pointed to the corpse. “You killed Homer here while you were high, then realized what you’d done and killed yourself.”
“Jack won’t believe that for a minute. That I took a bus to the exurbs to get high, killed some homeless guy, and then committed suicide? No one will believe it.”
“They believed it about Dave. If you hadn’t stumbled into Carol’s house when you did, they’d have believed it about her, too. Real life isn’t like CSI, sweetie. Half the time we don’t run the necessary labs because it’s too expensive and takes too long. Half the time it’s just some piece of vermin like this guy here who nobody cares about anyway.”
Karen positioned herself between Mia and the widest avenue around the church to the front drive, blocking Mia’s exit route. “They’ll find your body and figure ‘well, she always was a little nuts.’ Even Jack will think that. I’ll bet he tells you he never met anyone like you, doesn’t he? What he means by that is, sweetie, is he never met anybody as crazy.”
“You’re wrong.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll make sure he doesn’t grieve too long.”
Mia grabbed up a brick as Karen charged her and flung it in her direction. Because she didn’t have time to cock her arm back the brick only lobbed softly at her target, but the time it took Karen to dodge it gave Mia a few precious seconds. 
It went against instinct for Mia to turn away from the front of the church and the road that led to safety and people, but with Karen blocking her path she had no choice. She ran toward the pasture behind the church, her eyes searching desperately for something, anything, she could use as a weapon.
“It’s useless, Mia,” Karen yelled, her voice coming from just a few yards behind Mia. “You can’t get away.”
Expecting to feel the needle lance into her from behind at any moment, Mia snatched up a thin board from the ground. Splinters stabbed into the palm of her hand, and she flung the wood behind her without looking. She heard a thud and a grunt and used the small victory as momentum to push her toward the pasture. 
The metal gate, the only part of the barrier not studded with barbwire, was directly in front of her now, latched but not locked. It didn’t matter. She didn’t have time to unlatch it anyway. As soon as she reached it, she climbed two rungs and vaulted over the top feeling a vibrating shock course up her arms from the countless past riders who’d touched it.
Mia knew it would only take Karen seconds to follow her through the gate and she also knew that the field led to ten miles of empty grassland until it reached the Chattahoochee River. This close to Thanksgiving, there would be no riders in the pasture.
Mia landed on the other side of the gate with a thud and lost precious seconds scrambling back to her feet. On the other side of the gate was a small copse of bushes and saplings before the terrain opened up to the undulating, exposed pasture. Even in the cold, beads of sweat formed on her top lip and she could feel her sides heaving with exertion.
“Nowhere to run, Mia,” Karen called. Mia detected anger in her voice now as if Karen hadn’t expected for this to take so long. “You’ll wear out long before you reach help. And I’ll be right behind you.”
Mia grabbed up a handful of rocks and pebbles as she got to her feet and clenched them in her sweaty hands. She didn’t dare take the time to turn and fire them off. If she missed or didn’t do enough damage, she’d be face-to-face with her.
Breaking through the mass of bushes, she ran smack into the solid brown mass of a standing draft horse. The animal shied away and squealed in shock and Mia saw the whites of his eyes widen with fear. He must be twenty hands high, she thought. The stirrups on his saddle were threaded all the way up and with short, jerky movements, she reached for the one closest to her and yanked it down. He swiveled away from her when she touched him but didn’t run. His reins were looped over his head and trailing on the ground.
What was it Karen said? Her horse was ground tied?
Over her shoulder she heard the chain on the gate rattle as Karen opted to go through it instead of climbing it.
Mia grabbed the loose reins and flung them over the horse’s head. She had never been so close to a horse this large. A single miss-step from one of his monstrous feet would cripple her instantly.
She didn’t have time to think about that now. Even pulled all the way down, the stirrup was still as high as her chin and there was no time to look for a mounting stone. Twisting her fingers in the horse’s mane, she backed up as far as she could while still keeping a grip on him and, using every ounce of her fear and desperation to fuel her effort, ran at him in a two-step vault, swinging her right leg up and catching her foot in the stirrup. 
Her foot jabbed him sharply in the side and he jerked violently, but by then her fingers were wound into his mane and he couldn’t shake her loose. She hauled herself up until she was balanced in the stirrup and waited until he settled. She finished the arc of her leg as it swung across the saddle and found the other stirrup just as Karen broke through the copse.
Mia felt the power coil beneath her as if it were coming from her own body. When her legs and thighs closed around him, she and the giant animal fused as one. And when she realized she wasn’t afraid any more she felt him calm beneath her as he sensed her control.
No, she wasn’t afraid.
She was effing furious.
Gathering the reins firmly in both hands, she turned the horse’s head toward Karen and watched her back up, her eyes watching the animal’s massive, prancing feet.
“Come on, Doc,” Mia said, biting off every word. “Just remember if you stick the horse instead, I’m pretty sure this is gonna end with me grinding your face in the dirt.”
She watched Karen hesitate, shifting the needle to a stabbing position in her hand as she eyed Mia on the prancing horse. 
“Oh, did I mention the other option?” Mia said, taking the end of the reins and slapping them hard against the jumpy animal’s shoulder while she dug her heels into his sides. The horse bolted—two tons of controlled, nearly hysterical energy—straight for Karen.
Mia heard her shriek and try to dodge out of the way, too intent on avoiding the monster bearing down on her to aim for an exposed thigh as they passed. Mia jerked the horse’s head severely back in the direction they came and he swiveled on two legs to obey her. She held him in check and could feel him gathering his strength beneath her—ready to erupt into a rear at any moment.
She envisioned him lifting his front feet off the ground, pawing the air as she urged him forward in midflight—to come down hard on the woman standing before them. It was as if he saw it, too. Slowly, deliberately, he raised up on his back legs and Mia dropped the reins to grab his mane and hug his neck as the seat of the saddle dropped away from her. She never even had to touch him with her heels. He just knew. She’d already told him what she wanted.
“Mia, no!”
The voice came out of the mist of her frenzied intent like a rocket blazing across the sky. She closed her thighs around the animal’s sides and felt him drop back gently to the ground. She was suddenly aware of the faint wail in the distance of police car sirens growing louder and louder.  
Karen stood in front of her, the needle gone from her hand. Mia walked the horse a few yards away, while the animal stamped his feet and shook his head in frustration. Jack ran from the direction of the gate, his hands outstretched and holding a gun so that both women could see. But he was pointing it at Karen.
“Hands above your head, Karen,” he shouted. “Mia, you okay up there?”
Through the thin veil of trees, Mia saw glimpses of four police cruisers pulling up onto the grass and gravel in front of the True Way Baptist Church. At the same time, she smelled the wood smoke from someone’s fireplace and felt the late autumn sun returning to warm her back.
She leaned down and stroked the horse’s neck and, after giving one last shiver that rippled out from where she touched him, he calmed beneath her touch.
I’m okay, she thought. I finally really am.
 

 
Chapter 21


It was well past dark when Jack finally drove her back to town. The elation of having identified—and survived—Dave’s killer seeped away like the last rays of light over the little one-steeple church. Without asking her, he drove to a hamburger drive-through and ordered two double cheeseburgers, fries, and Cokes.
Mia couldn’t believe how hungry she was and what a genius Jack was for knowing it.
“Dave and I were always starving when we cracked a case,” he said as he bit into one of the burgers. They sat with the car heater on in the parking lot of the restaurant.
“Did you always load up on burgers and fries?” Mia couldn’t remember tasting anything as perfectly delicious as the burger in her hands.
“We did. We’d get so caught up in the puzzle and going down all the rabbit holes and dead ends—especially when we got close at the end—we’d forget about eating and then when it was over we’d be starving.”
“Working with my brother wasn’t always horrible,” Mia said.
“No.” They ate in silence for a moment. “In fact, Maxwell was right. There’s no way we could’ve been as successful as we were if we didn’t mesh well together.” He lifted up the bag of fries. “Right down to the brand of grease we loved.” He laughed. “This was as close as I could get to The Varsity. That was usually where we ended up.”
“So what happened?”
He pushed his burger away and looked at her and she could see he wanted to talk but he also didn’t want to. She waited.
“I found out something a few days ago,” he said, “when I was at Diane’s house. I guess I shouldn’t say I found out because it was more like it presented itself to me. I can’t explain it. You know how sometimes your mind is putting things together and you don’t realize it until bingo! There’s this fully formed thought in your head?”
“Kind of.”
“Seven years ago, I was in Iraq,” he said, looking now out of the car window into the night. “I was in a platoon with five other guys. We were the Band of Brothers, you know?”
He rubbed his eyes and picked up his burger but put it back down. “One night, we were out on patrol and one of the guys…” He cleared his throat. “We called him Beaner. All of us had nicknames. Anyway, one night we were going out and Beaner told us orders came down and we needed to change the coordinates of our meet-up that night.”
Mia put her hand on his knee.
“We hit the IED full on. Because I was sitting with Beaner in the back, we were thrown clear.”
“Oh, Jack…”
“Two of the guys were killed outright. Davey and Fatso. Davey had been driving. He wasn’t twenty years old. Fatso was a new father. Ketchum lost a leg. Grub and Marley got PTSD so bad from the incident that both of them are sitting in VA hospitals right now afraid to walk down the hall by themselves.”
“But you and Beaner were unharmed?”
Burton looked at her. “Well, yes and no. I called it in. Beaner just kind of sat there, stunned. I had to physically drag him under the truck in case there were snipers in place to mop up the aftermath.”
He ran a hand over his face. “I can still hear Ketchum screaming, honest to God.”
“Did you ever find out why Beaner changed the coordinates?”
He nodded. “Yeah. He didn’t want to go by a section on the grid where there was this girl he was screwing. Seems he’d gotten her pregnant and made some promises. Fill in the blanks.”
“Where is he now?”
Burton gave a mirthless laugh. “You’re not going to believe this. He got testicular cancer four months later and was gone two months after that.”
Mia took his hand. “There’s a reason you’re telling me this story now,” she said.
He nodded, not looking at her. “Yeah,” he said hoarsely. “I swear I never realized it before, but turns out your brother and Beaner were…a lot alike. Same height, same build, same coloring and they acted alike, too. I saw a group photo with Beaner last week at Diane’s and for a minute I thought it was Dave.”
Mia didn’t speak and Burton looked at her. “I hated Dave for no good reason other than I couldn’t connect the dots on a guy I thought committed the worst crime in the world and then got off the hook.”
“Well, he did die.”
 “I know. There’s that. I’m not sure Dave and I would ever have been friends. But I hung something on him that didn’t belong there. And he didn’t deserve it.”
Mia squeezed his hand. “I forgive you, Jack,” she said. “And I know if Dave were here, he would too.”
He looked at her and she watched his face soften as if he could feel the absolution touch him. “Thanks, Mia,” he said. “On top of it all, it was through Dave that I found you and that amazes me every day.”
Mia turned her face away so that he wouldn’t see her smile. They ate quietly for a moment.
“Oh!” she said suddenly. “I have news. My mom is dating Bill Maxwell. She doesn’t think I know.”
“Your mom and Maxwell?” Jack frowned as if trying to visualize it.
“I know. Pretty weird, huh? I caught the tail end of a phone conversation between them.”
“How long has it been going on?”
Mia shrugged. “I have no idea.” She wiped her fingers with one of the paper napkins. “But while we’re being all contrite here,” she said. “I want to formally apologize for giving you the slip this morning.”
“My fault,” he said. “If I’d’ve trusted you more, you wouldn’t have kept the call from Trish a secret from me.”
“I know you were just trying to protect me. You did what Dave would’ve done.”
“Except treating you like your brother would is just about the last thing on my mind. You have to know that. I didn’t stop us from going further the other night because I didn’t want you.”
“Then why?”
“I…I felt like I was taking advantage of you in your grief and your…gift thing.”
“You need to let me drive that. I’ll let you know what I can and can’t handle.”
He twisted in his seat to face her and took both her hands in his. “Mia, I’m going to promise you that from this moment forward I will not put you in a position where you feel like you can’t tell me the truth. Okay?”
“Does that mean we’re still in business together?”
Jack ran a hand through his hair. “God. Do you want to be? Tonight didn’t knock that little fantasy all to pieces for you?”
“I made some mistakes,” Mia said, frowning as she reviewed the day. “I didn’t see stuff I should’ve. I’ll be better next time.”
“You know you nearly died about half a dozen times this week?”
She turned to him in earnest. “You talked to Karen tonight. She was the one who put the tail on me, wasn’t she?”
Jack sighed. “She evidently thought you knew more than you did.”
“That’s for sure. And the rent-a-thug?”
“I didn’t have a chance to ask. I probably never will, now. But the truth will come out.”
“I’m sorry, Jack. I know you liked her.”
“I didn’t see it. She totally fooled me.”
“But you figured it out. You found me and you knew it was her. You solved it.”
“In a manner of speaking. If you hadn’t gone all equine kung-fu on her ass, I might not have solved it in time to save you.”
“But you did and I am. So I’ll ask you again. Are we, or are we not, in business together?”
Jack opened his mouth as if to speak and then looked out the window and started to laugh. He laughed until he began to choke as he gave himself up to the hysteria. Mia pounded him on the back fearing he’d swallowed an ice cube.
“I take it that’s a yes?” she said.
He wiped the tears from his eyes, his face still red as he turned to her. “Yes,” he said with a grin, “it is. I know for sure I’m crazy now but it is most definitely a yes.”
“Good.” She leaned over and kissed him on the mouth. “That just might be the first thing we’ve ever agreed on.”
“God help us both,” he said, shaking his head.


The End


Be sure and see what happens next in Shameless, Book 2 in the Mia Kazmaroff mystery series. 
If you’d like to be notified when each of next books in this series comes out, sign up here:
http://eepurl.com/LIUuj





Check out the excerpt of Shameless, Book 2 of the Mia Kazmaroff Mysteries!

When a terrified young Hispanic man is murdered, Jack Burton and his partner, Mia Kazmaroff, are determined to find and bring his killer to justice.

What they find is a festering infection of human trafficking that stretches across Atlanta from Roswell to Riverside, revealing young José’s murder is just the tip of a very large, insidious network of evil.

Can they find Jose’s killer—and the younger sister he was abducted with—in time to save her from a life of enforced sex and degradation?

And can they do it before Mia, herself, is taken?

1

It was the week after Christmas and the pasture crackled with light frost everywhere Shiloh placed a hoof. Mia rode him bareback, her blue-jeaned legs dangling on either side of him, her hand relaxed on his neck. The sun made a dazzling diamond effect where its rays touched the frozen grass.
The little terrier, Daisy, ran alongside Mia. At odd moments the dog would veer off and race in another direction, distracted, Mia assumed, by some field mouse in the process of shifting burrows.
Mia closed her legs around her horse and he broke into a trot. At her age she knew riding bareback would result in sore muscles and aching joints the next day. She looked in the direction of the gate at the bottom of the gently sloping hill that led to the tack room and the barn. Even from the pasture she could see where the SUVs and station wagons were normally parked in the dirt parking lot. There weren’t any today, just her mother’s old Datsun.  
She urged Shiloh in the direction of the gate. She could tell when she first climbed on him that he was agitated and nervous—probably the result of the wind scuttling leaves across the dead grass. She closed her eyes and willed calmness into him from her touch and smiled when, seconds later, she felt him relax beneath her.
Her gifts hadn’t diminished with her new-found ability to control them. Not at all. If anything, now that she could manage it, being able to tell the history and genus of any object just by touching it had gone from being a handicap to a benefit.
Usually.
She thought back to her brother, Dave, whose murder last fall had brought so many changes into her life. One of those changes was being forced to take control of a gift she’d allowed to rule her for too long. The other was the realization of a vein of steel in her backbone she hadn’t known she possessed.
And, of course, there was Jack. 
Jack Burton was Dave’s ex-partner at the Atlanta Police Department’s Major Crime division. When Dave was murdered, Jack had been the obvious person to turn to for help.
And for other things.
She smiled at the thought of him but the pleasure was tinged with frustration.
Is the man ever going to make a move in my direction?
Out of the corner of her eye, Mia saw her mother standing at the gate. Mia could see she was cold. Jess hopped from one foot to the other as she worked to get the chain off the hook to throw the gate open.
As Mia approached, her mother caught the opening swing of the metal gate before it crashed against the wood slat board fencing. Jess waited, her face flushed from the cold, her shoulders hunched in her barn jacket as Mia rode the horse through the opening. Daisy shot ahead toward the tack room.
“What took you so long just fetching one horse from the pasture? I’ve lost several important digits to the cold in that tack room. It’s freezing!”
“He was way up past the tree line,” Mia said. 
Mia heard the clang of the gate behind her as her mother shut and latched it.
“Jack called,” her mother said. “He says you have a case.”
 “Really?” Mia dismounted and gave Shiloh a pat on the neck.
“I didn’t even know you were going to go ahead with that,” Jess said, rubbing her hands together for warmth. “Taking cases and such.”
“I wasn’t sure we were either.”
“Are you going to call him?”
“Not until I feed Shiloh. Besides, we’re going to his place for dinner tonight. I’ll talk to him then.”
Mia pulled Shiloh’s halter over his head and clipped his lead rope to the metal O-ring in the tack shed. “Did I tell you Deputy Chief Maxwell asked Jack to come back to the force with no loss of pension?” Mia asked.
“Oh my goodness, really?”
“You can stop acting, Mom. I know you’re dating Maxwell.” Mia hooked a large blue bucket onto the same O-ring in front of Shiloh. He promptly shoved his head into it.
“Is that what I’m doing?”
“Fine. Have it your way. I’m not even upset that you felt the need to keep it a secret from me.”
Jess sat on a bale of hay and reached for the thermos of hot coffee she’d brought. She poured a cup and offered it to Mia.
 “I’m sorry,” Jess said. “I wanted to tell you. But Bill felt it was best to keep a low profile.”
“How long has this been going on?”
Jess shrugged. “When Carol died, he reached out to me and I was glad to be there for him as a friend.”
“Yeah, the two dozen roses he sent last week is definitely how I spell friendship.”
Jess blushed and failed to hide a small smile. “Enough of that,” she said. “You were saying that Jack was offered his old job back?”
 “He turned it down,” Mia said. “As you’re probably already aware.”
“Well, Jack Burton is a man who knows his own mind.”
“Eventually, anyway.” Mia finished off the coffee and handed the empty cup back to her mother. She watched Shiloh eat, listening to the sounds of his powerful jaws crunching the sweet feed.
 “Ready, Mia?” Jess said. “I’m freezing and it’s getting late.”
Mia untied the horse. “Put the bucket in the feed shed, will you, Mom?” she said. “I’ll meet you in the car.” She walked Shiloh to the gate and released him into the dark pasture, listening to his footsteps as the night swallowed him up.
When she got into the car, her mother handed her the phone. “It’s him again,” she said.
Mia took the phone. “Hey Jack,” she said.  
“This crazy broad has been calling me all afternoon,” his said. His voice sounded annoyed but it still sent a shiver of anticipation through Mia. “And I need to know if you want to meet with her.”
Who uses the word broad this day and age?
“Who is she?”
“Her name is Jennifer Laughlin and she wants us to see if her husband is cheating on her.”
“Yuck. Well, set up a meeting, I guess.”
“Okay, and thanks for being so good with the whole calling-me-back thing. Good to know, partner, how responsive you are.”
“Oh, chill out. I took five minutes to walk through a pasture and get a little Zen in my life. I figured you could hang on for five minutes.”
She looked at Jess, who was driving. Mia shook her head as if to say Don’t worry, it’s all good. She turned on the phone’s speaker so her mother could hear the conversation.
 “My big question,” Jack said, “is how did she even know to call me?”
 Mia buckled her seat belt. “It’s possible that while we were wrapping up the loose ends on Dave’s case, I might have…in a spurt of enthusiasm, run an ad or something.”
“You advertised our services as an investigative agency? Using my personal cell number?”
“It’s entirely possible.” 
Mia heard her mother cluck her tongue in disapproval.
“We will discuss this when you get here,” Jack said firmly.
“I hope we’ll discuss it over something to eat because Mom and I are both starving.”
“I’ve made a passable chicken pot pie with lemon zest. It’s probably not good enough to add to my menu for the business, but it’ll do for you two.”
“You say the sweetest things.” Mia couldn’t believe how Jack had embraced his passion for cooking—or how quickly he’d been able to turn it into a private chef business. He already had two regular clients.
“I don’t suppose you picked up the wine?” he said.
Mia looked at her mother who nodded.
“As a matter of fact, I did,” Mia said.
“Good. See you soon.”
Mia tossed the phone into her bag on the floor of the car.  
“Sounds like his business is off to a great start,” Jess said.
“It is so bizarre imagining him whipping up meals for rich, bored housewives.”
“Are we his guinea pigs tonight?”
“Sounds like it.”
“I like Jack very much.”
“Yeah, he’s tolerable.” 
Mia stretched a kink out in her neck while Jess negotiated the dirt drive that led from the barn to Brown’s Ferry Road.
“God, they should put lighting back here,” Mia said. “I don’t remember it being so dark.”
“Well, if they won’t repair the fencing on the east pasture that backs up to the river, I’m sure they won’t spend the money to—”
“Mom, stop! There’s something in the road!”
A shadowy form materialized suddenly on the road. Jess slammed on the brakes and flicked on her bright lights. Daisy jumped from the backseat to Mia’s lap, her ears pricked forward, her body tensed, a growl humming low in her throat.
Neither woman spoke. Mia squinted at the road illuminated by Jess’s headlights. Whatever she thought she had seen was gone. The pines loomed over the drive, the needles of their treetops touching to create a canopy. Their shapes stood like eerie, malevolent sentinels guarding the way out.
“Did you see that?” Mia whispered. “What was that?”



2

Mia leaned across her mother and turned off the car. When the car quieted, the only sound was her mother’s breathing and Daisy’s soft growl.
“Stay here,” Mia said.
Jess reacted as if she’d been stung. She jerked around to face her daughter. “Mia, no!” She grabbed Mia’s arm to prevent her from leaving the car.
“Mom, stop. I need to see—”
“Not out of the car! You can see from inside.” Jess hit the button that locked all the doors.
Mia pulled her lock up and swung the door open. “Stay here,” she repeated and slipped out, closing the door on her mother’s protests. Whoever or whatever had flitted across the road was still there, hunched in the deep ditches on the side of the drive.
 She stood with her hand on the warm car hood, trying to peer into the bushes on the south side of the drive where the figure had run. This late in the year, the light had fallen quickly but the car’s headlights made the shadows flicker and waver in the thick hedge.
“Hello?” Mia called. “Is someone there?”
There was no good reason why anyone would be walking in the ditches that lined the lane leading to the main road. There was no subdivision within two miles of Shakerag and no running trails to connect them.
Who would be walking around here this time of evening?
The rustling in the bushes answered her and she caught her breath.
“Hello?” she repeated, taking a step back toward the car.
An injured animal? One of the barn dogs? The hairs on the back of Mia’s neck prickled at the thought of the coyote someone at the barn had mentioned seeing last week.
When the figure emerged from the bushes, Mia’s hand went to where she usually wore her shoulder harness, until she remembered it was in the glove box of her mother’s car.
He was small, no bigger than Mia herself. At first Mia thought it might be a child. But when he staggered into the headlight beams, she saw he was a grown man.
And he was hurt.
Without thinking, she went to him and touched his arm. His face was streaked with blood and his eyes were wide. The fear that radiated up her arm where she touched him seemed to burn into her skin.
“Socorro,” he whimpered, his eyes darting to each side of the brush-lined drive. “Por favor…ayudame. Help me.”  

*****
“I’ll need you three nights next week?” Sheila Bressler said on the phone, her voice spiraling upwards to end with a question when there wasn’t one. Live in the south long enough, Jack thought, and every statement starts to sound like a question.
Jack sighed and nodded even though, of course, she couldn’t see him. “That’s fine,” he said. Crap. I was hoping to head up to the mountains next week.
“And then the dinner party on the twentieth? I mentioned that to you, didn’t I? For ten?”
“You did.”
“I’ll need low salt and no sugar. Two of my guests are diabetics. One has celiac disease, poor dear. And, of course, my gluten intolerance. Will you email me your menus by the end of the week?”
“No problem.” How the hell can you have a formal dinner with no sugar? And no salt? And what the hell is celiac disease?
“Thank you, Jack. My husband loved your truffle mac and cheese last week.”
“Glad to hear it.” Why wouldn’t he? It was loaded with butter and cheese, pasta and chunks of truffles.
After a few more instructions on how she preferred Jack to tidy up afterwards, they disconnected and Jack tossed the cell phone onto the couch then walked into the kitchen.
The last two days had been a serious pain in his ass with this new Buckhead client forcing his hand on the whole no gluten thing. If it were up to Jack he’d just tell her, eat it and deal with it. But of course, he was in the customer service game now. So he’d spend a couple hours online researching recipes and meal plans to accommodate her while hoping to come up with something that wouldn’t make a dog vomit.
He peered through the glass door of his oven at the potpie bubbling away. The crust was golden but not yet mahogany.  
Things had changed between him and Mia since last month when they’d solved Dave’s murder. Not really changed in a bad way, unless you thought the fact that they weren’t sleeping together was bad. 
Which he did.
He glanced at the water bowl on the floor. At the moment, he wasn’t sure if Daisy was his dog or Mia’s. He grinned ruefully. Looks like they had a shared custody arrangement. Regardless of how gruff he’d sounded to Mia on the phone, he was delighted they had a case—it was another reason besides her dead brother and a homeless dog for coming together.
Which was why his phone conversation with Jess a few minutes ago was so frustrating.
“I hate to ask, dear,” Jess had said, whispering conspiratorially into the phone while she was waiting for Mia to finish with her horse, “but if you have any ideas about dating Mia, I need to ask you to please table them. At least for now, as a personal favor to me, Jack.”
Jack tossed down the potholder and picked up his wine glass from the counter.
Something about Mia being all vulnerable and needing to get a better grip on her extrasensory powers first—or whatever the hell Jess called it—and saying that getting involved romantically could be problematic.
What the hell? It was bad enough they hadn’t seen much of each other since they solved Dave’s murder. They’d talked about creating a detective agency together, but what with his chef business taking off, nothing had moved forward. He’d been positively gleeful when the wife with the cheating hubby had called. 
Then, five minutes later, Jess called with her “special” favor.
Now he was supposed to hold off making his move? For how long? A week? A month? 
Indefinitely?
He heard Jess’s car pull up behind his truck in the driveway and felt a flutter of anticipation in his gut at seeing Mia again. God, he had it bad. He turned off the oven and drank down the rest of his wine.
“Jack?”
“In the kitchen,” he called, pulling out the anti-pasta tray from the refrigerator.
Mia stepped into the kitchen. She wore jeans and a corduroy barn jacket over a turtleneck. Her face was flushed with excitement. The mixture of a floral perfume with the faint whiff of horse clung to her long dark hair.  
Daisy burst in from behind her and jumped up against Jack’s knees.
“Hey, girl,” he said, squatting down to give the dog the hug he’d prefer to lavish on Mia.
“Jack,” Mia said, “I’ve got something to show you.”
“I hope it’s a pinot noir,” he said, standing up. “Although I could live with a decent pinot grigio.”
Jess came up behind Mia and squeezed into the narrow galley kitchen. Jack saw she had her arm around a young man.
“We found him walking down the front drive at Shakerag,” Mia said, shrugging out of her jacket and handing it to Jack.
The man was Hispanic, Jack noted, and judging from the spasmodic way his wide eyes followed Mia’s hand gestures, he didn’t speak English.
And he was frightened.
Jack waved them all out of the kitchen. “What happened? Who is he?”
“That’s just it, Jack,” Mia said. “We don’t know. Oh. I left the wine in the car.”
“We’ll get it in a minute.” Jack approached the man who cowered the closer Jack got, his eyes darting to Jess and Mia as if pleading with them to intercede. “What’s the matter with him? Crap, he’s bleeding!”
“It’s not bad,” Jess said. “But he seems to have gone through barbwire at one point.”
“Okay, everybody sit down,” Jack said. “And start at the beginning. When did you find him? I just talked to you thirty minutes ago.”
“Right after I hung up,” Mia said, patting the couch next to her. “Seconds later he practically fell in front of our car.”
“And why did you feel the need to put him in your car?”
“Okay, Jack, don’t be like that. Can’t you see he’s scared shitless?”
“Mia, dear. Language.”
“Sorry, Mom. We don’t speak Spanish so we don’t know why when I opened the car door he practically dove into the back seat. I figured he was running from someone, you know? Mm-mm, that smells good.”
Jack dashed into the kitchen and pulled the potpie out of the oven. He set it on the counter to cool and returned to the living room. The man was sitting on the couch now. Jack figured he was about twenty years old. His face was freshly cut by the barbwire but no longer bleeding.  
“He’s petrified,” Jack said, sitting opposite the man.
“I know,” Mia said. “We figured he was afraid we’d turn him in. For sure he doesn’t have papers.”
“He looks like he’s terrified for his life,” Jack said.
“Exactly what I thought.”
Jack gave Mia a baleful glance. “And your plan? I know you have one.”
“Beyond giving him a decent meal and trying to find out who’s chasing him?”
Jack sighed and ran his hand over his face. He turned to the young man who was staring desperately at Mia. “Como te llamas?”
“Jack! You speak Spanish!”
“What I just said, and an inquiry about the location of your aunt’s blue pencil box, is the extent of my linguistic abilities,” he said, grimly. He looked back at the young man. “Senor?”
The man continued to look at Mia as if she might save him.
“It’s okay,” Mia said to him. She put a hand on Jack’s shoulder, sending a jolt of heat through him where she touched him. “Jack is our amigo. He won’t hurt you.”
The man’s face crumpled into what looked like the beginning of tears and then glanced at Jack before turning back to Mia. “José,” he said. “Me llamo José.”
Jess stood up and went out to the car, returning with the bottle of wine. “I think we can all use a drink,” she said.

“Mi Hermana esta en peligro.”
“I have no idea what he’s saying,” Jack said.
“Mi Hermana.”
“Sorry, José. No comprendo,” Mia said.
“I think hermana means sister,” Jess said.
“How do you know that?” Mia said. She jumped up and rummaged in her purse for her smartphone. She touched a few buttons and then spoke into it. “Why were you running away tonight?” She held the smartphone out to José and an automated voice said: por que niegues esta noche?
José’s face lit up and he reached for the smartphone.
“Wait, let me move it from English to Spanish,” Mia said as she took the phone and made the adjustment before handing it to him.
He took the phone and spoke slowly into it. “Huia de mis captores.” He paused and the smartphone intoned flatly, I was running from my captors.
“Holy shit,” Mia said. “Like kidnappers? Does that make sense? Maybe he comes from a rich family back in Mexico or something?”
José spoke again into the phone. “Mi Hermana y yo fuimos tornados.” My sister and I were both taken.
“You were right, Mom. He was talking about his sister.”
 “Maria,” José said, as tears filled his eyes.
“I think I know what this is,” Jack said, standing up. “Mia, give me a hand in the kitchen.”
“Are you serious? Now?”
“Please?”
Jess took the smart phone from José, changed the setting, and spoke into it, “Where is Maria now, José?”
Jack pulled Mia into the kitchen. “You can plate up four servings while I open the wine.”
“What the hell, Jack?” But she pulled four large white bowls from the open shelving in the kitchen.
“I think he’s a victim of a human trafficking ring,” he said in a low voice.
Mia glanced at the living room where her mother was talking to José. “You mean like sex slaves? That doesn’t make sense.”
“Well, it might for his sister,” he said, pulling the cork out of the bottle. “But human trafficking isn’t just sex. He says he was held against his will. If he’s being forced to do manual labor, it would explain his injuries and why he was over by Shakerag. There are several companies that have factories out that way.”
“Are you serious?”
“I’m serious that human trafficking is a big problem in Georgia. Here, grab some forks. We’ll eat in the living room tonight.”
Mia loaded the four plates onto a tray with a pile of paper napkins. Jack followed her back to the living room with the wine and four glasses.
Jess looked up when they came in. “He said he hasn’t seen his sister in over a week. She’s only seventeen.”
José took his plate with both hands and for a moment Jack thought the man might skip the use of the fork. He looked at Jack for the first time since he’d arrived. “Gracias, senor,” he said. “Por favor me ayude.”
Mia reached for the phone but Jack waved his hand at her.
“Never mind. He said please help me.”
Mia put an arm around the young man and spoke earnestly to him. “We’ll help you, José,” she said. “Muyo ayude. Comprenez?”
“That’s French you’re sort of speaking,” Jack said.
“Ayudame a encontrar a mi Hermana.”
“Something about his sister again,” Mia said.
“You can guess what he’s saying, darling,” Jess said sadly. “I’m sure he wants us to help him find his sister.”
Mia nodded. “And that’s exactly what we’ll do.” She spoke into her smartphone. “We’ll find her, José. I promise you. We will.”
Encontraremos en ella, José. Te lo prometo. Lo haremos.
Tears seeped from his eyes and he smiled for the first time since he’d walked into the house. “Gracias, senorita,” he said. “Dios te bendiga. Dios te bendiga. Gracias.”

*****
Her feet were cold, her shoes sodden and falling apart. She had spent the last three days sleeping. She was sure they had drugged her. A part of her wanted to thank them for that.
In the small motel room, she saw three other women—girls, really—and they were all lying on the motel room beds as if they were dead. But Maria knew they were alive. Every now and then the youngest would whimper and call for her mama.
The two men played cards at a table by the window. They ignored the women and for that Maria was grateful. The other man didn’t ignore them, but for now he didn’t hurt them either. Maria tried to watch him without him seeing her. A long sheet of snarled black hair draped her face from where she sat on the corner of the one of the beds. She leaned against the wall and watched.
Her plan was simple. Papa always said those were the best kind. She would comply. Go along. Endure. As long as they didn’t kill her, nothing else mattered. She could handle anything else.
“Senorita?”
The gringo with the yellow hair—the one who smiled a lot—crouched next to Maria. He had a plate of tacos in one hand. And he was smiling. Maria didn’t know where he’d gotten the food but it smelled good. Even if it was garbage with salsa on top, it smelled very good.
Maria nodded and plucked a warm burrito from the plate. It felt soggy in her hand but it didn’t matter. It would fill her up. Besides, the gringo looked like he really, really wanted her to eat it. So she would comply. She wasn’t sure she could manage a smile. She knew he’d prefer it if she could.
For now it would be enough not to vomit back up the food he was offering her.
 
*****
After Mia and Jess left, Jack gave José a couple of ibuprofen for his bruises, a bottle of water, and the couch. The kid was exhausted and still afraid. Jack wasn’t convinced he wouldn’t bolt in the night. How in the hell were they going to find the guy’s sister if they couldn’t go to immigration? Jack had a contact at immigration legal services through Catholic Charities in Atlanta. They sometimes worked things around the back to get the job done. They might be able to help. Or at least give them a direction to start looking.
When Jack snapped the living room light out, José shot up to a sitting position on the couch and looked at Jack with consternation.
“You want me to leave a light on?” Jack asked.
José licked his lips and looked at the lamp.
“No worries, José. We all need a nightlight from time to time. Daisy! Where are you, girl?”
She was curled up at the foot of the couch with José. Jack smiled ruefully. If anybody knew what it felt like to be alone and afraid, it was Daisy.
“Alright, then, son,” Jack said. “We’ll get all this sorted out in the morning. Okay?”
José nodded and pulled Daisy up into his arms as he leaned back into the couch. “Okay,” he said in a hoarse whisper, his eyes closing as he spoke.
Jack ran a quick shower and then settled in the main bedroom with a novel Mia had been bugging him to read. He wasn’t big on reading fiction but he thought fifteen minutes a night wasn’t too much to spend on the woman who pretty much filled his every waking thought.
He looked away from his e-reader and frowned. Am I obsessed with her?  
From the moment she’d walked into his life six months ago, Mia Kazmaroff had redefined his world view—with herself at the center of it.
That’s what happens when you want something you can’t have, he thought, forcing himself to concentrate on the book. 
The crazy thing was, people had always told him oh, you’ll know when it’s real. They told him that in spite of the fact that he’d had a long series of serious girlfriends all through college and the police academy—not to mention a five-year marriage. And every one of those women had felt very real to him. Every one felt like they were right for him in cosmic ways that transcended the ordinary.
But until he met Mia, he’d never even come close to the real thing.
Stands to reason she’s got to be off limits.
He heard a sound in the living room and listened as José used the bathroom—little Daisy’s clipped nails patting along behind him—and returned to the couch.
Poor kid. If he and his sister really were abducted, there’s no telling what had happened to her. What was happening to her right now, he thought uncomfortably. He didn’t know what Mia had in mind—except a passionate intention to do something—but Jack was very much afraid this case was going to be solved the hard way. 
By sending José back to Mexico without his sister.

In his dream he was ripping his clothes off. Tearing at them like he couldn’t get them off fast enough. He felt like he was burning up. 
The kisses that accompanied the clothes-ripping were getting sloppier and wetter and Jack felt a needle of annoyance penetrate his dream life. And then he began to choke.
Daisy was standing on his chest licking his face and whining but there was so much smoke in the room, he couldn’t make out the dog’s form. He coughed and jerked the bedcovers back, startled to see sparks fly across the room when he did.
His lungs hurt like someone had coated them with hot sauce and every breath sliced him from the inside.
The fucking room was on fire.
He fell out of bed onto the floor and Daisy was with him nose to nose. It was easier to breathe on the floor but he knew he had to move fast. Now that his hearing seemed to be working again, he could hear the sounds of crackling and roaring as the flames on the other side of his bedroom door consumed his house. He crawled to the window and forced it open, watching the smoke suck outside in a powerful fume. The window opened onto the back deck. He grabbed Daisy and dropped her out the window and followed quickly behind her. 
Outside, the night was cold and the air thick and snapping with the flames from the roof of his house. He watched, stunned, as the eaves on the near side of his house broke and fell onto the deck in a shower of sparks and smaller fires. He staggered away and watched the flames punch out the windows in his dining room and kitchen.
And then he remembered…
José.
Jack ran to the kitchen door that opened up onto the deck and grabbed the doorknob but the door was locked from the inside. Looking around wildly, he grabbed a deck chair and heaved it through the dining room window that connected with the living room. Inside, all he could see was black smoke and fire.
In the distance, he heard the fire truck coming closer and closer. One of the neighbors must have called.
There was no way. He looked through the dining room window and fell back as another blast of heat and flame shot out the broken glass. Daisy ran to him and he scooped her up and held her to his chest as he watched his house burn.
There was just no way.


3


Mia sat in the metal chair next to the examination table that held Jack in the emergency room at Grady Hospital, an oxygen mask strapped to his head. She could see his eyes darting around the room as if trying to keep up with his thoughts.
It was unimaginable. Impossible to believe. Just a few hours earlier they had all eaten chicken potpie and José had smiled and she had told him they’d help him…promised him they’d find his sister…
“I’m sorry? Are you family?”
The man walked into the room, a file in his hand. He was wearing green scrubs and although he was smiling at her, he looked tired, as if he’d been up all night. He probably had.
Jack struggled to remove the oxygen mask and the man stepped up and put a hand on him.
“Be best if you could leave it on, sir,” he said. “The doctor is still determining how much smoke inhalation damage you sustained.”
So he wasn’t a doctor, Mia thought. Her eyes went to the man’s badge hanging from a cord around his neck. Ben Bryant, RN.
“I’m his partner,” she said, moving to stand on the other side of Jack’s bed.
Jack pulled the mask off.  “Mia, grab my stuff, will you?” He looked around the room as if searching for a carryon or personal possessions.
“You don’t have any stuff, Jack,” Mia said. Is he confused? Is that one of the symptoms of smoke inhalation?
“We’d like you to stay a little longer,” Ben said.
“No, thanks,” Jack said, draping the oxygen mask over the railing of the exam table and swinging his legs over the side. “You got your car, Mia? Did Jess come, too?”
“Jack, maybe you should slow down,” Mia said.
“He’s had a shock,” Ben said, picking up the oxygen mask. He looked as if he were trying to decide what to do with it and finally began to wind up the cord. Clearly, he wasn’t going to get Jack to put it back on.
“We all have,” Mia said. “I still can’t believe it happened. We were all there together just a few hours earlier.”
Ben nodded as if intently listening and Mia couldn’t help but think he probably had a lot of other things he could be doing. Like sleeping.  
“Where is he?” Jack asked as he stood up. He was wearing a pair of Dave’s old sweatpants and a Tech sweatshirt that Mia had brought. She noticed he put a hand on the table to steady himself. 
“Where’s José?”
“It’s my understanding, it -- he wasn’t brought to Grady,” Ben said. He looked at Mia and held her eyes. In them, she felt compassion but also a silent request to help him keep Jack from leaving.
Wow. Was he always this good at communicating with people he just met?
She put a hand on Jack’s arm. “Let’s slow down, Jack,” she said. “We can’t do anything for José right now and you need to rest. Where’s Daisy?” Maybe distracting him would help.
Jack sighed and leaned a hip on the table. He rubbed his face with a hand still grimy from smoke.
“One of the neighbors said she’d take her until I got back.”
Mia nodded. “We’ll pick her up on the way home.”
Jack looked at the nurse. “Where are the investigators?” He craned his neck to peer past the curtain pulled snugly around his examination table. “Do they have any leads yet?”
Jess poked her head through the curtain, a paper cup of coffee in each hand.
“How’s he doing?” she asked.
Jack grabbed at the curtain to move it out of his way. “Come on, I’m ready to go. I’m fine.” He turned to Ben. “I’m fine.”
Ben looked at Mia. “We can’t force him to stay,” he said. “I think there’s a prescription for a cortisone inhaler waiting for him at check out, just in—”
“Great,” Jack said, plucking one of the coffees from Jess’s hand and steering her in front of him with the other, “let’s get it and go. Where did you park, Mia?”
But he and Jess were gone before Mia could answer. She turned to Ben. “Sorry about that,” she said. “If he has any problems, I’ll see to it he sees a doctor.”
“That’d be wise. He’s lucky to have you as a friend. He seems pretty impulsive.”
Mia shook her head. “And he’s not at all. He’s just upset.”
“Pretty terrible thing to have happened. To lose your house and a friend all in one night.”
“José wasn’t really a friend,” Mia said. “But if you knew Jack, well, he’ll feel responsible for what happened.”
“Are the two of you…together?”
Mia was on her way out of the curtained enclosure when he asked. She stopped and did a slow turn. He was busy straightening up the room but she could tell he was embarrassed for having asked her.
“No,” she said, realizing when she said it that she felt drawn to Ben. He was tall with broad shoulders and blond. He had a kind face and the longest lashes... “Just friends.”
“You’ll probably think this is a crazy thing to ask in the middle of your tragedy and all but maybe we should stay in touch. You know, to keep an eye on your friend’s condition.”
He looked up from wadding the drape in a ball in his hands and Mia felt a sizzling connection dart between them.
Was this just the worst, most insensitive timing ever? For her to be checking out the cute ER nurse the night after poor José died?
“I think that’s probably a very prudent, responsible idea,” she said.

*****
Jack knew he was driving too fast but he couldn’t help himself. The morning fog was dissipating rapidly, revealing the bones of what was clearly one of the worst days of his life.
He had a good idea of what to expect when he turned off Peachtree Road. It was true he hadn’t been able to see much in the dark when the fire trucks and the EMTs came. His world had been encapsulated by a thick shroud of smoke and a moonless night.
But he knew what to expect.
Mia put a hand on his shoulder but he couldn’t tear his eyes away from the road in front of him. Just two more blocks now…
“Jack, you’re scaring me,” she said. “Slow down.”
“Sorry.” But he didn’t change speeds.
Jess sat in the back seat and she disengaged from her seatbelt and leaned forward to put her hand on his shoulder, too.
“I know what you two are doing,” he said, clenching his teeth. “I’m fine.”
“You’re not fine, Jack,” Mia said, squeezing his shoulder. “Physically, maybe.”
He could see it from the end of the street when he turned the corner. The tupelo tree that anchored the front porch was gone. He realized it had been the first thing he saw when he came home each night. He took his foot off the accelerator and slowed the car until it stopped in front of his house.
Where his house used to be.
The area was roped off with yellow tape and wooden barriers. And where before there had been a natty, World War Two era ranch, now there was a blackened crater of charred wood and earth.
The firefighters had managed to save part of the deck, probably intending to contain the blaze. Jack sat in the driver’s seat, staring at the carnage. His car sat parked in the driveway, a blackened hulk from where the fire had spread to it. He could see trees on the far side of Peachtree Creek which before had only been visible from his deck. Now even his neighbors across the street had a creek-side view.
Thanks to the convenient removal of his house.
“Oh, Jack,” Jess gasped from the back seat. “Oh my goodness.”
Mia turned to look at him, her eyes filled with tears. He knew what she was thinking. The house was nothing. Less than nothing.  
José.
“What in the world happened?” Mia asked.
He couldn’t look at her or tear his gaze from his destroyed home. The shame and feeling of responsibility seemed to seep from his pores. Seeing it again in daylight…knowing that this was where José died—Jack turned his head away from the sight.
While I scrambled to safety.  
“Have you heard back from the police?” Jess asked from the backseat. “Do they know what started it yet?”
Jack grabbed the steering wheel and closed his eyes.
That poor, helpless kid.

*****
Maria sat in the back of the van with twelve other women. Most of them were her age, one was in her forties. The fear was thick in the air, and as real as something you could hold in your hands. No one spoke but their eyes told long and terrible stories. 
It was now four days since she and José had been captured. Four days since they left home with promises to send money back. José was so strong, so confident. When she knew he was leaving, she begged him to take her with him. She was smart. She could type. She knew how to cook. These were skills that would bring in money in America.
Now she sat in the back of a van and wondered what her life would be. She wondered where José was and if she would ever see him again. When the van stopped, she watched the other women clutch at each other in fear. They didn’t know where they were going. They didn’t know what would happen when they got there.
It is a contagious thing, fear, Maria thought as her heart began to pound as they waited. She could almost see it jumping from person to person until it landed on her and wrapped its tentacles around her throat—squeezing until she could not breathe.
When the back doors of the van slid open, light broke into the back, but not much. She could see it was raining and was greenish-gray outside. She remembered days like that back in her village. Days she didn’t want to get out of bed.
“Maria?”
It wasn’t the word or the voice so much as the other women turning their heads to look at her that roused Maria from her thoughts.
“Si?” she said, her fear expanding into her breast until she thought she might asphyxiate.
“Come sit up front, darling,’” the voice said. 
She peered out through the opening to see the kind man from last night. The one who gave her food and spoke softly to her. He stood outside now with a rain jacket and a cup of something hot and steaming. She went to him and he took her hand and draped the jacket on her.
“Do you like hot chocolate?” he asked.
She looked into his face. And saw only care and love.

******

“I think I met someone.” Mia pulled the stirrups down from Shiloh’s saddle and slipped her hand between him and the girth.
Ned patted the neck of his Palomino mare. “I’m listening, girlfriend,” he said easily, a grin breaking across his handsome features. Ned was new to the barn, having brought his horse in from a boarding facility in Dawsonville just the month before. Mia hadn’t gotten all the particulars from him on why he’d made the move but she had a pretty good idea.
“He’s the nurse who took care of Jack when he was brought into the ER.”
“Dishy?”
“Supremely so. I think he liked me, too.”
“Why is it I feel like I’m back in high school? Are you going to tell me no phone numbers were exchanged? You got my hopes up there for a minute.”
Mia laughed and led Shiloh over to the mounting block. “Yes, I gave him my number. He hasn’t called yet.”
Ned swung up into the saddle on his mare and began adjusting the stirrup lengths to fit his long legs. “What’s it been? Six whole hours?”
“Something like that. He looked exhausted when I met him. Like he was on the tail end of a night shift. Which, as it happens, he was.”
“Does this mean you’re giving up on Jack? Let’s hit the west pasture today. The barn manager said there was flooding on the banks of the river. Dixie here hates water.”
“Sure, that sounds good.” Mia stepped up onto the mounting block and hopped onto Shiloh’s back. He moved away as soon as she was in the saddle.
“You need to make him stop that,” Ned said, wagging his crop in her direction.
“I know. It’s a bad habit.”
“One of these days you’re gonna need to get on him fast and he’s going to be half way down the gateway without you.”
“I have yet to have an emergency mount-up out here,” she said dryly, trotting over to where Ned waited for her. “And to answer your question, Jack has made no movements in my direction. Not since before we found Dave’s killer.”
“You think there’s a connection?”
“No, I just use that as a timeline.”
“Oh, darling girl, you aren’t thinking of making the poor man jealous, are you? Because, believe me, that almost never goes well.”
“Not at all. I like Ben a lot.”
“I knew a Ben once,” Ned said with a sigh as the two rode side by side to the pasture entrance.
“Do I want to know?”
“No, my darling. Trust me, you don’t.
Mia laughed. When her mother suggested she forget what was going on with José and Maria for just an afternoon and go to the barn to relax, Mia thought there was no way she could unwind from everything that was going on. But fifteen minutes in the company of her horse and a new friend and she was already laughing.
The power of distraction, she thought.
“Have you given any more thought to my offer?”
Mia felt some of the pleasure of the afternoon pinch away. “No, Ned,” she said. “I can honestly say I haven’t. Why do you want two horses anyway?”
“I told you. I’d like to bring a friend out now and then. I need a gentle soul to put him on. Most of my friends don’t ride. Correction. None of my friends ride.”
Mia leaned down and gave Shiloh’s neck a solid pat. “I could never sell him,” she said. “I feel like we’ve been through too much together. It’d be like selling my left leg or something.”
“But you’re still leasing him out?”
“Half-leasing him,” she said frowning. The board at the barn was costly. The pasture board—where she kept Shiloh—was less than half that and still too expensive for Mia without a job. “You know you can borrow him any time.”
“I know,” he said, sighing. “I guess I’m just hung up on ownership.”
“Well, I’m flattered but I can’t imagine what could ever make me change my mind.”
“That’s fine. I’ll leave it until next time.”
The two crested the main hill that gave them a vantage point of nearly the entire farm. Below them was the pond where most of the pastured horses were gathered around. Beyond that to the east, Mia could just make out the tree line that fringed the banks of the Chattahoochee. She looked to the north. As far as she knew this area was private pasture and fallow fields. There were no subdivisions for at least ten miles past it. It was the area where José had come from.
Had fled from.
Ned kicked his legs out of his stirrups and let them hang on either side of his horse. “It’s beautiful,” he said.
“Was it as nice at your last barn?”
He gave her a sideways look and then returned his gaze to the vista before him. “To answer your unspoken question, there were a lot of major macho equestrians there.”
“It’s unusual to have many male riders at a barn.”
“True, but this barn was attached to the Atlanta Polo Club.”
“Oh, so horse riders but not necessarily horse lovers.”
“Exactly. Let’s just say I didn’t fit in. When I was in Colorado, I used to compete in the Equestrian Iron Man. Ever heard of it?”
Mia shook her head. 
“Most of the tools at my last barn wouldn’t even be able to qualify, let alone compete in it,” Ned said with disgust.
“What does the Iron Man entail?”
Ned shrugged. “The usual. Cross country, then archery and finally ending up in the water.”
“And all of it on horseback?”
“Just like in days of old. Those a-holes at my last barn couldn’t pull a bow string with both legs planted on the ground, let alone on a horse at full gallop.”
“Wow. I’m impressed.”
“At least somebody is. Don’t listen to me. I’m just whining. The truth is I’m glad to be at Shakerag and I should’ve left my other barn long ago.”
“You’re not whining. And I’m glad as hell you came to Shakerag.”
He turned and gave her a grateful smile. They sat in silence surveying the view beneath them.
“Ned? You ever hear of human trafficking?”
“Sounds sexy.”
“Well, it isn’t. In fact, I understand it’s mostly enforced labor.”
“You’re right. Much less sexy. You think that’s what the Mexican boy was running from?”
“That’s what Jack thinks.”
“I still can’t believe the kid died and Jack’s house burned to the ground. Is the house a total goner?”
“Looks like it.” Mia didn’t want to remember the look on Jack’s face this morning when they drove back to his neighborhood to pick up Daisy. 
The look on his face when he saw the blackened crater that used to be his home.
And where José had died.
“Where’s he going to live now?”
“I’m not really sure.”
“You have room, right?”
Mia gave Ned a sideways look. “I see what you’re doing, Ned,” she said.
“What am I doing?”  
“Well, it’s a good point. He probably should stay with me until he can sort out another living arrangement.” She pulled her phone out of her pocket.
“I can’t believe you ride with that thing. What’s the point of coming out here if you insist on staying technologically tethered?”
“I’ll take it under advisement,” she said, punching in Jack’s number. He picked up on the first ring.
“Hey,” he said. “You on your way back yet? We’ve got a lot of work to do.”
“You still at my mom’s?”
“Maxwell is here to give me a lift.”
“Tell him to take you to my place.”
“You sure?”
“Of course. Hit K-Mart first for a toothbrush and PJs.”
“Thanks, Mia. I mean it.”
“No problem,” she said, feeling an unbidden rush of emotion close up her throat. “That’s what partners are for,” she said hoarsely. “See you later.” She disconnected.
“You and your mushy talk,” Ned said. “I was getting hot just listening to it.”
“Shut up.”
“How long you two going to dance around this thing between you?”
“There is no thing between us, ergo there is no dancing. Want to race to the salt lick?”
“Downhill? With the grass still slippery from the rain? What am I? The Man from Snowy River?”
Mia laughed. It felt good. The laughing, the sun on her back, Shiloh warm and responsive under her, the thought of Jack waiting for her back at her place…
She shook the thought out of her head. Knock it off, Mia. If he’d wanted something with you, he’d have made a move by now.
“You should bring Ben out to the barn as soon as possible.”
She frowned. “What? Why?”
“I find prospective mates are very telling in this environment. If they hate it immediately—the smell, the barn dogs, well, you’ll know in advance what you’re in for. Most husbands loathe their wives’ horse hobby. You know that, right?”
Mia urged Shiloh down the steep incline and Ned followed. “I do know that,” she said. “Any theories as to why?”
“Is jealousy still a good motive for bad behavior?”
“Absolutely.”
“Then there you are. I’ve yet to meet a man who didn’t accuse me of loving my horse more than him.”
“It’s because they need so much time and attention.”
“Are you talking about the horse or the man?”
Mia laughed. “Both. Plus horses are expensive.”
“This is true. It is a very magnanimous husband who is okay with the constant outflow of cash in the direction of the barn.”
“The answer’s still no to buying Shiloh, Ned.”
Ned shrugged. “Can’t fault me for trying.”
Mia closed her legs around Shiloh and felt him shift into the next gear. The trot erupted into a canter and then a gallop when she saw Ned out of the corner of her eye racing to keep up. And for the next ten minutes, she let nothing in the way of the pure joy of the day and the sky and the wind as it enveloped her and carried her away.

*****
Jack hung up the phone.
“Everything all right?” Bill Maxwell sat with Jess at her kitchen table, two mugs of coffee in front of them. He’d come over midmorning to brief Jack on what he knew so far about the fire.
Which was precisely nothing.
Jack returned to the kitchen and his own cooling mug of coffee. “She’s invited me to bunk in at her place until…” He shrugged and sat down.
“I don’t know why I didn’t think of it,” Jess said.
“You ready?” he said to Maxwell.  
“Sure.” Maxwell took a last sip of coffee, stood and leaned over to kiss Jess on the cheek while Jack walked to the front door.
“Thanks, Jess,” Jack called to her. “For everything, as usual.”
“Please take care, Jack,” she called back.
“Will do.” Jack moved outside to stand by Maxwell’s car while the Deputy Chief said a more private goodbye to Jess. It was weird seeing the two of them together. Especially since Maxwell’s last relationship was with a woman built like a brick shithouse and sleeping with half the people on the squad.
Don’t think ill of the dead.
He turned at the sound of Maxwell’s keyless entry and climbed into the passenger side.
“You two seem to have gotten close,” Jack said casually when Maxwell started the car.
“That a problem?”
“None of my business.”
“Kind of what I was thinking.”
Jack let the moment pass. Having Maxwell—his ex-boss at the precinct and not someone he always got along with—this close to Jack’s inner circle of friends was a good thing and a not so good thing. With the relationship providing possible access to police resources, he decided he’d be better off concentrating on how it was a good thing. At least for now.
“So you really have no new information about the fire at my place?”
“Investigations aren’t finished,” Maxwell said, pulling onto Peachtree Industrial Boulevard and heading south.
“Sometimes investigators make predictions based on what they’re seeing,” Burton said dryly, “even before the investigation is officially finished.”
“That’s true, they do,” Maxwell said.
“Is there a problem, sir?”
“You know you don’t have to call me that anymore,” Maxwell growled. “And under the circumstances, I’d prefer you didn’t.”
“What would you prefer I call you?”
“Bill will do.”
Bill? Was he really going to call the Chief Deputy—his ranking superior for fifteen years by his first name?
“Okay, Bill,” he said.
They drove in silence for several minutes before Maxwell spoke again. “Look, I promised Jess I wouldn’t say anything, but keeping mum is not my style if I’ve got a burr under my saddle.”
Jack looked at him expectantly. What the hell was he talking about?
“You and Mia. There’s nothing there, right?”
That was not what he expected Maxwell to say.
“How is that any of your business?”
“It is my business because everything that has to do with Jess is my business and she’s worried about the girl.”
“Worried, how? Why?”
“You don’t need to know the details. But it seems she’s gotten herself hooked up with some guy at the barn where she rides and Jess is a little worried.”
The words tumbling out of Maxwell’s mouth hit Jack in the stomach like a cannon ball to the gut.
Mia is seeing someone? How the hell did I not know this?
He cleared his throat. “Jess doesn’t like the guy?” The bastard! Of course, Jess doesn’t like him. Jess is an amazingly astute judge of character.
“She hasn’t met him,” Maxwell said. “And I think that’s the problem.”
“I see.”
“I figured the two of you weren’t together. A blind man could see that. But Jess thought otherwise, is all.”
Stop worrying, Jess. I did stupidly promise you, didn’t I?
“Nope,” Jack said, his stomach churning. Can this day get any worse? “We are not together.”
“Well, good. Keep it that way. No offense, but you are the last thing that girl needs.”
No offense taken you fat bag of lard.
“Naturally not,” Jack said, staring out the window as they exited from I-285 onto I-85.
“Okay, good.”
They drove the rest of the way in silence until Maxwell was nearly at Mia’s condo in Atlantic Station. Jack hadn’t bothered asking him to stop so he could pick up toiletries mostly because he didn’t have any money and he figured he’d rather lay down in the middle of the Connector during rush hour than ask Maxwell to loan him twenty bucks.
 “Listen, Jack, I know this has been a shitty start to your day what with your house burning down and all and I probably shouldn’t say anything but I’m gonna throw you a bone here. I figure you’ll find out soon enough.”
What the hell else did the fat bastard have to say? Could he ruin this day any more than he already had?
“It’s about the kid who died on your watch.”
Jack felt the nausea ratchet up in his gut as the familiar blanket of guilt dropped down on him once more.  “What about him?” he managed to say.
“The coroner determined cause of death.”
Jack snapped his head around. “He died in the fire.”
“Actually, he didn’t,” Maxwell said, pulling into Mia’s condo parking lot. He stopped the car and looked at Jack as if trying to make up his mind about something. “Turns out,” he said finally, “the poor kid had his throat slit.”





ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Susan Kiernan-Lewis lives in Ponte Vedra, Florida and writes mysteries and romantic suspense. Like many authors, Susan depends on the reviews and word of mouth referrals of her readers. If you enjoyed Reckless, please consider leaving a review saying so on Amazon.com, Barnesandnoble.com or Goodreads.com. 
Check out Susan’s website at susankiernanlewis.com and feel free to contact her at sanmarcopress@me.com.


Reckless
Copyright 2014
San Marco Press • Atlanta, GA

Reckless was published June 23, 2014 in
Aix-en-Provence, France
 
