
Brienne Dubh

A Lust/Hate Story
© Copyright 2019 Brienne Dubh 
Published by Independent Publishing 
Cover Design by James, GoOnWrite.com 
Typesetting by Ryan Ashcroft 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, business, events and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living, dead, undead, or actual events is purely coincidental. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 
All rights reserved
For the Mammy Mafia
Who are a bunch of amazingly strong and kind women, tired mothers, and dear friends who keep me sane. Thank you for always being there and making me laugh. 
I hope this makes you giggle and blush in return. That’s if you ever get time alone to read it. Which may mean you have to lock the bathroom door and ignore the kids banging on it!
Also, a huge thank you to my beta readers for their honesty and encouragement.
Love to you all.
King & Hunt: A Lust / Hate Story


1
The Red King
“Hell fucking no!” Gabby screeched, as she peered into the private function room of the hotel bar. “Why didn’t you tell me he was coming?” 
The man who caught her eye stood at a hulking 6’4”. 
Christian Hunt. 
Saying that she could not stand him was an understatement. Gabriella King hated Christian and it was widely known amongst their friends that the feeling was mutual.
“I didn’t know. I only found out he was back an hour ago.” Amy soothed as she tried to dodge pass her and open the door.
Gabby stood her ground, holding her back. While she looked dainty in her strapless, navy blue, swing dress and a pair of red heels – which gave her some height, but not enough stature to rival her taller friend – her curvy frame was like a rock blocking the doorway.
“So why didn’t you tell me that an hour ago?” She fumed through clenched teeth, dancing left and right as she blocked Amy’s arm from the door handle.
“Because I knew you would find some excuse to not come if I did.”
“Damn right I would have.”
“Gabby, you are my best friend. I need you here. Can you please find it in your heart to get along with him? Just for one weekend.”
“Absolutely not.”
“Please. You know I love you like a sister. I can’t do this without you.”
“No.”
“Please. I’ll do anything. I’ll even give you that black and green dress you like, the one I bought in Spain,” Amy coaxed.
“You know I can never fit my boobs into that dress.” 
“Okay, okay. I’ll cook for you. Next weekend I’ll make those pancakes you like.” 
Gabby paused at the offer. 
“The ones with chocolate sauce on top?”
“Yes.” 
Gabby took a moment to think. 
Amy’s uncle was a chef, who owned one of the top restaurants in California that even had a Michelin star. Loving Amy like a daughter, he’d taught her how to cook. Everything she made was mouth-wateringly delicious. She was good enough to open her own restaurant if she wanted to. Every time she came back from visiting her uncle, she was bombarded with requests to cook the new dishes she’d learnt. 
It was too good an offer to pass up. 
“I also want that spicy prawn and rice thing.”
Amy nodded fervently. “I’ll make you anything you want if you just go in there and promise to try to be polite,”
“I’m not promising anything, Amy. Your brother is a dick. Why couldn’t he just skype you again?”
“You know turning thirty is a big deal. He might have missed last year but he wasn’t going to let me go through this one alone. You’ve got to give him some credit for making the effort.” 
Gabby huffed and puffed for a while before relenting.
“You will cook all my food for a week,” she ordered.
“Done. Just go in there with me.”
She sighed. “Fine, I’ll try not to cause any shit. But if he starts anything, I’m finishing it.”
“I get it. I just hate that you guys hate each other so much.”
“I’m sorry but I tried. Some people just aren’t meant to get along. But I guess since you will be cooking all my meals next week...” Gabby paused for a beat, raising her eyebrow in a silent challenge to make sure Amy wouldn’t argue. “And since it’s your birthday, I’ll do my best to be civil.” 
Amy breathed a sigh of relief. 
“Thank you darling.” 
“Yeah, whatever.” She grumbled.
They embraced each other quickly before Gabby finally stepped out of the way so Amy could open the door.
They stepped into the room to a chorus of cheers and Amy was quickly pulled from one person to the next, receiving kisses left and right. When they eventually made it to their table at the front of the room, Christian enveloped Amy in a bear hug. 
Gabby watched impassively as he took Amy’s face in his hands and studied her closely. She glanced around at the men in the room and back at Christian. 
She could tell the other men made an effort to dress up by their crisp shirts and styled hair. Christian, on the other hand, simply wore his trademark black shitkicker boots and black jeans with a long silver chain that disappeared into his back pocket. She had to give him his dues for exchanging his usual T-shirt for an actual shirt, though it was still black. 
His dark brown wavy hair had grown since the last time she saw him and now hung past his shoulders. Judging by the beard he now sported, his face hadn’t seen a razor in months.
She had to admit, it suited him. He looked good in a wild sort of way. 
Gabby could see the love he had for Amy written all over his face as he smiled down at her, kissing 
the top of her head before hugging her once more. 
Though tall, Amy was still much shorter than Christian. With her slim build accentuated by a black figure-hugging dress and her long dark brown hair pulled into a high ponytail, she looked elegant. Especially next to him. 
“Hey little sis.”
“Big bro.”
“I missed you. Happy birthday, Aims.”
“Happy birthday, Christian.”
Born six minutes apart, Amy was the elder of the twins. However she’d always called him big bro due to his height and size and in return, he called his sister little.
Lost in the moment, she smiled subconsciously.
That was when Christian looked up, his piercing hazel green eyes locking onto hers, and his smile disappeared instantly and was replaced by a frown. 
“I see you’re still hanging out with Gobby.” His voice was loud enough for those around them to hear. 
His deep voice gave most women goosebumps, but as usual, his words only served to raise her hackles. She hated that nickname but refused to give him the satisfaction of correcting him, yet again.
“Hunt,” Gabby greeted briskly. 
It was clear by her tone she meant Hunt with a C.
“You promised,” Amy warned.
“What?” Gabby asked innocently. “Happy Birthday, Hunt.”
“Thanks, Gobby.” 
Christian smiled at the twitch above her right eye, knowing he had scored another blow. He hated the way she called him Hunt. Everyone knew what she was really calling him. What bugged him the most was that over the years, she had somehow managed to make him hate his own last name. 
He couldn’t stand Gabriella King. 
The mouthy woman never failed to rub him the wrong way but sadly she was his sister’s best friend. If things had been different, he definitely would have let her rub him up the right way. 
Gabriella had always been annoyingly sexy but unfortunately, that was always outweighed by her being way too fucking annoying. 
When he had first accidently called her Gobby, way back when they were in college, the name seemed to fit perfectly. It was made sweeter knowing how much she hated it. Funnily enough, she had a sensual mouth that always drew his attention and gave all men dirty thoughts. But regrettably, when she opened it, what came out was always guaranteed to piss him off. 
Even though he’d promised Amy to be on his best behaviour, he knew he would take any opportunity that presented itself to piss the woman off. 
“What happened to your hair? Lost a bet?” He gave her a sly grin. 
Gabby instinctively smoothed both hands over her straight hair. 
Previously a light brown, reaching just above her backside, it was now a short-in-the-back long bob, slightly above her shoulders in the front. She had also dyed it a post-box red. 
She adored it. 
“Are you turning thirteen or thirty, Hunt? Still such a child. I happen to know it looks fucking amazing and I love it, but thanks for noticing,”
“Who could miss it. Actually, I think it suits you,” 
“Really?” She waited for the insult that would surely follow.
“Yeah,” He told her truthfully. 
He thought the edgy cut and colour made her look hotter, especially paired with her red fuck me heels. But he wasn’t about to tell the irritating wench that.
“I mean, they do say that if you have red hair, you’re related to Satan. I always knew you were aligned with the devil,” He added. “Did you dye down there too? Can I call you fire crotch now? I bet you did. Go on. Give us a look, flash the flaming lips.” 
“Keep talking and I’ll show you how far I can shove my new heels up your arse. Prick!”
“I think you’re the one who needs something up your arse. Maybe it would make you less of a bitch. Wait, no. That would only happen if someone took that stick up your arse out first.”
“You’re such a fuckhead.”
“Nah, I just love fucking with your head. You make it so easy.” He pumped his hips towards her, laughing.
“Ugh. Get the fuck away from me, freak.” 
“And so, it begins,” Amy interrupted. “You promised, both of you. I know I won’t get the whole weekend but at least try for one night. Or one bloody hour. Just give me something.” 
Amy sighed and rubbed her hands over her face. This was tame for them, but she’d hoped they could have waited for more than five minutes before letting the insults fly. 
Gabby took a deep breath. 
“Sorry, Amy.”
“Yeah. Sorry, Aims,” Christian added. 
It was as though they had regressed back into teenagers. 
“I’ll give you two some space to catch up. If you need me, I’ll be at the bar.” 
Gabby leaned in and gave Amy a quick squeeze while narrowing her eyes at Christian, before going to get the first of what she planned to be many drinks. 
Christian watched Gabby’s ass as she sashayed away from them. As annoying as she was, he always enjoyed watching her go.
*
The party was going well, and everyone seemed to be having a great time. 
At some point, the DJ had started playing 90’s music and everyone had stampeded on to the dance floor when a well know song came on. It stayed full for most of the night. 
Gabby had had a bit to drink, but not even the last southern comfort could dull the ache her gorgeous shoes were causing. Before another song could come on, she made her way back to the table, via the bar, to rest her feet. 
Amy’s purse and drink were still there, but the birthday girl was off dancing with Derek from her workplace, whom she had fancied for quite some time. 
She silently wished her best friend luck. 
Amy’s last boyfriend got all creepy and obsessive after two months; hanging around outside her house at all hours, calling her and telling her he loved her at 4am every single morning. She ended up moving in with Gabby and changed her number. 
Gabby, on the other hand, went home early one night and walked in on her ex-boyfriend, James, obviously drunk and in bed with two other women. He was wielding a riding crop at the time and shouting ‘giddy up, big tits, giddy up’. The unremorseful bastard only asked if she wanted to join in. 
She often thought back and wondered how he thought he could satisfy three women at once when he didn’t have a clue how to satisfy the one he had. She also wondered if that was just her being bitter as she wouldn’t have stayed with him that long if it had been all bad. 
Either way it didn’t matter anymore. 
That night she’d packed up what she could and left a note, explaining that someone would be over for the rest of her stuff. After a few nights on a friend’s sofa, she rented a two bedroom flat in north London, which worked out perfectly as a few days later, Gabby needed a new place.
They had shitty luck with men but at least they had each other. 
Gabby hoped her best friend at least managed to have a birthday hook up with the guy she liked, she deserved to have a little fun. 
She watched as Derek reached in to push a lock of Amy’s hair behind her ear. Amy gazed up at him and gave him a look that had Derek pulling her closer before they swayed together on the dance floor. She smiled. 
Gabby continued to survey the festively decorated room. It was only the fourth of December, but tinsels and sparkles were everywhere. A huge tree was propped up in one corner and had so many gold and silver baubles, it looked as if it would topple over if anyone shimmed too close. 
Sipping her southern comfort, she then took a huge mouthful from a glass of water. Wanting to get drunk but also needing to stave off a hangover was a delicate balance. She was in her 30s now and the older she got, the worse they seemed to get. 
She looked out across the room and was suddenly locked into a staring battle with a pair of intense green eyes. A shiver ran up her spine. Christian had been watching her from the bar. The man was an ass but borrowing her grandmother’s saying, the man was also a tall drink of water. 
Why are the hot ones always assholes?
“Why couldn’t he be born mute?” She muttered out loud. 
Glancing over, Gabby frowned and then sighed when she saw Christian was making his way over to her with two small glasses and a bottle. 
They had managed to avoid each other for most of the night so she was puzzled as to why he was purposefully seeking her out now. She watched as he placed the drinks on the table and dropped down into the empty seat beside her, his muscular frame making the chair creak in protest. Christian was a huge, so even though he was now sitting down, he still towered over her.
“Gobby,” He greeted. 
“What do you want?” She groaned. Why did he always have to smell so good?
“See. This, among many other reasons, is exactly why I don’t like you. You’re so fucking hostile.”
“Just adapting to my environment.”
“I must be a fucking arsehole then.”
“Now you’re getting it,” She answered sweetly and gave him a cheeky wink. 
Christian slid a small glass her way. 
“What’s this? Arsenic?”
“I wish,” He told her dryly. “It’s Bourbon. Let’s do a shot.” When she eyed him suspiciously, he carried on. “I’m trying to be nice, for Amy’s sake. She read me the riot act a while ago and you know what that’s like. So, I’m actually going to try and be nice to you. For a little while, at least.” 
Gabby picked up the shot of Bourbon and held it up, eyeing it again.
“To being nice.”
Christian clinked his glass against hers. 
“To playing nice,” He corrected.
They downed their shots and slammed the glasses down on the table.
“So, what else makes you hate me?” 
Christian raised an eyebrow and studied her. She was serious. 
He took a swig of his beer. 
“You really want to do this now?” 
He wasn’t sober, but he wasn’t sure if he was drunk enough for this conversation, especially on his birthday.
“Yeah, why not? We never had any problems being rude to each other’s faces before. So while we’re playing nice, let’s talk and get this shit out on the table.” 
Christian barely waited for her to finish speaking before he started talking. 
“You’re brash, opinionated, mean, rude, bossy, always a bitch, and just plain old fucking annoying.” 
He paused to gauge her reaction. 
Gabby’s eye twitched a little but other than that little give away, she remained calm.
“Go on.” 
“I remember when I first saw you during that first term of college. Actually. That’s a lie. I fucking heard you before I even saw you. I was just coming out of photography in the art block and was heading to meet up with Amy and her ‘new friend’. That’s when the screeching that is your voice, first assaulted my ears.” 
“Everyone heard you mouthing off about Brian Logue and his merry band of misfits. Remember Brian? My best friend at the time, making me one of said misfits. You made it sound like we were troublemakers. Told anyone who would listen how dodgy we all were.”
“You were, and Brian was dodgy as fuck. If I remember correctly, he stole his dad’s car the week before we graduated and smashed it up while drunk.”
“He had a lot of shit going on at home. That was messed up, I’ll give you that. But he was acting out for a reason. He just didn’t know how to deal with things,” 
“I guess he’s still acting out. Currently in prison for armed robbery, gets out in five I think, But I’m sure apart from that, he was a stand-up guy. And what about that other dropkick? Kevin Higgins. He was the other guy in your crew, wasn’t he? A con man right from the start, always cheating on tests and selling papers, trying to make money off others while getting everyone into trouble. He works for that dodgy insurance company now, ripping people off. It wasn’t like I was lying, Hunt. Just because you found me loud didn’t mean what I said was wrong.” 
Gabby leaned back in the chair and crossing her legs towards him, with one shoe on and the other dangling off the end of her shiny red-painted toes.
“What about me?” His deep voice rolled through her.
“What about you?
“I wasn’t into any of that stuff. I turned out alright.”
“You were a bully, a fucking Neanderthal. You still are,” She replied in an equally calm manner. It was as though they were discussing the weather. 
Christian turned towards her, resting one arm on the back of her chair. 
“I knew what I wanted and how to get it. I didn’t push people around but I didn’t take shit from anyone either. Am I confident and cocksure? Hell yeah, but I’m not a bully,” He stated calmly before leaning down and grabbing hold of her bobbing bare feet.
He’d never really touched her before and the jolt that went through them came as a bit of a surprise. Gabby didn’t make a move to stop him, and for a long moment, they simply looked at each other. Still gently holding her bare calf, he slid his hand down towards her ankle and placed the dangling shoe firmly back on her foot before letting go.
“You bullied me.”
The scent of whatever after shave or bodywash he used floated her way again. Between his delectable smell, the alcohol she’d had and the feel of his hand touching her for the first time, parts of her body that had no business getting involved were feeling decidedly warmer towards the arsehole.
“Because I hated you.” His breath was hot as he whispered the words into her ear. “You had a smart mouth and a bitchy attitude. You still do.” He leaned back onto his chair.
“I have brains and my own opinions. I’m not afraid to tell people what I think. I shouldn’t have to apologise or defend myself for being a strong woman and I’m not about to play demure just because someone expects me to.”
“No, you shouldn’t. But why couldn’t some of Amy’s charm have rubbed off on you over the years. I just don’t get why she loves you so much. You’re always so loud and vulgar, swearing all the time with a mouth like a sailor while she’s graceful and such a lady.”
“You’re right. She’s a lady, and I love how she has that inner strength and still manages to be the delicate creature she is. But not all women are like that.”
“You sure as hell aren’t.”
“So you’ve been a dick to me all these years because you thought I was too loud?” 
“You ruined our reputations.”
“I may have contributed to the talk, but you guys did that all by yourselves. Ruined your reputations? I really didn’t. But either way, Brian fucking deserved it.”
“Why do you even hate him so much? Wait...wait one damn minute...didn’t you...you guys hooked up. My oh my, how did I not remember that? Is that what that was all about. All this time. Holy shit.” Christian ran his hands through his hair in an agitated state as memories came back to him.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Holy fucking shit. It’s all clicking into place now. How did I not remember? You were that girl.” He shook a finger in her face, which she slapped away.
“Back off, Hunt. You don’t know what happened.” 
“Yes, I remember now. Tracy...no, Trisha. Trisha Greens party. Brian came in, talking about a girl he was with and how he banged her in Trisha’s parents’ room. That was you, wasn’t it?”
“No, I didn’t have sex with him.” She said, just managing to fold her arms over her ample chest.
“And then you went around telling tales about him.”
“I did not lie and I did not fuck him.” She stated much louder.
“You went and spread shit about him. That’s when you started slating all of us, branding us misfits. 
“I didn’t have sex with him, Hunt. He couldn’t get it up alright.” Gabby was shocked and mortified at what she’d blurted out, and the way Christians mouth was hanging open said that she had stunned him too. After a moment of awkward silence, she sighed, knowing she couldn’t take the revealing comment back. Deciding to be truthful, she told him the whole story. “He couldn’t get it up. We’d kissed and messed around a couple of times before that, but nothing else happened. He’d been chasing me down, trying to get me to go on a date for a while. I agreed to go to Trisha’s party with him and it was all going well but when we got into the room, he just couldn’t...you know... get going.” 
The look of surprise on Christian’s face suddenly gave way to a look of understanding and she knew that for some reason he believed her.
“So why didn’t you just tell everyone you didn’t have sex with him and shut it down?”
Gabby huffed. “People saw us go into that room together, so no one believed me when I tried to. He told everyone I was an easy lay.”
“Fuck. He was young and stupid. He shouldn’t have said that, but in his defence, he really was going through a hard time at home. I was there during some of those times. I know.” 
Christian thought back to when Brian covered up bruises; his dad had belted the crap out of him after coming home drunk one too many times. He had a lot on his plate back then and even caused Christian a world of trouble too. But Brian hadn’t deserved what he got. 
Brian was just coming to terms with his sexual feelings towards Ronnie Barrett from their computer class, when his dad overheard him on the phone with Ronnie, making plans to hook up. Not wanting a ‘faggot for a son’, he beat the shit out of him with his fists to teach him a lesson.
Christian had been out on the front steps that night and heard every punch and every slur that went with it. That beating and having to hide his true sexuality probably had something to do with Brian not being able to get his dick to cooperate when he got Gabriella into bed. It sure as hell wasn’t because she was not desirable. But it wasn’t Christian’s story to tell.
“It’s no excuse. You think I ruined his reputation? The fucker ruined mine. That summer, I was meant to go on an exchange to Canada. I was going to spend three months there. I was going to go trekking through the Rockies with my host family, but word got back to my parents that I was sleeping around. Instead, I ended up working in a shitty greasy spoon cafe in Clapham, waiting tables for minimum wage. My parents never believed me, and they never trusted me again. I hated them for that...and I never forgave them.”
Christian swore he saw moisture in her eyes, but she looked away before he could be sure.
“Shit.” Christian shook his head, understanding the implications.
That was the year her parents died in a car accident.
They sat quietly for some time, taking the new information in.
“That day you were talking about, in the arts block. I remember it well. I’d just bumped into Brian. I asked him to stop spreading rumors about me, to take it all back. I told him I wouldn’t mention what happened to anyone, but I guess that was the wrong thing to say. He told me he never really liked me and that I was a slut because I’d been willing to give it up to him.” 
Gabriella King may have been a mouthy pain in his ass but Christian remembered even back then, she was still a curvy little beauty most of the guys had hit on, without success. And If there was one thing he remembered about Gabriella, it was that she hadn’t been a promiscuous person. It’s one of the reasons that even though he couldn’t stand her, he didn’t mind her being friends with his sister. The two of them stuck together and Amy wasn’t really interested in guys until much later.
“He said I could tell people if I wanted. The damage had been done and I would only look like I was being mean and petty, spreading rumors about him. He said, he and his boys would have a good laugh about it and make sure no one ever believed me. A few minute later, Amy grabbed hold of me, all excited, because she wanted me to meet her brother. I was ready to push it to the back of my mind for a while but then I saw Brian leaving the photography room with you and Kevin. You all looked at me and started laughing. That’s why I started mouthing off.” 
“I didn’t see you.” Christian gazed around, not really seeing anything in the room as he looked back into his past. Searching his memories. 
“I didn’t see you.” He shook his head.
“You all looked up at me and laughed!” Gabby insisted
“I. Didn’t. See. You. I heard you before I ever set eyes on you. I can’t remember what we were talking about, but it sure as shit wasn’t you. Brian probably made some stupid ass crude joke, but I wasn’t laughing at you. I can promise you that much.”
“Yeah well, now you know.” 
“Yes, I do. And now, so do you. You hated me by association really, because you thought I helped spread shit about you. Why didn’t you ever say anything to Amy about this?”
“I love Amy but she idolises you. You’re her twin, you’re a fucking rock star to her, and I didn’t want to get into that shit with her. This wasn’t about her. And let’s face it. I have other legitimate reasons to not like you. You’ve said and done enough shit in the past twelve years alone for me not to. 
“That’s because, all that Brian stuff aside, you’re just so fucking annoying.” Christian felt relief that he could be this honest with her and neither of them were shouting.
“I feel exactly the same way about you too.”
“Some people just aren’t meant to get along.”
“Exactly! That’s what I told Amy,” Gabby said with zeal and flashed him a real smile.
“Look, we’re never going to see eye to eye but we can at least make more of an effort not to fight when I’m here visiting and we’re around Amy.”
“Agreed.”
“And for what it’s worth, I’m sorry things went the way they did for you. But I’m glad I know all of that now and that you know the truth too. What he did... If I were in your shoes, I wouldn’t forgive him either. I really wasn’t a part of that, but I’m sorry for how that all ended up for you.”
“Thanks.”
There was a lot for them to take in.
Christian thought about how she never got to make up with her parents before they died. They’d argued because Brian spread rumors to make her look bad. A childish decision that had a lasting impact. She had a legitimate reason for being pissed and acting the way she had the last decade. Just not at him. Well, at least not for that anyway. 
They sat quietly, people watching and occasionally laughing at silly moves attempted on the dance floor.
“How long are you here for?” Gabby broke what was a lengthy and, for the first time in their lives, comfortable silence.
It had been almost two years since Christian had been back to London and he had only been back once the year before that.
“I fly back to LA on Tuesday morning.”
“You’re only here for the long weekend?”
He nodded. “For a long birthday weekend and then I’ve got to get back to work.”
“Ah yes. How is the tattoo business going?” She threw out flippantly.
He raised an eyebrow at her tone. 
“It’s going well enough.” 
“Your boss couldn’t even give you the full week off to spend your 30th birthday with your twin sister? He must be a real piece of work.” 
He tried to hide a little smile as he tilted his head and studied her. 
“It’s a busy time for us right now.” 
“Hmmm, okay,” She murmured unimpressed.
“Do you have any tatts?”
“No, it doesn’t interest me.”
“Fair enough.” He eyed her bare shoulders. 
“You know what I don’t understand? Why a guy like you would give up everything to go work in a tattoo shop?”
“A guy like me? What does that mean?”
“The way you dress and act doesn’t add up with everything else. You somehow managed to leave college with top marks in art and design, you have a degree in fine arts, you had connections coming out of your backside and I know for a fact you could have had your pick of the top galleries in Europe. But instead, you moved to California and got a job in a tattoo shop. I just don’t get it.”
“You wouldn’t.” Christian replied with disdain and clearly now in a huff.
Gabby knew she had offended him, but this time she hadn’t intentionally tried. B this point, being rude to him was deeply ingrained in her and something she was a natural at. She knew if it were anyone else sitting next to her, she would have already apologised. But unaccustomed to placating him, she decided not to say anything further. 
The silence became a little more uncomfortable. 
“What about you? Thought you said you were going to be the next big-name journalist, but now you’re just a party planner.”
“Ouch! I thought we were playing nice. And for your information, it’s events management.”
“Same difference.”
“It is not! And if you must know, I own the company.”
“Really? Good for you then.”
She shot him a skeptical look.
“No, really, I mean it. You must love being your own boss. It’s not easy being the one in charge and making tough decisions though. People don’t always get that.”
“They don’t. How’d you know?” 
Christian gave her another half-smile before looking out on the dance floor without answering her. 
Gabby hated those half smiles. 
It either meant he was up to something, or he knew something she didn’t and he wasn’t going to tell. Just then, she spotted a woman in a tight-fitting cherry printed dress dancing seductively and making eyes at Christian. 
She lifted her glass, knocking back the last of her Southern comfort and reached for her water. She was all out. She contemplated going back to the bar but feeling past tipsy after the shot of whiskey, she decided it wouldn’t be a good idea.
“Maria looks like she has something important she wants to tell you. Don’t waste your time sitting here with me. I’m going to call it a night anyway.”
“Do I look like I dance?”
Gabby couldn’t help but laugh as he did a little shimmy in his seat.
“No, not at all.”
“I didn’t waste my time sitting with you. It was...an unexpected education and good actually talking to you for once, instead of us screaming obscenities at each other,” He said honestly, surprising them both.
“Awww.” Gabby teased as she retrieved her room key from Amy’s bag.
“Don’t get all emotional. I still think you’re annoying, loud, opinionated and bossy. Just a little less hostile.”
“I still think you’re a fucking Neanderthal so I guess we’re all good.” She stated with genuine humour and he laughed in return. 
“I’ll walk with you,” Christian drained the last of his beer and stood up the same time she did. 
“You’re not staying? It’s your party, and Maria sure looks interested.”
“I’m not interested. This party’s more for Aims anyway, and between you and me, I’m tired. Must be the jetlag.” 
It wasn’t only the jet lag. For some strange reason he wasn’t ready to say goodnight to her.
“Maybe it’s because you’re getting old?” She teased.
“I’m not getting old. I’m distinguished.” Christian held himself in what was meant to be a gentlemanly pose to make his point. 
Gabby took one look and burst out laughing.
He couldn’t help but join in.
They both knew there was nothing distinguished or gentlemanly about Christian. 
When he’d composed himself, he beckoned her to follow. 
“Come on. Let’s get out of here.” 
They made their way out of the function room into the lobby and towards the elevators. 
Gabby pressed the button and turned.
“After all these years, this is nicest we’ve ever been to each other.” Christian flashed her a genuine smile.
“Yeah well, you better make the most of me being this nice to you. The bitch will be back in the morning.” She grinned.
“No doubt.”
Christian frowned when her smile abruptly fell. 
“What’s wrong?”
“Oh god.”
“What is it?”
“James.”
“Who?”
“Behind you. No! Don’t turn around, you dumbass. He’ll see me if you move. It’s my ex, James. He just walked in and is heading towards reception. What the fuck is he doing here?”
“Giddy up James?”
“Cheating bastard. Why does he have to look so good?” Gabby growled. “Typical. The first time I’m seeing him since we broke up and he has another woman with him. Oh my God, that’s fucking Lauren hanging off his arm.”
“You know her then?”
“She was our next-door neighbour. I thought she was a friend too! Bloody hell, he must have been with her when he was still with me. No wonder he was always popping around for sugar. Ugh, why do I have to see him when I look half drunk and ready for bed?” 
The more agitated she got, the quicker and closer together her words came. 
“You’re not exactly chopped liver.” Christian looked down at her, eyeing her appreciatively. 
“Thanks, but I didn’t exactly leave that relationship with a high self esteem. I just want him to feel like shit when he sees me again. Make him regret what he did. I’m really not ready to face that shit storm yet.” 
“Wait, did you just say Giddy up James? How the fuck do you know about that? Amy! I’m going to wring her bloody neck.” She muttered when Christian only gave her a guilty look.
“Fuck, they’re coming this way.” Gabby started to panic.
Christian took hold of her shoulders, pulling her closer before putting a hand under her chin and tilting her face up so that she was forced to look at him. 
He had heard about James from Amy. He didn’t like the sound of him just from the sleazy way he had spoken to his sister and that was while he had been with Gabby. 
Looking down at her, he decided that since they were sort of on good terms, he could help her out. It wasn’t exactly going to be a hardship on him.
“Do you trust me?”
“Fuck no.” She looked at him as though he were a simpleton. “Why the hell would you ask me that?”
“Give me a break. I’m trying to help you out here. Will you let me do that?” 
Gabby huffed and took a quick peek behind him, realising her options were limited. 
“Fine, just don’t fuck me over or I’ll tell your sister. What’s the plan?” 
The next thing Gabby knew, Christian had one hand around her waist and the other at the nape of her neck before his lips came crashing down to meet hers. 
Everything happened so quickly, yet slow enough for her to process it all. 
Fireworks went off in her head and heat pooled in her core the moment his lips touched hers. It was so wrong, yet felt so damn good. 
In that moment, it was all about opposites for Gabby. 
She felt Christian’s soft but firm lips move against hers, and even though she understood instantly that he was putting on a show to help her, kissing her to make her ex jealous, she got lost along the way. She couldn’t help how she felt when he pulled her flush against his big firm body and began teasing her mouth, pulling away but not quite losing touch before plunging back in again. 
She knew she was kissing a man she’d hated for years, but the way her body was reacting to his touch and kiss, that bitch was betraying her. She just couldn’t think straight. It felt too good to stop. 
Gabby reached up and ran her hands up the back of his neck and into his long hair, pulling him closer. Giving into his kiss, she traced his lips with her tongue, asking him to open up for her. 
Christian suddenly pulled away and stared down at her in awe. 
Breathing heavily, she managed to recall why they were kissing and rasped out, 
“Um…did…what… Is he watching?”
“Who cares? Holy shit, Gobby. You can kiss.” 
Before she could respond, his mouth was back, devouring hers. This time, his tongue demanded she opened up for him before meeting hers and duelling. 
There was nothing soft and gentle about this kiss. 
It was raw and primal, and Gabby loved it. She couldn’t help but surrender to the pleasure and she groaned before she’d realised it.
Christian grunted his approval in return, pulling her in tighter. Her body melted in his arms but he had her and wasn’t about to let go. He was lost in the kiss, the sound of her pleasure was driving him crazy. Knowing he was the one making her moan aroused him to the point his jeans became painfully tight and had him wanting to do so much more right there in the lobby.
Gabby vaguely heard a ping behind them then the brief sensation of moving before she was pushed up against a wall. A large hand was now in her hair, and the other on her ass. He squeezed and she groaned louder but he captured the sound, kissing her even deeper.
She heard someone clearing their throat.
“Excuse me. I just need to get to the buttons behind you.” It was Lauren who spoke up. 
Without breaking the kiss, Christian turned them so that his back was against the wall beside the buttons and Gabby was flushed against his body.
“What floor?”
“Fourth.”
It wasn’t until the lift started moving that Gabby pulled away. 
They were both breathing heavily and Christian still had an awed look on his face. She was sure her expression mirrored his as she wondered what the hell had just happened.
“Gabriella is that you?” 
Gabby abruptly jolted back to reality. 
James and his arm candy were in the lift with them. 
Without moving her body, she turned her head to look at James and nonchalantly addressed him. 
“Oh, hey James. How’s it going?” She’d turned back to look at Christian even before she had finished asking.
“Um, good, thanks. You’re looking great, Gab’s. Mmmm, really good” James leered, earning him a not so subtle dig from Lauren. 
Christian turned them slightly so he could see James properly and wasn’t shy about inspecting the man thoroughly. 
James was a pretty boy model type. Tall and lean, clean shaven with short brown gelled-to-perfection hair. His clothes were more smart than casual, and all designer. The man was a walking billboard from his watch to shoes. 
Christian found him lacking. 
Just then, the lift slowed and the doors began to open.
Christian knew he looked intimidating just with his size alone. Without breaking eye contact with James, he bent down and kissed up Gabby’s neck until he reached her ear.
He nibbled on her earlobe, making her moan before asking in a voice loud enough for everyone to hear, 
“Who’s that?”
“Just my ex.”
Christian barked out a laugh and, while still looking at James, stated, 
“Your loss.” 
Lauren scurried out of the lift, dragging James with her. 
Before the doors were fully closed, his mouth was back on Gabby’s.
The kiss was frantic, passionate and raw; tongues and nipping teeth were involved as their hands roamed. One of Gabby’s hands made a journey down his chest, feeling the solid abs beneath his shirt and continued further south until she brushed against a large firm bulge in his jeans.
Knowing she was losing what little control she had left, Gabby pulled back while there was still a shred of sanity to hold onto.
“Thanks for that.” She breathed hard as she slowly stepped away.
“You are very welcome, but I’m not done yet.” Christian murmured, looking at her like a predator with his prey locked in sights.
“He’s gone. You don’t have to pretend any longer.”
“Who’s pretending?” He took hold of her hand and held it against the hard evidence throbbing between them.
Gabby gasped. 
“I can’t believe you just did that.” But she didn’t pull her hand away. 
“I did it because I know it’s what you wanted to do just now. Just like I know if I pushed my hand inside those panties of yours, they would come out soaking wet.”
“Arrogant bastard.” She hissed.
“You’re not denying it.” Or moving away, he thought.
Gabby only gave a barking laugh in response. She couldn’t deny it, she was so turned on.
Maybe it was the alcohol affecting her but Christian Hunt had her all hot and bothered. What she really wanted to do in that moment was to pull the zipper of his jeans down, slip her hand inside and find out exactly how big that bulge really was.
It was a thrill knowing that she had affected him that much without trying. But this was Hunt and even though she wanted him badly in the moment, she didn’t like this man.
She moved her hand away.
Christian watched Gabby carefully, aware that she was wrestling with what had happened. He felt the same way.
He hadn’t expected to be affected by her kiss, her touch or that damn sexy smell. This woman had been a pain in his ass for so many years. But now all he could think about was biting down on her ass and, if he was lucky enough, spanking her.
He shifted from the wall and into Gabby’s personal space. He placed his hands on her hips and pulled her into him. Gazing down at her, her eyes locked with his as they studied each other.
“Look. I don’t know what the fuck that was, but it was hot and intense, and I want more. I want you.” He held her tight against his erection.
“Bloody hell.”
“I told you. When I know what I want, I’m not afraid to ask for it. We’re both adults, single and neither of us have to answer to anyone. We’ve spent over a decade hating on each other. But right here and now, I want you and I think you want me too. So why don’t we, for one night, explore this? Just give in to whatever the hell this is. I’m harder than I’ve been in a long damn time and what I really need now is to be buried deep inside you.”
“You really are a fucking Neanderthal.”
“You have no Idea.” He leaned down and kissing along her jaw and chin as he made his way back to her mouth. “Spend the night with me?”
Gabby responded instantly to his kiss as his lips found hers. Her body was throbbing with need and she wanted more but he pulled away before she could enjoy it.
The doors had opened.
“I need to hear it. Is that a yes?”
The seconds that passed felt like years as he waited for her to answer.
But then, finally, the breathy answer came.
“Yes.”


2
The Thrill Of A Hunt
Christian gave a half smile and lifted Gabby up, her legs instinctively wrapping around his waist.
“What are you doing?”
“Getting my Neanderthal on.”
“Someone might see us.”
“Right now, the only thing I give a fuck about is getting you out of that pretty little dress.”
Christian walked out of the lift and down the hall, his hands firmly on her ass. She nipped at his ear causing his step faltered. 
He hefted her up. 
“You’re sturdier than you look.” 
She gasped and slapped him on the back. 
“Seriously? Are you trying to talk yourself out of sex?”
“Sturdy is good. I’m a big man. I wouldn’t want to break you.”
“You’re so conceited.”
“I’m just being honest. I know what I plan to do to you.” He said, raising an eyebrow and giving her a cheeky grin. 
He pushed Gabby up against the wall, holding her there with his huge body as he fished his key card out of his back pocket. Holding the door open with his foot, Christian entered the room and made his way straight over to the bed, where he unceremoniously threw her. 
Unfortunately, he misinterpreted his aim and the spring of the bed.
Gabby bounced off the bed, with her legs in the air, landing on the floor between the bed and the window.
“What the fuck, you idiot. I’m going to have bruises now.” She hissed, rubbing her sore behind.
“Don’t worry, love. I’m going to leave you bruised in all the right ways.” He said heatedly. Gabby quirked an eyebrow at him in return.
“Do you know how sinister that sounds? Especially coming from you.”
“Yeah, that sounded better in my head.” He laughed, offering her a hand to pull her up.
Gabby tried hard to keep her laughter in. 
“Don’t laugh at me, you dick. At least say you’re sorry.” 
Christian leaned in and drew her into a slow mind-numbing kiss by way of an apology. It left her legs weak, and her breaths coming hard and fast.
“I’m really sorry if I hurt you.” 
“Wow. Two apologies from you in one night. Thank you. Just don’t hurt me again.”
“I won’t, not unless you ask me to.” He shot her a cocky smile.
“And why would I ask you to hurt me?”
“You might like a little pain with your pleasure.” He stated sensually.
Gabby opened her mouth before snapping it shut again. 
Not wanting to waste another minute, Christian reached around and unzipped her dress, letting it pool around her feet. He helped her step out of it, with her hand on his shoulder, before throwing it on a chair. 
As she stood before him in just her red lacy bra, matching boy short panties and red fuck me heels, all complimenting her new red hair, Christian couldn’t help but think she was the sexiest women he had seen in a long time. He couldn’t quite believe the goddess before him was the same bitchy women he’d hated all these years. He knew there was no hiding the evidence of how aroused he was feeling but when his eyes roamed over her body and lingered on her heaving breasts, there was no mistaking that she was feeling it too.
Neither spoke, their breathing growing heavier.
“You know I’m still going to hate you in the morning, right?” Gabby managed to get out.
“I’m guessing you’ll probably hate me more, but at least right now, I know you want me.”
“You’re right. I do.”
Reaching forward, Gabby unbuttoned Christian’s shirt before pushing it off his shoulders and onto the floor. Her eyes went wide as she glanced at his shirtless body for the first time, unable to suppress the gasp that escaped her as she took a step back.
His wide, muscular chest and well-defined arms were amazing, but that wasn’t what had surprised her. She twirled her finger and he did a slow turn, giving her the full picture.
With Christian working in a tattoo shop, she had expected him to have one or two, but she hadn’t been prepared for anything like this. He had a tattoo running from under his right pec, up his side, down his right arm in a sleeve that stopped at his elbow, across his shoulder blades, over his left shoulder and completely covering his left peck. It looked as though he was wearing body armour of thick black lines, intricately woven with thinner ones, resembling vines or roots of a tree.
Gabby took another step back and realised that’s exactly what she was looking at. The actual roots starting on his right, with the branches with falling leaves on his left peck.
It wasn’t just a tattoo.
It was a real work of art.
“It’s stunning.” 
Christian breathed a sigh of relief at her words. For some reason, her approval made him feel good. 
“You really like it?”
“I do. It’s beautiful...stunning. May I?”
He simply nodded.
She stepped closer, placing a hand on his chest. Her fingers ran lightly over his tattoo, tracing the lines from right to left, making him shiver and hard at the same time. He let her explore for some time before pulling her into his arms, crushing his mouth to hers once more. 
Gabby wasn’t sure who was louder when they both groaned, their tongues entwined. Much gentler than she had expected, he reached down and lifted her by her thighs. She wrapped her legs around him as he moved them to the bed and lowered their bodies. 
Christian was in no hurry as he slowly rocked his body into hers, feeding her arousal as they kissed. The weight of his firm body pressing against her soft one and the hardness of his arousal pushing the roughness of his zipper into her soft lacy panties lit her blood on fire. 
Gabby needed him badly. Her body ached for his touch. The slow and torturous pace he was using against her was just too much. She needed him to fuck her.
Reaching down between them, she fumbled with the button and zip as she tried to remove his jeans.
“I need you out of those. Now,” She demanded.
Christian raised up and hovered over her, studying her face before his eyes captured hers. They had never looked at each other so intimately before or with such intensity. 
“As you wish.”
Gabby maintained eye contact as Christian lowered and then stepped out of his jeans and boxers in one fluid movement. Her eyes drifted down his sculpted body and found a home between his legs. 
Christian was a big man. Being as tall and wide as he is, she’d expected him to be larger than average in the trouser department too. But even for a big man, he was big. 
It seemed being tall and wide extended to all areas of Christian Hunt.
She wasn’t sure how long she had been staring at his massive proof of arousal, but it had been entirely too long. That’s when she realized she had a stupid smile on her face. 
When her eyes finally made their way back up to his piercing hazel eyes, it was the sexy grin he sent right back that had her shifting eagerly. 
Every move he made towards her was a slow and precise dance. 
Christian knew Gabby wanted to get down to it quickly, which was exactly why he was holding back and taking his time. Removing her heels, he wrapped large hands around her ankles, slowly running them along her soft skin, up her firm calves and thighs until he reached her lacey boy shorts. She raised her hips as he hooked his fingers into the red material and eased them down her shapely legs before tossing the garment behind him.
“Turn over,” He commanded huskily. “You’re fucking beautiful”
Even in Gabby’s lust drunk state, it registered that Christian’s voice had never sounded that gravelly before. As calm and in control as he seemed, she wasn’t the only one on the edge of losing it. After rolling over onto her front, she looked back over her shoulder and playfully wiggled her ass in his face.
However, Christian wasn’t going to let her teasing push him to go any faster. If they only had this one night, he was taking his time.
His hands gripped her hips, stilling her before they continued their slow path up her back until he found the hooks of her bra and undid them with ease. She shimmed out of it but he didn’t let her turn back over.
Pressing her front firmly into the mattress, he raised her hips, guiding her into a kneeling position.
“Yes.” She sighed, anticipating him pounding into her.
She gasped seconds later as he spread her legs wide and pushed his face between them. For a maddening amount of time, he simply ran his tongue along her sensitive folds before abruptly dipping between them and eating like a starved man who’d finally been served his favourite meal.
Gabby whimpered as Christian pushed her closer and closer to what his tongue was promising to be the best explosion ever.
Christian groaned as he licked faster.
She was almost there.
He moaned as he pushed deeper insider her.
She needed him to go just a little further, give just a little more.
“I fucking love the way you taste”
His muffled words of praise vibrated against her sensitive bundle of nerves.
“I could spend the rest of my days getting drunk off you.”
She was almost there and then...nothing.
Christian’s magical tongue was no longer where she needed it to be.
Panting as though she’d just ran a marathon, wondering where the hell he was, Gabby turned just as his weight dipped back onto the bed. It was obvious where he’d gone with his sizeable manhood now sheathed.
Christian stared at her with a heated, determined intensity.
In that moment, Gabby realized how much of a danger he was. In her past sexual encounters, she had never forgotten to ask a guy to wear protection. But with him, she had simply been lost in lust. It was scary, almost as scary as the emotion on his face as he looked down at her.
But before she could say a word, he’d flipped her onto her back and was lining up his massive erection. Rubbing it along her folds, teasing her, she could only moan in reply. She cried out in frustration after a long damn time of teasing, but it was just then that he pushed forward, entering her for the first time.
Bliss, pain and annoyance washed over her.
Bliss, because it felt so unbelievably fucking good. Pain, because he really was huge, and her poor vagina had never experienced anything stretching it like that before. And annoyance, because when she looked down to where their bodies were joined, she realised he wasn’t even half way in yet.
He was still teasing her, still holding onto control and it pissed her off because he had completely decimated hers.
“Stop fucking teasing me and fuck me already,” She shouted.
She moved her hips, trying to get him to do as she asked. But he simply leaned over her, pinning her wrists either side of her head. She knew he’d let go if she really wanted him to, but she wasn’t sure if she did.
Only then, as he looked into her eyes, did he inch slowly and deeper into her body until he was fully and completely inside her.
“That’s it, take all of me.” 
Her eyes scrunched closed, and her mouth opened on a soundless cry of pleasure.
“Open your eyes, Red. Look at me,” He commanded and if she thought his voice was gravely before, it wasn’t a patch on how it sounded in that moment.
She opened her eyes and saw dark and dangerous lust, pleasure, and some pain on his face from holding on for so long.
Leaning in, he kissed her softly and deeply before pulling away to look at her again. 
The moment was intense and intimate, too intimate for her. But as he eased out and then back into her, every thought in her head was obliterated.
“Fuck.” He cursed at the exquisite feeling. “So fucking good.”
Deeper and deeper he pushed, taking her higher as he took her harder and harder. 
All while they were face to face, watching every bit of pleasure, twitch, shudder, and emotion the other experienced.
In a moment of clarity, not one to be outdone, Gabby decided to claw some control back by putting those Kegel exercises her Pilates teacher had told her to practice, to good use.
Clenching and releasing her inner muscles several times, she massaged Christian’s shaft, watching as his face crumpled, and he closed his eyes, groaning in pleasure. She knew she’d broken through his rigid hold when he opened his eyes and stared at her with a wild hungry look.
Lacing his fingers with hers, Christian began to thrust hard and deep as he spoke.
“I’m gonna fuck you until I feel your pussy clench around me.” It didn’t seem possible for him to go any deeper, but with every thrust, he found an extra bit of space to go further. 
“I love that noise you make when my cock hits that spot right, here!” Proving his point, Gabby let out that exact strangled sound of pleasure.
He lost himself in her.
“Oh fuck, Gabby!” 
As far gone as she was, it registered. It was the first time Christian had ever actually used her name, and with that one word, she lost it too. She cried out, screaming as waves of pleasure coursed through her body.
Christian went wild then, pounding hard until they both cried out in release. The sound he made was almost a roar as he followed her over the edge. Gabby sobbed incoherently, unable to process the pleasure her body had just endured.
For a moment, Christian’s body rest against hers before he withdrew from her warmth and rolled onto his back.
“Oh god,” Gabby whispered between breaths.
“Oh my god,” She exclaimed. “That was...that was…”
“That was fucking insane,” He agreed, panting just as much as she was. 
“We’re doing that again,” He declared before laughter filled the room. 
But a few minutes later, neither moved as they were both sound asleep.
*
Hot, sweaty, thirsty, with an aching body.
Gabby woke with a start.
Her eyes shot open and she scanned the dim unfamiliar room.
Something heavy pressed down on her as she tried to turn over but couldn’t. She turned her head to see what it was. Christian’s arm was slung across her middle.
“Oh shit,” She mouthed silently.
As she gazed up at the ceiling, memories from the previous night came flooding back.
She had slept with Christian Hunt!
Not once but twice.
She wasn’t sure what to call what they’d done in the first round. He’d been too potent, the act too meaningful and her response too extreme for what they’d done to be labeled as just sex, and it scared the crap out of her. In no way, shape or form did she want to venture anywhere near that feeling again, especially with this man. 
They had passed out afterwards and when they awoke some time later, they raided the mini bar. Then, true to his word, they went at it again. But thankfully this time, as requested, Christian had only fucked her into oblivion instead. 
Calling on her inner ninja stealth, she slid out from under Christian’s weighty arm. She tiptoed around the room, locating all her clothes before slipping silently out of his room, all without waking him. 
Luckily, it was early enough on a Sunday morning and she didn’t encounter any other guests on her walk of shame. Her room was on the other side of the building but on the same floor, so she didn’t have to go far. And for that, she was grateful.
Back in the safety of her room, Gabby took a quick shower before climbing into bed. A headache was imminent, but she hoped to fall asleep quickly, bypassing it completely. Even though she was exhausted, sleep eluded her for the longest time. Insidious thoughts of Christian swam around like eels inside her mind.
His hands, his strong body, that talented tongue, his massive…
“No!” She cried out to her empty room, the sound hurting her head.
Rubbing her temples, Gabby let out a low groan as she berated herself for letting her thoughts wander back to him.
It was one night.
Fun, hot and sweaty while it lasted.
But they would go back to disliking each other again as agreed.
*
Gabriella woke some time later to incessant ringing. She knew it was the room’s phone as the ringing had started on her mobile phone some time earlier and she’d switched that off and tossed it across the room. 
Reaching over, she grabbed blindly for the receiver and held it away from her ear as the caller shouted at her.
“Why aren’t you answering your phone?”
“You’ve reached Gabby’s answering machine. She’s dying of a hangover right now and going back to sleep. But if you’d like to leave a message after the beep, she’ll get back to you. Beep.” 
“Get your lazy ass up and down here right now,” Amy ordered.
“Stop shouting, and no.”
“It’s my birthday. Don’t abandon me.”
“I’m not abandoning you, and your birthday was yesterday. I’m going back to sleep.”
“My birthday brunch is today, remember? Everyone has a hangover, but we all made it down here except you, my lightweight best friend whose idea was the brunch. So brush your teeth, get dressed and get down here now. Or else I’m doing all your laundry when we get home and shrinking all your shit.”
Amy was notorious for her terrible laundry skills, normally turning a full load one colour or shrinking it.
“Ugh, I hate you,” Gabby grumbled.
“Love you too,” Amy chirped cheerly before hanging up.
Gabby rolled out of bed and stumbled to the bathroom.
Looking in the mirror, she groaned at her reflection. She wasn’t sure how she was going to look her best friend in the face after the things she’d done with Christian.
She couldn’t even blame the alcohol for her lapse in judgment. Her urges ran wild. After one damn kiss, her body had responded to him in an extreme way, taking full control. Her rational mind was just along for the ride.
Looking around at the floordrobe she created since checking in, she dressed in the same jeans and jumper she’d worn the day before. She didn’t waste time trying to put on makeup, finger combing her hair. She was grateful for the low maintenance cut she now wore. 
Grabbing her bag on the way out, she fumbled around inside until she found her large black sunglasses, wearing them as a shield against the world.
*
Gabby entered the breakfast room and inwardly groaned. 
As bad luck would have it, Amy had been telling the truth and everyone had already come down for food, leaving one seat open for her. The one next to Amy, which unfortunately put her directly opposite Christian. 
Christian watched as Gabby entered the room, becoming more annoyed with each step she took. She wore no make-up and, compared to the other women in the room, it was obvious she made little to no effort getting ready. Yet she was somehow the sexiest woman there. 
Glancing across as she sat down opposite him, he wasn’t sure how to proceed. 
When he’d woken up alone, the bed still holding the scent of her and their mingled night of madness, he had been equal parts relieved and pissed at her for skipping out on him. No woman had ever left him like that, not after sleeping with him. 
She had left him when he wasn’t yet finished with her delicious body. 
He needed more of her and that didn’t sit right with him. 
He never needed more.
“Here she is,” Amy announced and kissed her on the cheek before turning to the server, doing a weird hand signal and stage whispering, “We’re ready to order now.” 
Even behind dark sunglasses, Gabby was hesitant to look across at Christian. 
That was until he spoke.
“You look like shit.”
She stared for a moment before she found her voice.
“Really, Hunt? Really? You couldn’t even wait until I had a cup of coffee before you let the insults fly?”
“Come on, guys. I thought you called a truce?” Amy sighed.
“We did, and I meant that as compliment.”
Gabby was exasperated at the man’s gall. 
“How is telling someone they look like shit a compliment? If that’s how you talk to women, it’s no wonder you’re still single.”
“Now who’s being rude? I’m single because I choose to be. I don’t have time for commitment. Anyway, I meant you look like you had a hard one last night.” Christian smirked. “Like you were up all hours. You must know how to have a good time after all.” 
Gabby knew she must have been blushing as she felt her face heat up. 
Christian’s jeans grew tighter at the memory of all the ways he’d made her blush the night before and he had to discreetly adjust himself below the breakfast table.
“Then why not just ask if I had late night? Why lead with an insult?”
Christian thought about it for a moment.
There had always been sparks between them, but they had been more like sparks of fiery hatred. That was until the kiss in the lobby, their chemistry had almost set the place alight.
So why had he been rude?
It registered that he hadn’t meant to be a dick to her.
“Force of habit, I guess,” He answered truthfully.
“Mmmm,” Gabby hummed.
Just then, the server reached them and while everyone ordered food, Gabby only ordered coffee. Christian watched as she dipped into her ridiculously giant handbag and fished out some pain killers and threw them back with a huge glass of water.
He wasn’t feeling too hot either, but it was their own damn fault for draining the mini bar dry during their sex interval.
He really couldn’t get over it.
He’d had a one-night stand with gobby Gabriella King, and what’s more is that she’d fucking rocked his world.
He had no problem with one-night stands, two, three nights at a push.. But any more than that, and the women became needy, expecting things from him he had no intention of giving. But he was always upfront with the women he slept with about never wanting more.
One night was normally enough, but somehow, one night with Gabby had ruined him. 
When she came apart in his arms, Gabby had him feeling all kinds of shit he hadn’t expected and now he didn’t know what to do with, and it pissed him off. Waking and remembering all they had done, had him wanting to go for round three but she was gone. 
His arousal had been painful and he considered taking things into his own hands but it wouldn’t have been enough. He needed another taste. They had only agreed to the one night, but his dick obviously had other ideas. 
“What are your plans for today, sis?”
“I was going to spend some quality time on the sofa at home, but that was before you came. I’ll take what I can get now. I know you only have today and tomorrow here, so whatever you want to do is fine with me.”
“Well, I have to go and see Asher and the guys. And I suppose I better stop by and see the olds. They’d have my balls if they knew I was back in the country and didn’t stop by, and I’m already on Dad’s shit list. Do you want to come with me?”
“No, thanks. I’d rather not be around when you and Dad go at it again. Anything else you have planned?”
“Nope, after that, I’m all yours.”
“Yay!” Amy cheered, clapping her hands together.
“What about Gobby? What do you have planned for the rest of today?”
Gabby sighed. 
“Sleep.”
“Want to join us instead?” Amy asked hopefully.
“No.”
“Come on. Hang out with us just for a little while?”
Gabby lifted her glasses to rest on her head so she could look her friend in the eyes. 
“No.” 
“Don’t worry, Aims. We’ll have more fun without her.”
Gabby made the mistake of peeking over at Christian. His eyes captured hers, and her heart began to race and her sex pulsed at the heated look he sent back.
“I think she’s had more than her fill of me for one trip, I’m not sure she could take any more.” Tilting his head at her, the last part was said as more of a question.
There was no way to ignore his double entendre.
Instead, Gabby decided to get away from it. Dropping her sunglasses back down over her eyes, she threw back the last of her coffee, grabbed her bag and got up to leave.
“Actually, Amy, I think I’m going to go back up and get some sleep before we have to check out.” Gabby leaned down and gave Amy a quick hug.
“Oh, okay. If you really feel that bad, then go rest up. I’ll check in with you and say bye before I leave.”
Even though they lived together, they had arrived separately as Gabby had come straight from work.
She wasn’t sure if she would see Christian again before he left and normally, she wouldn’t have cared. But the annoying and arrogant man she had always hated had, in one night, given her the best sex of her whole damn life. Against her better judgement, she chanced one last quick look from behind her shades.
Christian was already staring at her, but instead of the cold hard glare and daggers she was used to, she was met with heat and desire. For a moment, she was thrown by the memories of how his eyes had held hers captive as he’d slowly pushed deeper into her. 
Shaking her head, she tried to chase away those unwanted thoughts. But Christian had a smirk as though he knew what she was thinking. She turned quickly and hightailed it out of there.
*
Back in her room, Gabby dropped her bag on the floor and flopped face down onto the bed, having stopped off at reception to request a late check out so she could catch up on some sleep before driving home.
She had only been asleep for twenty minutes when the knocking started on her door. She figured it was Amy checking in with her before checking out. But she was wrong.
“What do you want?”
“Come on, Red. Let me in and I’ll tell you.”
It was the second time he had called her that.
“What are you? The big bad wolf? Look, we’ve had our fun. So why should I let you in?”
“Because I don’t think you want Amy walking by and catching any part of this conversation.”
“Ugh.” Gabby stepped back and opened the door wider, letting Christian in. “Now, what do you want?”
She followed him into the room and admiring the way his jeans fit from behind. He turned and caught her looking but he didn’t smirk or say anything about it. Instead, he looked serious.
“You left without saying anything this morning.”
For once, his deep rich voice didn’t raise her hackles. This time, it was her body temperature that was going up and for the first time she felt the goosebumps.
“What was there to say? We had our one night, I woke up, and it was time for me to go. It’s not like we were going to have a morning chat over coffee. We’re not friends. So why would I hang around?”
“You sound pissed off.”
“I warned you I’d go back to hating you in the morning.”
He cocked his head studying her. 
“Hmmm, no. I think this has to do with what I said at breakfast.”
“Oh, you mean when you told me I look like shit?” She questioned with an edge. 
This earned her a fleeting side smile.
“What was I supposed to do? Greet you with a kiss? Stick my tongue down your throat in front of everyone? That’s not our M.O. As far as everyone knows, we’ve never said a nice word to each other. It would have looked a bit odd if I suddenly said something nice to you, even if I wanted to.”
“Fine. So, what do you want, Hunt?”
He wanted her to scream his name, his first name.
It hadn’t escaped his memory that he had called her Gabby the night before. Somehow, this woman, who had been his enemy for so many years, had made him lose control.
He needed to return the favor.
“I wasn’t finished with you?”
He had that look again. All intense and thoughtful.
“Finished with me?”
“I woke up ready for round three.”
Slowly, Christian moved towards her. Like a panther stalking its prey. 
She watched as the huge man moved with grace. She knew first-hand what those muscles felt like underneath his black T-shirt and what spectacular part of him hid beneath his jeans. 
“What a shame.” Her words didn’t come out as harsh or sarcastic as she had intended.
“It really was. I had all these plans…” Even to his own ears, he sounded as though he was breathing heavier.
“Your plans are not my con–”
“Plans that involved all the things I was going to do to you.”
She moved back until her back hit the wall.
“Well, that’s–”
“Starting between those gorgeous legs of yours,” He cut in again.
Their breathing grew heavier.
Gabby scrambled for words. 
“I…I...I–”
“Exploring your pussy with my mouth,” He licked his lips and her eyes followed the movement.
“Awwuuugh,” She replied unintelligibly.
He was right up against her now, towering over her, but not touching. 
“And then with my fingers–”
“You er–”
Gabby could feel the heat from his body, and it was scrambling her brain. She felt as though he could brand her skin with just one touch. 
“Then with my cock...”
This time, Gabby only let out a breathy sound as her body vibrated and pulsed with need.
He continued on, “...And then I was going to start all over again...only slower.”
Gabby accidentally let a moan slip out.
“But you left before I woke up. This thing, this chemistry we have, it’s wild and insane, and it’s burning me the fuck up.”
“I know.”
“So I’m here to find out if you want me to do any of that, because as you can see…” He looked down, her eyes following the path between them as they stared at the huge bulge attempting to burst out of his jeans. “Even though you wreck my head–”
“Right back at you.”
“You make me harder than ever.”
Gabby looked up at Christian. He looked like a man holding on by a thread, coiled and ready to launch himself at her at any moment but holding on until she gave him the go ahead.
“Fuck it.” She looked him in the eyes. “Let’s do this.”
She barely got the words out before his mouth was on hers. His arms found her waist, pulling her into his body as she wrapped her arms around his neck and her fingers wove their way into his hair.
He kissed her with an urgency that mirrored her own, neither able to get close enough to the other. The sound of their wet kisses and combined groans spurred them on as they tried to undress one another.
Despite Christian saying he was going to go slow, at this point, his only concern was to get them naked as fast as possible.
Falling back onto the bed, both finally naked, things started to slow down a little. Long, languid kisses were exchanged as hands explored each other’s bodies. 
Gabby worked her hand up and down his rigid length, breaking away from a kiss with a moan when one of Christian’s hands delved between her legs. She was almost there at that blissful edge, ready to fall over head first into pleasure.
Christian raised his body to watch as he brought her over the edge. She cried out in release, and he marvelled at how beautiful, sensitive and alluring this woman really was.
When she wasn’t giving him shit, Gabriella King was divine.
Breathing hard as she came back down to earth, she opened her eyes and smiled at him. And with that look something inside him shifted.
“This is the last time, okay?”
For a while, he was frozen in a moment, a weird knot in his chest. But he shook it off and nodded his agreement, before grabbing his jeans off the floor to retrieve a condom from his wallet.
Once he was sheathed and lined up, he watched as Gabby’s hands roamed over the ridges of his abs and further up and over his shoulders. She then tenderly ran her fingers over his face as though she were committing the moment to memory.
And she was.
No matter how she felt about Christian outside of the bedroom, inside, he was simply incredible. He was, without a doubt, the most amazingly intuitive man she had ever been to bed with. No one had ever made her body yodel the way he had and she never wanted to forget the way he made her body feel.
“I know I promised I’d do some exploring.” He looked between her legs and back. “But I’ll have to come back to that later. I need to be inside you and I don’t think I can wait any longer.”
“Then don’t.” She gave him another little smile, which jolted him. 
Lowering himself, he kissed her gently before completely joining their bodies for another round of bliss.
*
Once again, Gabby was woken by the ringing of the hotel room’s phone. She was hit with a sense of déjà vu as the heavy weight of Christian’s arm was slung across her middle. 
Turning over, she groggily answered the phone. 
“Hello.”
It was evident Christian was now awake as he caressed her left breast, squeezing her nipple.
“Hey, Gabs. You sound like you just woke up.” Amy stated.
Christian rolled Gabby onto her back and licked her right nipple.
“I did. I got a late check out. What do you need, Amy?” She replied impatiently, saying Amy’s name a little louder hoping to distract him. But evidently, it only spurred the bastard on, and he went at both breasts double time. 
“I’m looking for Christian. I was wondering if you’d seen him?”
Looking at Christian enjoy his feasting on her body, she wasn’t quite sure how to answer. She didn’t want to lie to her best friend, but she wasn’t about to tell her where he really was. She covered his head with the blanket as he continued his adventures on her body.
“You just woke me up, Amy. What do you think? Anyway, I’ve been in my room since I left brunch. I’m sure he’s around here somewhere, causing trouble or getting up to some shady shit.”
“Be nice, Gabby.”
“Trust me, I am being nice. Nicer than I ever expected. Look, I’m going back to bed. The next time I see him I’ll tell him you’re looking for him.”
She lifted the cover and mouthing the words ‘call her’ before covering him again.
“Thank you, and Gabby?”
“Yeah?” She practically moaned as he licked between her folds.
“I really appreciate the effort you’re making with him this time. I’ll see you at home.” 
Gabby couldn’t even say goodbye with Christian making out with her vagina. She hoped Amy had already hung up, because she couldn’t and only managed to drop the receiver on the floor.
She cried out her release moments later, panting and gripping the sheets.
“I told you I’d get back to exploring your pussy later and I’m a man of my word,” Christian stated happily, a massive grin on his face.
She took a moment to recover but once she had, she shouted, 
“Christian Hunt! I can’t believe you did that while I was on the phone with your sister!”
To her surprise, Christian roared with laughter.
“What’s so fucking funny?”
When he finally composed himself enough to explain between the little bursts of laughter, he said, 
“All these years, you’ve called me Hunt. Not once have you called me Christian. We have the best sex ever and I’m still Hunt. But I eat you out while you’re on the phone with Amy and it’s Christian. I can’t believe the first time you use my name, it’s to berate me. But you know, it’s fitting so I’ll take it.”
“Oh, fuck off.” Gabby huffed almost playfully.
“You know what. I don’t think we should talk to each other, ever. We can’t even manage a nice conversation right after sex. But I must admit, we are fucking amazing when we go at it. This should stay as a sex only thing.”
“We agreed this was last time, remember?”
“Oh, yes of course.” Christian frowned slightly, confused at what he’d just suggested. 
“And you live in California, so there couldn’t be any sexy time when you live in a different country. Your dick might be long, but it wouldn’t reach me from all the way over there,” Gabby joked.
“Mmmm,” Christian mumbled deep in thought.
“Anyway, you better get dressed. Amy’s looking for you.”
He had a strange look on his face, and she watched, waiting for Christian to say what was on his mind. But he simply got up and looked for his clothes.
Once he was ready to go, he made his way back to bed and leaned over her. Bending, he kissed her leisurely one last time before walking over to the door.
“See you, Gobby.” Christian smirked when he saw her eye twitch.
He enjoyed the fact that even though they had slept together, he hadn’t lost the ability to piss her off. First, she had walked out on him and now, he was being dismissed.
He needed the win.
“Turn off the light on your way out,” Gabby instructed, rolling over and away from him.
So much for the win, he thought as he pulled the door shut behind him.
*


3
For King and Country
Four weeks later...
Gabby reached out and blindly patted around her nightstand for her mobile phone.,
When she managed to pry her eyes open, the room was still dark. Her vision was blurry as she tried to make out the time.
It was 7:55am, far too early.
She closed one eye, focusing on the message that had woken her from an alcohol induced slumber.
The message was from Mr BB Wolfe.
Not again.
She would have laughed if it didn’t mean her head would splinter into a thousand painful pieces at the movement. Hangovers were a bitch.
Opening the text, the message was only four words long.
MR BB WOLFE: Happy New Year, Red!
She was way too hungover for another random message.
Attempting to put the phone back on the dresser, she accidently dropped it instead. The sound vaguely registering in her brain as it clattered under her bed.
Groaning, she rolled over, vowing to deal with it later, then she fell back to sleep.
Much later that afternoon, Gabby dragged herself out of bed. She showered, changed into clean pajamas, took two pain killers before settling in on the sofa, under a blanket, to watch the big budget fantasy adventure film, which Hollywood had blown all its budget on.
She knew it was mindless trash but it was exactly what her hungover mind needed. Not that she even had that much to drink, but her body just couldn’t handle it anymore.
Gabby had somehow managed to get a lift home with their sexy new next door neighbour, Mason, “The Hot Aussie”, Jones.
It was handy that they had been at the same NYE party. But unfortunately, they bumped into each other just as she was leaving, otherwise she would have spent time trying to get to know him better. Amy and Derek had gone back to his place to celebrate the rest of the night so she accepted the lift home.
Wondering if Amy’s hangover was also kicking her ass, she looked around but couldn’t spot her phone. Suddenly remembering the text, unsure if she had dreamt it or not, she hurried to retrieve her phone. 
Getting comfy on the sofa again, she looked at her phone.
It was real enough.
This was the third time he had messaged her.
The first time she had gotten a message, it was a few days after the thirtieth birthday weekend away. It had confused the hell of her as she couldn’t remember saving that name in her phone. The text had said: 
MR BB WOLFE: Just a heads up. I’ll be seeing you sooner rather than later.
GABBY: Who is this?
MR BB WOLFE: You know who this is, Red. I’m the Big Bad Wolf who likes to eat pussy.
She couldn’t understand why Christian was texting her. They had never exchanged text messages before. 
And when had he found time change his name in her contacts?
The only reason she had his number was in case of emergencies, if anything happened to Amy, but she had put him in her phone as ‘Hunt the Cunt’. Was what he said a promise or a threat? 
GABBY: Do you have to be so graphic?
MR BB WOLFE: Yes. And I hope you like my new name. I didn’t like what you had me saved under. 
It was too graphic 
GABBY: Feel free to lose my number.
GABBY: Wait. What do you mean you’ll be seeing me?
MR BB WOLFE: I’ll be back soon for work, and I’ll be staying at your place. 
“Oh, hell no,” She’d exclaimed and typed furiously.
GABBY: I DON’T THINK SO, BUDDY! No way are you staying at my place. 
MR BB WOLFE: Yes. I am.
Christian had smiled when he watched the three little dots move. He could just picture her getting worked up.
GABBY: Just because we had that one night doesn’t mean you get to come back for seconds any time you like. 
No, it didn’t mean he could.
And normally he wouldn’t want to.
But for some reason, he hadn’t been able to stop thinking about her. Gabby had him wanting to go back for much more, breaking his own rules. It only served to pissed him off. 
Of all the women to have him consider for more, why did it have to be her?
MR BB WOLFE: Actually, that would be fourths. Since we already had seconds that night, and then thirds the next day. Now, I’m sorry to dent your ego, but I’m not actually coming back because of you. I’m coming back for work.
MR BB WOLFE: Aims insisted I stay instead of going to a hotel, since it will only be for a couple of days. Staying with her means staying at the place you share. Which is why I was giving you a heads up. It’s called a courtesy!
“Shit.”
Gabby was equally pissed off and embarrassed.
Of course he wasn’t coming back for her and it was arrogant to have suggested it. Just because she couldn’t stop thinking about what happened between them, didn’t mean he had. He had probably already slept with a line of women.
Gabby didn’t like how she felt about that. She didn’t bother to reply either.
The next text arrived two weeks later on Christmas Eve.
MR BB WOLFE: Did Aims get my gift?
GABBY: Why don’t you ask her?
MR BB WOLFE: Because it’s a surprise. I just want to know if it arrived in time.
GABBY: Yes, it arrived this morning. She has it under the tree.
MR BB WOLFE: Thank you. I actually have a gift for you too.
Gabby ran a hand down her face to wipe away the smile that had taken her by surprise. This was Christian. He’d probably give her something mocking and shocking, not anything nice. She had to remember who she was dealing with.
GABBY: Why?
MR BB WOLFE: Because I want you to have it. It’s hard, and it can get pretty big if you take care of it.
She should have realised he was talking about sex. But she couldn’t sleep with him again. She had to remember that he was the enemy; the devil who touched her in ways no other man ever had and ruined her for any man to come. He was too dangerous.
GABBY: Your name must be etched onto the naughty list with that mind of yours.
MR BB WOLFE: Probably! Can you guess what it is yet?
GABBY: Hmmm...Big and hard...Your ego?
MR BB WOLFE: Not quite. But don’t worry, I think you’ll like it. Merry Christmas, Red.
GABBY: Merry Christmas, Wolfe.
MR BB WOLFE: That’s Mr Wolfe to you. 
She’d rolled her eyes at her phone but hadn’t replied. 
Present day…
It was now nearing the end of the first day of January.
She stared at her phone, wondering again if she should reply. She nearly jumped out of her skin when her phone began to ring.
Thankfully, it was just Amy.
“Hey Amy, how’s the head?”
“Bad. So, so bad. How are you?”
“I didn’t drink as much as you guys, but I’m still feeling it.”
“Sorry I’m only just checking in now. Did you get home ok?”
“Yeah, I got a lift home with Mason.”
“As in our hot Aussie neighbour Mason?”
“The one and only.”
“Yes!” Amy cheered. “I was hoping you would get some New Year nookie. It’s time you got back out there. It’s been long enough since that jackass, James. You need to get back in the saddle.” 
If only she knew.
“Sorry to disappoint you, but nothing interesting happened between us. We bumped into each other on our way out. He gave me a lift home and I fell asleep in the car. Pretty sure I left drool on all over his passenger seat too.” She said, while unknowingly wiping her mouth as if to remove any remaining drool.
“Ooh sexy! So, nothing else happened? Not even a goodnight kiss?”
“Nope, nada.”
“Well, that’s a shame.”
Just then a beep sounded.
“My battery is about to die. I just wanted to let you know that you’ll probably have the place to yourself tonight. I’m not feeling very motivated to get up and leave Derek’s bed, so I’ll probably stay here tonight.”
“Fair enough. I think I’ll have a bath, open some wine and order Chinese.”
“Go to my room. There are some face masks, bath bombs, moisturizing gloves and socks in my dressing table draw. Help yourself. If you’re going to pamper yourself, you might as well go all out.”
“See, this is why I love you. Thank you, darling.” Gabby smiled and sent kisses through the phone.
“You’re welcome, darling. I doubt I’ll see you before tomorrow. But on the off chance I do come home, I’ll have to knock. I lost my keys.”
“No problem. Just don’t come back too late. If I’m in the bath or in bed, I’m not getting up to open the door.” 
“Understood. I’ll text if I’m coming home. Ciao Ciao brown cow.”
“Later gator.”
Gabby went to the kitchen and took out the menu for her favourite takeaway place, the Jade Dragon, from the drawer. Deciding to splurge, she ordered a set meal for one along with a few extras, planning to have any leftovers for lunch the next day.
Next, she did as Amy had suggested and raided her top draw for pamper products. Amy always only bought the best stuff so Gabby didn’t bother to go through what she had, grabbing the first bath bomb and face mask to hand, knowing they would be spa quality.
She ran a bath, lit candles around the bathroom, poured herself a glass of wine before turning up the stereo, leaving the bathroom door open so she could sing along to Adele.
She didn’t know exactly how long she had been in the bath, but long enough for her fingers to turn pruney. That was when she heard her phone bong and vibrate with a message from where she’d left it in the kitchen.
Figuring it was probably Amy deciding to come home after all, she quickly opened the face mask and applied the black creamy goo. She had at least another thirty minutes before Amy would get home. Just as she was about to start peeling off the mask, knocking sounded at the door.
She knew it wasn’t her food since it was to be delivered at seven.
“Shit,” She mumbled before shouting out, “I told you I wasn’t going to get out of the bath to open the damn door for you.”
At that, the knocking came again.
“But you know full well I wasn’t going to leave you out there,” She grumbled as she hurried out of the bath, splashing water everywhere.
Haphazardly drying herself, she grabbed a bathrobe and slipped it on, on her way out. The knocking grew louder, and her slightly wet feet slipped on the tiled floor of the hallway, sending her crashing into the back of the front door.
“For fuck’s sake,” She hissed.
She righted herself before opening the door. Looking up, her face scrunched in annoyance. 
“I should have known. I was totally relaxed, zen, all fucking chilled out, but you knock on the door and it all goes to shit. What the hell are you doing here?”
Christian looked far too happy, and the smug look on his face had her hackles up straight away.
“Right now? I’m just enjoying the view.” 
“Stop smiling at me!” Gabby hissed, as she smacked his arm lightly. “I hurt my shoulder because of you.”
“I haven’t even come in yet. How is you hurting your shoulder my fault?” 
“Because I was still wet when I was hurrying. I slipped because of your incessant banging.”
“My banging made you slippery and wet?” He smirked.
“What the fuck do you want, Hunt?”
He still had that knowing grin and it was pissing her off.
“You can let me in for a start. I don’t think Amy would appreciate you leaving me on the doorstep like this.”
“Ugh.”
Gabby turned and walked into the living room, leaving him to close the door. When she turned back to face him, he breezed right past her and dropped down onto the sofa, dropping his bag at his feet.
“Amy’s not here.”
“I know.”
Gabby narrowed her eyes. 
“If you know, then why are you here?”
“I told you you’d be seeing me soon. I’m a day early, but I called Aims. She said she was staying at Derek’s so I could have her room tonight, and then move onto the sofa when she gets back.”
“Bullshit. She would have told me.”
“She told me she messaged you.”
Gabby ran for the kitchen and grabbed her phone off the counter. She couldn’t open the message from Amy fast enough.
AMY ROOMIE: Hey, Gabs. So Christian just messaged me, and guess what? He is here. Total surprise! I won’t be home tonight, so I told him he could crash in my room. You got on much better the last time he was over, so I hope you don’t mind. Try not to kill each other. Night darling, talk tomorrow.
“Tomorrow? I don’t think so,” Gabby muttered darkly, dialing Amy’s number.
It didn’t even ring.
“The mobile phone you are calling is currently unavailable.”
“Fuck,” She hissed.
“I’m guessing Aims just confirmed what I said?”
She turned around and looked up at Christian, who was standing far too close. She thought his eyes held heat, lust and...mirth?
“Why are you laughing at me?” She demanded when his lips twitched again. 
Christian motioned to his own face. 
“You have...um...stuff on your face.”
“Oh my god!” 
Gabby had totally forgotten about the black face mask she’d put on. 
“Yes, well. Excuse me,” She stated hotly before hurrying off to the bathroom. 
She looked on in angst at the reflection staring back at her.
“Well, fuck.”
Her red hair was all over the place. Parts of it stuck up as though she had been electrocuted, while other parts clung to her like a second skin. Her face was jet black, completely covered apart from her eyes, mouth and nostrils.
She looked like a psychotic nightmarish clown from a seventies European horror film.
“Amy Marie Hunt, I’m going to kill you!” She promised.
In her text. Amy had said surprise. But Gabby knew it wasn’t a surprise at all.
Amy had known Christian was coming but she hadn’t said a word in case she’d kicked off. Gabby couldn’t even call her out on it because she had heard it from Christian himself and she wasn’t about to explain how or why they were speaking.
She’d deal with her traitorous best friend later.
But for the moment, she needed to peel the mask off and go deal with Mr Smug face himself.
Leaning into the mirror, she felt around at the edges of the mask to find the best place to start peeling. When she found a loose edge, she grabbed hold and started to pull.
“Oh god. Ugh, oh my God,” Gabby cried out when a tiny section of the charcoal face mask pulled away from her skin. It felt like it was peeling her skin with it.
She stopped, staring at her reflection in shock and terrified. She had completely covered her face with the mask.
Maybe the best way forward was to peel slowly from the bottom up.
“Holy Shit…holy fucking shit. Oh my God, this hurts so bad,” She yelped.
She stopped once more, panting like she was in labour. Her eyes were watering as she took another deep breath, preparing to go on.
“Ow, ow, ow. Oh, mother of God. Owwww,” She cried as she pulled the mask up towards her cheeks.
She took another moment to compose herself and was about to start again when a knock sounded at the door before Christian walked in.
“What on earth is going on? Sounds like you’re getting off by yourself in here. I’d be happy to give you a helping hand. You only need to ask.” He teased, trying poorly to hide his obviously laughter.
Gabby was in a world of pain, and was too far gone to feel embarrassed.
“I’m trying to get this fucking mask off. I think your sister bought it in hell, from the torture department,” She hissed.
Exhaling loudly before taking a deep breath, she grabbed a section by her right cheek and began to pull. 
“Fuck, fuck, fuck. Oh shit. Nope, not gonna happen.” She stopped when the pain was too much.
Suddenly aware of a wheezing noise, she looked behind her reflection and saw Christian doubled over laughing.
“Fuck you.”
“This has got to be the funniest shit I’ve ever seen,” He managed to rasp out between chuckles.
“I am so glad you’re enjoying my pain and suffering” She huffed, turning back to the job at hand.
“One, two, three. Ow...ow...ow. Fuuuuuuck!”
Looking over her shoulder where Christian stood with tears in his eyes, she bemoaned with genuine sadness, “This is not funny. It hurts!”
“I’m sorry. I don’t mean to laugh but this is kinda hilarious.”
Realizing she was really hurting, he sobered up and turned her around. “I’m sorry. Look. If it’s really that bad, just do it in one go. It will hurt like hell, but it will be over and done with in a flash.”
“I don’t think I can. It’s not that easy. It’s ripping out all the baby hairs in my face.” She ran a finger over the smooth skin where the peel had already come off.
Christian watched her for a moment before slowly and suspiciously leaning towards her.
“Get the fuck away from me, Christian. I know what you’re doing,” She warned, guessing he was going to try and rip it off himself.
Christian smiled. This was the second time she had used his name, and again, it was to tell him off.
“Let me help.” He coaxed gently, trying not to spook her.
“No,” Gabby shook her head fervently.
“Yes. We’ll do it on three.” He moved in to her body space. “Trust me.”
Gabby sighed as he slowly and seductively ran his hands up her arms and over her shoulders. Then, his thumbs ran up the smooth column of her neck and over her cheeks until he took hold of the dried mask just below her eyes. 
“One. Two,” He counted before pausing.
Surprising them both, he was now the one breathing heavily. Christian looked down at her, and for a moment, they were caught in each other’s wanton gazes. Coming back to himself, he leaned in as though he was going to kiss her. 
Taking advantage of her moment of distraction as Gabby closed her eyes, awaiting the feel of his lips, he ripped the rest of the mask off her face in one go.
“Aaargh! Mother fucker…fuck. Oh my goodness, I’m gonna to kill you.”
“Not before I kiss you,” Christian whispered just before his lips came crashing down to meet hers.
The kiss was hungry, passionate, desperate and possessive.
Neither of them could get enough.
Christian pulled her into him and they groaned as their bodies came together. His hands ran over her ass as he ground against her, lifting her to sit on the sideboard. He loved the feel of her skin and knew he would never get tired of touching her.
Gabby wrapped her legs around him as her hands found their way into his hair, pulling him into a deeper kiss. Christian pulled at the belt and pushed the bathrobe off her shoulders, revealing her in all her naked glory. Her hands weren’t idle either as she made quick work of the buttons on his jeans before pushing them and his boxers down with the aid of her feet.
The kiss slowed down, turning into something more sensual. His body felt firm as his muscles danced under her gentle touch. His strength was apparent and considering this was someone she had hated and antagonized for many years, she felt surprisingly safe in his arms. Christian gently kissed her eye lids, cheeks, the column of her neck and her shoulders. Every part of soft skin he could find, he stroked, kissed and nuzzled before eventually finding her lips again. 
Gabby smiled when she felt Christian’s hard erection throbbing against her stomach.
Christian reluctantly broke the kiss long enough to get one word out.
“Condom.”
Gabby reached down to her right and pull open a drawer. Taking out a full pack, she broke the plastic seal and handed him one.
He smiled. “Well, that’s tonight activities sorted.
“Confident much?” She teased. Christian moved a wayward strand of hair that had fallen in front or her eyes, as he searched her face for answers.
“Actually, I’m not. Not when it comes to you. But I know one more time with you won’t be enough, not by a long shot,” He murmured truthfully before leaning in and capturing her lips.
Lining himself up with her entrance, he gazed into Gabby’s eyes as he pushed inside her, watching with satisfaction as her eyes heated with lust.
“Christian!” Gabby cried out repeatedly when he found the perfect angle. He loved hearing her say his name and knew it was something he would never tire of.
He was as intense as ever, watching her every reaction as he withdrew almost completely before thrusting back in hard.
Never one to be outdone, Gabby tilted her hips up to meet his next thrust, causing him to sink even deeper into her warmth. 
He made a loud guttural sound. Their eyes caught and when she looked at him shyly, he felt it. Deep inside he felt something stir, something just for her, something he couldn’t put a name to. But looking at her face so full of passion suddenly felt like too much. 
“Turn around and bend over, Red,” Christian ordered roughly, barely hanging on to his control by a thread.
Gabby couldn’t help but smile as she did as he asked.
He pushed back in from behind, and they went hard and fast as they watched the bathroom mirror. Unable to hold their positions, they somehow made it to the ground where he slowed things down. It was delightful. He pushed her to her limits of pleasure as he explored every inch of her body with his mouth and hands. 
He made her feel like a Goddess. 
And in return, she made him feel like a King. 
*
They lay in bed, tired after the second round they had once they got out of the bathroom.
Christian stared up at the ceiling, lost in thought as Gabby lay on her stomach beside him. Rolling onto his side, he lightly ran his hand down her body, drawing shapes with his fingertips.
They stared at each other for a long time, neither saying a word.
No smiles were exchanged, no scowls, no flirtatious or dirty looks passed between them either.
They simply looked at each other.
Christian couldn’t understand what had happened between them.
They had gone from being bitter enemies to fuck-enemies. This was the woman who, for most of his adult life, he had taken pleasure in pissing off and he excelled at it.
So why couldn’t he stop touching her? Why had he thought about her constantly since she had thrown him out of her hotel room?
Why couldn’t he get enough of her?
Even though he was recovering from two exhausting rounds of sex, it still wasn’t enough.
All these years, had he been wrong about Gabriella King?
He thought she was a bitch, but maybe, she was in fact a witch and had casted a spell on him.
Just as he was about to voice some of the nonsense swimming around in his brain, he was saved by the knocking at the front door.
“What time is it?”
“Seven, maybe, or just after.”
“That’ll be my Chinese then.”
Gabby got up and wrapped a dressing gown around her.
Turning back to Christian, she quirked a brow. “You coming? You wore me out in the best possible way. The least I can do is feed you.” She walked out the door before he could reply.
*
They sat on the living room floor with full bellies, surrounded by empty containers. 
Very few words were said apart from “Are you eating that?” and “Can you pass the chicken?”.
Gabby wasn’t sure what to say to Christian. She wasn’t sure she trusted herself around him either.
Back in the hotel, she had said one last time, and she’d meant it. But when Christian touched her, it was like her rational brain melted away, leaving behind only pure lust. His touch was addictive and she didn’t know what to do with this new information.
Christian reached over and picked up the bottle of wine, refilling their glasses. It was more so for Dutch courage than enjoyment.
Gabby moved the empty containers away before sitting opposite him, cross legged.
“Why are you here?”
“I told you, I’m here for work.”
“Are you on some sort of tattoo artist exchange?” She joked.
“Something like that.” He smiled back.
“Seriously, Christian. Why are you back so soon?”
Christian’s smile grew wider upon hearing her use his name, not in anger or during sex. She was getting used to him and, for some reason, he liked that.
“I’m working on something. Something that might bring me back here, if I decide that’s what I want. But I’m not sure if I’m ready for that.”
“Does Amy know about it?” 
Christian sighed as though he had the weight of the world on his shoulders. Getting up, he moved to sit beside Gabby.
“No, I don’t want to jinx it, and I don’t want to get her hopes up in case I change my mind or it falls through.”
“How long are you here for this time?”
Her breath hitched when he ran his fingers along her thigh where the robe had fallen open.
“Ah, now we’ve come to the crux of things. How long will I be around to tempt you?”
“Actually, yes. That’s exactly it.”
He laughed at her honest answer. 
“I’m here for two nights. But I’d like to hang out with Aims tomorrow. If I’m lucky, I get to share a bed with you tonight, but I’ll be sleeping on the sofa tomorrow night. So, for one night only, I’m all yours.” He moved his hand higher.
“We agreed what happened between us back at the hotel was going to be the last time.”
“We obviously lied to ourselves.” His hand continued to move higher.
“What are we doing?”
“I have no idea, but it feels good. Doesn’t it?” He teased as his hand moved frustratingly close to where Gabby desperately needed it before retreating.
“Surprisingly, it does. But do you know what doesn’t feel good? Keeping this from Amy. She’s my best friend, who I live with. She’s like a sister to me. We don’t keep things from each other, especially about guys. But I can’t tell her about this. We’ve already slept together a bunch of times, and I feel bad keeping that from her.”
“I have no problem keeping this from her. I’m not in the habit of discussing my sex life with my twin sister. I hear what you’re saying, but trust me, she wouldn’t want you to tell her about all the things we’ve gotten up to. Look, we’ve hooked up a few times, and we’re not really friends so it’s not like this is going to go any further. Can’t we just keep this to ourselves and then move on?”
She gasped as he moved to her sweet spot.
“Move on?” She asked breathlessly. “How am I to move on when you have your hand between my legs?”
“I didn’t say we had to move on straight away, now did I?”
“So I guess we’re doing this again?” Gabby moved her hips to encourage him.
“Yes, if that’s alright with you.”
“Oh yes, that’s fine by me. One last time.”
“No, not one last time. One last night. I’m going to fuck out of my head. I’m going to fuck you until I tire of watching you come apart in my arms.” He growled, as she gasped when his fingers went to work. “Until I’m tired of hearing you scream my name. I’m going to wring every ounce of pleasure out of your beautiful body. I’m going to fuck you out of my system, Gabby King.”
Gabby found a strange satisfaction in knowing that if he had to get her out of his system and work so hard to do it, it meant she had found a way in and was lodged tightly in there.
“Sounds good to me.” She managed get out, just before she screamed her pleasure for the first of what would be many times that night.
*
Three weeks later...
“Oh shit, it’s too much. Oh god.” Gabby could barely catch her breath to get the words out.
“Sorry, let me–”
“No. Don’t move, you idiot. I didn’t say stop. Whatever it was you just did, do it again. It felt good,” Gabby demanded.
“Fuck, Gabby.”
Christian had Gabby bent over the sofa as he pounded into her hard and fast, as though he was going for the gold medal in fucking. It was quick and hard, but they soon cried out their release before collapsing on the sofa.
“Shit, you can’t keep bending me over this thing. We’re destroying the sofa.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll fix it up” Christian reassured her as he discarded the condom before collapsing onto the sofa cushions, taking Gabby with him.
She lay with her head on his chest as his arms went around her, holding her snugly.
“What are we doing?”
“You keep asking me that.”
Christian had been back for five days, and they had spent the past five nights making time and finding places to get naked with each other.
“And you always say the same thing.”
“That’s because you’re not out of my system yet.” 
“But you’re working on it?” Gabby prodded, trying not to sound dejected.
“Mmm hmm,” Christian mumbled noncommittally.
At first, he had been.
But now, he was preparing to give in to this woman.
Three weeks ago, …
After staying at their place for two nights, he’d said goodbye to her and returned to LA, confident that his little fling with Gabby was done and dusted. He’d well and truly fucked her out of his system. But his first night back in his bed, he woke up hot and sweaty after an extremely erotic dream, which was more memory than fantasy. He’d rubbed one out in the shower like a horny teenager that morning.
When his buddy, Felix, had called that night and asked if he wanted to go out for beers, he’d jumped at the chance. But that evening, instead of being the perfect wingman, he spent most of his time nursing drinks at the bar. When two women showed an interest in them, Felix almost had to drag him over to the table where they sat. It wasn’t long before it was obvious that Christian wasn’t interested, and the two ladies made their excuses and left.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?”
“Sorry man.”
“You’re meant to be helping here. I’d have had more of a chance tonight if I’d brought my mother.”
Christian winced. 
“Sorry, I just got stuff on my mind.”
“When you say stuff, you mean a woman?”
“What makes you say that?”
“Because I’ve known you a long time. And because you haven’t looked at one woman with interest since we got here, and you always look at a woman with interest. Even when it’s not appropriate. So, who is she?”
“It’s complicated.”
“I didn’t ask what your status was, I asked who she is.”
Christian sighed, relenting. 
“Gabriella King.”
“Gabriella King? Gabriella...King. Why does that name sound so familiar?”
“She’s Amy’s best friend.”
It took ten seconds before Felix’s eyes bugged out.
“Gobby!” He shouted.
“Shhh. Keep your voice down, will you?”
Felix had met Gabby once when he had flown back to England with Christian a few years back. He’d found their war of words downright entertaining and sometimes scary.
“Sorry, but you hate her...don’t you?”
“It’s been downgraded to a mild annoyance.” Christian ran a hand down his face as he realized the truth of his words.
“Woah. So what happened to make this minor miracle happen?”
“I slept with her.”
Felix spat out a mouthful of the drink he’d just taken and quickly apologized to the bar man.
Christian then proceeded to tell Felix the whole story.
“Okay, so let me get this straight. You guys have mad chemistry, but still argue and fight?”
“Pretty much. She confuses me.”
Felix thought about it for a while. 
“If you had the chance to sleep with her again, would you?”
“Yes.”
There was no hesitation.
“Why don’t you get to know her? Find some common ground you can work with. You’ve spent so many years hating everything about this woman. Since you now only mildly annoy each other, maybe it’s a good time to find at least one thing you do like about her.”
“I have.”
Felix rolled his eyes. “Other than sex. Since you’ll be moving back there for good, why not give her a chance to know you? The real you.”
“I might be moving back. Nothing’s definite. I just don’t know what I want from this woman. She’s my sister’s best friend and she’s known the evil version of me for all the years we’ve known each other. I don’t know if I want her to know the real me.”
“I think you do, and I think you’ll want to move back once word gets out about your work. I know you miss Amy too. You’re lonely. This bachelor lifestyle doesn’t suit you anymore. You haven’t been truly happy here for some time. Maybe it’s time for you to go home. Let her in. Let them both in. Allow Amy to see what you’ve really been doing with your life.”
“I’ll think about it.”
And he did. 
He thought hard about what Felix had said and realized that, maybe, he had a point. 
He wasn’t exactly sure where to start but when he went home that night, he sent Gabby a text. 
CHRISTIAN: Tea or coffee?
RED: What?
CHRISTIAN: Do you prefer tea or coffee?
RED: Coffee.
CHRISTIAN: Milk? Sugar?
RED: Milk and two. Why?
CHRISTIAN: Just wondering.
RED: Why are you wondering about what beverages I like?
CHRISTIAN: Because it just occurred to me that I know how you taste intimately, but I don’t know the simple things about you. FYI, I take mine black with two.
Once again, Gabby felt the thrill that ran through her when anything Christian related messed with her world. The text was silly and shouldn’t have pleased her, but it did.
She didn’t reply.
He texted her again the next day.
CHRISTIAN: Eggs over easy or sunny side up?
RED: You’ve been over there too long. It’s runny or well done.
CHRISTIAN: So, which is it?
RED: Runny, I like to dip my toast. 
Christian barely resisted making a lewd joke.
RED: What is this? Why all the questions?
CHRISTIAN: I plan on trying to sleep with you again the next time I’m back.
RED: I’m not going to be your transatlantic booty call!
CHRISTIAN: I know. Which is why I want to get to know you. And FYI, I like my eggs the same way too. Now, would you prefer a night in watching a film or a night out on the town?
Gabby couldn’t stop her smile, knowing he wanted to get to know her made her feel as though she had won something. It was ridiculous because apart from the truly amazing and earth-shattering sex, she didn’t like Christian.
She didn’t know much about him really, so why she should she care?
A moment of realization struck her.
He was wearing her down.
And somewhere along the line, she had begun to like him.
She needed to play it cool.
It was a long agonizing five minutes before she finally replied.
RED: That depends if it’s raining or not. 
Christian smiled in relief and relaxed into his bed.
They’d texted every day for three weeks, getting to know each other until he flew back to London, where they then spent five nights getting their bodies reacquainted.
Present day… 
“Come on. Get dressed.” He hauled her off the sofa. “We’re going out.”
“What? Why? Amy is having dinner with Derek. We have the place to ourselves for at least another two hours. We should be naked!” Gabby protested. She wasn’t sure where this new sex craved version of her had come from, but suddenly she couldn’t get enough of Christian. She wondered if it was because of his damn talented hands, or maybe his wicked tongue, or maybe it was his massive...
“As tempting as that sounds, I wanted to show you something.” He told her, interrupted her naughty thoughts.
“So show me naked,” she grinned leerily.
Christian chuckled. “I can’t. If I did that, I’d get arrested.” 
“You’re no fun. Where are we going?”
“It’s a surprise.”
“Ugh, I hate surprises,” She muttered grumpily. 
“Hopefully you’ll like this one.”
“Do I need to dress up?” She asked, a sour look on her face as though it was the worst thing she could think of doing.
“No, not tonight. What you were wearing before I ripped it off you was fine.” He smirked.
“Give me ten minutes to get cleaned up.”
Christian watched as Gabby collected all her clothing strewn around the living room before sashaying towards the bathroom. Naked as the day she was born, so confident without a hint of shyness or embarrassment.
He felt something inside him tighten again.
In that moment, he knew he was about to take Felix’s advice and trust this woman with everything.
Gabby was about to meet the real Christian Hunt.
He was about to let her in and he suddenly felt really nervous about that.
*


4
The Wild Hunt
Gabby looked around in surprise when the car pulled to a stop.
Christian had insisted on driving, refusing to tell her where they were going.
She couldn’t even guess as they had left the noise of the city behind them some time ago. When the sun finally disappeared behind the horizon, very few lights guided the way as they ventured further into the countryside. 
Her eyes grew wide as they turned onto a long gravelly road that was obviously a driveway, leading up to what appeared to be a grassy lawn roundabout covered in flowers and a magnificent stately home.
Getting out of the car, Christian watched as Gabby turned in a full circle, taking everything in.
“Where are we?”
“This is Adderley Hall.”
“It’s amazing,” She bounced excitedly on the balls of her feet. “What are we doing here? Are you going to rob the place? Is this you casing the joint? Am I your alibi?”
Christian laughed as he reached out and took her hand, surprising her by interlocking their fingers. 
“You mean accomplice.”
He gently pulled her towards the house. “Come on. Let me show you.”
Adderley Hall was an impressive sight.
It was a huge building made up of what looked to be three parts, with two large houses attached to a smaller central house, connecting all three. Stone steps descended from the middle house, making the whole place seem much grander.
As they approached the steps, the front doors opened and a tall, older gentleman stepped out.
Gabby eyed him carefully as they made their way up the steps.
Dressed in a white shirt, navy jacket and trousers, he looked to be in his fifties. With a round face, short brown curly hair and a warm smile, Gabby thought he was quite handsome for an older man.
With Christian in his usual black jeans and t-shirt and her in jeans, an oversized jumper and UGG’s, she felt massively underdressed and wondered if the man would send them packing.
“Hey, Chuck,” Christian greeted the man with a handshake and a half hug, to Gabby’s surprise.
“Christian, good to see you. And who is this lovely lady?” Chuck greeted in a posh English accent.
“Gabby, this is my good friend, Chuck Leighton. Chuck is helping me with my work, which is why we’re here. He is letting me use his wonderful home.”
“You live here?” Gabby asked, awestruck, as she stared up at the building. “Wow, what’s it like living at Downton Abbey?”
When she looked back, Chuck had a huge smile on his face before he rubbed his mouth, trying not to laugh. 
“It is magical.”
“This amazing man supports me even when I doubt myself.” Christian clapped Chuck on the back.
“You doubt yourself?” Gabby asked sarcastically.
At the same time, Chuck chided, 
“Because you’ve no reason to doubt yourself.” 
They chuckled.
“Chuck is quietly changing my world.”
“For the better I hope,” Chuck remarked.
“I think so. Chuck, this beautiful woman is Gabriella King.”
Gabby couldn’t hold back the smile that came at hearing him use her full name. 
“Please, call me Gabby.”
Chuck reached out and took her hand in a two-handed handshake. 
“A pleasure to meet you, Gabby.”
“Nice to meet you too, Chuck.”
“So, how do you know Christian?”
She smiled slyly. 
“Oh, we’ve been bitter enemies for well over a decade now. Hated his guts since the day I met him.”
Chuck looked from her to Christian and back again. 
“You’re joking?”
“No. not at all.” Gabby shook her head. “If it wasn’t for his sister, I would have done some irreversible damage to his body by now.”
“It’s true. Only a few months ago, I would have hit her with my car instead of offering her a lift in it.”
Chuck found that really amusing.
“So what changed?” He asked innocently.
Gabby turned almost as red as her hair while Christian rubbed the back of his neck uncomfortably.
That was when Chuck noticed their entwined hands.
“Ah, I see,” He said with a smile. “Come on. Let’s go inside. Everything is ready for you to double check, Christian. Unless you’d like to do that on your own first, and then we can have drinks afterwards?”
“That sounds good.”
“Then I’ll leave you two to it. Find me in the drawing room when you’re done.” 
“Will do.”
Gabby’s head was filled with so many questions but she didn’t have time to voice them as Christian hurried through the front door, still holding onto her hand tightly. She briefly looked left and right at the two amazing rooms they passed but he pulled her on.
“You’ll have time to look later. I want to show you this first.”
Exiting through huge glass doors on the opposite side where they had entered, Gabby found herself enveloped by a majestic, French style garden.
She gasped. “Oh my god, this is amazing. It’s so beautiful.”
“You should see this place in the daylight. Come on.” 
Gabby had to admit she loved seeing him like this, filled with excitement. He was like a kid, rushing to find out what gifts awaited under the Christmas tree.
The gardens were lit up by lanterns and fairy lights. The lawns and hedges were well maintained and went on as far as her eyes could see. Some hedges were made up entirely of lavender and she could smell the flowers long before they walked through them. 
Following the path, they passed several archways and fountains and when they took the next left, they found themselves entering a dense, yew tunnel, which would have been impressive by itself. But the hanging lights illuminating the bending trees at intervals made it all the more magical.
Noticing something between the trees just a little further down from the first set of lights, Gabby broke the comfortable silence they’d fallen into.
“What’s that?”
“That’s one of the things I wanted to show you. Have a look,” Christian waved her on, suddenly sounding cautious.
He stood back as she took everything in.
Tucked between the yews was a white statue.
It looked to be made of stone or marble, but as she drew closer, she saw it wasn’t either. It reminded her of the Greek marbled sculptures one would find in a museum, except that it was of a modern day woman.
The lifelike statue wore an actual dress; a red, collared 50s halter-neck dress that stopped just above the knees. Her arms were reaching up, pinning up stone curls as she did her hair in an empty frame that was meant to be a mirror.
Gabby thought it was beautiful. But what really caught her attention was the piercings and tattoos.
She spotted a diamond stud in the nose, an upper lip medusa piercing with the left ear stretched with a real tunnel piercing.
The sleeve tattoos on both arms had her moving closer.
The right arm had a clock unravelling and spiraling around and downwards, until it reached a green eye made up of cogs and gears. It was abstract yet intricate, complicated yet delicate. The other arm was an explosion of colour and shadows. The tattoo was Asian in style, made up of blues, greens purples, orange, and reds.
She had no clue what it was but it was stunning. 
“This one I made out of clay. It took me four months to finish, and then another month to get the tattoos right.”
“I can’t believe you made this,” Gabby whispered, her eyes still fixed on the statue. 
“What do you think?”
“I love it. 
How many more are there?” 
“Seven statues in total, but they aren’t all as big as this. There are fourteen paintings, drawings and sketches all in various places and positions around the garden. Chuck put all this together to showcase my work to his influential buddies.”
“Oh my goodness, you’re an artist.”
Gabby looked up at Christian with a new appreciation, realising there was so much more to this man.
He was letting her in.
“Well, it’s only a small exhibit, but it’s all my work. All the pieces explore body and identity. And because it’s all displayed outside, we named it ‘The Wild Hunt’. Even though these gardens are far from wild, I think the wild part is more about me. Anyway, the pieces are all tucked away, so you have to follow a map to hunt them down.”
“I thought you just did tattoos.” Gabby eyed him curiously.
He laughed at her honesty. 
“I know. I bet you were picturing some seedy back alley tattoo parlour, nothing like that at all. The shop’s doing really well. We’ve gained a sort of cult following and celeb status over there.”
“So how did all this come about?” She gestured to his artwork.
“Chuck. He saw one of my pieces a few years back and bought it. I was making bits and pieces, and selling them online. I wanted to stay anonymous but he dug deep and hunted me down. That’s how we became friends. He talked me into making more and has sort of been my patron ever since. He thought it would be a good idea to do the exhibit here in his gardens. Seeing as he made all this happen, I agreed.”
“Wow, can I see another one?”
“I want you to see them all.”
Taking her hand, they hurried through the yew trees and came to a stop in front of a huge hedge with a six-foot circle cut out of it. A large stone boulder sat in the centre, with Christian’s next piece laid on top.
A bronze statue of two lovers entwined.
It was elegant and tastefully done. The man’s arms covered the woman’s breasts as he held her, while the woman’s legs draped over his hips to lock at the ankles behind his back.
It was the tattoos engraved into the bronze arms and legs of the couple that made the statue really come to life. The tattoos engravings were of other couples entwined, in various positions of lovemaking, making the piece all the more erotic.
“It’s beautiful,” She exclaimed in awe.
The smile she gave him filled him with pride.
They spent the next hour slowly making their way around the gardens, going in and out of alcoves, discovering the hidden art nestled into their leafy surroundings. Christian talked about each piece, telling her about the ideas and influences behind them.
There were so many sculptures and paintings of all shapes and sizes.
It blew Gabby away.
“This is why you’ve been going back and forth over the past few months?”
“Yeah, I’ve been delivering my pieces and helping Chuck get it ready for the exhibition,” He explained as they made their way back towards the house.
“When is it?”
“Tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow? Okay, wow, I wasn’t expecting that. So…”
Christian could see she was working something out in her head, so he kept quiet and waited.
“Why did you bring me here? Why show me all of this now?
Christian took a deep breath to steady himself before he took the leap. 
“Because I want you to get to know the real me. I want to get to know you too, Gabby. I want us to be more than just great sex, and I want to stop all this sneaking around. I like hanging out with you, when you’re not being a bitch and kicking me out,” He teased.
“Hey, I only kick you out when you’re being an arsehole,” She sniffed with a raised brow.
“Fair enough. But I want more.”
Gabby gasped, finally understanding what he was saying. 
“But you never want more.”
“I do now.”
“But it’s us. We don’t do well together.”
“That’s just it. We have been. Come to the exhibit with me, Gabby?”
“As your date?”
“As my girlfriend.”
Gabby was thrown by his words.
Unable to get a reply out, she couldn’t deny she was pleased on the inside. He had worn her down over the weeks, and her inner girlie girl was dancing around in excitement. 
But this was Christian.
Could she really take a chance on him? Could they work? 
She looked him in the eyes silently, weighing his words.
Christian watched as Gabby smiled at him but then his heart dropped when her smile did so seconds later.
“What?”
“What happens after the exhibit? You don’t live here anymore. I’m guessing it will be the end of this back and forth thing you’ve been doing.” She shook her head. “It won’t work. It’s just too far a distance for something you want to take up a step from being a casual fling.”
“We’re already more than a casual fling and you know it,” Christian said on a sigh. “A while ago, my boss, Tommy, came up with an idea to expand the shop. But it would take time and money. We sat down and hashed it all out, and I decided it was a good investment so I bought in. I’ve been a partner in the business for two years now. With its hard earned notoriety, and this exhibit hopefully doing well, we decided now was a good time to put part one of Tommy’s plans into action. We will be opening London’s branch of Feel Good Ink in a few months, and I’m going to stay here and run it.”
“You’re moving back then?”
“I am.” He nodded.
She gave him a wicked smile. 
“Then I’ll think about it.” She bumped his hip with hers playfully.
“Well then, let me give you something to help you think.”
Leaning in, he pressed his lips to hers briefly. He went to move away but Gabby pressed her lips to his, chasing him.
They both smiled into the kiss.
“You said this London shop is part one. What’s part two of this plan?
“Opening a New York branch of Feel Good Ink, but that’s a while off yet.”
“Wow.”
Christian pulled her back into his body, his lips touching hers once more.
The kiss was slow and intimate, playful and scary.
Scary, because Christian Hunt was too sinful, too potent, too addictive and she would always want to give into him. She would always have to fight against him to keep herself sane.
Gabby pulled back again and whispered, 
“Yes.” 
“Yes?” Christian murmured softly against her lips.
“You’re quite convincing.” Gabby grinned, drawing circles on his chest.
He smiled down at her, genuine happiness radiating from him. His mouth took hers captive and he kissed her breathless.
When the kiss ended, Gabby started laughing.
“Not the reaction I was going for.” Christian raised an eyebrow.
“I’m imagining Amy’s reaction when she finds out we’re together.”
Christian groaned. 
“She’s going to have a fit.”
Gabby nodded. “She’ll be pissed that we’ve kept this from her. Actually, I can’t believe she never said anything about your art. Not that we talked about you a lot. But there was not even a mention of one of your drawings in passing.”
“That’s because she doesn’t know.”
She frowned. “What do you mean?”
“I never told Amy or my parents about any of this. They all think the same as you did a few minutes ago. That I work in some backstreet tattoo shop.”
“Why? Why hide it? Why haven’t you set them straight?”
Christian sighed and sat down on a step. 
“Remember when we talked on my birthday, and I said you ruined our reputations?”
“And I said you ruined your own reputations. I remember,” Gabby said, giving him the stink eye.
“Hey, don’t look at me like that. I’m not accusing you of anything. I’m just explaining.”
“Sorry, force of habit,” She grumbled.
“You were right. We did. Well, it was actually Brian who ruined my rep.”
Gabby sat down on the step beside Christian and gave him her full attention.
“Brian was dealing with some really tough shit back then. He didn’t have anyone to turn to and I felt bad for him. He needed a friend so, even though he was getting into drunken brawls and pissing the wrong people off, I stuck by him.”
“There was a fundraiser on, and it was done like a street fair. Brian wanted to go but I was tired. I’d been up all night working on some drawings, which ended up being my first tattoo.” He motioned to his chest. “I told him I’d meet him there. But by the time I’d arrived, he was already drunk and picking fights.”
“He took an instant dislike to this guy, Joshua Miller. I never found out what exactly went down. I’d gone to the bathroom and when I came back, I saw Brian going for Joshua. I ran at them, trying to get a hold of Brian but he managed to get a few hits in before I could grab him.”
“Some guys came and pulled us apart, breaking up the fight. But Joshua got hurt pretty bad and was left with a few scars. By the time everyone told their side to the police, it looked like I’d ran in from the other side to aid Brian. Like it was a planned attack.”
“Oh my god.”
“It gets worse. Joshua Miller is the son of Arthur Miller, of Miller and Miller. The company my Dad’s company were trying to buy. They got wind of who I was and the deal fell through.”
“Shit.”
“It cost the company a lot of money and Dad had to deal with a lot of shit at work. We got the CCTV footage that proved that I was telling the truth but the damage was done. Dad had always warned me about hanging out with Brian, and I proved him right.”
“But at the same time, I was pissed at my Dad for not having my back. I hadn’t actually done anything wrong except try to help. But it backfired. Anyway, things have been strained ever since then. So, I keep my stuff private and let him think what he wants about my life.”
“And Amy?”
“I wanted to keep her out of it. I didn’t want her to feel like she had to hide anything from them for me. But they’re all coming tomorrow.”
“You told them?”
“Not exactly. I invited them to an event, telling them it was important to me. Mom was excited at the idea of getting all dressed up. Dad grumbled and was his usual dick self, but Mom shut that shit down. I arranged a car to collect them and bring them here. He quieted down when he realised he could have a drink because he didn’t have to drive. Amy suspects it has something to do with work.”
“You’re going to shock the shit out of them.”
“Hopefully it will be a good shock and not the kind that kills them.”
“I think the biggest shock will be for Amy seeing us together.” 
“She’s going to be a pain in my ass.” Christian grimaced.
“Why?” 
“I can already hear her giving me shit” He tapped his head. “Don’t you hurt her, Christian. If you do, I’ll rip you a new one. Twin or not!” He mimicked Amy’s voice. 
Gabby’s laughter set him off.
“Excuse me.” A voice interrupted them. “I’m looking for Christian Hunt. And from the description I’ve been given, I’m guessing that’s you.” 
Gabby turned and saw a goddess in green walking towards them.
The woman was tall, at least six foot, with caramel skin and long black hair. Dressed in a short green dress with a gold belt, a green fur coat and gold high heel shoes, she looked as though she just came off a catwalk. 
For a second, Gabby thought it was Zoe Salad or whatever her name was. She truly resembled the actress from the ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ films Christian had made her watch earlier that week. Now she really felt under dressed.
“Who’s asking?” Christian asked as he and Gabby stood up, brushing themselves off. 
“Savanna Coleman. Charles is a good friend. He told me all about you.”
Christian offered her his hand. 
“Christian Hunt. Pleased to meet you. This is my girlfriend, Gabby King.” 
Gabby raised an eyebrow but smiled at the word ‘girlfriend’. 
Christian shrugged a shoulder in return and mouthed, “Get used to it”.
“Nice to meet you.” Gabby shook Savannah’s well-manicured hand.
“Lovely to meet you both. I’m sorry to interrupt. I know the exhibit isn’t until tomorrow but I was visiting Charles and he mentioned you were here. I’d planned on hunting you down tomorrow to talk about your pieces. But since you’ll probably be swamped with people vying for your attention, it’s probably best to take advantage of this fortuitous gift of time since we are all here now. Don’t you think?”
“Sure, we were just heading back to the house.”
“Fantastic.” Her infectious smile beaming as she pushed between them, linking an arm through each of theirs like they were friends.
“If I’m being honest,” She stage whispered. “I’ve had my eye on a few of your pieces. I was hoping to have a one on one about them before things kick off tomorrow,” Savannah said suggestively, giving Gabby a wink.
Christian and Gabby had no choice but to walk along with the vivacious woman.
“I have a proposition for you.”
When Gabby’s step faltered, Savannah pulled her closer. “Now, don’t get your panties in a twist. You’re more my type than he is, but that’s not what I was talking about.”
She shot Gabby a naughty smile before putting her focus back on Christian.
“I’m an executive producer at Sonic Media, and we’ve been commissioned to produce a six-part docuseries on the changing face of art.” She announced dramatically.
Gabby’s eyes bugged out.
She’d heard of Sonic Media. They were the ones behind the short film that did well at the film festival a few years back.
“Each episode will focus on one artist, as they work on a piece from concept to completion. We’re looking for artists, who can give us something personal and intimate, dark and decadent. We need artists, who will push the boundaries of their chosen medium. And I think one of those artists should be you.”
This time, it was Christian whose step faltered as they reached the glass doors that led into house.
“Seriously?”
“Seriously.” Savannah nodded. “I love your stuff. I think you’re going to be one to watch. And with Lord Leighton backing you, you’ll be big in no time.”
“Lord Leighton?” Gabby asked, confused.
“Yes, Charles,” Savannah confirmed, now confused by Gabby’s confusion.
“She means Chuck.” Christian chuckled, to Gabby’s horror.
“Chuck? Chuck is a Lord? Lord Charles Leighton! Oh my god, I can’t believe you let me call a Lord Chuck. Oh god, I made that stupid Downton Abbey joke.” Gabby groaned.
“Oh, I like you. I think we’re going to get along well.” Savannah patted Gabby’s arm, laughing. “Don’t worry, he’s a good guy.”
“If he had a problem with it, he would have said so,” Christian consoled.
She gave him the stink eye in return.
“I’m going to go inside and give you guys a moment to confer. See you in a mo. I’ll be in the drawing room...with Chuck.” Savannah was still laughing as she made her way inside.
Once she was no longer in earshot, Gabby turned to Christian. 
“I think I just entered the twilight zone. Producers wanting to make a show about you, art exhibits, friends who are friggin’ Lords. Who are you?”
“I’m the same guy you’ve always known. Except now, I’m your boyfriend, and maybe not so much of an idiot anymore.”
Christian pulled her into his arms, needing to feel her close. 
“You’ll always be an idiot to me,” Gabby said sweetly.
In return, he leaned down and kissed her gently.
“It’s just that this is all so…” She trailed off, looking for the right word.
“I know this is a lot to take in. But if we’re going to do this, I want us to do it properly. I’ve always kept a part of myself private, but I’m ready to share that part now, because of you.” Christian captured her hands and entwined their fingers, leaning down to kiss each one of hers as he spoke.
“I want you to know exactly who you’re investing your time in. I want you to know the man who is giving you pleasure. I want you to understand the man who cares about you and I need to really know who you are too.” 
“This is going to be fucking weird to everyone who knows us, but I don’t care what anyone else thinks. Only you. Are you ready to take this step with me, Gabby?”
Looking up, Gabby saw the intensity on Christian’s face, the fear he tried to hide and the truth of his words.
“Fuck it. Let’s do this.”
“Gee, thanks. Romantic as ever,” He teased. 
Gabby went up on her tip toes for a kiss.
One filled with emotion.
When they finally came up for air, she smiled up at him.
“Now I’m ready.”
Christian kissed their entwined fingers.
Gabby was excited but nervous too.
Amy was going to go crazy at the turn of events. She might possibly kick her in the vagina for holding out and breaking some sort of girl code by sleeping with her brother.
But in that moment, Gabby couldn’t find a bone in her body that cared.
Realizing that the only thing she did care about was the man standing next to her, she stared up at him in awe.
How had she gone from fantasizing about stabbing the man with rusty kitchen utensils to fantasizing about him naked and doing naughty things to her with her sexy bedroom utensils instead?
Their past had been all about war and hate, but their recent interactions had been an exercise in lust and ecstasy.
Gabby couldn’t even begin to guess what the future had in store for them as a couple.
But she knew one thing for sure.
Having Christian Hunt as a boyfriend was going to be one hell of a crazy ride.
*
Epilogue
The Hunt For Red In October
“Ow!”
“Will you keep still?” Amy berated, exasperated by Christian’s surliness.
“I didn’t fucking move. Hey! It’s dripping in my eye,” He grumbled.
“It’s not my fault blood is dripping everywhere. Shit, I got it on me. Do you think it will stain?”
“Probably. Just hurry up and get the bandages on.” He snapped at his sister.
“I’m going as fast as I can. Bloody hell, Christian. You’re so grumpy.” What’s going on?” Amy did one more loop around his head before trying to secure the bandage.
“Nothing. Just hurry up and pin the damn thing please. Ow! I said pin the bandage, not my fucking head,” Christian growled.
“Christian Tyler Hunt. Don’t you dare talk to me like that,” Amy snapped, taking a step back in the cramped bathroom to survey her handiwork.
“Oh, you’re pulling out the full name now?” 
“Yes, I am. And if you don’t tell me what the hell is going on with you, I’m going to call Mom and let her get it out of you instead,” She threatened.
Christian sighed in defeat and shifted forward on the closed toilet seat. He knew Amy would make that call to their mother and there was no way he would talk to her about what was bothering him.
“It’s Gabby.”
“Of course it is.” Amy moved closer and leaned down so she could work on his black eye. “I just don’t get you two.”
“I was shocked when you got together, but happy. I thought it meant the arguing would stop. But when you’re not trying to rip each other’s heads off, you’re tearing each other’s clothes off. And I’ll say it again, Christian. As your twin sister, I hate walking in on that shit. Next time, keep it in the bedroom and lock the damn door!”
“And like I told you fifty times already. I thought the front door was locked,” Christian huffed.
He’d forgotten what it was like being around his sister for more than a long weekend. Now that he was back living in England, at her place all the time, he pretty much saw her every day. And the normal sibling, annoy each other, relationship had kicked straight back in.
“I’ll never cook in that kitchen again,” Amy hissed.
Looking up towards heaven, Christian spoke out loud. 
“Why do I now have two women pissed at me?”
“You desecrated my favourite room. That’s why I’m upset. But the question is, what did you do to upset Gabby this time?”
“Nothing!” Christian threw his hands out, exasperated. “Well, I didn’t think it was anything to be pissed off about.”
Amy eyed her brother carefully.
“There, done.”
Christian stood up and looked at his costume in the bathroom mirror. Amy had done a great job on helping him put together his Halloween costume. He really did look like a big bad, bruised and battered wolf man.
“Now, spill it.”
Christian sighed.
“I asked her to move in with me.”
“What?” Amy squealed. 
“Oh my god, that means you guys are really serious. That’s so great.”
“I thought so too.”
“So, what happened?”
He gave a short laugh without any humor.
Though Amy looked awesome in her costume, it was weird having such a serious conversation while he stared at a female pirate version of himself.
“She asked if I didn’t think it was too soon.”
“And what did you say?”
“That we’ve known each other for twelve years. We’ve been together officially for ten months, most of which we haven’t spent a day apart. And I told her we couldn’t keep scaring you with images of your best friend and brother naked.”
“Amen to that,” Amy agreed wholeheartedly.
“I also told her I love her.”
His revelation was met with silence, which stretched on for a full minute before the squealing began, followed by hand clapping and jumping.
“Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. You love her! You love Gabby. You love my best friend!” She cheered as she bounced around the bathroom.
Then she began to singsong, “You really love her. You love my bestie. She’ll be my sister and then you’ll have babies…”
“Slow your roll, baby sis. She didn’t say it back.”
Amy’s face dropped and she stopped in her tracks.
“What did she say?”
“That she was out of milk, and she really needed caffeine and was going to the corner shop to get some. That was four hours ago, Aims, and I haven’t heard a peep. Her phone goes straight to voicemail. I’ve called around but no one has seen her. I would have driven around to look for her but I couldn’t find my keys. I’m getting really worried.”
“You should have come to me first. I’m her best friend.”
“You know where she is then?”
Amy shook her head. “No. But I know she’s fine.”
“You don’t know that.”
“You dropped a bomb on her. She just needs time to get her head around it,” Amy stated with confidence.
“What if she’s hurt?”
“She’s not.”
“Or been in a car accident.”
“She hasn’t.”
“How are you so sure?”
“Because this is what she does and always have done when faced with life changing decisions. She takes off, away from everyone she knows.”
“Why?”
“Because she wants a clear head when she decides. No outside influences to sway her. That way she knows the decision is her own.”
“So what do I do now?”
“Wait for her. She loves you too, Christian. Just give her the time she needs. She’ll come back to you.”
He sighed and pulled her in for a hug. 
“When did you become so wise?”
“Oh, around the same time you became a famous rock star of the art world,” She teased.
The docuseries episode featuring Christian had aired the week before and it had been a huge hit. Between that and Chuck’s connections, he was suddenly trending on social media, and offers for interviews and commissions were rolling in. 
Life was good, apart from the fact that the woman he loved had done a disappearing act. 
Twenty minutes later, Christian and Amy heard the front door open and a badass, sexy little red riding hood came striding in.
Gabby eyed his battered, big bad wolf costume as he stood up. Spotting her bloody baseball prop leaning against the coffee table, she nodded her approval.
“My corset’s not sitting right. I need to adjust it. I’ll wait for you guys in my room. Give me a shout when you’re ready to leave for the party,” Amy said, before making a quick exit. 
Christian and Gabby simply stood there, staring. 
The mood in the room was intense, as was everything about them always seemed to be.
“Hey, Red.”
“Hey, Wolfe.”
“You forgot the milk,” Christian murmured as he moved towards her.
“I grabbed a take away coffee and wondered around instead.”
“So I was–”
“I love you too.”
A smile took over Christian’s face before he wrapped his arms around Gabby and pulled her into a searing kiss.
“Took you long enough to figure it out.” He pulled her flush against his body so she could feel the full length of what he was promising.
“Sorry about that,” She whispered breathlessly.
“That’s alright. You can make it up to me.” Christian grinned wickedly. 
“Actually, I know the perfect way to do that.”
“As tempting as it sounds, I don’t think we have time for any of that. Also, Aims is in the other room. I don’t think she’d appreciate the noise.” Christian wiggled his eyebrows suggestively.
Gabby ignored him.
“Here,” She handed him his car keys.
“Oh, you took them,” He stated plainly, confused as to why she did so.
“Yeah. I figured if I’m going to live with you, I’m going to need my own key.” Gabby dangled a single copied key off her finger and shot him a shy smile.
Christian burst out laughing. 
“You’re a nutcase.”
“Yes, but I’m your nut case now,” She grinned.
Christian sighed exaggeratedly in relief. “Oh, thank god.”
“I love you, Gobby.”
“I love you too, Hunt.”
There was no hate in their voice when they said it.
Only love and a hint of lust.
*
The End
*
Thank you so much for reading my book. Keep reading to find out what other wonderful & funny stories I’ve written and where to find me. I’d also love to hear what you thought of this book. So If you enjoyed it that’s great, if not let me know why.
Please stop buy and leave a review. 
Thank you. 
****



OTHER BOOKS BY BRIENNE...
AWAKENING OF A SOUL KEEPER: PREQUEL TO THE SOUL KEEPER SERIES –

What happens when you meet the man of your dreams, then meet your soul mate and find out he is a thing of nightmares?
Theodora is thrust into a world of powerful beings and surrounded by treachery, lies and violence, when she accidentally discovers not only is her husband’s boss a vampire, but she is also his soul keeper and fated mate.
As the leader of all vampires the last thing Lyzander needs or wants is his soul. With so much on the line he can’t afford to be anything but vengeful and Theodora’s presence jeopardizes everything he is.
Forced to stick close to her unwanted mate, Theodora struggles to keep hold of her sanity and her marriage as she discovers who and what she really is. 
A STRANGE AFFAIR -AN EROTIC ROMANCE:
 
She is struggling to fight her dark desires. He is trying to fight his feelings. Neither of them can fight their chemistry. Ellie Ré doesn’t have time for men. They don’t fit in with her career plan. She doesn’t engage in flings or one night stands either, it’s just not how she was raised. So when Aaron Strange enters her life she’s thrown by her sudden dark desires. The feeling of wanting nothing other than to submit to this man terrifies her, but it excites her more. Will she give in to what feels right when she always thought it to be wrong? Aaron Strange is happy at his new company. He can’t get distracted here. He doesn’t have time for emotional entanglements. But when he meets Ellie, something about her compels him to get closer. Is it because she refused him? Is it because she surprises him? Is it because he wants to possess her? Aaron finds himself wanting nothing more than to open her eyes to a world of pleasure and desire. But can he convince her to submit to the dark side and not fall for Ellie in the process. This is a very spicy little Novella with a little humor and a lot of pleasure. Intended for 18 + readers. 
RED RIGHT HAND - A PARANORMAL ROMANCE NOVELLA:

Dermott McGuinty intended to be a good man but unfortunately for him the devil had other plans. Dermott is given the opportunity to be the next right hand man to the devil but when an assignment turns out to be the woman of his dreams will he have what it takes to get the job done. If he does what will it cost him in the end? 

THE SECRET SIDE OF US - A CONTEMPORARY ROMANCE: 

Will she have the courage to go for who & what she really wants? When a naive young Lexi leaves everything behind to start a new life in LA she suddenly finds herself caught between two men: Dane a charming American and Ryan a mischievous Italian. Told from the perspective of various characters, this story follows the highs and lows of a vulnerable young woman trying to stick up for herself and follow her heart in a tough, hot city. 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Brienne Dubh comes from a performing background with over 10 years acting experience. Studying performing arts and theatre at college she then went on to university where she studied creative arts. Originally from England, after a few years of travelling the world she moved to Ireland where she currently lives on a homestead with her husband, two young daughters, twelve chickens, a duck and a cat.
*
Connect with Brienne Dubh
Thank you for reading my book I really appreciate you taking the time out. If you enjoyed it please take a moment to leave a review! Here are my social media coordinates: Check out my site: www.briennedubhauthor.com
Follow me on twitter: twitter.com/BrienneDubh
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/briennedubhauthor
Friend me on facebook: www.facebook.com/BrienneDubh?ref=streamor 
email briennedubh@gmx.com
