
Reluctant Gods
The First of the Reluctant Gods Series
By: A.J. Aaron

“The illiterate of the twenty-first century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.”
Alvin Toffler


Copyright 2011 A.J. Aaron
Revised - Sept 2015 Fourth Edition

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. The publisher and author do not have any control over, and does not assume responsibility for third party websites.

To purchase another copy of this book, or to see other books by A.J., go to:

http://www.AjAaronOnline.com

Other books by A.J. include:
Reluctant Gods II-The Demon Seth
Reluctant Gods III – Reset
Reluctant Gods IV - Aysel - The Prequel
Reluctant Gods - Books One Through Four
A New Reality-A Wake Up Call to Life’s Mysteries
Power, Control, Conformance
The Hawk, or Other Worlds

Cover Image Copyright Guryanov Andrey used under license from Shutterstock.com.
Editing done by Christine Winsor


“All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we enter another.”
Anatole France
1
Snow was falling beyond the porch of the mansion as I stood in front of the twelve-foot-tall, carved oak door, and heard Boccherini’s “Minuet” playing inside. I brushed the snow off my coat and stomped my boots. As I reached to ring the bell, the door opened.
“Sevi. Come in, my dear. She’s waiting for you. She’s so excited today.” Emily’s eyes beamed from the folds of her skin as if they were the sky itself. Her hands, like dried twigs, removed my scarf and coat then pointed to a room.
“She’s in the parlor, dear. Please go in and I’ll get you some tea. You look like your back hurts, are you okay?”
“Just a muscle pull, that’s all, the tea would be welcome.” Emily tottered away to hang my things in the closet and I yelled after her, “Thanks, Emily, you’re very kind!”
“I can hear, dear! Just ‘cause I look like I can’t, don’t think I can’t.” She chortled and her body shook. “I know with that string quartet music, you’d think I couldn’t hear a thing. Go ahead and follow it and you’ll find her, Sevi dear.”
The mansion’s aroma was like so many aged homes: embedded fireplace smoke, food smells, old paints, floor wax—homey. Layered on that smell was a fragrance I remembered from childhood—a combination of lavender and frankincense. I tried to breathe it in deeper, but after a few good sniffs, it seemed the smell was more in my brain than in my nose. I seemed to sense it rather than smell it—very odd, I thought. Maybe I imagined it from memory.
I passed through the arched double doorway into the impressive parlor with oriental rugs, horsehair furniture, a massive fireplace flanked by statues of lions, and windows from the floor to the twelve-foot ceiling. Sunbeams glittered off floating dust specks.
She was swaying to the music in a violet and white lace gown. Her five foot two frame rose to about five foot six in her heels. She was said to be one hundred and six years old and, from behind, she looked like she could be much younger. I remembered her at my sixteenth birthday when she was supposed to be eighty, but looked fifty or so. A rush of lavender and frankincense filled my senses.
I called out to her, “Boccherini’s Minuet, very uplifting.”
She turned and faced me. She looked forty.
“I’m sorry, Sevi. I get so wrapped up in my music, sometimes the world disappears. I didn’t even know you came in. Why do you look so shocked? Am I too young looking? This is about as young as I can get away with now, or I’d be younger still. I don’t want to shock you too much all at once, do I?” She grinned.
She moved toward me so fluidly, it was as if she floated—like a ghost in a movie. Her arms rose for a big hug and I became aware of her solid body. No ghost. I tried to smell perfume on her, but my nose gave me no result. Yet I sensed it somehow.
“Yes, you look fabulous. I would have thought someone one hundred and six years old would look different. What’s your secret?”
“Ah secrets…yes, we all have them, don’t we? Though you have no secrets from me, do you, Sevilen? How does your back feel now?”
“No secrets with you, Ninee…my back? Uh, now that you mention it, it’s fine, doesn’t hurt at all. It hurt like heck when I arrived. I slipped on the ice getting the paper this morning. Did you hear Emily mention it?”
“Really, Sevilen, how could anyone hear what was said at the door with this music?” Ninee shook her head, took my hand, and brought me over to the horsehair couch. The couch never seemed to age either. I remembered playing on it as a child. Its woodwork and Louis XVI legs looked like they were carved yesterday.
In came Emily, carrying a silver tray and teapot with translucent china teacups on it. She placed them on the coffee table, smiled, winked at me, and took off again.
Ninee filled our cups. The music shifted to a loud violin piece that seemed to mimic the cry of love lost. “The music is a bit loud, isn’t it?”
Ninee looked at the stereo equipment for a moment and the volume dropped to quiet background music. She handed me my cup; Jasmine wafted from the fine china. The warmth of it felt comforting, as comforting as Ninee has always been for me as a child.
“Dear Sevilen, there is so much you have to learn yet. Suffice it to say, I know everything I need to know, everything about you, about anything. Same as you shall.”
Glittering green eyes sparkled at me. She placed her hand on mine. Reddish brown hair framed her creamy complexion and made her look like an angel. Her delicately sculpted ears had two sets of piercings. Diamonds dangled from the lower hole, glittering as she moved.
She continued as the violins quietly cried in the background. “Sevi, I have a gift for you. It’s the last task I have to fulfill here before I go. I’ve been waiting, watching you grow and experience life, until you were ready for this. This gift is nothing to ignore. It is your destiny, your purpose, your supreme calling. It comes through time from a person who was here many, many years and generations ago. My father handed me the objects before he left. He left me no instructions, but as soon as I touched them, I knew they were for you, although you were not yet born.”
Ninee Aysel let go of my hand, sipped her tea, and watched me quietly. She crossed her delicate legs beneath the lace and bounced her foot as she sipped her tea. I was a little apprehensive, never having encountered Aysel speaking about mysterious things this way. She sipped and watched me. Why wasn’t she saying anything?
My engineering mind was trying to put together what she’d said, what happened to my back and the music, her scent of lavender and frankincense, her apparent youth, the way she moved—I couldn’t make sense of it. Seeming to have read my thoughts, she spoke.
“Sevi, everything is as it should be. You’ll see, dear. Trust me, and all your questions will one day be answered. You are protected and will be guided.”
Aysel leaned over, kissed me on the forehead, took my hand, and stood.
“Come, let me show you something.”
We walked hand in hand. She no longer floated, but rather, her heels clicked humanly across the hardwood floors then went silent on the oriental carpet.
She lifted her dress hem as we climbed the long staircase, and then dropped it to flow on the floor as we walked the long hall to the end.
She passed her hand over the center of an oak door with carvings of triangles, stars, snakes, and lotus petals. A loud clunk signaled it was unlocked. Aysel turned the crystal knob and the door swung open.
The room was paneled in framed, dark wood squares and the floors covered with thick, ancient carpets. There were paintings I recognized of Isaac Newton, Thomas Jefferson, and countless other faces I didn’t recognize. There were drawers and cabinet doors built into the walls.
“This is our museum, so to speak. Something to spark memory, or to inform those who need to know. You need not go through all of it, but I’ll show you what you need. When your journey is complete, you’ll know all of this anyway.”
Aysel passed by what appeared to be a humidity and temperature display that had a “CLOSE DOOR” light flashing on the panel.
“Ninee, the display says to close the door.”
“Yes, Sevi, please go close it. This room is environmentally regulated with special lighting and atmosphere controls.”
I closed the door. I passed by an ancient, but clear painting of a raven-haired beauty, but what caught my eye the most was next to it where Aysel stood. Another painting as old as the raven-haired woman’s and equally as clear.
“Do you recognize this person?” Aysel smiled knowingly, watching my eyes.
I studied the painting. It could have been me, except for the ancient clothing and long hair. I  took in every detail. My heart pounded from the extraordinary likeness to me.
Sparkling gold highlights were woven into his shoulder-length blond hair. He wore two rings. On the little finger of the right hand, which held a scepter with a large crystal on top, was a snake ring with a ruby in its mouth between the fangs. On the middle finger of the left hand, the heavy gold ring appeared to be the face of a man, but with horns. It almost looked like…
“Yes, Sevi, Christians call it Satan. It’s not. It is called Cernunnos, the male aspect of God. The snake represents the female aspect. The snake is also symbolic of Kundalini—the energy that awakens the god within by rising from the bottom chakra to the top.”
“You’re not Catholic? The way you said ‘Christians’…”
“People think I am. It’s a good way to fit in. I was raised Catholic. I am nothing religious anymore. That is, of any formalized kind. That’s unimportant. What is important here is that you see you were this man in a time past. You won’t believe me, but as I said, trust me. 
“His name was Sevilen as well and, no, I didn’t influence anyone in naming you. Your name being Sevilen was a marker for me to be certain, and keep me here this long. You are my main task and why I have held my position.”
“Position?”
“My responsibility. My one goal in this life. I am here because of you. To get you started.”
Aysel looked at me blankly, waiting for my response.
I looked at her as my mind raced. Position, responsibility, goal in her life? I don’t see her for years and now I’m her responsibility? What kind of crap is this?
“Not crap. Please, Sevi. Have patience and you will learn everything soon enough. Back to the painting.” 
How the hell was she reading my mind?
“Answers will come, dear.”
She pointed at the painting that looked so much like me.
“He’s where the power of the family comes from.” Aysel waved her hand at the painting. “He’s Turkish.”
“I thought Turks had dark hair and skin and were Muslims.”
“Most do, he was a Tatar. A Caucasian Tatar and had European blood in him as well. However, he was no Muslim or Christian. You see, once you have access to the Akashic records you’ll know the true purposes of all the religions, as did this Sevilen, as did Jesus.”
Aysel looked at me lovingly as I stared at the painting trying to take this all in.
I felt as if I knew this man. Or was this man. I swore I could feel what he wore as if I were wearing the identical attire right then.
His shirt-like clothing felt smooth and slid easily on my skin. The gold, seven-pointed star dangling from his left earlobe tugged gently on the diamond stud holding it in place. The crescent moon tugged less on the right earlobe, held in place with a ruby red stud. The blue gemstone on his right nostril matched his eyes; I sensed it reminded him of communication for some reason. Even though he looked so much like me, he looked different, more powerful, and wiser.
“You will be powerful and wise as well, Sevilen. You are here, on this earth, on this plane or realm, to learn what he knew.”
Again, she heard what I had thought. How can that be?
“Now this way.”
Aysel walked over to a wall panel and passed her special ring over the finely carved wood. A hiss of wood sliding on wood, then a clunk. The panel popped free and cracked slightly open.
Aysel opened the panel the rest of the way with her tiny hands and long glassy white fingernails. Her rings glinted in the light. She waved a hand over one breadbox-sized drawer and it hissed, clicked, and opened. Aysel withdrew a box as ancient as the painting we just saw. She handed it to me.
It was heavy for its size. There were carvings on it of what would today be the symbol for medicine—snakes wrapped around a staff and an eagle at the top. As I held it, she opened it.
“Turn it toward you, dear.”
I turned it and inside were both rings from the painting, each set in a purple velvet mound with gold threads that spiraled from the base to where the rings sat. Between the two rings sat a broken, glistening, multicolored stone. It appeared to be half of a heart broken down the middle.
“Pick them up. They belong to you. The stone is a combination of Phenacite, Tourmaline, and Jet. Very rare. This combination doesn’t normally occur in nature.”
I stared in wonderment.
She giggled like a little girl as I handed her the box, took the rings, and put them on the fingers they fit, the same fingers as in the painting.
I looked at the stone closely. It had been in a setting at one time, since it had marks on the outer edges from a clasp. Multicolored with a predominance of purple and white, it had every color in the rainbow, plus gold and silver.
Aysel continued, “This stone was not split accidentally. An immense amount of power went into it. The archangels and the man in the painting cast a spell that broke the stone and caused you to be here today. There’s another half in this realm somewhere. You’ll find it, or it will find you, and you will meet the person who has it.”
Aysel paused and touched my hand. “Close your eyes.”
As I closed them, I saw an image like a movie playing in flashes. A funeral pyre with the raven-haired woman dead upon it. Her necklace, with this stone on it, was removed from her by the man in the painting. Lightning. A storm. A temple with four archangels, one on every side. I was there as the man in the painting and held my arms out in the center of the temple. I smelled the incense burning in the temple. I cried out, “Mote it be!” A blast of energy surged and the image went black.
Aysel let go of my hands. “That was you and the stone was hers. You brought yourself here today without realizing it.”
How did I see those images? Some kind of telekinetic mind control? What was in that tea? Is Aysel human?
“Oh, Sevilen. Relax. Maybe I shouldn’t have bothered showing you those images in your mind. Anyway, the important thing is you must wear these rings and carry this stone from now on. Of course, you can take the rings off to work on things, or wash and so on, but you should wear them any other time. Likewise, keep the stone with you at all times. In its own way, it will alert you to things.”
“Ninee, this is crazy. I have so many questions. Please, please tell me more. Tell me about this man, these rings, this stone and why you look like you’re fortysomething and how you know so much. How are you reading my mind? Are you really my great grandmother? Are you human? Ninee, I need to know. I need answers.”
“Sevi, please stop calling me Ninee. Aysel will suffice. Ninee makes me feel so old.”
She laughed and touched me tenderly on the shoulder then continued. “Yes, yes, yes, beautiful Sevilen, you’ll get all the answers. You became an engineer so you would ask for answers. If you weren’t in search of answers, the rings and the stone would lie dormant in a drawer somewhere or end up in a pawnshop. It would take years—generations maybe—for the time to be right for this to happen again. Things are exactly as they should be at this moment. All the answers will come. Now, take them and go home. I have to get things in order for my trip.”
Aysel closed the box and gave it to me. She shut the drawer and the panel. The bolts hissed and clunked again. She stood on her toes and kissed me gently on my cheek. She spun, went to the door, and waited for me to open it.
“Thank you, dear.”
She led me to the front door, her lavender and frankincense scent was as I always remembered. Emily reappeared with my coat and scarf and wrapped me in them. She hugged me as she said, “Enjoy this life. You’re special. Believe it. Follow your heart.” Emily stepped back. 
Aysel came forward, gave me a big hug with tears in her eyes. “I should know better than to cry, but it’s hard to do this. Be Sevilen, my dear, Sevilen that is inside you, not what they have taught you, not what they say you are, or you should be. Break your paradigms; trust in me and in the objects I gave you.” Aysel backed away.
“When will I see you again, Ninee, uh, Aysel?”
“I don’t know. We will meet again. We always will. You have things to do and so do I. I love you, Sevilen, and wish you well.”
“I love you, too. I trust you. I’ll do my best, though I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.”
“That’s all I ask.”
Aysel turned and walked away with Emily. I closed the huge door of the beautiful mansion, and stepped off the porch, down the stairs, and into the snow. I wiped my watery eyes. Ravens covered the yard. They squawked as if I were someone they wanted to see.
They flew by gracefully, almost in slow motion, and then spiraled up into the falling snow. I looked back at the griffin statues on each side of the staircase and they were replaced with angels, smiling at me. I wiped my eyes again and felt a lump in my throat for fear I wouldn’t see Aysel again.
My boots squeaked through the crisp snow as I made my way to my car. I felt like I was losing someone so dear to me. She helped my parents and me greatly over the years. Now that I finally was able to see her again, she’s going away. Who, or what, is my great grandmother Aysel? Is she really my great grandmother? Why is she the way she is? What was she talking about? Why do I feel she’s going to die?
I started the car, wiped my face with my scarf, and drove home. Somehow, I had a hunch my life was never going to be the same again.






“The most common ego identifications have to do with possessions, the work you do, social status and recognition, knowledge and education, physical appearance, special abilities, relationships, personal and family history, belief systems, and often nationalistic, racial, religious, and other collective identifications. None of these is you.”
Eckhart Tollee
2
“Hey, Leyna, how are you this fine morning?” John asked.
I flashed John my sparkling smile and threw some extra swing into my step. I felt his eyes, and the eyes of every smoking man near the entrance.
“Perfect, like I always am.”
John came toward me, winked, and whispered, “How about us having some play time tonight? It’s been a while, Leyna.”
I whispered back, “Go play with your stupid wife. Want me to send her another video of us? I can’t believe she hasn’t divorced you yet.”
John and I used to work together, then I moved up and he stayed down. When I became VP, he thought seducing me would help him out of his stagnant role and onto my coat tails. He was a tall, handsome nothing, like all men. I gave into his seduction and gave him the ride of his life. When I was done playing with him, I sent his wife a video of us.
“We’re separated. Maybe she’ll get rid of me finally. Then I’ll be all yours.”
“She can keep you. I don’t need, or want you.”
I walked through the revolving doors into the lobby headed for my office.
I didn’t need a man. They’re all trouble. Fun to play with, but trouble in the long run. The playing got boring, though, and now something gnawed at me daily.
Twenty-seven different men and I’d found no meaning, no excitement with them. I always ended up waking up next to their bodies, feeling disgusted, and wondering what I was doing with the turds. Then I’d go on to mess up their lives. Yet I continued to pursue one after the other, expecting to stop that gnawing. There sure wasn’t any shortage, either. I could have anyone I wanted.
“Good morning, everyone!” I yelled to the group. Twenty heads popped up over the cubicle walls as they waved and said their good mornings. I passed by my assistant, Jordan’s, desk and waved, since Jordan was on the phone already. Everyone loved me. At least they seemed to.
I sat at my desk, powered up my computer, and retrieved my voicemails. Oh great, Joe left me two messages. He needs to tell me something important and wants to take me out to Juan Marco’s, the most expensive restaurant in town. Great, I wondered what it could be. 
Jordan rushed into my office holding a fresh mug of coffee.
“Good morning, Miss DiAmore. I hope you had a nice evening last night.”
I took the mug. Looked at my monitor.
“Hi. Yes, nice evening,” 
I started sorting through emails, sipping my coffee. I had one hundred and eighteen unread emails in my inbox that morning. Oh well, I just added them to the other five hundred and sixty-seven.
“Miss DiAmore, I was wondering if I could leave an hour early today.”
I took my eyes off my monitor to sneer at Jordan. Jordan was easy to describe—always looked the same. Short brown hair cut above the ears and collar. Tan cotton pants, and a stiff button-down oxford shirt in blue or white with brown loafers. A man with hips and saggy man boobs, or a frumpy woman with a shadow of a mustache that always needed a closer shave. Either description worked.
To tell the truth, I didn’t know or care to know the gender of Jordan anyway—too much information. Jordan worked for me and that was all that counted. I didn’t need personal details about someone working for me. It made it harder to fire them.
I stopped looking her over, shook my head then looked her in the eyes as I leaned forward. “Leave an hour early? Come on! I need you to gather those data figures for me on the Delta project. It’ll take you all day, especially because that asshole Peter screwed everything up. God, sometimes I wonder how he got the position he did, what a waste of flesh. Depending on what those data figures tell me, I might have to fire his ass, but that’s beside the point.”
“Miss DiAmore, I need to be home by four o’clock. I’ll have those figures for you before lunch. You know I always produce what you need before you need it.”
Jordan’s reports were always on time, she made sure I never missed a meeting, and she always had my piping hot cup of coffee ready for me when I arrived in the morning.
I rolled my eyes and gave a big huff of annoyance. “Fine, but only if I get my stuff by lunch. Then you can leave at three thirty. I hope this doesn’t become a habit.” I looked back at my monitor and took another sip of coffee. 
“A habit?” 
I looked up again with authority in my eyes. Jordan settled down.
“Yes, Miss DiAmore, you’ll have your figures by noon. Thank you.”
My authority had been submitted to like it needed to be.
I needed to call Joe. I wondered what he had up his sleeve. He was so creative sometimes. Playing with him was still fun. His wife threw him out of the house a few months ago, so there was no gain in sending her a video now. Not being able to destroy his life took away the best part of the relationship.
Maybe I could mess him up some other way. I needed something to entertain me. Life was so dull sometimes.





“Dreams are today’s answers to tomorrow’s questions.”
Edgar Cayce
3
I returned home from my crazy Ninee Aysel’s, put the box on the counter, and made a cup of tea. While it was steeping, I went into the living room to get a note pad and twisted my back again when I slipped on a newspaper.
As I sipped the tea, I reflected on the meeting with Aysel and made notes to clarify my thoughts, just as I would solve problems at work. I examined the objects she gave me. It was surreal, as if I’d been tossed into another world. My back was throbbing. I jotted down the details and all the questions they raised.
Making notes didn’t help as it usually did. The notes only confirmed my discomfort with it all. I was now more nervous and had more questions with how obviously abnormal it all was. I tossed the pad and it smacked onto the marble countertop.
I went upstairs, cleaned out the tub, and put half a box of Epsom salts and half a bottle of bubble bath into it. Of course, everyone knows bubbles help keep the heat in the water. Plus, they smell good.
I stripped off my clothes, slid under the bubbles and into the heat. My back muscles relaxed.
Silence, drip, silence, drip, drip, silence, silence, silence. I played with the new rings on my fingers. I reached over to my pants on the floor, took out the stone, and held it. It seemed to vibrate. 
I heard my breathing diminish. My pulse beat slowly in my ear. My head moved ever so slightly with each slowing beat of my heart. I relaxed, felt the muscles in my legs, arms, and chest let go. I relaxed my face, neck, and even my eyelids. I recalled hearing that’s how one meditated. I didn’t know, but it felt good. They said you should stop all of your thoughts, too. I heard Aysel say, “Everything is exactly as it should be.” Yeah right. 
I tried to stop my thoughts, since none of them were making me feel better, just anxious and confused. I laid there with my eyes closed in the warm wet silence. I stopped thinking about the meeting.
Shh…no thinking. Needed groceries for tonight. Needed to get wine to bring over Phil’s place. Shh…no thinking. Shh...relax the muscles again. Quiet.
There. Ahh, colors…probably having eye problems now...colors gone—just black…relax…stop thinking…shh…silence, warm, relaxed… colors again…Shlunk! Whoosh!
I passed through a tunnel then saw a woman’s face inches before mine. Smiling, with raven black, full hair, cut to her shoulders, framing a soft loving face, greenish-brown smiling eyes. White bright teeth framed with luscious full lips.
Her look changed to one of empathy. A look that said, “It will be okay.” Who was she? Her lips didn’t move with an answer. Why was I seeing her? She had a resemblance to the picture at Aysel’s house. That’s probably why. Just my mind playing tricks.
Her soft loving voice said, “Find me, Sevilen. We need to be together to live life. We need to help and guide each other. This is our time to be as we were. This is our time to continue where we left off and to move the family and the planet forward.
“What happened to you in this life has happened for a reason. Now you can realize what the power of the universe is, the true power. You may have trouble accepting the teachings at first, but the universe will conspire to help you understand. It is time, it is your destiny, and I need your help. Be diligent, listen closely, have no fear.”
I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. She radiated a feeling that made me feel alive and loved.
She continued, “Yes, let it fade. Anger, fear, anxiousness, and boredom are all lower level emotions and have no place in your new world. You must release it and allow higher energies to replace it. The first place to begin is to love and treat yourself well. Don’t give up on the rest of life. Balance is the key. Heal yourself.”
Her image pulled back slightly, but she didn’t leave. She was cloaked in an ethereal, gossamer thin, indigo blue gown and had the shape of a goddess—slim yet shapely, with silken skin. She appeared to be about six or seven inches shorter than I was as I stood before her. She took my hands and placed them on her shoulders.
“Explore me, I am for you to savor, to feel what it is that makes true lovers attracted to one another.”
She slid my hands over her satiny curves. She moved toward me and settled against me. I smelled her hair so sweet and her skin like flower petals. We reclined; supported by something sensual and smooth, yet invisible. She wrapped her arms around me as we drifted. An energy of sorts gently flowed between and through us, as we seemed to merge forms. I was lost in her. I tried to analyze what was happening.
In a start, I woke in cold water. My back felt fine now and my body felt refreshed. What happened? Had I fallen asleep? Was it a dream? I remembered her face, her body, her voice, her love. Great. I was living in a fantasy world now.
I looked at the stone. It was glowing, from the water maybe, the way it made it shine. I held it tight. It felt comforting.
I heard her speak in my mind, “No, love, not a dream, a premonition of what is to come that was once before. Be patient, you need to help me in the earth plane. Be patient. Do things for yourself today. Love yourself. Good things will come.”
Shit, shit, shit! Making up voices in my head now. I stood, rinsed off, and got dressed.
I decided to listen to the woman in my dream and be good to myself today. Heck, why not? So what if I imagined all this stuff. I decided to get some tasty groceries like lobster and clams, and a good wine and cheese, and some exotic fruits for a start. Forget going to Phil’s. I wouldn’t be very social after this anyway. I needed to relax so clarity could return and replace this madness.





“It was all about wanting to get revenge. Pathetic really, but it still is the motivation.”
Julian Clary
4
“Juan Marco’s, Joe. Thank you. You must have something good to tell me.” I smiled and squeezed his hand as we followed the maitre d’ to our seats. Joe’s blue eyes flickered and he grimaced as if he’d been stabbed. What he was going to tell me couldn’t be good.
“Uh, Leyna, yeah...oh, here’s our table.”
Joe held my chair so I could tuck my dress under me. There was barely enough dress to tuck anyway, so I definitely needed both hands. Our table was private, in a corner by a window with curtains on the lower half that we could look over to the street. Perfect. A plan was taking shape.
“So what’s the special occasion?”
Joe ran a hand through his thick salt and pepper hair and smiled.
The waiter came over. “Would you like something to drink?”
I faked a smile. “Dirty Kettle One vodka martini, up, with cheese stuffed olives, extra dirty, like triple X-rated dirty. He’ll have the same.”
The waiter looked at Joe.
Joe shrugged. “Yeah, like the boss said.”
“Okay, out with it, what’s the occasion?”
Joe took a box out of his suit-coat pocket and handed it to me. It was wrapped in familiar paper and ribbon—from the same jewelry store many gifts for me came from. “For the most beautiful woman in the world.”
I looked at him wondering. The face he’d made earlier didn’t line up with him giving me a gift, unless it was a parting gift. The box was too big for a ring. What the hell was he up to?
I opened the wrapping and crumpled up the paper. The black velvet case opened to reveal a gold bracelet studded with emeralds. It was my favorite jewel, since it was the color of my favorite thing—money.
I stared at it in thought.
“Take it out and try it on. They said it would fit you.”
It was gorgeous and it did fit perfectly. Must have cost a bunch. I’d guess at least a couple thousand. I held it out and watched as it caught the light.
“Thanks, Joe. It’s beautiful.”
I leaned over and kissed him gently on the lips. “Now, tell me what’s up.”
Joe looked at me with an expressionless face. He was silent. He looked out to the street at a man and a woman passing by, arm in arm. He looked back at me and held my hand on the table, looking into my eyes.
“Uh, Leyna, I hope this doesn’t mean we can’t get together anymore. We’ll just have to be more careful. I mean, I’d terribly miss you and the fun we have together.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m back together with my wife. Sorry.”
I didn’t want to let him think it was a big deal, since I immediately knew what I wanted to do to him. I was right. The bastard. And he still wants to see me? Wouldn’t that be delightful for him? Men are such assholes. Like monkeys.”
I put my hand on his and smiled. “I’m so happy for you! That’s wonderful. Of course it won’t interfere with us. What we have is special.”
I slid my hand under the tablecloth and onto the thigh of his black silk pants where I scratched up and down with my long nails.
He put his hand on mine, as if he could stop me.
I leaned in to kiss him on the lips and forced my hand out from under his, moved it further up his leg and squeezed him. I whispered in his ear, “Oh Joe, I think that makes it even more exciting knowing you two are back together. Knowing you’ll always have to go home worn out from me and turn her down.”
“Two triple X-rated dirty martinis with cheese-stuffed olives.” The waiter placed them carefully before us and smiled at what was going on. I kept my hand on Joe and moved my arm back and forth so the waiter could imagine more, and I could further embarrass Joe. Joe’s eyes were wide as the waiter chuckled and left.
“Leyna, stop,” Joe whispered in my ear with no action to make me.
I stopped. “God, did you have to do that? Imagine what the waiter is thinking now.”
“Pretty exciting wasn’t it?” I leaned back, crossed my legs to the side of the table so he could see them, and bounced one high-heeled foot. Now you’ll be ready for a good long workout tonight.”
“I can’t tonight. My wife is coming over tomorrow morning to help me move out of the apartment. How about tomorrow? I’ll tell her I’m going out with the guys.” He leaned his muscled back firmly against the chair and adjusted his coat and tie looking stern. He sipped his martini. 
“Nice guy you are.” I unfastened another button on my dress so he could see the edge of my red, pushup bra and my flesh with the gold heart he gave me dangling between creamy cleavage. “Let’s have a couple more drinks, eat dinner, and see where we end up. I’ll bet you twenty bucks we end up at your place. Don’t worry. I’ll be gone before morning.”
We finished our drinks and ordered another round. He went to the men’s room and I put a powdered Viagra in his drink and stirred it up. He never tasted it.
We ordered dinner. Raw oyster appetizers followed by a four-pound Maine lobster we paired with a bottle of a New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc with a beautiful floral scent to it. It was wonderful. Joe helped me get the meat out of the shell and I helped Joe get the bone back in his meat. The Viagra made sure it would stay that way.
“Joe, I have brand new pink fuzzy handcuffs in my bag, one set for each wrist and one set for each ankle.”
“How can I resist you? You drive me wild.”
The monkey handed me twenty bucks.
“I always win, baby.” I put the twenty in my bag.
“But you have to be out of my apartment by nine tomorrow morning.” 
“Yeah, fine, you know I like to get home early anyway. As long as we can play all night, I won’t be so sad to go.”
I softly ran my index finger from his wrist to his elbow and rubbed his leg under the table with my five-inch heel. I brushed my tongue over my scarlet lips as he placed his hand on my upper thigh.
I walked in front of Joe while he carried his suit coat over his arm to hide the front of his pants. I teased him further while he drove to his place, making him crazy.
We arrived at his apartment and I ran into the bathroom to freshen up. I slipped my dress off and left on my sheer red teddy that barely covered my ass, which was fine because he’d see the red lace garter belt and suntan hose. I applied a thick layer of scarlet lipstick on my lips. Oh, this was going to be fun.
I touched up my makeup and hair. What a knockout. I got excited just looking at myself in the mirror. I turned on the cheap digital recorder I brought and slipped it in the back of my garter belt. 
I heard my favorite sex music playing from his booming speakers…smooth, sexy jazz. He knows how to set the mood all right. I came out of the bathroom and he had lit about twenty long taper candles. Joe’s chiseled, six foot three, hard body was naked on the bed with the Viagra showing how ready he was for me.
I sat next to him and crossed my legs. “I have a treat for you tonight, baby. Do you remember what I told you at dinner?”
“No, you bad girl. Remind me.”
“Come on, you remember. They’re pink and fuzzy.”
“Oh yeah, the new handcuffs. I thought I was going to strap you down and pleasure every inch of your luscious skin.”
“As wonderful as that sounds, I want to use them on you tonight. I want to please you, sweetheart, making this a night you’ll never forget. When you’re having a boring night at home with the wife, I want you to remember this night and how magnificent I made you feel.”
“God, Leyna, you are such a bitch. Bring it on! Make me shudder all over, baby!”
I put the cuffs on his wrists and ankles and clasped them to the bed securely. I tossed the four keys across the room and heard them clatter against the wall behind the dresser.
I kissed him all over, reapplying lipstick regularly, to be sure to leave good marks all over. When I was near the nightstand, I put the recorder on it, out of his vision. The blinking red light told me it was running.
“Sorry, I gotta pee. You’ll be here when I get back, right?”
“I’ll be ready for you. I love your sweet torture. I want you to ride me, baby. Drive me wild like you always do.”
“Yeah, we’ll see, sweetie. I’ll be right back. Hold tight.”
I looked at the bracelet he placed on my wrist at dinner. It shimmered even in the dim light of the uncovered light bulb that hung from the bathroom ceiling. He’d spent a fortune on it. Whatever. His loss.
I wrote a cute message on the mirror in my lipstick. 
“Thanks for the ride! ~ Your favorite girl.” His wife will love reading that.
I heard him whining, “Come back. I want you. I love your surprises, baby. So creative and sexy.”
I took my panties to the head of the bed. 
“I have to keep you quiet, since this is gonna drive you wild. Here comes the gag so you can yell out and not make lots of noise.”
I stuffed my red panties into his mouth and he accepted them willingly, his eyes showing his delight. I wrapped a spare stocking around his head and tied it to hold them in  place.
Joe started to wriggle on the bed in his secure restraints. “Mmm, uck me, leeze!”
“Okay, baby. Here I come. Tell me who’s your favorite girl.”
I climbed on the bed and we both made plenty of music for his wife to hear on the recorder.
Of course, the monkey fell asleep. I left him cuffed to the bed, panties in his mouth, and shut the recorder off, placing it where his wife would be sure to see it when she arrived.
I dressed and left the apartment door unlocked for his wife.
I had accomplished my objective and I had proven my dominance. I felt like a female black widow that eats the male after she’s used them. Smart insect. Gives the male true purpose—as food. 





“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.”
Socrates
5
What is that ringing? I was half-awake when I realized it must be the alarm. No, it’s Sunday. I picked up the phone.
“Hello?”
“Hello. This is Alexander Nefedov. I am, was, your great grandmother, Aysel’s, lawyer and financial administrator. Are you Sevilen Decarain?”
His voice was deep and commanding, yet respectful and gentle.
“Yes, that’s me.”
“Mr. Decarain, I am sorry to have to deliver this over the phone, but there is much to do. You see, your Ninee Aysel passed away last night. Evidently, in her sleep. The night before, she called to pick up some papers in the morning. She asked me to meet her at her house at seven, so I was concerned when no one answered. As it was, the door was open and I went inside. I found her and Emily lying peacefully, and quite cold, in her bedroom upstairs. I called the undertaker and, since you are the listed beneficiary of her assets, I have called you.”
“Beneficiary? Aysel and Emily are dead?”
“Yes, yes, so sorry.”
“I just saw her yesterday. Oh my God. She looked and acted fine and so did Emily...Aysel said she was going somewhere.”
I’d sensed it was the last time I’d see her, but I never thought her and Emily would commit suicide.
“Mister Decarain. Are you still there?”
“Yes, yes, what can I do?”
“Nothing right now. I will handle everything. You see, I have handled your family’s financial and other dealings for many years. If you choose to keep me, I would be honored to serve you, as I did Aysel and the others.”
“Of course, Mister…”
“Please, my lord, call me Alexander.”
“My lord? No. Call me Sevilen, Alexander.”
“Yes, Sevilen. I see you are like the others. You have humility and you are able to relate to the commoner.”
“I am a commoner.”
“Indubitably not, sir. There is one thing. Your Ninee left a handwritten note for you by her bedside. I can deliver it, or you can pick it up.”
“I’ll pick it up.”
“Okay. I will wait at the house for you and keep it safe until you arrive. Take your time. I can take care of things from here.”
“Thanks.”
“No thanks necessary, my lo...Sevilen.”
I raced to shower and dress, grabbing a handful of cashews on my way out the door for a quick breakfast. I had a feeling my life had taken a complete turn and would never be the same again. After yesterday, and now this guy calling me lord, it was as if I was on a runaway freight train.
I drove up the switchback driveway, through the oaks, up the hill to the house. Oh my God had it changed. Gutters hanging down, broken front porch, slate stairs in disrepair sliding down the hill with the railing lying on top of them. The griffins lay on their sides. I made my way to the door, walked over the holes in the porch, and went to pull the bell cord that wasn’t there. I tried to knock on the door as it opened.
“Lord Sevilen. I am Alexander.”
Six foot six, dark skinned with black hair and eyes. His warm smile softened an otherwise intimidating exterior. He wore an impeccable black wool pinstriped suit. His firm handshake was connected to his eyes as he looked deeply into mine, took my arm in his other hand, and shook it. He smiled at me as if we were old friends.
“Lord Sevilen…I’m uncomfortable with that title.”
“Sorry, sir, I am not used to addressing a person of your abilities and stature any differently, but I can learn. It does not help that you look like someone I’d always called lord. Please forgive me.”
“Yes, forgiven. Go on.”
“I am so pleased to meet you and to have the honor of continuing my services. Please come in and I will show you.” He was nearly bubbling with excitement rather than filled with grief.
I stepped through the doorway and into the scent of a dark, dank old house. There was no trace of Aysel’s fragrance or the homey scents that welcomed me yesterday.
The room where she’d danced was worn and tattered. A stained and oxidized silver tea set sat on the coffee table. Alexander motioned for me to sit on the ragged horsehair couch by the decayed coffee table. He sat beside me and took a stack of papers from the table.
His dark eyes radiated warmth and caring. He smiled and paused as if he couldn’t believe I was there. “It is so good to meet you. You cannot imagine how pleased I am to be working with you.”
Grinning, he stared at me for a moment, and then focused on the papers. “This is a listing of the assets that will be passed to you. It is only a portion of the wealth of the family legacy, but it is the portion used by the Designated One. You are the Designated One now. Lady Aysel was the Designated One until her passing. The rest of the assets of the family are in a trust for access by any other family member, should the need arise. However, it is not usually touched, as all have to make their way. The Designated One requires the portion they have as a resource to aid them in their duties.”
Designated One? I looked at the list. Stocks and bonds, gold and silver, major holdings in major corporations, cash in different currencies, all with a value listed. Huge amounts. I flipped to the last page of the spreadsheet. My heart raced.
“Is that true? Those assets?”
“Yes, sir. Of course, they are already worth more than when that was printed. I presented you with a file copy instead of taking the time to print a new one. I hope you don’t mind.”
“Tell me the number. How much?”
“Somewhere around seventy-seven billion.”
“Billion? And that’s only part of it?”
“The part that goes to you, the rest fuels the main fund and is a backup for this fund.”
“Seventy-seven b-b-b-billion. What could anyone possibly do with all of that money?”
“First, quit your job. Then perform the duties of the Designated One.”
“Quit my job? What the hell? This is all so overwhelming. What does a Designated One do?”
“You’ll know what to do,” Alexander said quite matter-of-factly. I looked at him as I tried to make sense of things. His big eyes blinked slowly. I looked around the house.
“Alexander, why is the house such a wreck? Yesterday it was perfect.”
“Aysel was rather frugal. Since her magic was so powerful, she never needed to take care of physical things. She created whatever she wanted.”
“Magic? So she didn’t look fortysomething?”
“She looked however she intended to. She could change your perception of her or change her physical body. You see, Lady Aysel was highly developed spiritually. She had learned everything there was to know. In the eastern terms, they would say she was the fully opened lotus, or Samadhi. She is a magi, mystic, messiah, a god in her own right. She could heal, walk on water—use the laws of nature to her desire.”
He waited for me to respond, but I couldn’t. I stared at him with my jaw hanging. He loosened his tie, nodded, and went on.
“Einstein’s equation of E=MC squared—energy (E) equals mass (M) times the speed of light (C) squared—says that matter and energy are the same, one can be converted to the other. She could do that and she tapped into the universe’s energy the way the Designated One always has. She could increase her will stream to equal to her consciousness stream and thus tap into any other consciousness and create changes.”
“You mean like change peoples’ perceptions or memories?”
His eyebrows rose. “Very good, my lord. Excuse me, sir, Sevilen. Your obvious education and intelligence will do you well.” He patted my shoulder like a proud father and continued.
“If you’re interested, there are a number of good sources to help your engineering brain better understand this. Dr. Evan Harris Walker is the author of ‘The Physics of Consciousness’. He has a doctorate in Physics and has made major contributions in astronomy, physics, neurophysiology, psychology and medicine, and founded the Walker Cancer Institute. He has published over a hundred papers in scientific journals and holds a dozen patents. He speaks of the will stream and the consciousness stream.
“Then there is ‘The Seat of the Soul’ by Gary Zukav, a quantum physicist. There are many other resources, as well, to help validate and explain the way Aysel and her kind do these things. Quantum physics has come close to explaining this phenomenon, as our consciousness wouldn’t exist without a quantum exchange. Does this help any?”
“I guess. It sounds pretty out of this world, though I do like your scientific approach to the answer.”
“Lady Aysel said I should learn these things for you, since you were an engineer and might feel better in the world of science. Don’t worry, there is a saying that when the student is ready, the teacher will appear. I believe you are ready, or Aysel would not have given you the things she did.”
Alexander reached into his suit pocket. With both hands and a bow of his head, he presented a folded piece of old linen stationary. The kind someone would write a love letter on years ago, years before the days of e-mail and phones, when it took days to deliver. Then, when it finally arrived, the reader connected to their lover through the handwriting, the essence they may have scented it with, and the saturation of the writer’s love.
I caressed the linen, a faded yellowish color. I opened it. It had a hand painted rose at the top. The handwriting made me melt. It was a formal, graceful scroll of penmanship, impeccably feminine and beautiful to look at. The kind of script no one has time to learn today. I brought it to my nose, nothing. After a moment, I began to read it to myself.
Sevilen,
I was so pleased to see you today. I am leaving this note just as a reminder that all is as it should be. Do not mourn me. I’m fine. We will meet again very soon. Now you have all the resources, and you are the Designated One. Learn well. Trust Alexander as I have.
Love and Light,
 Aysel
As I read the last words, I smelled Aysel’s lavender and frankincense fragrance. I sniffed the paper and it wasn’t there. I sniffed the air. Alexander put his hand on my shoulder.
“Lady Aysel put her energy into that note and where her energy goes, so will her fragrance. Just as some say that when an angel is near, one can smell sweetness. It is an indication of their ethereal abilities.”
“Why would she and Emily commit suicide? She seemed to have everything, along with youth.”
“It wasn’t suicide. They only gave up their mortal shell. Answers will come. You’ll see, my lord. Sorry...Sevilen.” Alexander still looked joyous, as if he had met a long-lost friend. His happiness radiated. It was a little unsettling.
“Don’t be unsettled, my lord. Relax.”
Did he just read my mind?
“Is there a museum room upstairs?”
“Yes, I suppose you could call it that.”
“Can I go see it again?”
“You can do whatever you’d like. Everything here is yours. You are the Designated One.”
“Would you come with me?”
“I’d be honored.”
I folded the letter from Aysel and placed it in my pocket as we both started upstairs, following the path Aysel and I had taken the day before. The door looked the same; the only thing that hadn’t decayed.
“Do you have her rings, Alexander? The key was in the ring, I think.”
Alexander chuckled and said, “No…you have the key.”
“I don’t. Aysel waved her hand over it. It must have been an electronic key in her ring. I don’t have it.”
Alexander smiled and patted me on the shoulder.
“I forget you don’t remember yet. This isn’t an earthly key or some mechanical or electrical connection. You are one of the few who can open it. You need to only think it open. Feel inside for the hidden bolts, which no one can reach, and slide them open. It’s very simple for you.”
I stood staring at him with what I’m sure was a lost look on my face. For long enough, I guessed, because he took my hand and waved it over the door.
“Like that. See the bolts inside. See them move as you pass your hand over. You can. Feel it, don’t think it. Trust me. Remember?” 
Alexander seemed to be enjoying this and was quite patient. I waved my hand and felt silly. Nothing. I waved again. Nothing. I looked at the door and closed my eyes. I could see the bolt inside. I pointed at it and motioned with my finger. I saw it move inside, and I heard a CLUNK. I flipped my finger back, CLUNK.
I looked at Alexander and he laughed. “Very good. Now do it with your eyes open. You don’t want to have to close your eyes every time you use your skills.”
I did as he asked and sure enough, the door unlocked. He turned the crystal knob and opened it.
The room was almost empty this time. There were only two paintings on the wall. One of myself, or the old namesake, and the one next to it that I passed by yesterday.
“Where did it all go?”
“You haven’t uh…downloaded it yet, so to speak. You will. The two portraits are here because you’ve downloaded them. The rest of the items were here due to Lady Aysel. Did Lady Aysel show you these?”
“Just the one that looks like me.” 
“Then you already had information given to you if you can see the other. Let’s look closer.”
We walked past the monitor and it again said “CLOSE DOOR”, which Alexander did. I walked up to the raven-haired painting. As I approached, I saw the gossamer, indigo blue, ethereal gown. It revealed her form completely. I looked into her eyes, at her lips, her skin.
“She’s real? I had a dream about her yesterday.”
“She’s very real. Her name, as well as yours, is the same as they were in the 1400s. Leyna and Sevilen.”
“Her name is Leyna?”
He looked me in the eye to be sure I heard him correctly and went on. “Yes, Leyna. She’s somewhere on this planet, but there’s a problem, for she is as you were yesterday. Unaware. She hasn’t fully developed her potential yet. You have some of your powers, once you waken to them, an inheritance if you will, from the Sevilen in the painting. An inheritance worth much more than your monetary assets. Did she say something in the dream?”
“Yes, a lot, but mainly that I needed to find her.”
“You will. Aysel will help. You two were together before. In order to help her, you’ll need to take her through the gates, of which there are seven. It seems she can’t get past the third and totally misuses the abilities she has obtained from one and two. Then, the two of you will be again as you were, and a powerful force for good.”
“Gates?”
“Gates. Doors. Have you heard of Chakras?”
“Some. New age nonsense, isn’t it?”
“No, more like ancient. It will be in your downloads, I’m sure.”
I glanced at the paintings again. They were definitely something to behold. I looked around the room at the other blank walls staring back as if I had stolen their property. Download, hmm.
“Well, Alexander, when is this download supposed to occur?”
“I am not certain, sir. You’ll know when it happens.”
“Well, what should I do?”
“Whatever you wish.”
“Give me a hint. What would you do?”
“Hmm, I think I would fix this house back up.” He gazed around the parlor. “Physically, that is. So you can present it properly to your visitors. I would also prepare a resignation letter and terminate your present employment. I would keep that stone and those rings with you always, purchase some new clothes, and a new vehicle. Aysel didn’t use vehicles, but it’s good to not always rely on magic, especially now when it would be too much strain for you to manage all that. Lastly, I’d say, ‘Alexander, my friend and loyal assistant, please take care of these things for me.’ And I shall.”
He stood there smiling, as I perceived his warmth, loyalty, and caring. I couldn’t help but like him, imposing as he might seem. What choice did I have really? My instinct said to trust him implicitly.
He tilted his head as I stared blankly at him.
He asked, “Sir?”
I ignored him, lost in thought. 
“Sir? Are you okay? It will all make sense soon.”
“Yes, of course. I’m fine. Please, Alexander. Handle it for me.”
He smiled and pulled his shoulders back, took my right hand in his, put his left hand on my forearm and shook my hand vigorously. “Good choice, my lo...I mean...I shall begin forthwith, sir.”





“Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.”
Dean Acheson
6
I was walking down to Zenali, the local jewelry store one block from my apartment. My heels clicked on the sidewalk and the sand crushed beneath my soles. Like the way I crush the men I’m done with.
I drove my inherent might into my stride and caught the looks of the men approaching as they checked me out in my dark, pinstriped power suit, with short skirt and high heels. I’d have to pick one to entertain me soon, but not today.
With my emerald bracelet in hand, I walked into the familiar storefront, which I visited often. There’s only one narrow aisle with clear glass display cases on each side. They were lined with red velvet, on which rested beautiful rings, watches, bracelets, necklaces, and gemstones that sparkled under the fluorescent lights. On the other side of the display was just enough room for the salesperson to open the cases.
This was an old-fashioned store, open for seventy-five years and maintained over the years by the direct descendants of the original owner. Zenali is the only jeweler for me. If I don’t see it, they can order it. If they can’t order it, they can have it created, and I have made some strange requests over the years.
I made my way to the back of the store where the owners sat sipping cappuccino. Their little Shih Tzu dog was sound asleep in his bed behind the main counter. The owner, Zito, greeted me with a hug and pats on my back and I willingly reciprocated the warm gesture. His jovial smile and affectionate welcome always made me feel right at home.
His wife, Mary, appeared from the back room, and smelled like fresh, sweet, bread dough. That smell always made me think they were running an underground bakery in the back. She hugged me with equal affection as her husband, making me feel appreciated for more than just the money. I smelled Realm cologne. I spun around and saw Louie peek out from behind the display case he was cleaning. What a fine specimen. At five feet, ten inches, one hundred and seventy pounds, he was luscious.
Wavy, thick hair as black as the night, combed back perfectly, feathered on either side, but soft, not greasy. Mesmerizing eyes with their deep, chocolate brown color, which combined with his olive skin tone, made him appear like an Italian god. Wow, did I want him. Nevertheless, he was gay, very gay. Trust me, there was no converting him. I’d tried several times. He knew and appreciated one of the reasons why I frequented this shop was to look at him, enjoy his scent, and the sight of his lean body.
“Hello, Leyna.”
“Hello, Louie. Looking beautiful as ever, of course.”
“Oh, if only you were a man,” he replied with a crooked smile that melted me every time I saw it.
“Well, some say while I look like a beautiful woman on the outside, I have very masculine qualities on the inside.”
A boyish grin spread across his face, and he shook his head. Wiping his brow, he turned around to draw my attention back to his parents.
“Sorry, Mary and Zito. I was distracted yet again by the beauty of your…um…fine jewels.” We all laughed. 
“That’s okay,” Mary replied, with the same crooked smile her son flashed me moments ago. “What brings you in today, sweetie?”
“I received this bracelet and, frankly, I don’t want it. It was given to me as a gift and I don’t like it. Can you take a look and tell me what it’s worth so I can exchange it for something wonderful?”
“But, Leyna, this is beautiful, and emeralds are your favorite. Why give up such a precious piece? He was such a nice man, too.” Zito looked forlorn.
“It’s a long story. I just want rid of it. Can you please give me the money for it? I’m in kind of a hurry. I’ll start browsing through your stuff here.”
“Okay, sweetheart. I’ll do it right away. You’re always in a hurry, you know. You need to relax and slow down, enjoy your life because time passes quickly,” Zito advised, as he often did.
I rolled my eyes at him. “Yes, Zito, go, go, go, that’s me. But it’s what made me the success I am today. I don’t have time to stop and smell the roses. I don’t even like roses anyway, they make me sneeze.”
While perusing the jewelry, trying to find the perfect piece to make everyone envy my new purchase, a chill ran up and down my spine. I wasn’t cold when I came into the store. As soon as I dismissed the feeling, it happened again, and this time a whisper accompanied it, “Leyna.” It was a woman’s voice, soft and soothing like a sigh. I looked around and only saw Mary, Zito, and Louie going about their business. “Leynaaa.” The whisper made me shudder. I tried to shake it off, but again, “Leynaaa.” I whipped around quickly and shouted, “What?”
Mary rushed over to see what was wrong. I dismissed her concern and focused my eyes on the most wonderful thing I had ever seen. 
“What’s this?”
“Oh, it’s an old broken crystal or something like that…parasite or tambourine. We normally don’t carry that kind of low class stuff, but it came with some impressive jewelry from a very wealthy estate. It looks broken and discolored. Maybe I should just take it out of the case.” She seemed annoyed it was in there to begin with.
“No! It’s beautiful.” I was drawn to the strange stone. It was multicolored with a predominance of green and gold, but had every color in the rainbow plus purple, white, and silver. It appeared to have been in a setting at one point and the shape was somewhat of an irregular teardrop. Maybe half a heart.
“What are you talking about, Leyna?” Louie looked at me confused. He moved to my side to examine the crystal more closely. “This is not your style, pretty girl. It looks like a piece of broken beach glass, forgotten by everyone but the sea. Nobody will admire that on you.”
“I agree with you, but look at it. Can’t you feel it? A vibration is radiating from it. I have to hold it in my hands. Louie, get it out for me would you?”
Reluctantly, he walked behind the case containing the estate jewelry and retrieved the stone for me. When he placed it in my hand, a sharp, but very brief, shock came from it, almost like a jolt you feel from static electricity. I dropped the stone to the oriental carpeted floor.
“What the hell is this?” Despite the surprise jolt, I was strangely energized. I needed to have it.
Mary looked at my face, concerned. “Leyna, are you okay? What happened? Maybe you should sit down, you look flushed.”
“Oh no, I need to have the stone. How much?” 
I picked it up from the floor and felt the vibration reverberating from its smooth surface. Immediately, there was a rush of something starting at my fingertips and moving up through my hands and arms. What is this blissful feeling? It’s luscious. Much better than the feelings guys had given me. I rubbed my index finger over the jagged edge, thinking it must have been broken, maybe right in half, but where was the other part?
“I need to have this. Please, how much? Mary?”
Mary shook her head in frustration. “I don’t even know how it got into the case; let alone how much it’s worth.”
“Forget it. Keep the bracelet. I’ll take this crystal instead.”
I turned and rushed out of the store, eager to take my find away. As I ran away from the three shopkeepers, who were calling after me, I ran into a homeless man with missing teeth. Brown slime leaked from the gaps, down his chin.
I yelled, “Watch it, buddy! I have nothing for you!”
“Slow down, lady, and enjoy your new gift. It’s time for you to change and discover the true meaning of your life.”
As I rushed off, I looked back thinking, “How strange is that? That leech knew I had found something. He must have been gawking at me through the window. The true meaning of my life. What is the true meaning of my life?”






“The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not entirely absurd; indeed in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind, a widespread belief is more likely to be foolish than sensible.”
Bertrand Russel
7
Alexander was taking care of things for me. It was amazing how well he handled everything. He was a lawyer, financial administrator, and general contractor with skilled trades he used to refurbish the house, and a truly loyal and trustworthy friend.
In the little time I’d known him, he impressed me beyond belief with his calm and grace. On top of it all, it was as if we’d always had this relationship. I’d make sure he was well taken care of, since I couldn’t imagine ever losing him.
Every time I recalled the fantasy lady from my dream, I was overwhelmed with a feeling of love I’d never felt before. It was bliss to connect to feelings so powerful and overwhelming. It wasn’t real, but it definitely affected me. 
If she were real, now that would be a dream come true. For now, I’d just enjoy the feelings.
I quit my job and started my quest to find what exactly a Designated One was and what I was supposed to do. I was to be a man of leisure, or so I assumed, as my life flowed forward into its new and very different waters. I didn’t know what a Designated One did, but it couldn’t be too hard.
No more difficult than my last identity as Vice President of Corporate Manufacturing Development and Optimization. After working so hard to create that identity, I did feel somewhat of a loss. Now I needed to do what I always did when confronted with a problem or situation I didn’t comprehend. I needed to learn everything I could about it. Like my father used to say, “You live your life learning then you die a dummy.” That’s a major part of what life is for, isn’t it? Learning. Although most people would prefer to watch TV instead.
A multitude of paradigms and beliefs I was raised with would need to be reshaped. What better thing could I do than learn about these things? I decided to go to the bookstore where I’d previously found so many answers and spent so much time. It was one of my favorite things to do when I had time to spend, and it seemed I had plenty of that right now.
It was snowing as I left the mansion. Alexander was hard at work again, busy on his cell phone, two contractors waiting to speak to him as they stood with their tools in their hands.
I passed the stonemasons in front, resetting the slate slabs. I looked back at the griffins. They were propped up against a retaining wall and seemed to be happy. Happy as a griffin could be, I guess. I peered closely, using the sight Alexander had taught me. Nothing inside of them like the doors, but they seemed to have a life of sorts, a consciousness to them. I sensed they longed to be reset into their places and take up their relentless vigil.
I slid into my car while workers continued their repairs to the masonry around the fountain. The ride went by and I didn’t even notice it, my mind was so busy trying to figure out what to research first, and how to find it. I walked into the empty store on that Tuesday morning and felt the rush of warm air as the familiar scent of books filled my nostrils.
I bought a double espresso to browse with, since I planned to be there a while. I loved the smell of the coffee and the buzz it gave me. I took it into the vast book stacks, trying to decide where to start. Strangely, the stone in my pocket started to vibrate lightly. Why? Was she near?
I was preoccupied, looking around the store for the woman from my dream, when I almost ran into a homeless person. He smelled awful and his clothes were ripped. Open sores were on his face, and his teeth were rotten and crooked—what few teeth he had.
He was hunched over, sneering up at me, his eyes locked on mine. I flinched as I returned his gaze. I tried to compose myself, so as not to insult him.
“Excuse me, sir. My apologies, I must not have been paying attention.”
He grabbed my arm and stood up straight, looking around the store to see if anyone was watching. He sprayed me with spit as he spoke.
“Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels unawares. That’s from Hebrews 13:1,2.” His grin was evil, yet somehow familiar, and then he asked, “Should I dance?” He looked at my coffee, wiped his dribble, looked up at me, and pointed at my cup. I handed it to him and he slugged it down, put the cup on the shelf, and then took my arm again.
He looked around to confirm our privacy then changed before my eyes. He literally morphed. He was a young lady now with the same hair, eyes, and smell I remembered so well.
She wore high-heeled boots, light blue jeans with studded pockets, and a ribbon belt and gold glitter top. She had on an open pea coat with a glittery pink cashmere scarf. She was nothing less than lovely and appeared to be about twenty-five years old.
“Oh my God. Can you be real?”
I nearly fainted as she wrapped her arms around me for support.
“That’s why I grabbed you. You’re so emotional. Of course it’s me, silly. I look more the way I like. Before, I was looking and acting a bit older for you so you felt more comfortable. Now I don’t need to.”
Once I was able to stand on my own, Aysel gave me a big sweet hug and a kiss on my cheek.
“You feel real. I saw your withered old body, dead. I went to your funeral. Kissed your cold cheek.”
“My poor Sevi, of course you did. That was just the body I occupied, like some clothing. You saw my true body age when I was in that casket. I stuck around a long time for you to be ready, sweetie. Now I’m free.”
She flipped her hair back and adjusted her scarf. I breathed in her lavender and frankincense fragrance. I couldn’t believe my eyes. She was solid and real. I glanced around; there was no one nearby, just an attendant putting discount labels on books at the front of the store. I touched Aysel’s hair.
“Sevi. I am as real as you are right now, real in your limited sense of the word. We are all eternal. Just the body dies, like changing clothes. And once you figure it all out, you can have a body or not, in any form you want and you don’t have to grow it from scratch. I happen to have a particular attraction to this one for some reason. Like a favorite coat. It fits me.”
She twirled around like a ballet dancer, but stumbled a bit, her boot sticking on the carpet. “Oops!”
I caught her arm and kept her from falling.
“Thanks.” She pulled me toward her and gave me another hug.
“I love loving you. You’re so cute. Oh, and you did so well with the ugly homeless man, so proper, polite, and respectful. Nice bible quote, don’t you think? You looked stunned, though, I almost burst out laughing.” She giggled like a teenager. 
I laughed, too. “Aysel. You are something else.”
“And you love me. Thanks, Sevi, I love you. So you think you’ll find the answers about me, Leyna, and the stone in the bookstore?”
“What choice do I have? I thought it was the best way. Why? Is there another way?”
“Silly Sevi, Silly Sevi, Silly Sevi, I did it! You try! Say ‘Silly Sevi’ three times fast, come on!”
“Are you okay, Aysel?” She giggled again and stamped her feet. Some way for a Designated One to act, I thought.
“You mean, was I smoking something? No, dear, I’m just high on life now. I’m so relieved to have brought you safely to this stage. When you get to my level, some may think you’re absolutely mad. This new world is so much fun for me after my sheltered early life. It makes me a little silly sometimes, though. Where was I?”
“Silly Sevi.”
“No, no, no…why did I say that?”
“I thought you knew everything.”
“Yes, I do, but why should I put forth the effort when I can ask you?”
“I think you called me silly because I came here to learn.”
“Ah, yes. Of course. You see, I’ll teach you everything you need to know. Alexander called it a download.”
“Yes he did. So, how do I do this download?”
“You do it however you want. Do you want to be purged through white flames, jump into an abyss, or meet the seven gatekeepers? They can be really scary. Fun, though. Or, maybe a journey through the seven rings of cosmic consciousness, or a ride through a rainbow, or pass through the doors of knowledge.”
Looking around the bookstore and then back at me with wide eyes, she pulled my head down and whispered, “The doors are pretty cool. They have ancient symbols that represent them and it’s pretty easy to pass in and out, since there isn’t usually any fear. I recommend the doors for a first pass. Of course, you could just be taught. There are many ways. What do you think? I’m game for anything, as you might have guessed.” Aysel laughed.
I had to laugh with her, which made me feel connected to her again. “Aysel. You make me feel so good all the time. Even with this weird new age stuff you talk about.”
“Sevi, not new age…old age…ancient, as a matter of fact. Get it right. The only reason no one thinks it’s old, is because the churches suppressed it for so long. They don’t want anyone to know these things because then they can’t control the people. So, you ready?”
“Uh, I guess.” 
Aysel gave a final look around, wrapped my arm around her shoulders and put her arm around my waist. “Hang on, this will feel a little weird to you, being your first time, but no fear or it won’t work. Okay?”
“How can I fear anything when I’m with —”
Swoosh. I had a sensation as if my whole body vaporized. The molecules of my body spread apart and I seemed to dissipate into the air. I still had consciousness, though it seemed I shouldn’t. I felt like electricity: warm, glowing, blissful actually, as if I was a vibrating entity of sorts. Much like trying to describe a color, it’s difficult to articulate the sensation accurately.
I was aware of Aysel with me, separate, but both as one. I felt loved and one with Aysel and with the books on the shelves and the person in front of the store and the sky above, which I saw as we flew up through the roof and toward the sun above the clouds.
We flew at tremendous speed. In only seconds, we’d crossed the Atlantic. Then we slowed dramatically and flew beneath the parting cloud layer. Europe was below. I saw the boot of Italy as we approached. I could see Spain, France, and heading further north and west, Scotland. 
We swept lower and then flew at breakneck speed over the hillsides like a missile. We slowed and floated like a cloud. Then, ever so gently, we descended into what appeared to be a chapel. The heavy density of my body wrapped around me again. Back in form and shape, we stood there. I smelled Aysel, felt her arms holding me close, and I appreciated why one would want a body.
“Yes, Sevi, so luscious is the form of the body, isn’t it?” Aysel said as she released me and stood facing me in all her loveliness. “You don’t know it until you leave and come back, like so many things. We need the dichotomy to perceive the differences. Love and hate, cold and hot, both ends of a spectrum. Not one would exist without the other nor would anything in between. All has to be, to perceive any. See?”
“I think so. One can’t perceive pleasure without pain, and so on.”
“Yes, very true. You have it. Evil is necessary for good to exist. All in life must balance out. The universe is the ultimate accountant with t-charts balancing the world. When one looks at life this way, there is no evil, just the opposing force of good. It simply is as it is, and as it should be, so the other end of it and all that is in between can exist.”
I looked around the chapel. It appeared very old, adorned with unusual and elaborate symbols and stone workings. Stone faces stared at me from their places on the walls. Symbols and two knights riding on a single horse were illuminated by the sunlight on the stained glass window.
I smelled, and felt, the age of the place. It was strangely imbued with some kind of energy. I looked at myself to see that I was still solid. I was. Aysel was patient as I took it all in and adjusted from our trip.
“Sevi, this is built on an older site of the Mercury oracle. The Druids had this site originally. This building was privately constructed in the mid-fifteenth century, when the church was suppressing anything esoteric, since it was a threat to their control. 
“It is incomplete, as it has only the choir finished, but the information contained herein is much more than in any bookstore. However, it would take a lifetime, and maybe more, for a normal mortal to acquire the information. Gaining true knowledge, as opposed to gaining information, is done experientially. The best way to do that isn’t through logic.”
“You mean, logically studying this building and its objects won’t work in obtaining this information?”
“The information you could get using logic, over a lifetime of study is similar to reading books. Information only, isn’t what we want. We want knowledge, knowing. The knowing comes from the energy, the source within us and the source of the universe, which are both the same.” Aysel paused, allowing me to think it through.
“Okay, so knowing comes from the source and happens experientially.”
She smiled. “Yes, like sorcery, which means working with the source.”
“Ah, makes sense. Go on. You’ve got my attention.”
“This site is on an energy vortex and has the energy of the seventh and highest level. That’s why we’re here. You already have most of the knowing of the six previous developmental gates, or sites as it may be; you’ve gained them over your multiple lives. You had them in the 1400s when you were incarnated in human form then.
“The reason you are who you are is from that knowing. From your experiences over many lives, prior even to the Sevilen in the painting. You are a very old soul. All you need now is to open to the seventh and your awareness of all the previous knowing will reestablish itself in your mortal form. You will then be who you are meant to be, the person you intended from the man in the old painting of yourself, the man with the raven-haired Lady Leyna, the woman from your dream.”
“I’ve been around that long and have that much inside of me? This Leyna, too?” I took a deep breath.
“Yes, and once you’ve passed through, you’ll be able to guide her to her destiny by your side as you intended so many years ago. You’ll then be a force for good in the universe, bringing the knowledge and lessons to others, raising the energy level of the planet as others like you do.” 
“Others like me?”
“Yes, I am one, and there are many more, some rich in financial wealth and some not. It’s their choice as to how they want to work in this world. In any case, somewhere around a thousand of us right now.”
“And they look normal and all?”
“Don’t I look normal and all? Silly Sevi.” She stood on her toes and planted a kiss on me then giggled. “Do I have an extra eye on my forehead? I could if it would make you feel better. It would be so hard to apply makeup properly, though, don’t you think?” 
I stood in the damp chapel and looked at the walls again. Aysel continued to explain.
“That face is the face of Cernunnos by one name, though he has others. He is the male aspect of God and represents the sun, motivation, power, and so on. He is a pagan entity. The ring you now wear on your left hand is of him. The Christians would recognize him as Satan. They stole him to create fear. Fear management you know. There are elements here from many religions, since all have their own way of representing the mysteries.
“This is also a memorial to the Knights Templar, who protected the spiritual pilgrims on the path between Compostela, Spain, the first gate, and here at Rosslyn, the seventh gate. The two knights on horseback are a symbol of the brotherhood of the Templars.
“This site was also built as a repository of the knowledge the Christians were in the habit of destroying, such as labeling Cernunnos as Satan, and killing off the Templars and anyone else they called heretic. But, all of this is just history.
“What we will do today is couple you to that energy of the seventh gate so you can proceed with your duties. If you’re ready and comfortable with it, I can start now. You decided to use the gate keeper and the fire method, correct?” Aysel was grinning, playing with me.
“No, the doors.”
Aysel snickered. “I know. Okay, we’ll go into the vault. Hold my hand.”
I clasped her tiny hand in mine, felt her soft skin, and smelled her familiar smell. As the scents grew stronger around and inside of me, she looked into my eyes with her bright green eyes then closed them. Her eyelids fluttered a bit like butterflies, a rush of current went through me, and Aysel’s form dissolved, as did mine.
I saw a profusion of colors around me and we passed through into a corridor. Aysel held my hand as we reformed into our bodies. We were standing in a stone tunnel. Brightly burning torches lit the passageway. I smelled the earthen floor and felt the dirt  beneath my feet. 
“Wow! I don’t know if I’ll ever get used to that.”
“Sevi, c’mon. You’ll get used to it. The energy matter translation can be disturbing, but it’s not much different than getting used to the feeling of true love when you haven’t had it. Like Leyna’s love you’ve already had a touch of.”
“Yes, another powerful, unusual sensation. But that felt nicer than this. Changing back and forth between matter and energy makes my skin crawl.”
“You’ll get used to it, my love, you will. Trust me again.”
I turned from Aysel and looked down the corridor. The door was directly ahead of us. It was flanked by two enormous pillars, one of quartz and one of amethyst. They were incredible. I had never seen crystals this large anywhere.
I counted the torches. There were seven. The door looked very similar to the one at the mansion that guarded the museum, but with different symbols on it. Aysel led me across the well-worn, dirt floor toward the last door. 
“Did everyone like us come through here? The floor is so well worn.”
“Not all, as I said there are different methods. This is a popular one and thousands have been here over the centuries.”
“Then why are there only about a thousand on earth now, if there were thousands through here before us?”
“Like anything else, people get bored, so they move on to higher planes. If there were too many, the world would be out of balance as well, though a few more might be good these days.”
We reached the door. It now appeared to be made of stone, not wood, but as I looked at it, it started to change. It glowed white, gold, and violet and was excruciatingly beautiful to behold. I was so small and insignificant next to the significance it seemed to have—like a crayon sketch next to the finest art in the world.
It started to make sound. From my music lesson days, I thought the note was a very high B, and it was pure and unfettered as it emanated and filled my being. An image formed in the swirling colors of a lotus blossom with an uncountable number of petals. The smell of lavender and frankincense was overwhelming. I looked at Aysel and sniffed her hair.
“Sevi, it isn’t perfume. I never wear perfume. You smell the source of the energy I’ve been using and we stand at its gate.” She squeezed my hand and looked back at the door. Images appeared that I didn’t recognize.
Aysel narrated the images. “The European gods, Mercury, Hermes, African gods, Osiris, or Ausar, Olodumara, Indian gods, Shiva, and Varuna, they and more all come from this energy. They were Designated Ones like us, before they got bored.” The show continued, Aysel waved her hand before it and it went back to the colors.
“We don’t need the full show, just the energy and the download.” Aysel laughed and let my hand go. She positioned me directly in front of the door and stood behind me.
“Stay still and don’t get angry with me, though I know you can’t since you’re above that, but trust me, this is the easiest way to do this. Kinda like getting into a cold swimming pool.”
The bottom of her boot poked into my butt as she literally shoved me through the doorway. I could hear her laugh as she did so. Then, I was lost.
The sound was so loud it filled my being, but didn’t hurt. The light so bright, it should have vaporized me and maybe it did. I tried to bring my consciousness to perceive what was there, but it was overwhelming. It seemed to enter me through the top of my skull and my head was itching terribly there, if I had a head.
I looked around and there was no way to perceive a direction, up, down, or back and forth, and I couldn’t see my way back. I should have panicked, but didn’t. I absorbed the trust and love Aysel always gave me. I stopped thinking for a moment. The sound quieted and the perfume lessened.
I thought of my body, I now had one. I thought of my body as a child and I became it. I thought of my body as a woman and I was one. Whoa! I switched back to my normal body.
I thought of Leyna. She was before me instantly. She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me. I got lost in her. When I tried to understand what happened, she disappeared. I had thought of her and she was there. Could I create an object?
I thought of an apple, one was now in my hand. I bit it. It was real, or appeared to be.
I thought of stars and planets in a swirling universe and they were all around me. Did I create them, or did I go there? I wished them gone and the universe left. I thought of love and felt it completely. I thought of Aysel and being back with her again on the other side of the door.
“Sevi, you’re such a quick learner. So, did you like being a woman? Do you like what you’re now capable of?” Aysel bubbled with excitement for me, her eyes were wide and her hands waved about holding her pink, glittery scarf as she bounced back and forth on her feet. So silly and childish. I smiled, and then thought about what had happened.
I stood dumbfounded, lost in thought, the reality of it, if it was, was too incomprehensible. Not possible. This must have been another illusion. I stared blankly at Aysel as she danced, all excited and happy for me, unaware of my being lost in this illusion. She stopped dancing and pulled my head down to her.
“This is it, baby, this is what it’s all about, and we are all creators. Gods. You created that universe and dissolved it as well. Your thoughts are reality.” 
“I created and dissolved a universe? How many billions of life forms were created and died? ”
I perceived myself starting to dissolve again and I saw the stars and the planets. I was moving outwards and away. She placed her soft hands on my cheeks. Stroked my hair and my face with a motherly touch.
I heard her inside my head as she embraced me and held me, yet the universe was flying past me at light speed. The enormity of this concept was too great. I left the galaxy as I sped toward some light way ahead.
“Sevi! Come back. Don’t go, don’t get lost. Trust me. Aysel is here. Trust me. It’s okay. You can handle it. You are Sevilen. You have a job to do. You have a lover to save. You wanted to do this. It’s real and it’s okay. Leyna needs you to help her. I love you, Sevilen. Come back!”
I was floating with Aysel somewhere. I was shaking with the thought of it all. It was too much. I wasn’t good enough for this. Her voice whispered in my head with soothing violin music playing gently in the background.
“Sevi, you have another god to bring forward. She’s your love. She needs you and she needs your help.”
Aysel was trying to keep my attention, to keep me from drifting away. My body had mass again. Human senses established themselves. The touch of her hand. Aysel’s arms embraced me like a mother. She kissed and hugged me. Her love filled me as she brought my attention back to her and to us. I fell fast asleep, exhausted.
“Sevi, hun, let’s go home.” I saw Aysel as she stroked my hair and lay on her side. 
“Oh my God. I created and destroyed a universe.”
“Sevilen, you make too much of this. First, we aren’t simple base humans anymore, and the rules don’t apply. There is no jealousy or greed, anger or hate in this world of ours. We are gods, creators, free to create and make the universe as we see fit; to create love or hate, death or growth.”
“I can’t do this. It’s too much. You should have just let me go.”
“I will never let you go. Fortunately, your humanness felt me and came back when you were drifting away. If you hadn’t come back now, it would’ve taken centuries for you to want to come back, if ever. Then you’d have had to reincarnate into a baby, like you did this time. If I’d lost you, it would’ve been centuries before you and Leyna were on the earth plane again. Nevertheless, you made it back to me. Be proud of that.”
Aysel stroked my hair as she spoke. Tears ran down her cheeks. “I had to bring you back and being human was the best way to do it. Human touch heals and love makes all things well. The bridge between universal consciousness and personal consciousness is love, the fourth gate. You know this now, think about it with your engineer’s brain and your new knowingness. Your knowledge is complete now, so allow it to enter your physical consciousness.”
I stared at her dumfounded. She continued to take me through it.
“You’re here now, right? You’re alive in human form and able to do as you wish—a god on this earth. I am the same. We are one and the same; we are the same energy and force. You couldn’t disappear and leave Leyna, she needs you, and you both want to be together. I want you to find all your dreams, whether from this life, or your past ones.”
Aysel sat cross-legged before me. She wiped her eyes and smiled.
“I just need to get used to this new knowledge and perspective. Thanks for saving me. Thanks for loving me. Thanks for keeping me around so I can help Leyna. Yeah, let’s go home.”
We stood and brushed the dirt off our clothes. I removed the stone from my pocket and it was alive with color and vibration.
I thought of wearing a tuxedo and I was. I thought of Aysel wearing a short violet and white, lace and satin dress, with gold, strappy high heels, like she likes, and she was.
“Very nice, Sevi. Thank you.” Aysel kissed me and took my hand.
The new abilities brought a smile to my face. Any engineer would love to have paranormal abilities. This could be interesting. I put the stone in my pocket.
“Sevi, lead the way. You can drive now.” 
I made Boccherini play for us in our minds.
“Nice touch. I never thought of traveling music,” Aysel said, followed by another giggle.
I wrapped a sheer white shawl with long gold threads at the edges over Aysel’s shoulders, and then wrapped my arm around her.
My skin crawled and we were off. We didn’t go home yet, though. I wanted to celebrate with my great grandmother.
We went to Paris.





“The important thing is to not stop questioning.”
Albert Einstein
8
The last thing I remembered was Aysel saying it was time to go home. We were in Paris after an evening of dining and dancing and now I stood in the bookstore.
I was alone. No homeless man, no Aysel, just me standing with an empty cup of coffee on the shelf. I yelled, “Shit! Shit! Shit!” 
“Are you okay, sir?”
I yelled back, “Yeah, just thought of something I need to do! Sorry!”
“No problem, sir! We all do that sometimes!”
“Thanks for asking!”
What was the matter with me? All that stuff went on in my mind in a few minutes, or less, and I was standing here the whole time? I checked my watch. Sure as hell, only a few minutes had passed since I arrived.
Delusional, that’s what I was. I thought I’d become a master, or a messiah, or something. Divinity...yeah, right. Delusional was more like it. I needed help.
I looked at the books on the shelves and knew there wasn’t a single book here that could help me, not one. I needed much more than a book, maybe a frontal lobotomy would be best. I dug the stone out of my pocket. I looked at its lifeless form, no vibration or glow. Just a rock. I must have imagined all that, too.
My God. What was I going to do? If only Aysel were alive to help me. Maybe I never even met her? I wasn’t sure of anything at that point. A billionaire? Probably not, probably another dream or delusion.
I was sure this must have been what a nervous breakdown was like. Well, I’m alive, I’m able to think, not sure how clearly though. I walked up to the counter. I wasn’t even sure what day it was.
“What day is it?”
“What? Tuesday, don’t you know?”
“Of course, thanks, been on vacation and you know how you lose track of the days.” I checked the clock behind him and it matched my watch.
“Good for you, buddy. It’s nice when you can do that. Did you find what you needed?”
“No, not really. But that’s okay. I think I was looking for the wrong thing.”
“Sorry, sir. If you figure out what you’re looking for, you can call me and I’ll see if we have it.”
“Thanks.”
I wandered to the car, my body felt as if it were a shell—hollow and lost. It was as if the body I occupied belonged to someone else. It felt heavy and foreign, like putting on someone else’s coat that was too big. Or was it my mind that no longer fit my body?
The hood of the car was still warm. I climbed in, started it, and the temperature gauge came up to full temp right away. I couldn’t have been gone more than a few minutes.
I was certifiable. I killed the engine. What if I freaked out while driving and had another similar episode? I could kill someone. I sat there, put my head back on the headrest, and closed my eyes. I held the stone like a worry stone and rubbed it with my thumb as my mind tried to deal with what just took place.
Who could help me? The only person, if she ever was in fact the way I perceived her last, was Aysel. God, what I would give to have her here to help. I pictured her in my mind as I sat there. 
“Sevi, dear…I have things to do, you know. Figure this out. This isn’t how someone of your development should be acting.” It sounded like she was right next to me. These delusions were so real. I lifted my head and opened my eyes to come back to reality.
“AAAHHH!”
I backed against the door as I stared at a complete illusion of Aysel sitting in the passenger seat. She was laughing at the top of her lungs and holding her stomach. This was it. I was now totally insane.
“Sevi, you’re a trained engineer. Figure out a test to prove that you aren’t insane. You aren’t crazy.”
“I’m not talking to you. I don’t talk to delusions. You aren’t here.”
“I’m not here, huh? What are you seeing, hearing, and feeling then?” Aysel looked into my eyes and put her hand on mine.
“See. Real. Feel it. Hear me. Do a test. Figure one out. You can do it. Sorry, but I have to go. Trust me, dammit!”
I watched as the pressure of her hand subsided and her whole body disappeared before me. I realized the stone had been humming, but stopped. My heart was racing and my mind was a mess.
A test she says, a test. How could I prove, or disprove my sanity? I had to find something. I thought back to what I had done in the dream. We flew, we went places, and I gained knowledge from Aysel kicking me through a door. I created and dissolved clothes. That’s it, I’d see if I could change clothes.
I imagined a tux on me. I looked at myself and I was in fact wearing one. Proof? Nah, just proof I’m good at fooling myself. There had to be a way. I changed back. I didn’t want to think I was walking around in a tux when I wasn’t.
The travel part, that’s it. I can travel to the mansion, like Aysel and I traveled, see Alexander and tell him something, then, see if he remembers me telling him that after I drive back there and see him. That’s it. If I can do that, and manage to drive there without freaking out and killing myself or someone else, I’ll know it’s real or I’ll know I need help and Alexander can get it for me. Yes.
I was relieved, as I always was when I had a course of action to resolve a problem. The result of this may not be pleasant, though. I didn’t really want to find out I was a nut case, but I had no choice other than to prove it before I killed someone by accident.
I sat there and closed my eyes. I thought of going to the house and could see the room upstairs in my mind’s eye. There was that horrible skin crawling feeling of transformation. When it stopped, I opened my eyes.
I looked around and saw the pictures of Leyna and Sevilen on the wall. I walked to the door and it was locked. Of course, I needed to unlock it. I unlocked it as Alexander taught me, opened it, and passed through, closing and locking it behind me.
Okay, if this is a dream, Alexander will never remember this. I can have some fun then. I walked through the house with the busy workers all around and went into the dining room where Alexander had set up shop for the day.
“Hi.”
“Hello, Sevilen, back so soon?”
“Uh, back? Yes. I wanted to tell you something. Let’s see.”
I started tap dancing. I stopped. Alexander’s eyebrow lifted. He put down the papers he was holding and watched me. I had his attention. I started singing.
“It’s not the pale moon that excites meeeeee, that thrills and delights meeeeee, Oh noooooo, it’s just the nearness of youuuuuu.” Alexander tilted his head like a curious dog and watched with wide eyes. I kept going. He’d never forget this, if it in fact happened.
“It isn’t your sweet conversation that brings this sweet sensation, oh noooooo, it’s just the nearness of youuuuuu.”
I started laughing and Alexander laughed as well.
“Very good, Sevilen. I suggest you sing that to Lady Leyna once you find her. Though I am flattered, but you aren’t my type.”
“Thanks. Sing it to Leyna, sure, that’s why I wanted to try it on you.”
“Yes, you could use your powers in your voice as well. She’d love it.”
“Okay. You would remember something like this, right? I mean, what I just did?”
“Of course.”
“K, see ya.”
“Have a good time at the bookstore, sir. I hope you find what you seek.”
“Me too.”
I walked out of the room and realized I had no car, so I went back upstairs into an empty room and visualized myself in the car. I hated that feeling. I came together and was seated in the front seat. I remembered it, now to see if Alexander did.
I drove back to the house, up the switchback, past the workers at the fountain, climbed out of the car, went up the stairs past the griffins, and over the removed slabs of granite. I walked into the dining room where Alexander was working, just as he was before. 
“Hi.”
“Back so soon, sir? You couldn’t have even made it to the store yet, or barely. You must have turned around half way. Did you think of another song to sing to me?” 
“What other song?”
“Another for Leyna. Like the one you just sang before you left. Oh, by the way, I meant to tell you, skip the tap dance. It doesn’t fit a man of your standing.”
“It’s real. I really can do it. I don’t know how, but I can. I can transport myself anywhere and time stands still for me when I do.”
“I take it you must have had your download, sir. Congratulations! You made it back as well. Some haven’t been so fortunate. I knew Aysel would protect you, though. She is very competent and will do whatever it takes.”
“Wow. How does it work?”
“I took the liberty of preparing that answer for you. Basically it’s just the matter to energy transformation, with a slip into another dimension.”
I pulled out one of the heavy Louis XVI armchairs at the table, seated myself, and noticed how the seats and backs needed to be reupholstered and the wood refinished while Alexander continued.
“It feels like there is time in the other dimension, but it’s a different dimension, parallel, so there genuinely isn’t a timeline as it is here. Therefore, when you return, it is the same time as you left. Interesting, isn’t it?”
I contemplated and Alexander continued after a pause.
“Meditation is similar, except the time distortion isn’t as dramatic, though it is there, and the distortion is usually backwards of this. That is, it feels as if you’ve been gone seconds, but in reality, you’ve been gone hours. That’s because the meditator is passing through, versus you becoming a part of the new environment, because he doesn’t take his body with him. You, and whomever you take with you, merge with the new dimension.
“The new dimension can be parallel or not. You may affect things in this dimension by interacting with humans in the here and now of this plane and yet go back to the time you left or advance forward with the passage, even further if you like.” He paused and watched me.
“It’s real then. It is completely real.”
“Yes, I know it sounds complicated, but no more than if you could envision being a point and moving about on a geometric object, such as a cube in three dimensions. Add other dimensions, if you can imagine, then you have it. It all fits neatly into the equations for the universe, which aren’t fully developed yet, but are very close with string theory and its eleven dimensions. Of course, you now have access to that information and even better details of it with the Akashic records, should you choose to find it, or more importantly, accept it and know it.”
“Thank you. I was so sure I was nuts, I was going to ask you to get me help. Now that I know for a fact that this is reality, I can deal with it. I think.”
“You are welcome, sir. I assure you, you are not nuts, and I will always be here to help.” Alexander smiled as he went back to his work, singing the tune I had sung earlier. He shouted as I walked down the hall.
“By the way, sir, the restoration of the table and chairs is scheduled.”





“There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.”
Peter F. Drucker
9
Even though Alexander “proved” my hallucinations weren’t hallucinations, I couldn’t fully accept it. After all, none of it fit into the version of reality I’d always known. I confidently put it aside as just being stressed out and overworked. I resumed my normal calm and logical ways as I tried to find my new purpose as a Designated One with endless resources.
I’d been living in the mansion for some time. My house was sold and the things I kept were moved in. The workers were putting on finishing touches  and summer was almost here. I smelled the fresh air from the open windows mingled with floor varnish and paint.
Alexander set up our offices downstairs, down the hall from each other. Every day, just once, Alexander would ask me if I had found Leyna. Every day I replied I had no clue how to find her. He’d then proceed to talk about the download and accepting my abilities in order to find her. He always sensed my frustration and dropped it until the next day.
I’d researched the holdings a “Designated One” had and found things that interested me. I decided to do an analysis of the least profitable, and then set up a schedule to visit and give them some of my help. I figured I might as well use what I knew to improve the value and profitability of the holdings. What else was I supposed to do? I was feeling good now, having purpose, and being totally absorbed in it all.
I was working late one night, going over the operating statements of a manufacturing company I held seventy-five percent of, when I heard floorboards creaking. Alexander’s big feet and heavy weight moved as quietly as someone his size could down the hall of an old mansion. In his robe and pajamas, he looked in on me.
“Lord, uh, Sevilen, please forgive the intrusion, but I have been having trouble sleeping lately. I think you need a vacation. You have been working diligently on the holdings for weeks, poring through reports and information. Did you know Aysel had a retreat as well? It’s a small place in a tiny town with no one around.
“You could relax there, maybe fish in the pond, see a play at the little theater, have some ice cream, and walk the neighborhood. Just for a few days. Maybe it would help you connect with your true purpose. You don’t need to create more wealth. That happens all by itself when you have over seventy-seven billion dollars. You do need to figure out what you truly are and find Leyna. Please, trust me on this.”
I looked into his dark pleading eyes. He ran a hand through his thick black hair then squeezed his face. He dropped his hand and looked at me, waiting patiently. I knew he meant it.
He was right, at least about the billions. It grows all by itself and no one could ever spend it faster than it grew. But what else could I do? Maybe I could find something to do at this place by the pond. Maybe fix the place up myself. That might be a fun project. I saw Alexander’s shoulders slump as I thought about it—almost as if he’d read my mind. Then he spoke again.
“I want you to promise me you won’t do any kind of work down there. Just relax and be with nature. Let your mind drift. Maybe read a book. Don’t start any more projects just to occupy yourself.” He waited patiently, leaning against the doorjamb. His dark eyes looked sad.
I could sense his despair. “Will it help you sleep if I do? You do look like you could use some.” 
He smiled broadly. “It would help greatly, sir.”
“Okay then, I’ll go tomorrow.”
“Thank you, Sevilen. I will see the angels guard you.”
“Angels?”
“Yes, Lady Aysel named the property Angels Guard.” Alexander smiled, turned, and left.
Angels Guard. Aysel was so strange.
I worked until midnight and as I went upstairs to bed, I could hear Alexander’s deep voice speaking softly in his room. “Thank you, Michael, Raphael, Gabriel, and Auriel. Thank you.” Then he was quiet.





“By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day.”
Robert Frost
10
“Leyna, you’re overworked, overtired and way stressed out. I made a reservation for you this weekend in a little town called Deer Lake. My wife and I go there every summer. It’s a cottage on thirteen acres. It’s quiet, secluded, and just what you need to reenergize yourself.”
My boss thought he’d send me on a weekend retreat in some hick town. Great. I hated sitting in front of his huge mahogany desk while he held the power seat behind it.
“But, Gene, I can relax Sunday morning when—”
“No, this is mandatory. Your work is suffering, you’re falling behind on communications, and you need to refocus. No buts. Just go. I left the reservation and directions with Jordan. It’s only two hours away so you’ll be there in no time. Take some books and movies because there’s absolutely nothing to do there. Oh, I arranged for some groceries to be delivered, but you’ll have to cook. Cooking is always good therapy for me. You can leave now, and I don’t want to see your face in here until Monday morning.”
“You’re kidding. Mandatory? Cooking? Can’t I just—”
“No! Now get going, Leyna. And take a fishing pole. There’s a beautiful pond and you can catch your own dinner.” Gene laughed a hearty laugh.
I stood up from my chair and rolled my eyes. I guess he was the closest thing I had to a father, and he was my boss, so I had to take his advice.
“I don’t know what to say.”
“Thank you is quite enough. You need to relax…slow down and relax. Now, get out of here and I’ll see you Monday morning, ready to go.”
“I’ll thank you when I come back, depending on the kind of weekend I have.” I managed a smile and shook Gene’s hand.
It was very generous of him and he was right. I needed a break to clear my head.
There was more for me than what I had, but what? What was missing? Maybe I’d find it in…what’s the place called? Deer something? I had to remember to get the information from Jordan before I left.
What would I do through Sunday? I hated to cook, read or watch movies, and hated being outdoors. No men to mess with even. No weekend for a black widow, that’s for sure.





“It is only in the country that we can get to know a person or a book.”
Cyril Connolly
11
I sat down to a lunch of clam chowder and corn bread. The chowder was simmering most of the morning, causing my taste buds to dance in my mouth with anticipation. I made a large pot of it—enough to feed at least four other people. Alexander would love the leftovers when I returned to the mansion.
The trailer I was in was from the 1960s and, from the old table in front of the kitchen window, had a great view of the rental cottage at the end of the driveway. 
I knew there was a renter in the cottage, but I hadn’t seen who it was yet. I wanted to see the type of person who liked to settle on this wooded, peaceful, and isolated property for relaxation—probably a laid back and peaceful person. I settled into the old, vinyl upholstered kitchen chair, and ate. 
“Mmm, nothing better than a bowl of homemade chowder. Life is good,” I said out loud and then thought, I’m talking to myself more out here than at home. Maybe I should go back.
As I tasted the butter, onions, and sage in the broth, I realized I was talking out loud because it was so damn good.
Occasionally, I looked through the bay window. Whoever came in last night sure had a nice car. A silver Audi R8 with over 400 horsepower was parked in front of the cottage door with dust from the dirt roads covering it. The cottage door burst open.
A woman came out with a sandwich, book, and what looked like a can of bug spray. She wore a pair of capris and an oversized denim shirt, with her hair up in a ponytail and a pair of high-heeled mules. Her shiny hair was so dark; it looked jet black. It seemed she might be by herself, since no one else came out and I doubted that car could carry more than her luggage and her. 
She set something on the picnic table next to her plate, took a big bite of her sandwich at the same time swatting at the air, hoping to shoo the bugs away from her lunch and her hair—a comical sight.
I leaned back in the chair to enjoy the show. City girl in the country was the name of this one.
She fought with the bugs, spraying the air around her. She took a good look at the table, put her sandwich down on the plate, and walked to her car. She struggled with her shoes, the heels sticking in the dirt and pulling off her feet, but continued her adventure to the car, coming back with a towel.
Logically, she should have taken off her shoes and walked barefoot in the grass, but she kept fighting with them. I was practically rolling on the floor as I laughed, but thought how rotten I was for doing so.
Then, when she finally got situated and sat on the towel on the seat of the picnic table, she struggled to figure out what to do with her arms. She didn’t want them to touch the table either. 
A bug must have been swarming her head since she started swinging both hands around her head and forgot she had a sandwich in one and a plate in the other. The sandwich broke apart as she hit her head with it. The plate slipped out of her other hand and fell on her head. I heard her scream.
“How the hell am I supposed to relax in this God forsaken place? Damn! I hate you, Gene!”
She stood and sprayed bug spray behind her as she hobbled back to the cottage. Her sandwich and plate were on the ground, her book sat unopened on the table, and one shoe was left stuck in the dirt on the way into the cottage.
This was good entertainment, poor thing. She was a wreck. I was still laughing, but I probably should have been more considerate—like bringing her some lunch, since hers was on the ground.
I cleaned up the kitchen and put together a tray of chowder, corn bread, and iced tea. I carried it down the driveway and put it on the picnic table while I cleaned up the mess she’d made. I picked up the book and the object next to it. 
My heart raced. It couldn’t be. I held the sides of the table for support as I stared at it. My stone? Was this the other half? Mine vibrated wildly in my pocket. I removed it and compared the two. They were identical, but opposite. They fit together. Incredible. 
How had she gotten it? Was it her? I couldn’t believe she was the one I was supposed to find, but…I grabbed the book and her stone, feeling the familiarity of it, and headed over to the cottage with everything. I took deep breaths and composed myself.
I rang the bell and heard a screech that sounded like someone was stabbed. Then it stopped and got very quiet. I stood there wondering what to do. Was she hurt? Should I go in? There weren’t any door locks on these properties. Maybe I should ring the bell again.
Ding dong, ding dong.
I heard her screech as if she was in pain.
Ding dong.
Another horrible screech. She yelled, “Go away! I have a gun!”
“Uh, I brought you something to eat. I’m staying in the trailer at the end of the driveway. I saw you had a little trouble eating lunch, so I thought I’d bring you something. My name is Sevilen.”
It got quiet. I heard her moving around inside. Hopefully, she wasn’t going to shoot me. I stood there with the tray. She pulled the sheer door curtains back a crack and peeked; her greenish brown eyes flitted around checking things out. She looked at me and couldn’t look away.
I waved with one hand, smiled and held the tray with the other, offering it to her. She looked at the tray, at me, and then she opened the door while holding a towel around her wet body with the other hand. Her black hair was shiny and wet.
“Hi. What did you say your name was?”
“Uh, Sevilen, Sevilen Decarain. I’ll bet your name is Leyna.”
She looked at me with shock and then nodded in acknowledgement.
“The folks who rented this for me told you my name, did they? Okay.” She smiled, smoothing her wet hair with her free hand. 
“Come in. You can put the tray on the kitchen table. Anyone bringing food like that for me has to be safe. Let me get dressed.” She took off to the bedroom and I set the things on the table.
I went into the laundry room and saw her other shoe, the high heel all covered with mud, and put the shoe she’d left stuck in the dirt outside next to it. I pulled out the cheap flip-flops I found in the cupboard when I was here checking the place out the other day. I guess we kept a supply of them for the guests in case they had a need like hers. I found a pair of pink ones about her size and put them in the kitchen.
I set the table with a spoon and napkins. Leyna came out dressed in a pair of tight, light blue jeans and a tee shirt; her hair was still wet, combed down along her shoulders—she smelled sweet and clean. She took my breath away.
“Good idea. Let your hair dry without any products in it and the bugs won’t be so eager to attack you. I saw the onslaught when you were out there before.”
“Is that why? I’m not sure I want to go back out. What are these pink things?”
“They’re for you. Brand new. Much easier to walk in outside.”
“Thanks.” She sat down to the chowder and sniffed it. “Mmm, smells great. And cornbread. My favorite. Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
She dug in as if she hadn’t seen food in a while. The cornbread crumbled, which fell on her chin while she practically vacuumed chowder into her mouth. “Sorry, really hungry—didn’t eat last night and no breakfast this morning. Slept like the dead here, it’s so quiet.”
She went back at it until she was done and then sat back and twirled her fingers through that black, black hair. She made eye contact and didn’t blink until my uneasiness made me to look away first.
Finally she spoke. “Thanks. That was awesome. You cook it yourself?”
“Yup. Like to cook from time to time. Maybe ‘cause I like to eat.”
“You don’t look like you like to eat. Tall and thin as you are.”
“Thanks, I guess I don’t eat that much. Small gas tank.”
She smiled and tilted her head. “You’re cute. Handsome, too. Odd combination.” She looked at my hands and grabbed my left one. “Nice ring, looks brand new, fourteen karat. What’s the face?”
She ran her small, silken hands and fingers over my hand as she inspected the ring. A tingle went through me.
“Cernunnos, supposed to be some male aspect of a god. My great grandmother said the Christians would call it Satan.”
“Satan? Christians? Aren’t you a Christian?” She rolled the ring back and forth over my finger, observed the shine, and scrutinized the details of the eyes, mouth, nose, and horns.
“I don’t know. Raised Catholic, but I’m an engineer and we question things.”
“Very shiny, fine details, where did you get it?”
“It was an inheritance of sorts. My great grandmother Aysel gave them to me before she died at the age of one hundred and six. I guess they belonged to another Sevilen Decarain from the fourteen hundreds.”
“Wow that was a long time ago. They look brand new. Must have never been worn. Is the other one a snake?’
“I guess. This one came with it. It’s supposed to represent the female aspect of god as a snake.”
“Snake? Sounds male to me.” She chuckled and took my right hand into her other hand. I could feel a flow of energy through both and through my shoulders. It was like a racing river. Could she feel it? I couldn’t tell, since she was too absorbed by the jewelry. I gently pulled my hand away, since it was getting too intense. I decided to take her on a tour of the town.
“Wanna go for walk to the general store? I’ll buy you an ice cream for dessert.” I offered my hand.
“That sounds great.” Leyna took my hand and we headed out the door.
“You walk a lot better in the flip-flops.”
“Thanks, I’m a spiked heel kind of woman, but the grass doesn’t agree. Thanks for the goofy shoes.”
“You’re welcome.”
Leyna continued to hold my hand while her footwear filled the silence with their characteristic sound. We ascended the hill and left the quiet dirt drive for a crunchy, gravel road.
The fragrant smells of the early summer were all around with the grass growing in the fields and the fresh green trees. A pot of tulips bloomed in front of the general store, another next to the only gas pump in town in front of the store.
I pulled open the spring-hinged, wooden screen door as it squeaked our arrival and slammed shut, bouncing against the framework.
“Hi! I’m Traci. How are you guys?” With one finger, she brushed a stray group of blond locks from her freckled, blue-eyed face.
“Good, and you?” I asked as she smiled warmly and reached her hand over the counter. We each shook it and smiled back.
“Really good. Isn’t it great that summer is finally here? I love it. Hate the heat, but this is perfect.” She looked at me. “You staying at the Decarain’s cottage, too?” She looked at Leyna before I could answer and asked, “How’s that bug spray working for ya?” 
“Uh, she is, I’m in the trailer.”
“Bug spray was okay,” Leyna said as she tilted her head down, a little embarrassed.
“Trailer? That’s where Aysel likes to stay. Surprised she’s not here yet. Usually she comes down when it gets nice like this. And her friend Michael, he is something.”
“Well, sorry to tell you this. Aysel won’t be coming back. She passed away a few weeks ago. She left this place to me in her estate.”
“Oh my gosh. So sorry to hear that. I loved Aysel. How could a cute little young thing like her die? She couldn’t have been more than your age. She your sister?”
“Yeah, sister. I’ll miss her a lot. I never had the chance to come down here with her. We kind of had separate lives.” Then I thought, dumb ass, she’ll be back. Oh wait, that was all a hallucination. But, why did Traci think she was so young? Too much to think about.
“I wish I could do something to help you feel better. Here, why don’t you guys have an ice cream on me? It’s the least I could do for Aysel’s brother and his…I’m sorry, I didn’t get your names.”
“I’m sorry, I’m Sevilen Decarain, and this is Leyna...”
“Leyna DiAmore.”
“Well, Sevilen and Leyna. Nice to meet you. What will it be?”
We picked our flavors and Traci made us huge cones while we sucked in the ambiance of the one hundred or more year old general store. The hand poured glass fronts of the cabinets along the walls told me they must have been original. Some dusty, slow selling, cast iron fireplace hearth pots were stacked in a corner, along with bags of charcoal, lighter fluid, bug spray, beer, and wine.
“There, enjoy. Don’t hesitate to come on up if you need anything else. If it looks like no one’s here and I’m not in the back yard, then I’m in the basement or upstairs, so bang on the floor and the ceiling with one of the brooms off that rack and I’ll come down, or up, or whatever. The door is always open. If you can’t find me, but you find what you want, take it, and you can pay me later. Have a great day.”
Leyna smiled. “We will. Thanks.” Leyna took me by the hand and led the way out the door. We sat on a bench in the sun a bit down the street from the front door. “I thought you said your great grandmother died. She was thirty?”
“Well, it’s a long story and I don’t think you would understand.”
“What? Do you think I’m stupid? There are brains in this body, bub.”
“No, no, nothing like that. It’s just a long story better suited for another time. I just don’t want to talk about it at this moment, that’s all.”
I absorbed myself in my ice cream. Homemade. Incredible. Felt like I’d gone back in time. All I could hear were the birds and critters running around, a dog barking in the distance, a horse neighing up the hill, the breeze through the trees. I looked at Leyna. 
She, too, was absorbed in her treat. She bit the ice cream, looked around, and sniffed the air. “It is different here. Now that the bugs aren’t buggin’ me, it’s kinda peaceful. Never thought I’d like this kind of thing.”
She smiled with ice cream around her lips. She took another big bite. The circle of ice cream got bigger around her mouth. It collected and started to drip down her chin. She realized it. 
“Oops.” She licked her lips.
I took my napkin and caught a drip from the bottom of her chin. She took another big bite and a piece of the ice cream fell off. I tried to catch it with my napkin in hand and ended up having it beat me to her breast. I accidentally brushed her breast through her tee shirt and ended up apologizing profusely, while I pushed the napkins into her other hand. I stood up while she laughed at my embarrassment.
“I’m so sorry. I uh, I uh, I never meant, uh…”
She laughed pleasantly. “That was funny. You look so embarrassed. Don’t be. Big deal, who cares, so what, why not.” She shrugged her shoulders and went back to biting her ice cream.
“Don’t you ever lick it? Why are you taking bites? It’ll be gone faster that way and you don’t get to enjoy it.”
“If it’s worth doing, it’s worth getting done.”
“Wow, now you sound like an engineer.”
“Yeah? Maybe I am one.” Then another piece was gone plus the crunch of a disappearing cone.
I licked mine and shook my head. I looked up. There was a raven watching us from a low branch in an ancient tree on the other side of the road. He saw me, seemed to nod, and continued to watch.
Leyna held sticky hands in the air in front of her. “Mmm, great ice cream. I’m glad we went there. What next?” Leyna looked at me with an open face and smiling eyes. She seemed to have taken to me quite easily.
I looked at her and saw her face in my dream. I couldn’t quite believe this was actually happening. All that crazy stuff I had chalked up to nonsense and too much stress may have been real. What if Aysel and I really had done those things, and what if she really did look that young at the mansion before she died, and younger still when she supposedly took me for my download? Traci remembered her that way. 
Leyna waited impatiently for me to finish my cone. Hands still held at bay, like a doctor after scrubbing.
I licked my cone. “I don’t know what’s next. Maybe we should go shopping, or hit the bars and nightclubs.”
Leyna responded to my sarcasm with a smile.
I went on, “Or, walk around the town. There are only a few things to see here, but it’s nice. We could start with the graveyards. There are two. I think there are more people in them than who live in the town.”
I looked up for the raven and he was gone.
“Graveyard? Hmm, kind of morose, but why not? I can’t say no, since I never went to one for entertainment.”
“Sure, they’re nice, quiet of course. We can read the tombstones and enjoy the weather. Then afterward I can cook you a great meal and we can have drinks on the deck at the trailer. It’s covered and it’s beautiful in the evening. Alexander must have had this place stocked before I came down, since it’s filled with plenty of groceries. Lots of good stuff in there. You like King Crab legs?”
“Crab? My favorite, next to Maine lobster. Let’s look around.” Leyna went to take my hand to walk then stopped. “Sorry, I’m all sticky.” 
I looked around and saw a garden hose in front of the house we were sitting. I went over and turned it on for her. I was certain no one would mind in this town. We cleaned up and headed out.
The first cemetery was on a hill just down the street. The graves were from the early 1700s. The lifespans were short and entire families were there with numerous young children.
A sweet breeze bathed us as we walked in the shade on the soft grass, smelled the fresh unfettered air, and read the names on the stones. The second cemetery was across the street and similar.
We spent the day going through them both, sat on the benches, and even napped under a tree for a while. Then, as we made our way back to the street, we turned the corner of a row and Leyna gasped.
“Leyna. Her name was Leyna. That’s pretty rare.” Leyna knelt down and ran her hand across the name. “She died at the age of twenty-eight. So young….” She paused and rubbed the tombstone, seeming overly emotional about someone with her same first name, but maybe she was just more unstable than I was. “Reincarnation? Do you believe in it?”
“I don’t know. I guess anything is possible, but if you can’t prove it, how can it be real, right?” 
Leyna stood and flicked her hair over her right shoulder. “Yeah, I guess. I feel a little weird thinking about it. What if reincarnation was true and we just didn’t remember it? Would we be doing the same kind of things life after life, or would we be different?”
Leyna took my hand and looked at the tombstone again then at me. “Can we go home? I think I’d like to sample some of your cooking.”
“Sure. It’s getting time to get supper going. If you want, we can have some cheese and drinks on the deck before dinner. I’d like to take a shower first and put on some clean clothes, if that’s okay.”
“Me, too. As a matter of fact, I don’t think I can eat King Crab legs without dressing a little nicer.” Leyna smiled and winked. “We’re eating at the trailer, right?”
“That would be good, since then we can sit on the deck.”
“I’ll wear my flip-flops and then change into my heels when I get up the hill to the trailer, okay?” Leyna put her hand on my shoulder and looked up into my eyes in a longing way.
I interrupted her focus. “Okay. Let’s go.”
I looked back at Leyna’s tombstone and the raven was sitting on top of it, looking our way. He nodded and flew off.





“Stupidity talks, vanity acts.”
Victor Hugo
12
Who was this guy? I thought he was a caretaker, but now it seems he owns the place, and he said he’s an engineer. He may not be rich, but he is educated and can’t be doing too bad. Those rings said the family had money at some point, and if it was the fourteen hundreds when those rings were made, they probably had a lot of money back then.
I took my clothes off and threw them on the floor with the other ones I had worn already. No point in hanging them up, I’d never wear them again after wearing them once, until the laundry took care of them for me. Besides, there was ice cream on the tee shirt.
I stepped into the shower, thinking about what to wear. I definitely wanted to knock this guy out, and get him in bed to see what he was really like. Right now, he was too nice and was a definite problem, since I might get attached to him, and that’s a no no. No attachments for this girl. Just leads to trouble.
I dried my hair, pulled it back tight, and slicked the front with gel. Then I put the back in a ponytail and put it up in a bun with a gold bun holder and spike. I did my makeup as I usually did to go to the clubs, with plenty of eyeshadow and eyeliner. I painted my lips in a cupid’s bow and pumped a few sprays of expensive, long-lasting perfume all over my body.
I dug through my suitcase and found a nice white chiffon dress with a short bubble hem and low cut top that I didn’t need to wear a bra with. It felt like sin when I slid it over my body and tucked myself in.
I slipped on a pair of super sheer suntan thigh highs and a pair of white sheer panties, and put on five-inch white strappy spiked heels. I looked in the mirror and knew it would drive him wild. I was gorgeous. I opened the jewelry case and loaded up my fingers, wrists, ears, and neck with gold. I put lipstick and perfume in my purse and went out the door.
I realized I had to take the shoes off and put on the flip-flops and when I went back into the kitchen to sit and take off my shoes, I saw the stone on the table. I touched it and it hummed gently. I put it in my purse.





“Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous.”
Albert Einstein
13
“Wow,” I said to Leyna as she stood at the kitchen door on the deck. She was pretty before, but now she was a goddess. I looked her up and down. “You look incredible.”
“Precisely the reaction I wanted, Sevi. Thank you.” Leyna pushed me aside as she entered to inspect the trailer.
I followed her in. “It’s pretty worn in. But it works. The AC units keep up and the kitchen works. Hot water in the shower and the beds are comfortable.”
From the kitchen, Leyna walked slowly through the living area and down the hall. Her dress flowed side to side about her hips at each placement of her high-heeled shoes, one in front of the other, like a model on the runway.
She grabbed the doorjamb at each bedroom and lifted a foot as she turned slightly to take in the details inside each one. When she reached the end, she completed a runway turn, sauntered back to where I was standing, looked me up and down, smiling while she tilted her head.
“Hmm, I guess the trailer is good for short visits, huh? You certainly look and smell good. I love the white shirt, the bleached jeans and the boots. Unbutton the shirt a bit, though, so I can see some of your chest.”
Leyna unbuttoned a couple of buttons and ran her silken hand over my chest. My heart raced. Her hand went to my head and she mussed my hair. I always hated when someone did that. She sniffed my neck. Her perfume invited.
“Mmm, very nice. You are very, like I said earlier, cute and handsome, and sexy I might add.”
“Thank you,” I said as I pulled away and went to the kitchen, fixing my hair with my hand so it felt right.
I grabbed the plate of cheese and my shaking hand dumped it on the floor. I looked up and Leyna hadn’t noticed since she was looking out the door. I hurriedly loaded the cubes back on the plate wiping off any dust that had gotten on them. I took two wine glasses out of the cabinet. “Red wine, white wine, or would you like a mixed drink?”
She turned and said, “Mixed drink? That sounds good. How about a Yukon Jack Old Fashioned, if you have the stuff.”
“I think I do. Alexander had someone come in to clean and stock this place before I came out.”
I put the wine glasses back, almost breaking them in the process. I dug through the cabinet and found the Yukon Jack. Oranges and cherries were in the fridge and sugar in the cupboard.
I muddled the oranges, smelling their sweetness, and mixed the drinks thinking this woman was going to attack me tonight. I wasn’t quite sure how I’d react if she did. She was so confident and in charge, it made me feel uneasy, yet I was taken by her beauty.
I was convinced she was the one from my dream. Every time I looked at her face, I could see it. I passed her the drink and we clinked glasses and sipped. “Not too strong for you I hope?”
She sniffed the drink. “Nope. Purrrfect. Mmm.” She slugged down half of it and licked her painted lips. She looked tremendously evil right then. “Let’s go out on the deck. Have any cigars?” She moved past me to the door.
“Cigars?”
Leyna walked carefully over the threshold. She looked like a temptress as she took a seat on the sofa, crossed her legs, and seductively bounced her foot.
“A real sofa out here? Beats patio furniture.”
“It’s pretty well shielded from the elements so it works. You don’t really want a cigar, do you?”
“Why? Is there a rule against women smoking cigars? I think the nicotine, as a stimulant, tends to offset the alcohol some, so you can be an alert drunk. Plus, if you don’t get too much nicotine, it stimulates the pleasure centers, and what can be better than that?”
Leyna let out an evil laugh, uncrossed, and tauntingly crossed her legs the other way so I saw the top of her stocking. She looked up at me as the breeze carried the sweet smell of summer to us. 
She touched her hair bun, and ran her left hand over her leg, caressing it, as she sipped. “Nice cover. Can sit in the rain out here. Cigar does sound good.” 
“I think I saw some in the booze section.” I checked and sure enough, they were there. I called out, “What flavor?”
“Flavor? Uh, Chocolate. Who’s Alexander?”
“He’s a friend, lawyer, protector; I’m not sure what I’d call him except he’s become indispensable to me. I couldn’t imagine life without him. He used to take care of things for Ninee Aysel and now he does the same for me.”
I sat next to her on the couch and put my drink on the coffee table. I opened the box of chocolate cigars, and unwrapped two. I put one between her lips. She rolled it between her fingers, flicked the tip with her tongue while raising her eyebrows at me, and rolled it between her lips.
“Mmm, nice.” She leaned in, letting her hand rest on my leg. I lit the cigar for her as she held my hand gently.
I quickly stood, stumbled over the threshold into the kitchen, retrieved the cheese plate and placed it on the table. I sat some distance from her on the sofa. Leyna moved herself closer so I could feel her thigh against mine as she reached for a piece of cheese.
“Delicious. Chocolate cigars, Yukon Jack, and twelve-year cheddar. Thank you for inviting me. I’m having such a good time. I’m so glad you came over today. I would have been miserable here without you.”
“Is there no one else in your life? A boyfriend, perhaps?”
“I never had time, really. I just play with them sometimes, that’s all. I don’t know if I could be attached to any one man.”
Leyna finished her drink and handed me the glass. “It seems Alexander plays a big part in your life. Is he your lover?”
“Lover? No. He would make a good catch for a man, or a woman, but as I said, he was Ninee Aysel’s assistant.”
I rushed inside and refilled her drink. When I came back, she was leaning over the railing and her dress had slid up almost to her bottom while she looked down.
“Here ya go.”
“Thanks,” she said as she blew a series of smoke circles. They slowly drifted up, caught the breeze, and disappeared. “What is a Ninee?”
“It’s short for Buyuk Nine, which means great grandmother in Turkish.”
“Turkish? I’m Turkish. At least they tell me my ancestors were. I changed my name to DiAmore, since the name I had was so gross sounding and no one got it right. Plus, it meant stubborn addict. You’re really Turkish? A blond Turk?” Another puff of the cigar while she looked into my eyes and French inhaled; the smoke rolled from her mouth into her nostrils.
“So I’m told by Ninee. I saw a picture of the guy, who wore these rings, a painting actually, but still very clear and he was wearing these rings. He looked exactly like me. Long hair and time period clothing with earrings, but otherwise identical.” I took another hit off the cigar and sipped my drink.
I remembered the painting and the way it affected me when I saw it. I recalled the one of Leyna as I looked at her while she leaned against the railing. I could see the shape of her breasts through the sheer fabric, much like the way she appeared in the painting. 
I went on, “Aysel said he was a Tatar. A Caucasian Tatar with European blood. I don’t know how I can look so much like him, with our bloodlines being so mixed over the years, but I have the name and the body of this guy. How many people could even come up with the name Sevilen?”
We were approaching territory I wasn’t sure Leyna would react favorably to. At least I was hesitant to approach it.
Leyna nodded. “This is too weird. It’s like the other day I found this crystal and I had to have it—a broken stone. I traded an expensive emerald bracelet for it. I can’t think about all of this right now. I think I’d like to have some dinner soon.” She went to the sofa and sat down.
“Of course. I’ll get the grill going and throw on some crab and corn.” 
“That sounds great.” She looked up at me then put her purse on her lap and opened it. Leyna sat there looking pensive, with her hand in her purse
I went inside and couldn’t believe what was happening. She was most definitely the one. How else could all these things happen against all odds? Now, I just needed to figure out how we can both get over the overwhelming feeling of it all. 
I prepped the crab legs and corn for the grill. I poured two fresh drinks and put them on the coffee table. Leyna stared off into the woods in a daze, as the sun started to set, lighting the sky on fire. I put the food on the grill and sat next to her.
“You okay?” I asked.
Leyna stared at me pensively, as if something inside her had changed, then a smile grew on her face and she planted a light kiss on my lips. She sat next to me on the sofa, and pulled me back from the edge of the seat to sit back with her. She wrapped her arm over my shoulder. Her left hand ran over my thigh and her feet went on the coffee table. Grasping my right hand gently, she put it on her thigh and slid it up and down. 
Her eyes locked onto mine. “I’m fine. We just need to relax and forget about this weird shit. This stuff is for movies, not reality. Right, mister engineer?”
“Right.” It felt unorthodox the way she had her arm over my shoulder. I wasn’t used to someone so assertive. It was awkward.
“I think we should eat our meal and then satisfy our hunger,” Leyna breathed into my ear.
I pulled her hand off my leg and got up. “Yeah, food. Oops. I have to check the legs, uh, crab legs.” I stood at the grill making a mess of flipping the crab and corn shakily.
“You just put them on.”
“They can dry out quickly. You have to be careful with them.” I turned and faced Leyna with the tongs in my hand, ready to flip them again at a moment’s notice. I changed the subject to see if I could divert her attention. “What did you say you did for a living?”
“I didn’t. I’m a bitch. I run my people into the dirt and get fresh ones when they’re all used up. I’m a Vice President for Progpark.” 
I could tell she was proud of her position. Quite the ego. She adjusted herself on the couch so she could show me some extra thigh.
She tossed her hair over one shoulder and sipped her drink, giving me doe eyes. She was gorgeous and alluring. Why was I afraid of her? And as much of a bitch that she seemed, why was I still attracted to her? How is she someone I’m supposed to save?
I walked over and picked up my drink.
“Yeah, I think I’ll have another of those,” Leyna said.
I smiled and went inside to make her another. How many of these could she handle?
“Here ya go.”
“Thanks. So, you’re an engineer?”
“Was. VP of manufacturing. Kinda retired.”
I went back to the grill and flipped everything again. I took the long handled lighter and lit all the hanging candles around the deck, since it was getting dark. They cast a warm reassuring glow.
Dinner was ready. We ate at the table on the deck with little discussion, both in our own thoughts. I watched Leyna as she dug out the big chunks of crab and dunked them in the melted butter. She’d tilt her head to get her mouth under the dripping flesh, and then suck the meat right into her mouth, rolling her eyes as she did. Butter dripped down her chin. 
She ran the corn on the cob over the block of butter in the dish between us and salted it. She wasted no time bringing it to her lips, leaving lipstick on the first bites, running her chops lengthwise over the kernels back and forth, until it was devoured, like the ice cream, chowder, and crab legs. Is there anything, or anyone, she wouldn’t lay waste to in record time? How could I have loved her in a past life?
When she finished, I offered her another crab leg from my plate. She snatched it up and dug in. I hurried to finish my food before she took the rest.
I had to broach the subject again.
I cleaned up while Leyna sat on the couch with her back to me. She’d lift herself to one side from time to time. Each time she did, I heard the sounds of a strange night creature. I wondered if she knew I could hear her and it made me laugh. What a prize woman. A rude, aggressive, power hungry mean bitch. She became less sexy and inviting the more I knew her.
After I was done cleaning up, I brought out coffee. She took it, wrapping her hands around the mug to warm them.
I asked, “Are you cold? Want a coat?”
“That would be nice. Thanks.”
I put on a denim jacket and brought out a leather coat for her, and helped her put it on. I sat next to her. She pulled me closer by my arm and held it tight to her. “Better?” I asked.
“Yes, thanks. Sorry I was bitchy, but this is just nuts, ya know?”
“Maybe we should talk about it some more.” 
“I’m not so sure that’s a good idea. You see that name on the tombstone?”
“Yeah.”
She lifted her head and looked into my eyes. “That’s why I reacted so weird in the cemetery. That was my true first, middle, and last name so it was my whole, actual, name on that stone. The age she was when she died…” She trailed off so I couldn’t hear her, hiding her eyes from me by turning away. 
“What?”
She started again, her voice shaking, “When she died, she was the age I’m going to be on my next birthday, and my birthday is… the day she died.” Tears and mascara ran down her cheeks. 
All of a sudden, I had to help her. She had become so vulnerable. I pulled her close. She shook as she sobbed. 
“Ah! Coincidence that’s all. Nothing to be afraid of. Look at you. Do you think you’re going to die? You’re too young. Soon you’ll be back at work and you’ll forget all about it. We can both forget about all this crazy stuff. Just because I have the other half of the stone you found, means nothing. Just because I dreamt of you before I met you…nothing. Things like that are just coincidences.”
Her eyes went wide. “Wait. You dreamt of me? You have the other half of the stone? Let me see.”
I took the vibrating crystal from my pocket. Leyna took hers from her purse. We moved them together. The vibration multiplied.
Leyna dropped her half. “Do you feel it?”
“Yes.”
I picked it up and put them back together. They formed a heart. The colors seemed lit from the inside as it illuminated our faces. I put the whole stone on the table.
Leyna took it and rubbed it on her body. “Mmm.” She closed her eyes and held it against her forehead. “This feels so freaking good.” She shuddered, twitched. “Oh my God.” Finally, she calmed, all her muscles relaxed and she took it from her head. She put her half in her purse and handed me mine.
Shaking, Leyna looked at me, her face streaked from the mascara. “Coincidence?” Did you plant this at the jewelry store? What are you up to? Did you call my boss and have him send me here? What’s in that thing that makes it feel so damn good?”
“No. Aysel gave this to me. It’s from the 1400s. She said you would have the other half. There’s nothing inside.”
“Then she must have planted it at the store. She’s trying to play matchmaker here. That’s all. No coincidence, just manipulation. I must be imagining the feeling I get from it. That gravestone is probably a fake, too.”
She was gaining control again and she wiped her eyes, getting mascara on her fingers and her long nails. “How about we do some shots? I need to accomplish something this weekend.”
Leyna jumped up and headed to the bathroom. I followed because of her uneven gait, and heard a bang when she bumped into the wall. She yelled, “Oops, have to pee.” The door slammed.
I went back on the deck and snuffed out all the candles. It was getting too cold to stay outside. 
Leyna’s heels clicked back to the kitchen at an uneven pace. She kept her hands on the walls as she walked. “Tequila, señor, por favor.” She tossed her purse on the couch and wrapped her arms around my neck, her makeup refreshed. 
“Tequila it is.” I undid her arms, went to the kitchen and poured two shots. “Lemon and salt?”
She shook her head no and slammed it down. “Nah! Drink up, Shriner!” She lifted the shot to my mouth.
I drank it down. “Woof. Smooth, but potent.”
“Yeah, just like me. Have any cigarettes here?”
I dug some out of a junk drawer, opened the pack, and lit one for her. Leyna poured two more shots and then lifted hers to toast. 
“Here’s to all that stuff being gobbledygook and crap. Long life and good sex! Tequila makes me horny.” She slammed down the second one and I followed.
There was a sound inside my head, I think, or maybe outside. It was very loud, like blaring trumpets. The look on Leyna’s face told me she heard it, too. It grew in volume.
It thundered, but rain wasn’t predicted. Lightning flashed in the windows, hitting the ground next to the trailer, making us both jump. I smelled the ozone from the strikes, but I also smelled something sweet. “You put different perfume on?” 
“Nope. I smell it, too.” Leyna held my arm tight as the noisy, yet rainless, storm grew. The wind made the chimes on the deck ring fiercely. The trailer filled with a blinding white light. Trumpets blared as if signaling the arrival of royalty. Leyna’s long nails dug into the flesh of my bicep. 





“We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.”
Anton Chekhov
14
We both closed our eyes to protect them from the blinding light. The sounds, wind, and the storm stopped abruptly. We opened our eyes tentatively.
“Okay, you two! Enough of this crap! This is real and you better start realizing it!”
“Aaahhh!” Leyna screamed right next to my ear.
“Who the hell are you?” I screamed to the patchouli-smelling, one of four, intruder now standing in my kitchen. He had to be seven feet tall. Reddish blond hair, tan skin, wearing a leather motorcycle jacket and pants, no shirt beneath the coat, and a sizable gold shield dangling from a thick gold chain resting on his huge pecs. A scabbard with crystal embellishments was fixed to his gold-studded black belt. The scabbard held a long sword. We were going to get robbed, or killed, or both.
“Don’t worry, we’re not gonna rob you,” a honey-like voice came from one guy. Girl? Oddly dressed, and similar to the first one in leathers, his or her skin was creamy smooth and he or she had chestnut colored long hair with vivid green eyes. The tall one picked up the bottle of tequila and slugged down half of it.
The third one was behind Leyna with his weathered looking skin. He had a longer brown leather coat and pants, with a shirt that appeared to be made of woven vines. His hair was salt and pepper, and when he looked at me, the aroma of woods and greenery filled my senses. 
He lit a cigarette and spoke with smoke coming out of his nostrils. His deep, deep voice said, “Sucks that you don’t remember us. Makes it hard to help you. All those promises we made to each other.” He slugged down some tequila and handed the bottle to the fourth one, who tossed his blond hair over his shoulders. His gray eyes looked us over. 
The last one slugged some tequila and gently placed the bottle on the counter. He wore a shirt of feathers with a different leather coat and pants than the others. 
The androgynous one looked like a little brother imitating his big brother, the tall one, with their identical clothes. I wondered what it meant. Were they brothers?
The tall one responded as if he read my mind, “Gabby isn’t my brother, but can be extremely annoying. No creativity, that damn messenger! The way that he or she likes to copy my clothes. I am reading your mind, Sevilen. Wake up, man. Why don’t you two take a seat at the table? We’ll all sit and discuss it.”
“Discuss what? How you guys snuck in here while the storm raged?”
“Snuck in? We don’t sneak. We announce ourselves. Sometimes we just observe, like when I was a raven today. So, back to the announcement of our arrival. What about the horns, the blaring trumpets, Sevilen? Was that from the storm?”
“You guys could have a boom box on the deck, or something. Easy enough.”
“And the blinding white light?” 
“Big deal. Photo lights you could have held in your hands and pointed in our eyes.”
They all sat; the tall one made the chair look like a child’s size. The ruddy salt and pepper guy spoke. “Why can’t we bring back their memories? This is terrible. They don’t even think we’re angels.”
“Maybe some warped version of the Hell’s Angels. You can’t be serious!” I cried out incredulously as I took a seat at the table and Leyna sat on my lap.
The tall one said, “Let’s start again.” He seemed truthful and non-threatening, but extremely formidable.
He continued, “Good, I’m glad you view me as truthful and non-threatening. Maybe we can get somewhere.”
“How did —”
“I am an archangel, you idiot!” He shook his head, took a deep breath, and calmed down. “Sorry for raising my voice, Lord Sevilen, but you’re trying my patience. Let me speak and you stop worrying. Lady Leyna, you okay?”
Leyna sat on my lap with a gaping jaw. “Uh, yeah, good.”
“Don’t think about that stuff with me. I’m not suitable for humans.” He let out a supernatural laugh that shook the walls. Leyna’s eyes popped open.
“I wasn’t thinking—”
“You can’t lie to me, so stop.” He gave her a beautiful smile and she melted into me. 
“Let’s start with names. Who are you guys?”
“Gabby, tell him, would you? You’re the best at delivering this.”
The androgynous one stood and began speaking in that honey-like voice. “Maybe we can try to refresh his memory while I introduce everyone.”
The tall one looked at him with cynicism. “What are you, nuts? They can’t remember. They aren’t opened yet, you idiot.”
“Don’t call me an idiot. I think it would be fun anyway. Geesh, I get a little creative and you get all upset. And just because I think the clothes you pick are cool, doesn’t mean I’m not creative.”
The tall one was getting frustrated. He said, “Oh, Gabriel. Just get this going. What order are we going in?”
“The same normal ritual, of course. Rapper first.”
The four of them lined up. Gabby adjusted the other’s clothes as they shooed him away. They looked like the four stooges. Leyna and I had to laugh. Then when Gabby was satisfied, he began.
“Of the direction of the East! Representing the element of the air! I call to Archangel Raphael, RAPH-EEEEEE-AAEELL! Beautiful, graceful, Archangel of the air and of the East. Join me here at this table to speak with these gods to be!”
Outside, the wind blew again and the man walked forward, stood by his seat at the table, holding the back of it. He had pale, smooth skin, light blond hair and a slight build, but was obviously extremely potent and fully capable of any undertaking. Light gray eyes, in his face of aquiline features, burned bright as he looked at me and parted his lips into a smile full of beautiful white teeth.
He wore blue gray leathers and with his right hand, he unsheathed a sword, the hilt embellished with green jewels and crystal. He swung the sword over and around his head and then down, knocking over the tequila. The wind stopped.
“Oops, sorry. Hi, nice to see you two, I’m the Archangel Raphael, but these days Rapper is more popular, so I go by that. Sorry about the tequila. Good thing it was corked.”
Leyna and I laughed, but we were a bit out of sorts on the wind trick. 
Gabby started again. “And guarding the gates of the South, I present to you the Archangel Michael!”
The tall one stood, facing us with his sword raised in his right hand, pushed up through the roof of the trailer. A scale of truth appeared in his left hand. He looked at the counter and started a fire in a marble bowl beside him. We felt a rush of heat. He walked forward. The fire and the marble bowl, along with the scale of truth, then disappeared.
Gabby continued, introducing Michael. “I present to you Lord Sevilen and Lady Leyna, Archangel MIK-AAA-ELLL! Powerful, decisive, leader of justice and truth!”
Michael smiled, making me feel warm and protected. He slipped his sword into a tiger’s eye, hematite and bloodstone decorated sheath. I smelled patchouli as he moved toward us. He looked down and smiled.
“Call me Mike.” He walked over to the fridge and grabbed a six-pack of beer, handing it out to everyone. He opened one and slugged half of it down. “Love beer.” He then took his seat at the table.
Gabby said, “To the gatekeeper of the West!” He pointed to his chest. I smelled the salt of the ocean and gazed upon the androgynous being dressed like Mike. “And here I present to you, the beautiful Archangel Gabriel! Me!”
Gabby stepped forward and the light inside and outside reached a blinding whiteness. It subsided until we could see it emanating from Gabby’s form. Green eyes bored inside of Leyna and me as he or she spoke.
“Nice to see you guys again. I sure hope we can get this thing settled. I can’t be spending all my time with just you two. Lord Sevilen and Lady Leyna, I bring you this message, and I implore you, believe, and know the truth. You will be gods if you will only believe.”
Gabby touched our heads and sent a feeling of love through us and then popped open a beer and took a gulp with full soft lips. Flipping chestnut hair over a shoulder, Gabby began the final introduction.
Gabby performed a thunderous drum roll on the table. Next, a clap of thunder nearly knocked Leyna and I from our seat as Gabby shouted, “Gatekeeper of the North!”
I smelled leaves in the fall and rich earth blowing in through the slightly open window. Thunder clapped, and shook the trailer. “I present to thee, Archangel AUR-III-ELLL! Archangel of vision and psychic sight, ministration and peace, the giver of the Kabala, please join us if you will.”
The salt and pepper-haired guy in the tan leathers moved forward. His skin was dry and swarthy and black eyes blinked slowly. His steady, firm gaze locked in on me. He gave a subtle grin and nodded before speaking slowly with a deep, sonorous, voice.
“Lord Sevilen, I came here to help in your quest. You have lessons to learn.” His eyes locked onto Leyna’s. “As does your other half. I am here to help you both.” He sat at the table.
Mike took over. “Okay, now you know we’re the archangels of the four quarters. We aren’t guys you would normally have helping you, especially all four of us. Nevertheless, we made a pact way back when, in the 1400s, and you two have been brought together as Lord Sevilen commanded in his spell. Now it is our challenge, and it doesn’t look easy, to help you two become gods. Why we would want you to be more powerful than us is beyond me, but we have helped promote stranger ones than you two.”
He looked me in the eye and then at Leyna. “Do you know what you two need to do?”
“What, I’m supposed to save this nutcase on my lap and we’re both gonna become gods?”
“Right. Good. You got it right. Now do it. Like Gab said, believe and know and do. Okay, then we’re done here. Good job.” He stood.
“No frickin’ way! She just wants to shag me and I think she’s a lunatic.” 
Leyna turned around and slapped me in the face. “Lunatic? You’re the one who can’t handle me making passes at you. No man ever turns me down. I was starting to think Alexander was your lover.” She rubbed her bottom into me like a lap dancer.
I shook my head, let out a deep breath then looked at Michael. “All of this is just a mental fabrication of my demented self. Everything you guys just did, we dreamt.”
Michael’s face grew red as he puffed a cigar. Gabby shook his head and covered his, uh her, eyes. Auriel stood and put a bottle of whiskey on the table with a bunch of glasses. Rapper just put his head on his arms and looked up at us with frustration.
I continued, “Angels have wings and stuff. They don’t drink booze and smoke cigars. This has to be a twisted fabrication of my unstable self, since you’re all dressed like drug dealers. And your speech is all present day. It’s weird, though, that you guys are calling me Lord Sevilen like Alexander does.”
Leyna leaned back and looked at me. “Yeah right, Alexander, that imaginary servant of yours you’re in love with, sure. This is a train wreck and I’m done with it.”
Mike turned his chair sideways. He unsheathed his sword and pointed it at the wall. He carved out a garage-sized door from where he sat, by aiming his sword at it. The wall fell outside, pictures and all. 
He illuminated the deck with an image of the past, of Sevilen and Leyna standing on the deck. They kissed. Then he showed Leyna burning on a pyre followed by Sevilen in the temple with the four of them. The deck went black again. Mike sipped his beer and spoke. “Fabrication?”
“Twisted fabrication,” I said.
Mike looked at Leyna. “How about that tombstone. Coincidence? There are a bunch of them around the country from the different lives you’ve led. They all died at the same age. You’re no different and will meet the same end at the same age. You have only months to go, if you don’t change with Sevilen’s help.”
“How the hell…?” Leyna looked a bit flustered with Michael knowing about the tombstone, but in seconds, she was able to defy belief in what she was being told. “No way. Dream. Psychotic illusion. Something in the water here.”
“Sevilen, do you want to be responsible for her death in this life, now that you finally caught up with her after all these years?” He looked at me, eyes pleading for us to believe. 
“She’ll be fine. She’s too tough to die so young.” 
He stood, as did the others. They shook their heads as we sat on the chair. Then, they were gone.
Leyna shrugged, got up, grabbed the bottle of tequila and sat back on my lap. She pulled the cork with a pop, slugged a couple of gulps from it, and banged it on the table.
She looked at me with drooping eyelids. “C’mon. I want to play with you. I need to get this done.” She tried to stand and passed out. I carried her to the bedroom, put her under the covers, and went to sleep next to her.
I woke the next morning and Leyna was already gone. She had left a message in lipstick on the bathroom mirror. “Shag yourself and shag all of this!” I guessed I made an impression on her. Her car was gone and she was nowhere to be found. I checked the cottage. It was cleared out.
I came back to the trailer and looked it over before I left. Evidence of what happened last night remained. It might not have been a dream or some psychotic episode. There were cigar ashes, too many empty beer cans than the two of us could consume, and the one glaring thing. A huge garage door-sized hole was in the side of the trailer and the wall was out on the deck.





“The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg not by smashing it open.”
Arnold Glasow
15
“Lord Sevilen, welcome home,” Alexander said as he greeted me at the front door with a hug and a wide smile. “Did you enjoy your brief respite at Angels Guard? Meet anyone interesting?”
“How did you know? Yes, she was there.”
“I have my abilities as well, sir. I am an old soul, you know. So, when does training begin? Will she be here for dinner? Will she need her own room? I can have one readied for her. Don’t worry about the trailer. Mike apologized and I’m going to have it taken care of. Aren’t they a great group of guys?”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down there, Al. I don’t think she likes me that much and she’s not anywhere near ready for training yet. I think she needs some time to review her vacation. Right now, she won’t believe anything. She’s totally in denial. I don’t think she’ll even talk to me.”
Alexander’s face lost its sparkle. He took my bag and looked intently at me as he spoke softly, “Sorry to hear that, sir, but I know you will get there eventually. Not to be excessively optimistic, but you are right. In all likelihood, she isn’t ready yet. Patience is also a tool of divinity. I’ll take care of your things while you rest from the trip.”
“Thank you, Alexander. Don’t worry. We will prevail. I’ll find her and get this project moving along.”
“I am confident of that, sir.”
He didn’t look too confident at all. Alexander’s shoulders drooped in disappointment as he carried my bag up the stairs.
Patience. What could I do to pass the time and allow Leyna her incubation? Maybe I could learn some more about the family and our past. Maybe I could become more a part of this wonderful old mansion.
I looked around the foyer at refinished floors glistening in a purplish glow beneath my feet. The regality of the wood was a pleasure to gaze upon. I’d never noticed the purple hue. I thought it was a dark cherry, but after the patina had been stripped and the wood refinished, it was incredible. A worker was passing through the lower hall.
I called to him, “Sir, can you tell me what was done to this floor?” He hurried over with a worried look on his face. 
“You are Mr. Decarain, are you not?”
“Yes, I’m Sevilen.” 
He lowered his eyes and spoke softly, his large frame looked more like a cowering submissive rather than the robust, skilled tradesman he was.
“Something’s wrong. It’s not to your liking. I haven’t done it correctly. I’m so sorry. I can redo it.”
“No, please. It’s beautiful beyond belief. I just have some questions. What’s your name?”
“My name is Polat. I am happy you like what I have done. It is a rare wood and needed to be brought back to its original beauty.”
“What kind of wood is it? How did you get the color?”
“It’s called purple heart wood. It comes from the tropical rainforest. Unfortunately, since the time this house was built, the wood has been over-harvested and is hard to find. A floor like this would cost a fortune today. It’s naturally purple after it is cut. The sunlight makes it turn brown, so I used a special finish to protect it from the sun and it should stay this color for a very long time. It is sometimes called the wizard’s wood because of the color.”
“Interesting…wizard. You don’t say? Thank you, Polat. I’m glad I got to speak to you. Keep up the wonderful work.”
“Thank you, sir.”
I continued my walk around the house. It had been brought back to its original splendor and glory and it was magical. I thought about the magical part—it was what I needed. Who has wizard wood in their home other than a wizard?
I needed to start using my new capabilities, but I didn’t really feel comfortable after creating and destroying a universe, so I decided to use my human skills to track down Leyna. I’m not sure I wanted to be too patient about it either, since there was a time element of considerable importance involved.
“You bet your bippy! Now close your eyes, see where she is, and go to her. That’s all you need to do.”
“Aysel! Could you please not sneak up on me like that?”
She laughed. “Sorry, Sevi, I guess I should have assembled outside and walked in. The house looks great. All real, too. You know your magic could take care of it, too, if you’d just quit being so stubborn and believe. You heard Gabby, didn’t you?” Aysel clicked her way around the room in her high heel boots and looked at things while she waited for my response.
“I don’t think I’m quite ready for magic. I don’t need it anyway. I’ll find her and then I can work on the next step. First, I have to like her. How did I fall in love with her before?”
“I really don’t know, sweetie. She’s always been a capital b with an itch, if you catch my drift. For some reason, she and you were selected a long, long time ago to become gods together.”
Aysel sat on the newly reupholstered sofa, crossed a leg and bounced her foot, while she waved at the coffee table and made a tea setting appear with two cups of steaming jasmine tea. “Tea, dear?”
I sat down next to her and grabbed a cup. “You do this just like that?”
“Of course. You can, too. Just do it.”
“No thanks.”
“Sevi. You have to start accepting this, or you’ll not get anywhere and waste all your time. Not to mention you won’t be immortal if you don’t start acting like a god. You created a universe and destroyed it, remember? You certainly can do minor wizardly things like tea settings, or find Leyna, if you wanted.” Aysel sipped from her cup, her new shag haircut looked stunning the way it framed her face.
“Thank you, I’m glad you like it.”
“Do you always have to read minds?”
“Of course not, but it makes things much simpler.”
“Don’t you feel like you’re intruding? Kind of a privacy issue, isn’t it?”
“Oh, grow up. You’re a god. You can darn well do what you want. So start being a god and get this going.”
Aysel poured herself some more tea and added some to my cup. She sat in the twentysomething body she wore, looking at me with those beautiful eyes.
“I know I’m cute, but start thinking about the god business.” Aysel turned into the homeless guy again and sat there laughing.
“Aysel, the world I live in doesn’t fit well with magic. The thought of that universe makes me reluctant, so I intend to hold off for now, okay?” The homeless guy was drooling through the missing tooth space. It ran down his chin and he wiped it with a ratty coat sleeve. I had to laugh.
“Disgusting, isn’t this? I don’t like to stay in this form for long, so I’ll leave you. I have things to attend to.”
She turned back into herself, stood on her tiptoes and kissed me on the cheek. “Try it. You’ll like it, Sevi. Soon, okay?”
I gave her a hug. “Okay, Ninee.”
“Na! NO Ninee!”
“Okay, Aysel. Oh, by the way, I may have messed things up for you down at Deer Lake. I told them you were dead.”
“Not to worry. I’ll just wipe that memory from them when I get there and it’ll be as if it never happened. See ya.” She winked and disappeared. I went to my office and set about trying to find Leyna.





“We fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them.”
Titus Livy
16
A whole month passed and no one had any idea where Leyna was. She called work the day after she left me and said she was taking a sabbatical. No one had heard from her since. Not her jeweler, any of the restaurants she went to, her favorite shoe store, not her apartment manager in the city. They said she’d paid rent for the rest of the year and left. Now what? Alexander walked in as I was looking out the window feeling helpless.
“Lord Sevilen.”
I turned to face him. “Lord?”
“Sorry, sir. Maybe I can help you find Leyna, since you are reluctant to use your new abilities to do so.”
“You can do that, too? I don’t want to use magic.”
“I meant there are people I can call, since I am fully aware of your reluctance with magic. I have friends, acquaintances that can be of assistance—people in government agencies that find information out about people. I think they would be glad to help. They can search airline databases, tell us what hotel she may be staying in and where she has been spending her money. They do it for anybody in their graces. God-like, don’t you think?”
Alexander stood there grinning after showing me the comparison and how silly I was being by not using my powers. The government pried into people’s lives every day using their own version of magic.
Alexander looked at me and waited patiently, then asked, “Can I get you some lunch, since I’m here? And tell me; is it okay if I start the ball rolling with my acquaintances? I would think you’ll have an answer in a couple of hours.”
“Alexander, please do. Both. Thanks for being patient with me.”
“No thanks necessary, Lord Sevilen.”
“Lord?”
“Forgive me, I am sorry, sir, it’s so hard not to call you that. Thank you for your patience.”
“No problem.”
Alexander kept his word. By the time I had finished lunch, he had answers. Leyna was in the Czech Republic, in Prague. She was staying at a small luxury hotel in the Stare Mesto, meaning the old part of the city, on Hastalska Street.
She frequented a nightclub there within walking distance of her hotel called “The Fragola Project”—Fragola is an Italian word meaning strawberry—on Kolkovne Street in Stare Mesto. She shopped the jewelry and clothing stores there. Why she ever went to Prague was beyond me.
“Sir, Prague is ranked in the top three places in the world to visit. The city is ancient and is rich in history. People from Russia, Germany, the UK, and the US all visit. The locals speak English well, are welcoming to Americans, and the food and drink are superb. I think she made a good choice.”
“Evidently Leyna doesn’t have any issues with her finances. Paying her city apartment rent for a year and running off to Prague to live.”
“Lady Leyna has been rich in every life since it was appropriate for women to have that kind of independent wealth. If it weren’t appropriate at the time, she connected herself to a wealthy male. She has it in her nature since it is an area she is most developed. 
“Unfortunately, she has not developed the higher levels that would diminish her likelihood to be rotten, mean, and cruel. Thus, she uses her powers to berate and overpower others as a form of entertainment. Consequently, she brings herself to an early demise because of it. She only has nine months and some days before her next birthday, when the inevitable will occur.
“I suspect Prague is a wonderful playground for her to make powerful men her playthings and ruin their lives. I think, should you go there, you would find it to be the case, but you could rescue her like a knight in shining armor. Shall I charter a private jet, sir?”
“A private jet? Do you know how much that costs? Just book me a commercial flight. Coach.”
Alexander looked put aside. “Sir, please. If not the private jet, then at least go first class. Do you know how uncomfortable the nine hour flight will be in coach?”
“Alexander, I’m not a first class kind of guy.”
Alexander stood starch straight with a look of astonishment on his face. “Sir, as of today you are worth seventy-eight billion dollars. You can afford to live in the style you deserve. There is nothing wrong with being rich.”
“Next time, Alexander.”





“Evermore in the world is this marvelous balance of beauty and disgust, magnificence and rats.”
Ralph Waldo Emerson
17
I had never been to Europe before, though I had been to Asia for work. I’d travelled business class then, which was comfortable, but those were sixteen-hour flights. Europe seemed just a hop, skip, and a jump compared to that.
Alexander took the liberty of purchasing extra legroom for me, since it was only fifty-nine dollars more. It gave me six more inches, but it hardly seemed worth it. His heart was in the right place, though. He was always looking out for me.
I left the Cleveland airport, arrived at Washington Dulles and then on to Brussels, Belgium. From Brussels, a flight to Prague. I tried to sleep on the way over, but wasn’t successful—the seats in coach were so uncomfortable. To top it off, my bag didn’t make it to Prague. When I got there, I had no clean clothes and it was time for lunch on Prague time. My body said it was about eleven p.m. Maybe Alexander was right and I should have taken the private jet
I checked in and cleaned up; using the razor and toothbrush the hotel gave me. The room was fairly small and it took me a few minutes to figure out how to flush the toilet. I was tired and hungry, and since it was only eleven in the morning there, I decided I needed to stay up until at least eight or nine in the evening to adjust to the time zone. I headed downstairs to the lobby.
“Dobre dan,” I said to the cute young woman at the front desk.
“Dobre den,” she replied, correcting me as she smiled. “Can I halp you?” Her accent was endearing.
I took out the picture of Leyna I’d brought and showed it to her. “Have you seen this woman? Her name is Leyna.”
Her face revealed some dislike when she recognized Leyna. “Yes, I have. Che left a while ago to go shopping. Che chops a lot. Che usually comes back and then goes back out again for dinner and then the clubs. Would you like to leave message?” She looked at me with pen and paper at the ready.
“No message. Genkuye mami,” I said and I walked out the door to find something to eat. I wandered around the city amazed at the oldness of it. The church across the street from my hotel was built in 1347. The streets and sidewalks were paved with two-inch-by-two-inch squares of granite, all hand laid with half-inch spaces between each one. It must have taken an enormous amount of labor to pave the whole city this way.
The buildings were in beautiful condition, many of them as old as the church. Cars drove past, tires rumbling loudly on the stone roads as they did. 
The smell of late summer was in the air on the busy street. People were enjoying the comfortable day. Flowers were sold in the streets. I heard different languages being spoken as I walked along the shops and checked the restaurant menus on the windows. Czech, Russian, German, and the Queen’s English filled my ears.
Women in high heels and miniskirts pushed strollers. It was amazing how they were able to walk on the streets without breaking an ankle. Many of them sounded Russian. I kept my eyes open for Leyna.
I found a place to eat I couldn’t resist. I took a seat by the window, settled in with bowls of homemade chicken soup and goulash. When I ordered some water, I was served sparkling water. Apparently, sparkling water was the first choice here. After I ordered and drank a glass of “still water”, the waiter informed me people drink sparkling water because fish pee in the still water. It was kind of him to share with me.
Rejuvenated by the food, I decided to continue my walk through the city streets. The shops were full of all sorts of souvenirs and jewelry—things I was sure Leyna would have to have. A profusion of garnet rings, earrings, and bobbles graced store after store, the prices in the three hundred to ten thousand dollar range. I was sure she was collecting these.
I reached the old town square and, as I entered, I saw Leyna pass me while she hung on the arm of a large blond, Russian man. She was looking up at him and hadn’t seen me. I turned quickly and followed them.
She walked expertly on the stone pavers, as the rest of the women did, in black leather stiletto boots. Her left hand was adorned with a huge garnet embellished gold ring on the middle finger, and another on her thumb, which she held on the back of the Russian’s black leather coat. Her nails had been done and were long, curved, and painted hot pink with jeweled embellishments. Her hair was flowing over a black leather vest that came to the top of her black leather miniskirt. Her legs were clad in sheer stockings. The way she was dressed fit right in with the rest of the city crowd. 
The man was obviously enjoying her company as she allowed his hand to caress her through her skirt. They stopped in front of the Astronomical Clock and paused to look up. An ancient clock built in the 600s and added on to until it told the positions of the planets and astronomical signs.
I stayed back as Leyna pulled him close for a kiss, slipping her hand between them. Her arm went back and forth, noticeably caressing him.
He took Leyna by the hand. They crossed the street and entered a restaurant. I followed as Leyna’s friend led them through the bar to the back, paying the man sitting by the bathrooms the requisite ten crowns.
The two of them went into one bathroom and the door locked behind them. I took a seat at the bar where, if I turned on my seat when they exited, I wouldn’t be seen. I ordered a beer.
The man by the bathroom stood and went into the kitchen, leaving the closed door unattended. I stood by it to see what I could hear. It was Leyna saying quietly, “Faster, yes, like that.” I went back to my seat, disgusted.
I sat and watched the door while I sipped my beer slowly. I was half-finished when the door opened and the tall Russian walked out. He went past me into the street and disappeared across the square.
A couple of minutes later, Leyna came out wearing fresh lipstick and perfectly brushed hair. I turned away as she passed by me.
She sat next to a German man at the bar and immediately put her hand on his leg. She rubbed his leg with her hand. His smile quickly grew and he nodded eagerly. He took her hand and led her outside.
I followed as they walked across the square to a jewelry store and began looking at rings. They looked like a happy couple. The man obviously had money as he slid a gold, tiger-head ring with garnet eyes onto the pinky finger of her right hand. He bought it and they left the store.
Outside, Leyna stood on her tiptoes, wrapped her arms around the German’s neck, and kissed him deeply on the lips. While she did, she dropped her right hand below his waist.
She whispered in his ear and started to walk again. They went into another bar, directly to the bathroom, paid the standard ten crowns and locked the door behind them. This time, as I sat in the booth by the bathroom, I heard banging against the wall.
Again, the guy left first and Leyna came out and went to the bar to see if there was another rich male to claim as her victim. She had taken off one of her rings, probably to make room for a new one.
Not finding what she wanted, she went into the street. She stood and lit a cigarette while she surveyed the crowd. When she finished her cigarette, she snuffed it under her boot and lit another. 
Should I approach her? What would she do? She left me before and she obviously was enjoying what she was doing here. If I approached her, she might take off and I’d have to track her down again. I decided to lie back a while and see. How would I ever get her back to the States? How would I keep her alive? We only had nine months left before her birthday, or death day. She’d been in Prague for two months.
I watched as she found her next mark like a lioness stalking her prey. When she approached, he smiled and nodded. This one appeared very affluent. He was a tall, dark Russian, with a black beard and hair. He took a roll out of his pocket and folded off a stack of five-hundred-crown bills.
Leyna looked around before shoving them into the purse on her wrist. This time they went into the front of a small hotel and went up the elevator together.
I didn’t wait for her this time. Why would I want to help her? This was the worst assignment I ever had. This woman was a nightmare, not someone I could love.





“Doing what needs to be done may not make you happy, but it will make you great.”
George Bernard Shaw
18
I spent the rest of the afternoon walking around and seeing the sights. I crossed the Vltava River on the Charles Bridge, built in the thirteen hundreds. It had statues of saints, kings, knights, and Jesus on the cross. The oxidation on the bronze was rubbed away in localized spots, leaving shiny gold places where the believers rubbed their hands on it, or kissed it.
There was something familiar about that walk and Prague Castle at the top of the hill. I half expected, and actually looked for, the horses and horse-drawn carriages I somehow heard walking across the bridge.
Same thing at the Gothic Saint Vitus Cathedral, with its huge rose windows above the door and the massive flying buttresses. Its name was chosen as a name that the Pagan slavs of the time would feel more comfortable with, and could relate to the sound of, in order to help make their conversion easier. The arm of Saint Vitus was then acquired from the Emperor Henry to support the name of the cathedral.
The power of the Church at that time, both political and social, was extremely evident. A commoner was able to go into a church on Sunday and hear music, see the overwhelming building structures and decorations, stained glass, and so on. It must have been very impressive, to say the least. An entity more powerful than even a King. This would quickly leave a Pagan as a minority, which left the remaining independent-thinking Pagans to be squashed and wiped out in favor of the new power and control regime that created an easily regulated homogenous society. It amazed me to think of it all.
Staring up at the spires of the cathedral, rain dripped from the gargoyles’ mouths, rain left over from the quick shower that passed while I was inside observing Leyna. I was lost in time, hearing hooves of the past clopping, when a sound from the present day disturbed my reverie.
My cell phone was ringing. Alexander’s smiling face appeared on the screen.
“Sir, how is your trip going? The cathedral is amazing, and yes, you’ve been there before, and since you are starting to open to your gifts, you are starting to remember it all.”
“Alexander…oh, never mind. I guess I can handle your knowing of things. Yes, it is quite amazing and it does feel very familiar.”
“As it should be, we were there in 1437 after the end of the Hussite wars that ran for the twenty-eight years previous. Those were the religious wars between the Hussites and the Roman Catholic Church. They started when a preacher was accused of heresy and the people rebelled. The Prague priest, Jan Zelivsky, then threw the city’s councilors from the new town hall. Such a mix of Church and state. It’s fortunate you went through it since it helped you assist Thomas Jefferson to write the Constitution, though in a different incarnation then.
“By the way, you need to get involved in US politics again. The Church and state separation is starting to blur again, if you hadn’t noticed. Anyway, sir, that’s something you can help with later to balance the evil forces.”
“Jefferson?”
“Yes. Anyway, the Prague Castle had deteriorated significantly and you were called in by Sigismund’s daughter’s husband, Albert II, Duke of Austria, who had become the Bohemian King after Sigismund’s death in 1437. They viewed you as a possible ally and peacemaker to help rebuild and smooth the transition after the war. Unfortunately, for them, he died two years later. At the same time you were dealing with Leyna’s wildness and her deteriorating situation, or should I say increasing power, which called you home quickly. You loved the city so much and vowed to return. Now you have.”
“Alexander, you’re such a font of knowledge. I helped Thomas Jefferson?”
“And many others. You were a free-of-charge consultant, though you always profited from your activities. It created more and more wealth as you helped people.”
“Interesting. I don’t doubt you anymore Alexander. I never would have known why I feel so connected to this city.
“Yes, as you open you will remember. You also know Leyna doesn’t care about the money she makes from prostitution as much as she loves the destruction of the lives of the married men she entraps and wipes out. However, of course you must now know, that is the main element of her ultimate demise. The demise she is creating in this life, if you don’t intervene, as she did in her others.
“Married men?”
“Of course, sir. She has a video camera in her hotel and she sends the footage to the wives and the men’s powerful associates  Someone will try to kill her soon and may have already tried. Please, get her and travel home in the manner you and Aysel traveled to Paris. It will make things much simpler for you.”
“Like in the hallucination I had?”
”Uh, yes sir, like the hallucination. You can do it, believe.”
“But then how will she learn?”
“You will teach.”
“Her? Yeah right. No thanks.”
Alexander cleared his throat authoritatively. “Excuse me, sir, I think then you should at least be with her at all times, ready to engage your magic should the need arise, unless you want to be doing this all over again many, many years from now when your lives finally intersect again.”
“Alexander, please. I don’t like her and I can’t bear to watch her.”
“You must do something, trust me, or as I say, you will endure much more. At the least, make yourself invisible, or take on another form, and be with her all the time so you can protect her should the need arise.”
“She has many months yet.”
“Haven’t you heard of people on life support who’ve endured severe injuries and die when Christmas, or their birthday, or their son’s birthday, or whatever arrives?”
“I guess there are those coincidences.”
“Yes, sir, coincidences. You must choose. I highly suggest magic for you, if not for you both, and get back here. You must not let her die again.”
“So I go invisible or take another form? How? By just thinking it and willing it, I suppose. Ridiculous.”
“Yes.
“Okay.”
“Have a good day, Lord Sevilen.”
I heard the click and emptiness as Alexander hung up on me. I guess his patience was thinning, too. A gargoyle dripped spittle on the ground before me from a hundred feet up. The sun was bright and I smelled the flowers on the woman’s cart that passed me. I heard the clatter of hooves again. I put my cell in its holster.
I continued working my way back to the hotel. The Vltava River flowed as I made my way along the bordering walk and saw the statues from another vantage point at the river’s edge. They were selling spiced wine at a bar on the river and I decided to stop for one before I continued my trek.
I took a seat at the nearly deserted bar and instead, decided on a beer, which they poured in European style with the thick head that stuck to the side of the glass as it followed the beer down. It was so different from the way Americans drank beer, trying to avoid making a head. It was rich and creamy, versus light and tasteless. I relished it as I looked around.
There was a thin, shapely woman sitting at the other end of the bar. She wore a short, well-fitted, low cut top, peasant mini dress with expensive looking stockings and very high strappy heels gracing her shapely legs. Long, hot pink fingernails matched her full, Cupid’s bow painted lips. Silky, blond hair reached the bottom of her back above her round and firm apple bottom. She appeared about five foot two before you added in the heels.
She smiled at me distractedly. She definitely wasn’t out hunting as Leyna had been, and she looked depressed as if someone she was counting on had stood her up. She knocked the ash off her cigarette and took a last drag.
I went to the men’s room and found I didn’t have to pay the ten crowns, since I was a patron. I heard a familiar voice as I was leaving the bathroom and soon realized Leyna was in the bar.
She was sitting next to that woman, who immediately got her things together and left. What should I do? How do I keep my eye on Leyna? If she sees me, she’ll probably take off again.
Leyna evidently felt comfortable with the woman, since she chose to sit right next to her when the whole rest of the bar was available. Leyna probably didn’t know if the woman was leaving, or just going to the bathroom. 
Can I? Should I? Could I?
The woman left the bar through the back door, passing me in the hall, rolling her eyes on the way. It would be imagined and not real, wouldn’t it? I belabored the decision in my mind as I stood in the corridor to the bathroom watching Leyna order a drink.
I heard Alexander in my head telling me not to let her die, to keep an eye on her. 
Maybe I could become Alexander. I had a good picture of that. But then she’d probably try to mess with him like the rest of the guys. There was only one good option.
I pictured the woman who’d just left and said to myself, “I am her duplicate in form, clothing, voice, all nuances and mannerisms—complete with her memories, but with my mind.”
That skin crawling feeling overcame me again. As I stood in the hallway of the bathrooms, I became aware of a purse in my hands and the pull of gartered stockings on my legs. I ran into the men’s room and caught myself from falling in the heels, by holding the wall. I looked into the mirror. It had worked. The exact woman who’d left the bar was staring back at me in the mirror.
My heart raced. I hung onto the sink to keep from fainting. As I looked in the mirror again, my vision narrowed to a tunnel and went almost completely black. I stabilized and regained my full vision as I looked into her gorgeous, made-up eyes. I blinked and watched my new eyes blink.
I took a few deep breaths looking at myself in the mirror as if the reflection was someone else.
My breasts heaved and my dress pulled tight across my chest when I inhaled. I licked my lips noticing they weren’t coated evenly with lipstick. I automatically took the lipstick and reapplied it, shaping them expertly. I sprayed on some perfume. I washed my tiny hands, feeling their sensitivity as the soap slicked them and the towel scratched.
“This feels real,” I said, as a man entered the men’s room and quickly left. I gathered my wits and went out to sit at the bar, walking naturally in the heels somehow. What an amazing transformation. “I can do this,” I said under my breath. 
Leyna was still at the bar when I took the woman’s seat. I glanced at her, trying my best to be a woman. From the bathroom experience, it seemed I had all the knowledge already. She looked at me and smiled.
“Still working?”
“Nyet,” I said, trying to get comfortable with this form and carry on conversation. “On holiday.”
“Just looking for a man for some fun. How nice,” Leyna said as she shifted in her chair to turn her body toward me. If I didn’t know better, I’d say she was attracted to me. She put her hand on my leg.
“Nyet, (My woman’s voice actually came out with an accent too.) I vas going to meet boyfriend here, start holiday, but that vas two hours ago and he no show up. He no answer his cell, it goes to voice mail, and I tink, he accidental pick it up and said allo and then hung up on me.”
How did I know these things, if in fact they ever happened? My words surprised me as they came out. I had quite a nice woman’s voice, with a very sexy accent.
Leyna touched the top of my stockings and her fingernail rested on the skin of my thigh. Was this her way of reassuring a fellow woman?
She said, “I know what you need to do, sweetie, been there, done that. I can help.” She smiled, called the bartender over, and ordered me a drink. He looked at me strangely, thinking I just left.
“Spaseeba. Zank you, you nice. I tink he come around,” I heard myself saying.
“No he won’t. He’s just a monkey. Men are monkeys and all they want to do is, well, you know. What they get, they deserve, which as far as I’m concerned, is to lose what they have.” Leyna smiled, handed me my drink, and toasted. “To screwing the guys.”
I reluctantly clinked and looked at her with a little smile. She had changed her clothes and was wearing tight fitting jeans and a blouse that wasn’t exceptionally revealing. I got the impression she had finished working for the day and was relaxing; satisfied that she had gotten far enough with her goals today.
It was about six p.m. from what I could tell. I looked at my wrist, and there was no watch. I looked around the bar, no clock. I looked outside. Setting sun in about two hours. Yes, about six.
“Mmm,” Leyna said as she slid her hand up my leg and smelled my recently sprayed perfume behind my ear. “Smells as luscious as you look and feel. Can I buy you dinner? Maybe we can go somewhere with some good food. Good food and a couple drinks and you’ll feel as good as new.”
She leaned into me, and I have to admit she was getting this woman excited.
I had to remind myself why I was there and the danger she was in. I looked around for assailants. There were none. Just the bartender, and Leyna, making me feel crazy. I uncomfortably crossed my legs in the dress and stockings and felt Leyna’s hand remain, just shifting to adjust to my new position. She introduced herself.
“My name is Leyna DiAmore,” she said as she held out her other hand.
“Allo, I, uh, nice meet you,” I blurted as I tried to think of an appropriate name.
“What’s your name?”
“My name?”
“Yes.”
“Of course, my name is…” I heard the name of the woman in my head, but I couldn’t use her real name. “My name is Sahasha. Sahasha Bukasha. Da, Sahasha Bukasha. Nice to meet you.” I offered my dainty hand to her, thinking, “What good will I be to her if she does get in trouble tonight?”
She gave me a warm, intoxicating smile and laughed. “So very pleased to meet you, Sahasha. You’re so cute. I’m happy you stopped in here. You feel like a lost soul mate to me. Somehow, I feel I know you from somewhere.”
I thought maybe I could break into her shell, see what made her the way she was and befriend her somehow. Then I could become me again. It might freak her out, but somehow this had to lead to what I needed. I set a mental intention to make it work. I had used magic now, and had a feeling there was no turning back.
“Why, spaseeba, zanks. Leyna, I don’t tink we meet past, but nice you feel comfortable with me. Maybe ve have dinner after all.”
We had another drink and some insignificant chatter while Leyna made passes at me and gave me compliments, both of which I was sucking up for some reason, even knowing the woman I was with was someone I didn’t want to be with a moment ago.
When we were done, Leyna paid the bill and waited while I composed myself and arranged my dress after getting off the bar stool. She smiled and led me to the door, opening it for me. She placed her hand on the small of my back, and insisted I go first. 
The Charles was moving swiftly as we walked past, making our way to Stare Mesto. Leyna held my hand and all the men looked us up and down as we went by. I became acutely aware of my nearly naked and exposed body. We saw a clothing shop and I had to stop.
“I need get new clothes. Dress too little cloth and not going back to hotel, since I done with bum.”
Leyna opened the door for me and let me go first again.
“After you, Sahasha. Forget the bum. I’ll buy you some new clothes and you’re welcome to stay with me tonight if you like. We can have the clothes sent to my hotel and you can change into what you want to wear now in the store.”
“Really? You are vonderful,” I said sincerely, since she really was being very nice. I was sure her ulterior motives were behind it all, but what could she want from this woman other than sex? I knew she wasn’t trying to blackmail her, or ruin her life.
“Yes, here look, these jeans would be perfect. Try them on.”
She bought me about five days’ worth of clothes. The store sent them to the hotel. I emerged from the shop in an outfit very similar to Lenya’s and we went to dinner, walking hand-in-hand again.
Dinner was at a restaurant with a local band playing instruments unknown to me, along with a violin and cello. They were quite good, yet improved as we worked on our creamy, rich Czech Pivo from the tap.
We were in a darker corner of the place, sitting next to each other in a booth. We had a wonderful meal of rabbit in gravy, smoked pork, crispy baked duck with raspberry sauce, sliced potato dumplings, and cooked red and white cabbage with a sweet and sour taste.
When we were about halfway through, I decided to try to find out why Leyna was Leyna. What made her such a bitch and determined to destroy men? I heard Sahasha’s voice say, “Tell more of you and family, dad, mom, and like. I like know you better.”
“My mom was an angel. My dad was the devil. He beat her and me and used me for sex, and then beat me and told me I was a dirty girl. He was powerful, mean, rich, and gave me the inside view of what men are like. Now my mom, God rest her soul, really was an angel, but I vowed never to be like her. She was submissive and had no job or any way out of the marriage. Wasn’t gonna happen to me.”
“Sorry to hear. So now all men same?”
“Yeah, monkeys. Like the one that dumped you tonight.”
“Yes. He big jerk. But not all men that way. I had nice men, too.”
“If they were so nice, why are you still looking?”
“Not everybody fit perfect. Only some. Ven puzzle work, it make beautiful picture. Not all pieces broken like dad. Say mama like angel. Ever meet angel?”
“Meet an angel? Why, have you?”
“Yes, met Michael, Raphael, Gabriel, and Auriel once.”
Her eyes flew open and her hand went to my thigh. “Really?”
“Da! Yes!”
“What did they look like?”
“Hmm, Michael very big, tall, red blond hair. Raphael light blond hair, light gray eyes. Gabriel beautiful, can’t tell if man or woman. Auriel, vise, older, nice.”
Leyna was riveted to me. I could see her brain smoking as she said, “Me too! So I’m not nuts?”
“Just because saw angels no mean not nuts. Which one did your mom look like?”
Leyna laughed. “None of them, but you know what I meant.”
“She sweet.”
“She sure was.”
“So why you meet the angels? How happen?” I asked, thinking this was going well.
“Well, I’m supposed to be a god and this really cute nice guy named Sevilen is the guy who is supposed to save me somehow. He’s supposed to be a god, too. They came to tell us to get our shit together or I’ll die on my birthday this year, like I have repeatedly in multiple lives. Some crap, huh?”
“Maybe not crap. Maybe should be careful not put in any kind of place that make you die. Do you do things to men, you know, to make mad?”
“Well, yeah.” She laughed. “Maybe my mom was too weak to fix them, but I’ll fix them all.”
“Even Sevilen?”
“Well, he’s not powerful and not married, so there isn’t much of a life to destroy there. But he’s still a guy.”
“A god.”
“He’s no more a god than I am.”
“How you know he not a god and if he vas, and you vere, would you believe? Vould you stop hurting all men?”
“Heck, as a god I could destroy them all.”
I played with my food, thinking what to do. It seemed so hopeless. Leyna as a god would be like a mean child on a sunny day with a magnifying glass, chasing ants until they burst. My eyes welled up with a woman’s tears. Damn this sucks. At least I was in jeans and not nearly naked in a dress.
I put my arm around Leyna and rested my head on her shoulder. She was damaged goods and I needed to figure out how to fix her. It wasn’t her fault she was the way she was, and she truly was taking such good care of me. I had gained a very different perspective of her with my masquerade. I was beginning to have a reason, and the will, to help her.
“You okay?” She lifted my face, wiped the tears from my eyes, and kissed my cheek.
“Just tired now.”
“Okay, we’ll go home and you can rest. It’s been a tough day for you.”
“Yes, tough. Zanks for taking care of me.”
“Don’t you worry about a thing, Sahasha. I feel like I’ve known you forever and we’ve always been close.” She hugged me tight.
We went to the Maximilian Hotel on Hastalska Street where Leyna was staying. It was a small luxury hotel in a very old renovated building. She made me sleep in her bed and she slept on the couch.
In the morning, I awoke to Leyna sitting on the edge of the bed, looking at me. She held a glass of orange juice and a plate piled high with breakfast from the buffet downstairs.
“Fuel for my Sahasha.” She was showered, dressed, and smelled wonderful. She wore no makeup, and her natural beauty was astonishing.
“Allo. Spaseeba, zank you.” I sat up, wrapped the blanket around me and ate off the plate in my lap.
“I didn’t know what to get you, so I got it all. I want to take you around town. Do you know Prague? I don’t even know where you’re from.”
“Nyet, from Moskva, Russia.”
“Good, then let me take care of you. You’ll love it.”
I ate, showered, and dressed in the clothes Leyna had bought me. It was strange, being in this body, but I was getting used to it. It was small, yet reasonably strong for its size, and very flexible. I seemed to know what to do with it, though. The knowledge of the needed rituals of a woman fortunately came with the body.
I didn’t want to keep the charade up for long, though. Leyna deserved to know the truth, but I wasn’t sure how to end it.





“I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.”
Maya Angelou
19
We spent nearly a whole week together. Not once did Leyna show any of her rotten side to me or anyone else. She was loving, caring, fun, intelligent, and doted over me like I was a princess. She seemed like another person.
We spent the days sightseeing, taking in the history and beauty of Prague. In the evenings, we dined at the best restaurants, and shooed away guys who inevitably approached us. We saw a play, went to the opera, danced, and partied. I was falling in love. If only I could have been Sevilen again, and have her be the same way.
Late one evening when we were at a nightclub, a strange, uncertain feeling came over me as we were dancing. Leyna noticed.
“Sahasha, what’s wrong?” She spoke into my ear so I could hear her over the music.
“Just feel funny, strange, scared maybe.”
“Scared of what?”
“I not know.” I started to dance again and looked around.
I hadn’t noticed anyone following Leyna all week, so I thought she was safe from revenge for her devious actions. I continued to scan the dim nightclub, searching for any threat and finding none.
We headed back to our table, with Leyna in the lead, taking me by the hand through the crowd. She seated me in the booth and slid in beside me. She waved to the waiter and ordered two more drinks, which we both finished quickly, being thirsty from all the dancing.
“If you don’t feel good, we can leave.” She held my hand and looked into my eyes. Her other hand smoothed my hair and brushed it from my eyes.
“Nyet, I okay. Just spooked.” I smiled, gave her a kiss on the lips and held her hand as I gazed at her. She was so beautiful and I’d do anything now to keep her safe—this was the Leyna I loved. It was as if she’d read my mind. Maybe she did and didn’t know it.
“Sahasha, have you ever been in love? Deeply in love?”
“Not until now.”
“Really? Who are you in love with?” Leyna looked around the club.
“The person I with, of course. You. You such vonderful, caring person. I love how you are with me. I never feel zis way before.”
Leyna’s face was radiant and smiling. She wiggled in her seat like a nervous child. Her eyes welled up with tears and she hugged me. Her tearful voice whispered coarsely in my ear, “I love you, too. I’m so glad you love me. I’ve never felt this way before either.”
Behind Leyna, a tall dark Russian, wearing an ankle-length black leather coat, moved through the crowd. His head was above everyone else’s. He looked determined to find someone. He stopped in an open area between the crowd and stared at us with the intensity of a predator.
His huge hand went into his coat and withdrew a pistol with a long silencer. It went to his side as he crossed the open floor toward us. I dove over Leyna and struggled to get out of the booth while she tried to make sense of what I did.
“Shahasha! What the hell?”
He raised his pistol—the red laser streamed through the thick air of the club. I dove into him with my insignificant body.
“Nyet,” he said in a calm voice as his arm wrapped around my waist and held me, kicking and flailing, at his hip. A flash with a muffled blast left the smell of gunpowder.





“You may fetter my leg, but Zeus himself cannot get the better of my free will.”
Epictetus
20
“Zoup?”
I thought I heard a soft voice whisper.
“Zoup Pán? You must eat something.”
I opened my eyes to see soft white shoes under white pants against a green tiled floor. My neck was stiff, and the hand under my head was asleep. I uncurled myself from the chair and sat up.
An angelic face smiled at me while holding a steaming bowl of chicken soup. “Eat. Must eat.”
I looked around. Tubes, white gauze wrappings, a beeping monitor.
“Is she okay?”
“Doctor say surgery went well. Need to stabilize now.”
I took the soup from her. “Děkuji.”
“Prosim.”
The smell of the homemade soup took me back to my childhood and reminded me of how good it was on a winter morning. Gray clouds outside may have been predicting snow here.
I ate the soup and watched Leyna. I had watched her every hour of every day for a week, except when I’d dozed off to sleep. She never changed.
A week after Leyna was admitted to the Na Homolce Hospital in Prague, she was still in a coma.
Sahasha was long gone, never to return. I was disgusted with myself that I’d used magic, and ended up in a body incapable of saving her when I needed to.
Alexander called me shortly after it happened and arranged for an ambulance to pick us up at the hospital once she stabilized from the surgery, and take us to an airport where a private jet could pick us up. He suggested I fly her myself using my abilities, but I’d already made a mess of things using them, so I insisted on using normal means. He also suggested I heal her myself, but just the thought was utterly ridiculous.
The hospital she had been taken to specialized in Neurology and Neurosurgery. They were quick to assess the damage and remove the bullet from her brain, but there had been no change in her condition for seven days.
A mature man in a long white coat with a picture ID hanging on a string and a clipboard in hand, entered the room. His soft blue eyes were in an empathetic, wrinkled face. He gave an acknowledging smile as he pulled a seat up to face me.
“Mister Decarain. We are releasing Leyna. She is stable now. The bullet hit her in a portion of the brain that isn’t of major concern, since it is doesn’t control bodily functions or cognition, however,” he said, “Sevilen, the injured area of Leyna’s brain may contain some memories that may be irretrievable. Her hippocampus is intact, and that is what controls the processing of memories. However, our memories of events are also made up of episodic elements of sight, smell, sound, taste, and so on. If a portion of a memory is destroyed, the entire memory may be destroyed as well. Since the bullet was relatively small and the depth of penetration was less than two centimeters, there’s a good chance she will be functional when she comes out of coma. The question will be what memories she may have lost.”
“What if she doesn’t come out of the coma? Could she die?”
“There is always a chance of death with brain injuries like these, but she is stable for now. I hope you have a safe journey home and I wish you well with her recovery. I wish there was more I could say or do. I can tell you love her very much.” 
“Thank you, I appreciate all you’ve done for us.”
The private jet Alexander arranged was modified for Leyna’s medical transport. It once had a simple layout with a couch on each side and two reclining seats in the rear. One couch had been replaced with a floating sling and an IV hanger and bottle. Two attendants joined us to take care of Leyna on our journey. We refueled in Iceland and I slept until we landed at a local airstrip near home. Alexander was there to greet us.
“Welcome home, Lord Sevilen.” He gave me a hug.
“Good to see you, Alexander. Thanks for taking care of everything as usual.”
“My pleasure, sir. My only hope is to make things easier for you. Maybe soon you will allow me to do more.”
“What more could you possibly do?”
“I could convince you of your true nature somehow, and avoid you having to go through all of this. Nevertheless, that is your choice. We do not interfere with free will. It is against the rules.”
“Thanks for thinking I could be something I’m not, but you’re right, free will is what I’m exercising.” 
“Yes, sir, you sure do have it in abundance. Come, the ambulance is ready for the ride home. I converted a room for her and outfitted it with the latest medical technology to keep her safe. A neurologist will visit her each day as well in case you don’t choose to heal her.”
“Heal her? How ridiculous. Thank you for taking care of everything. I did fall in love with her over there and I hope they can save her.”
Alexander saw my eyes well up with tears. He gave me a hug and spoke over my shoulder. “I do too, sir. I do, too. Someone must save Leyna or all our lives will be wasted.” 





“The garden of the world has no limits, except in your mind.”
Rumi
21
I sat beside Leyna in her room, and watched her wither away—her muscles deteriorated; her face became sullen and hollow. For two weeks, I read books to her, talked at her, watched movies with her, but there was no change. Then, I had a visitor.
“C’mon, Sevilen. Time is running out. Heal this girl and be done with it.”
I looked into his beautiful eyes. “I can’t do it.” 
Gabriel looked at me pleadingly; his chestnut hair and creamy skin shined with the light of the divine. He became angry. “Can’t or won’t, dipshit! I know it’s not can’t, you’ve had your download. All you need to do is do it. As Yoda said to Luke Skywalker in your movie, ‘No try, Luke, do!’ So do it!”
Gabriel softened and smiled warmly. “Did that sound threatening? Michael always says I can’t scare a mouse. Anyway, when her birthday comes, although to me it looks like it might be sooner, she will pass from that body and you will lose her once again. You said you loved her and she said she loved you, so get on with it.”
Aysel materialized on my lap. “Sevi, dear. Listen to Gabby. Fix this mess.”
She hopped off my lap and walked around the room, inspecting the changes Alexander had made to Emily’s room. “I’m glad he arranged it so this medical stuff can leave and the room will look nice again. The refurbishment of this house is something to speak of. It’s better than my magic.”
“That’s because it wasn’t done with any magic other than money and labor. That’s why it’s better. My powers got Leyna into that bed.”
“Sevi, the reason she is in the bed isn’t because of you. Everything happens for a reason. Now you love each other and can move forward. If you were a man then, do you think she would have fallen in love? With her issues, she would have run off again. What you did was brilliant.”
“She loves Sahasha, not me. So what good is that? If she sees me, she won’t know I was Sahasha.”
“You will need to convince her, that’s all. She will love you because you were inside of Sahasha. You can deal with it when it arises. Fix her.”
“I don’t know how. This doesn’t exist. You’re not here. Gabriel isn’t here sitting patiently while we fight.” I looked at Gabriel and he just rolled those green eyes as I tried to convince myself he wasn’t another of my demented mind’s fabrications.
Aysel came over, grabbed my neck, and pulled my face close to hers. “What does it take to convince you? The mere action of you thinking, desiring, intending something, can start the process. First. you need to know that it will work. When you changed into Sahasha you were looking for a solution to your situation and willed to find one. Sahasha was the solution—a very logical one. You intended it and it worked. Let me show you.”
“Okay, show me.”
I turned to Gabby. “Gabby. As one of my mind’s fabrications, what do you think about this?” Gabby lounged on the couch at the side of the room, gazing at his fingernails. Gabby’s lime green bell-bottom pants and sky blue silk shirt contrasted with the blood red velvet of the sofa and created a picture to remember.
“I love this color combination, don’t you? If you had fabricated me, do you think you would have come up with what I’m wearing? Come now. I’m with Aysel. She knows what she’s doing. She’s a god like you, except an experienced one. Just go along with her.”
Aysel nodded to Gabby and turned back to Sevilen. “Remember the tea set I always used when we’d have tea? Remember the way it smelled and tasted? I want you to concentrate on that and want it. Want it to be here on the table beside you and know it will be.”
“Okay.”
“Close your eyes and remember it.”
I closed my eyes and remembered Aysel and I in the parlor when I saw her, the day before her body died. I smelled what I thought was her perfume and imagined her standing in that dress and heels looking about fortysomething. I imagined the tea set on the table and smelled the steaming tea. I thought to myself, “Wouldn’t it be nice to be enjoying tea like that with Aysel again?” I opened my eyes.
“Sevi. I don’t want to be forty again, but for you I will be. And this dress is much too old-fashioned for me now.”
I had transported us downstairs to the parlor, which looked like it did when I’d had tea with Aysel before she died. I sat in the clothes I had worn that day.
“I guess the picture in my head had too many details?”
“I should say so, but you did it!”
Alexander walked into the parlor, smiling. “Aysel, so good to see you. I see you’ve prevailed upon Lord Sevilen to do a little trick.”
“Sevi did a trick for me so he could see how easy it would be to heal Leyna.”
“This is just a dream, Alexander, don’t worry.”
“No dream, sir.”
Gabriel sauntered down the stairs. If it weren’t for his glow, I’d say he was just a nutcase and not an archangel.
“Nutcase! Thanks a lot! You’re the two who so rudely left me alone up there with poor, decrepit Leyna.” Gabriel took a cup, filled it with tea, and sat on the couch next to us. “Good tea, Sevi, just like Aysel’s.”
“Thanks.”
Alexander prompted me. “What more would it take to prove this is real and you aren’t dreaming? Help me here.”
Aysel pinched me hard.
“Ouch!”
Alexander clapped his hands once. “Thank you, Lady Aysel. See, Lord Sevilen, not dreaming. Good, done, go fix Leyna.”
“Dreams can seem so real.”
“Remember the bookstore trip you made and how I remembered you looking silly—dancing and singing? You were just about convinced then. How about what happened in Prague? That was real; Leyna is here to prove it. You learned things about her and fell in love. Now the only choice you have is to believe it is real, or believe that life is assuredly no more than a dream. Because, sir, you are in it and it has happened. Be it a dream, fabrication of a demented mind, or whatever you would like to call it. What would be going on now if you…” Alexander raised his hands to make two quotation marks as he said, “…woke up? Your love would still be upstairs dying.”
I was stumped. Gabby reclined on the couch looking at me over the cup of tea he sniffed. Aysel was bouncing her leg and wanting to get out of that dress and forty-year-old body. I pictured her how she was when she arrived and she changed back.
“Thank you. You’re lucky my free will allows you such liberties, young man.”
“Sorry, Aysel. So, are you guys gonna help me do it?”
Gabby spoke for all of them. “We can be there to support you, but you have to be the one to do it. It’s your two’s doing to get done. I can call Raphael if you want an expert healer with you. He can help you form the image of health. That’s what he does best.”
Raphael appeared and looked around the room at each of us. “I was wondering when I might be back. How ya doin’, Sevi, Aysel, Gabby, Al? Excuse the fancy clothes, but I had a more conservative customer I was working with.”
Raphael brushed off his expensive wool blend, charcoal and blue pinstripe suit. He adjusted the cuffs, ran his hand through his short, light blond hair, went straight to the tea, poured a cup and tasted it. “As good as Aysel’s, Sevi. See? You can do it. Healing is a cup of tea.” His light gray eyes looked at me over the cup. His pale, smooth skin announced his divinity.
“I guess this is it.” My palms got sweaty, my heart started to race.
Raphael nearly choked on his tea. “Excuse me. Sevi, it won’t work that way. Fear negates everything. No fear. Calm yourself and like Aysel said to you earlier, ‘No try, do!’”
“That was me, not Aysel,” Gabby said. “I was talking about the Star Wars movie.”
“Whatever. You watch too much television. You need a job that keeps you busier, Gabby.”
“No, you need to become more efficient and then you could experience some culture as well.”
“Huh, culture? Star Wars?”
“Yeah, the force be with you and all that. It’s a lot like what we do.”
“Never mind.” Raphael rolled his eyes, slugged down his tea, and put the cup on the tea service. “Let’s do this.” He strolled confidently up the stairs with all of us in tow. We surrounded Leyna’s bed.
Raphael took a close look at her. “Man, she looks bad. She’ll die soon if we don’t do something. You ready, Sevi?”
My palms were still sweating and my heart raced even faster as I looked down at her. “How do I calm down?”
Raphael put his hands on my shoulders, closed his eyes and asked me to close mine. An electric-like energy coursed through me. My heart slowed. My tension was released. I saw a peaceful glade in my mind’s eye, with a waterfall pouring into a clear pool. I smelled the fresh air and felt the grass beneath my bare feet.
Raphael took his arms off me. I opened my eyes and his gray blue eyes stared back at me. “Feeling better?”
“Yes, much better. How did you do that?”
“I had a little help from Auriel for the nature part, to get it right, but basically I envisioned what I wanted you to experience and you did. The same way you’re going to heal Leyna. Stay calm. First, let me give you the vision of her in perfect health.”
He put his hands on me again and I saw Leyna, inside and out, perfectly healthy, happy, loving, no longer withered. I saw her eyes open. She smiled. I took her emotions, hang-ups, and issues, and exchanged them for normal, healthy replacements.
“Okay, now take that and intend it for her.”
“Should I touch her like you touched me?”
“It doesn’t matter. I just do it because I like to. I could have done that without you seeing me, from a million miles away, or from another dimension entirely. So can you. It’s whatever works for the situation. Go ahead.” He motioned to Leyna.
My audience was captivated. Gabby sat on the couch, sipping tea, as if watching a movie. Aysel sat alongside Gabby, elbows on her knees and hands under her chin holding her head up. Her eyes were wide with anticipation and when I looked at her, she smiled and nodded for me to continue.
I walked to the bed and held Leyna’s limp hand. A couple of deep breaths and I felt relaxed. I closed my eyes and reran the vision Raphael gave me.
A surge of energy went through me. My body stiffened. Noise rushed in my head like a tornado. Slowly, it subsided. My body relaxed. Peace, calm.
Leyna’s hand went from being limp to squeezing mine. I opened my eyes and looked upon a healthy Leyna with no sign of the deterioration there a moment before. I choked up with tears. Dream or not, it was done and I had her back.
I gave her a big hug and placed kisses all over her face while I ranted, “I did it! She’s here! She’s well!”
“Sevilen? Oh, relax. You make it seem like I was going to die or something.”
“You were going to die. Remember Prague?”
“I remember falling in love with a girl named Sahasha.”
“Well, you were shot in the head when you were with her in Prague. But, now you’re well. I healed you with the help of Raphael.”
Leyna looked at me quizzically. “If you say so.”
She looked around the room. “Gabby? Rapper? Rapper, you cut your hair. You look so handsome. And who are these nice people, Sevi?”
“This is Alexander.” Alexander came to the bed, took Leyna’s hand, and kissed it as he bowed.
“Lady Leyna, I’ve waited so long for this day.” He placed his hand on Aysel’s back as she approached the bed. Leyna sat up and reached her hand out to Aysel. Alexander presented her. “This is Lady Aysel. Sevilen’s great grandmother and the past Designated One.”
Aysel held her hand. “Hi, sweetie. I’m so happy you and Sevi were able to fall in love in Prague. I can’t wait until you go through the rest of the gates. You’ll be a wonderful god.”
“Sevi, in Prague? I fell in love with a girl named Sahasha.”
Aysel looked at Sevilen. “You need to switch for a moment to show Leyna the truth.”
In an instant, Sahasha was standing before Leyna. Fear filled Leyna’s eyes as she gasped and curled up against the headboard. Sahasha slowly took Leyna’s hand and kissed her cheek. The fear drained as she melted from the touch. I changed back to myself before I pulled away from Leyna’s face.
“Oh my God!” Leyna cried out as she looked at me with her hand over her mouth.
Aysel said, “Now don’t get nervous, Sevi had to do that in Prague so you wouldn’t run away from him again.” Aysel then turned into her favorite homeless man and stood smiling and drooling.
Leyna pointed. “You, you, you were the guy outside the jewelry store.”
Aysel changed back into her favorite body again. 
Leyna screeched. “Ahh!” She covered her mouth.
Aysel reassured her, “Don’t get so shook, sweetie. You can do this, too, or will soon. For now, just relax and let’s get comfortable and enjoy each other’s company a little. Maybe you’d like to eat something. I’ll bet you’re famished.” Aysel held Leyna’s hand while Leyna calmed down.
Leyna took her hand from Aysel and rested it over her heart. “Please, yes, and a drink. Maybe a glass of wine, or a bottle even? Sevi was Sahasha? This is too much.”
Aysel took Leyna’s hands in hers again and closed her eyes. Leyna calmed instantly. “That’s it. Relax. Everything is exactly as it should be. Now. Food and drink? I think a celebration is in order.”
Leyna nodded. “Whatever you just did, I feel better now. Thanks. I need to shower and change first, though.”
Aysel looked deeply into Leyna’s eyes. She kissed Leyna on the cheek. “If you’d allow me, I can take care of that for you.”
“No, no, you don’t need to bathe me, I feel fine and I can do it myself.”
“Not in the bathroom. Magically bathe and dress you. The way I changed and Sevi changed. Little black dress maybe, some heels, nice gold earrings and necklace, hair in a bun, eyeshadow, lipstick, mascara, perfume, and fresh-brushed teeth. What else, anything?”
“Uh,” was all Leyna could say as Aysel stood her up and said, “Aracka manda, soti manda, mendusa, mendico.” Aysel then let out a loud burp, and Leyna was transformed just as Aysel had detailed it.
I had to comment. “Wow. Nice job. Leyna you look gorgeous. Aysel, what were those words you said and why did you burp after?”
“Excuse me. Can’t I burp? I shoveled the two doughnuts down I was snacking on when Gabby showed up here,, and that’s what I got for it.” Aysel laughed and said, “Sorry.” 
“But the words, is that something I need to learn?”
Aysel laughed. “No, silly. They’re not real words, just a little gobble Dee-gook.” Aysel spun on the toe of her shoe, and by the time she had spun all the way around, she wore a short white dress similar to Leyna’s black one, but with silver jewelry rather than gold. She smelled like fresh air, lavender, and frankincense.
“There, the fresh air smell is from the shower. Nice touch, don’t you think?”
Alexander said, “Isn’t this perfect? I’ll prepare drinks and dinner downstairs. Shall we meet on the patio out back before dinner? I’m proud of you, Lord Sevilen. You now have your full powers back.” He hugged me before leaving the room. Gabby and Raphael came over to congratulate and hug me as well.
Gabby said, “I feel so underdressed. I like Raphael’s suit, though.”
Gabby’s changed into a duplicate of Raphael’s clothes, but the suit had a green pinstripe instead of gray. Gabby made his chestnut hair the same way as well. Raphael was shaking his head.
“I’m telling you, Gabby, Michael was right, he is the keeper of truth, and the truth is you’re not creative at all. You just copy things.”
“Raphael! Please. Take it as a compliment.”
“Never mind, it’s okay.” Raphael put his arm around Gabby’s shoulders, and jostled him jokingly.
I looked at this gathering and it was quite odd. Aysel came over and held me at arm’s length while she studied me.
“May I?” she asked.
“Of course, I need to look as nice as you girls do.”
Aysel blinked and in a split second my clothing changed, my body felt freshly scrubbed, and I smelled clean and fresh. I adjusted the cuff of the black tux I now wore as I admired my reflection in the wall mirror.
The tie was tied loosely and its material was just visible with the old-fashioned formal collar with stiff front points. The pants fit perfectly and fell evenly, toe to heel, on my black leather loafers.
Aysel looked at my left wrist. “Oops.” A Rolex appeared.
“Thank you, great grandmother. Do I look the way you want me to?”
“Lovely.” She took a step back and looked at Leyna and me. “This is what I’ve been waiting for.”
Aysel kissed our cheeks and took Leyna’s hand. “Ready?”
Her face showed obvious confusion and disbelief, but she wasn’t running away this time.





“The best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it.”
Harry S. Truman
22
Dressed for a celebration, we entered the patio through the French doors in the center of the wall. I had just stepped onto the flagstone when a hawk screeched overhead. The patio had more square footage than my whole house had before. Leyna’s eyes were wide as she took it all in for the first time.
Woods surrounded the yard after a short expanse of lawn. The sky was Disney blue with white puffy clouds and a light sweet September breeze. Three deer were meandering through the woods, unbothered by a group of turkeys that scratched in the leaves.
We seated ourselves on heavily padded wicker furniture, around a large coffee table. Leyna pulled me next to her on the sofa. Fortunately, I was her familiar anchor right now. Gabriel, Raphael, and Aysel sat in large wicker seats across from us. Alexander brought out a pitcher of drinks and tall thin glasses with mint sprigs in them.
“I thought mojitos would be good. It will be a while before dinner, since I am preparing it from scratch.”
“Thanks, You’ll have to teach me where all the stuff is in this house so I can do this myself, and you can do what you do,” I said as he poured the drinks.
“My lord, this is what I do. Don’t you ever think of taking away my pleasure.” He smiled. “Lady Leyna,” he said as he handed her a drink. “Divine guests, Gabriel and Raphael.” He handed them drinks and went inside.
Leyna slugged hers down and smiled nervously. “So, there really is an Alexander. I thought you were just some schmuck.”
“Thanks a lot.” I clinked her glass with mine and took a sip. “Do you feel okay?”
“Okay?” She moved her shoulders and craned her neck. “Hmm, I feel incredible. I don’t know what you did to me, but this is the best I ever felt. So, you actually fell in love with me in Prague?” Leyna was starting to relax.
“I think I met the real you there. I mean the caring, considerate and most beautiful one. You took such good care of Sahasha. Do you still want to ruin every man you meet?”
“Nope, I can’t imagine how I ever wanted to do that before. It was entertainment, I guess.”
“Nothing to do with getting even with your dad for what he did to you?”
“Yeah, my dad was a real piece of work, but that’s life. Suck it up and move on.”
“Leyna, you’re nothing like you were. You have a chance now.”
Raphael, Aysel, and Gabriel smiled and raised their glasses. Gabby hailed a toast. “To the new Leyna, expertly healed by Lord Sevilen. To Lady Leyna for showing her true self to Sahasha. To our new god and soon to be goddess!”
“To Leyna,” I said. Leyna blushed and smiled at me. I couldn’t resist kissing her deeply on the lips. When we stopped, the group made such a clatter of applause and howls, I choked up a bit.
Gabby, the messenger, said what everyone wanted to. “It’s about time! Hurray!” 
Since it wasn’t too often I had a chance to talk with a couple of archangels, I thought I should take advantage of this.
“So tell me, Gabriel and Raphael. How is it you two are here and able to enjoy this time with us? I mean, what happens to all the other stuff you should be taking care of right now?”
Gabriel motioned with his glass, sweeping it before him. “Yes, there is a constant stream of tasks requiring our attention as you will soon learn once you take on your roles. It will be very similar to our lives, except you will be much more powerful than any one of us.”
Gabriel nodded, swallowing the last of his mojito. “Alexander always did make the best drinks. But, to your question, Lord Sevilen, when you’re mowing the grass, waxing your car, driving a known route or basically working on some task that requires little thought, do you not solve problems and think through issues you may have in some other area, besides what you’re currently engaged in?”
“Of course the mind wanders. Sometimes I’ve come up with the best solutions while doing something else.”
“Yes, you solve problems and take care of things. We do the same except, as you will soon learn, it is much more than handling one thing at a time. We can be in different places at the same time, and at the same time be working on other things as you would when waxing your car.
“So take that concept and multiply it by the number of stars in your known universe, then take it to the profundity of the unimaginable and you will begin to have some clue as to how it works.”
“Multi-tasking. Okay, so right now you and Raphael are doing other things besides drinking mojitos with us?” 
Gabriel nodded.
Raphael chimed in, “Good description, Gabby. Yes.” Raphael’s green eyes looked at me intently. “You’ll see all of this fall into place for you. Don’t worry, it becomes quite second nature. Still, sometimes, direct contact is the best method, which is why we’re here today. Our focus is you and Leyna. This was too important to handle from afar.”
“If we’re so important, where are Michael and Auriel?”
“They didn’t have to come because you only needed our expertise. They’re taking a bit of a holiday down in the Cayman Islands.” Raphael paused slightly then added, “They said hello, though, and they’re asking me to congratulate you both. Michael said to tell you he was the hawk when you walked onto the patio. He was concerned for you both and does care for you.”
“The hawk. We can be animals, too? How can you be humans?”
Raphael said, “Same as you, though it’s a little different for us. When you haven’t been in human form for a while, it’s a bit disturbing. Sight and sound is somewhat diminished, but the tactile sensations, taste, and smell in this body form is astounding. It can overwhelm if you’re not careful.”
Leyna started asking questions as Alexander brought out another pitcher and refilled the glasses.
“How do you deal with the different languages? Do you know them all?”
Gabriel said, “They come automatically. The knowledge wasn’t gained by us studying each individually. When we speak or listen to a different language, the knowledge comes to us from our direct connection to the source of all knowledge; the Akashic records flow freely to us. You will have the same experience.”
Leyna continued to engage them—a good sign. “How about weather and lightning? Can you start fires with thought? Can you levitate things?”
Gabriel said, “Of course, mostly for theatrical effects and for entrances and the like, such as when we met you in Deer Lake. There isn’t much use for it, though. We don’t need to defend ourselves and we won’t use it to cause harm.” Gabriel looked at the pitcher on the table and it rose, moved to fill Aysel’s glass and reset itself on the table.
“Thank you, Gabriel,” Aysel chirped.
Leyna looked at Aysel, tilted her head, and asked, “Do you have all these abilities, just as we will have?”
“Of course. I can’t say I ever used them all, though. Let’s see if I can get a crack of thunder.” Aysel looked into the sky and a second later there was a loud, echoing, crack of thunder. “See, Leyna, if you can imagine it, you can do it. That’s how simple it all is. It’s as fluid and flowing from us as it will be for you.”
I tried to levitate the pitcher myself and ended up spilling it, but I did get it in the air.
We sat and talked about different options for taking Leyna through her training. She could do it the old-fashioned way—practiced ritual, learning from books, having a mentor such as Aysel, or the more efficient way—a full download for the remaining gates she needed. Similar to what Aysel did for me for the last gate. 
After much discussion, Raphael said, “With Leyna healed there isn’t as much urgency to her training. She can learn in whatever manner is comfortable to her. Why risk the possibility of her getting lost in the gate like Sevilen almost did? Even though Sevi had the knowledge, he still wasn’t sure how to bring about the healing, and probably wouldn’t have if he hadn’t been supported. That’s why it’s good to have a mentor.
“I’d also suggest going back in time to see the old Leyna and Sevilen to gain knowledge of your histories. Be in the moment. Let things fall as they will and enjoy being together and getting to know each other again”
“Excellent advice, Raphael. Thank you.” 





“Those who cannot remember the past are doomed to repeat it.”
George Santayana
23
We sat in the library of our mansion and spent the day perusing the old books and manuscripts. Materials dated back as far as the 1300s with references back to originals from the start of the first millennium. Leyna and I were awestruck.
“Leyna, let’s take a break from studying and sit on the couch for a while.” 
“I could use one. This is so much to look at.”
“Have you learned anything today?”
“Yup, the key points I seem to have gotten are that fear is useless and generally will stop any progress, and anger has no place in the life of a god. The wrathful god idea, the fearing of God concept so popular in religions, is not the way a god should function. It just wouldn’t work. The god would lose all power. How about you?”
“It seems it’s all an energy balance equation somehow. The fear draws energy away; anger makes it difficult to focus it. And somehow, we’re directly connected to the source of all that energy. It makes some sense to the engineer in me and I think I just need to go with it for now.
“Raphael said we should take a trip back in time. How about you and I go see what happened that killed you, and what we were like before I cast the spell to have us meet as we have.”
“Sevi, that sounds like a great idea. I’d love to see how this all started.” Leyna took my arm in her hands ready to go.
“Okay, I’m going to try to take you there.” 
Then I heard Aysel say, “No try, Sevi. Do!”
“Okay,” I said to the room as Leyna stood there looking around with her mouth open.
“Is she always listening in? Isn’t there any privacy around here?”
“Don’t worry, she won’t bother us.”
We sat on the couch. The leather creaked as it took our weight. Leyna wrapped her arm through mine and settled in.
“What’s going to happen? Will I feel anything?”
“Our bodies are going to stay here on the couch, but our consciousness will be back in the 1400s. This may feel strange to you, but don’t be afraid. You’ll see what you were and what it did to you. We were very close to each other, but your ego was ruling you, not your heart. Feel the moments and experience them from the observer’s viewpoint. You can’t be harmed. You may actually be moved by it. Are you ready? Do you trust me?”
Leyna looked at me with trepidation and anxiety, but in her heart she trusted me and had to do this, as unbelievable as it seemed to her.
“Let’s do it.” She kissed me with urgency.
I took her by the hand and closed my eyes. I shivered as my skin crawled and I felt Leyna shiver next to me. We entered the space of eternity and our bodies collapsed into the couch as our consciousness left this plane.
“Where are we? Who are these people?” Leyna whispered, as we stood invisible to the others in the large hall of a stone castle.
It was a cool night. A breeze entered through an opening in the castle wall. A fire blazed in a fireplace, with logs that would take a horse to pull indoors. A series of huge candelabras, lit with fat and wick in each of the fifty or so pots hanging from the outstretched arms, illuminated the hall reasonably enough to see people’s faces at a distance.
People danced to the beat of large skin drums while strange string instruments howled a harmony of sorts. The band seemed to be a mix of cultures, from the appearance of their attire, skin, and hair.
I told Leyna what was going on. “This is Sevilen Decarain’s castle in 1437. He was a powerful, rich, and prominent nobleman. He tried valiantly to keep peace amongst the warring countries and was friends with many who tried to do the same. Unfortunately, the various religions caused dispute constantly. This is the evening that sealed your fate from warnings you left unheeded.” I looked into Leyna’s wide, dread-filled eyes.
“I don’t think I’m going to like this, but I guess I need to see it?”
I squeezed her shoulders. “Look around and see if you can find us.”
Leyna scanned the area from our vantage point on the staircase. She looked at the rough stone steps and through the opening in the thick castle walls. She shivered, crossed her arms and moved closer to me for warmth. I pulled her close and whispered in her ear. “You can’t be cold, you don’t have a body. Stop imagining you’re cold and you won’t be.”
“Really? Keep your arm around me, though, okay?”
She peered up at the high ceiling, the sconces on the walls, and the “fat-o-loberas” burning over the center of the hall—soot gathering on the ceiling above. 
She focused on the huge fireplace. She saw people drinking wine from wooden, stone, and bronze cups, some with stems and some like mugs. Guests walked about eating stumps of meat, and the men groped the women as they passed by. 
One woman drastically stood out from the others. She carried herself confidently as she measured up each man. Occasionally, the men dared to look at her. Her predatory stare seemed to burn them and they backed off in fear.
She walked toward us and we saw her appearance better. She wore a flowing, seductive gown that revealed her feminine attributes all too well. Especially in comparison to what the other women wore.
“Look at her, Sevi, my God. She’s gorgeous, but is she from another time, too? Her clothing doesn’t fit in.”
I laughed, squeezed Leyna closer and whispered in her ear. “Look closer…you found you. Find me.”
Leyna put her hand across her mouth as her old self moved close enough to touch. She stood next to a man who seemed to be of high stature in his regal clothing with a dragon emblazoned on the left side of his chest. The gold weaved in his hair glinted.
We heard her old self speak to him. “You are a friend of Sevilen? I have not seen you here before.”
“You may have missed me when I was here, but trust that Sevilen and I know each other very well.”
“Good for you. He does not interest me right now, but you seem quite interesting. The dragon on your chest is attractive—very powerful looking.” She rubbed the palm of her hand against his chest, feeling the dragon.
“Thank you, kind lady. The dragon is a Christian order meant to protect Europe from the Muslims, though I prefer to try to do so diplomatically.”
“Christian, Muslim. Religions are all too confusing to me. I like men of action. You seem to be one.”
She slid her hand down his chest, reached between his legs, and grasped his manhood. 
“Whore! Slut! Witch! What are you?”
The ancient Sevilen saw the predicament and ran over.
“Sevi. He looks like you, but with long hair and ancient clothes—so handsome. I love the earrings and the rings, the same rings you wear now.”
I leaned in and whispered, “Look at Leyna’s pendant.”
She gasped at seeing the full, unbroken stone as it pulsed in the light. The show continued.
“Now, Leyna, please, let me introduce you. This is Vlad the Second, the Prince of Walachia and friend to the Turks. He is like me in his wishes for peace and I consider him a friend and ally, as we both are trying to bring peace, not war, to our people.”
The ancient Leyna looked at the ancient Sevilen with disdain, disregarding the respectful introduction. She only felt the rejection of this male she wanted to overpower. “You have no power over me!”
“Settle down, my lady. I do not seek to control you, but to inform you. You seem to forget my love for you.”
“Love, dove, both can be killed with a twist.” Leyna snarled as she demonstrated with both hands.
“Who’s that?” Leyna whispered as she pointed to a man with long purple robes and a staff with a ruby on top, glowing as if lit from inside. His long hair flowed as he walked briskly toward ancient Leyna and Sevi.
“I believe he’s the wise one.”
“Wizard?”
“Yes. Wise man…teacher…the one who knows things. He probably schooled them both in many things.”
The wizard stopped before them. “Lord Sevilen, Lady Leyna what a beautiful evening.”
Ancient Sevilen responded, “Marloque. Good to see you. This is —”
“Yes, Lord Vlad the second, Prince of Walachia. Be careful, lord. In eleven years hence, in this same month, a regent of Hungary by name of John will put you to death by assassination.” 
Vlad burst into laughter as the wizard stared into his eyes. “Old man. I assure you Hungary is my ally and they would do nothing to harm me any more than my dear friend Sevilen would.”
The wizard nodded and slowly turned to Leyna. “My lady, change tonight. Now. In this moment. Or, wait over five hundred years for the chance to gain what you are meant to.”
Their eyes locked as he stood motionless in his warning. He wouldn’t back down from her burning stare. She couldn’t keep eye contact—her eyes flitted about—agitated by her teacher’s stern admonition, which she felt to the bone. She looked at Sevilen then back at the wizard, but he was gone.
Her voice shook as she tried to cover her fear. “Wretched old man.”
“Leyna, please, you are dangerously close to exceeding your capacity for the power you wield and wish to apply. Heed his warning. He has taught us all we know.”
“That old man isn’t needed anymore! He served his purpose. No man refuses me. I am the most beautiful, powerful woman on this earth and always get what I want. Those who disregard me will pay the price. Especially powerful men. I know their true nature.”
The ancient Leyna pulled from the ancient Sevilen’s grasp and raised her arms. Her translucent gown flowed around her and the wind rose through the openings in the castle.
The flames from the huge fireplace rushed into the hall causing panic to those near it. The fat-o-loberas swung wildly, dropping hot oil on the dancers. They screamed as it burned them. The music stopped. 
Ancient Leyna, filled with supernatural strength, called out, “Be struck by my power and acquiesce or die! I control you! Take my wrath now!”
Flicks of blue light shot from her fingertips and the hall roared with her immense energy as she lowered one arm and aimed it at Lord Vlad. At that moment, a surge of energy entered the opening next to us and passed through us. It filled ancient Leyna with its force and her eyes shot open.
Her body tensed. Eyes rolled back in her head. Smoke rose from her hair. Her skin turned dark. Her body started to fall.
Sevilen caught her before she hit the floor, but she was already dead. Marloque reappeared and shook his head as he looked at Leyna dead on the floor. He turned to Vlad.
“Eleven years. Use caution.” He walked off into the crowd and disappeared from view.
A crowd gathered around Leyna, Sevilen, and Lord Vlad. Sevilen choked out unintelligible words and Leyna’s name as he wept and held her tight to him. A tall regal man walked calmly to his lord’s side and put his hand on Sevilen’s shoulder.
“Lord Sevilen, please, I will handle this for you. This is too hard for you to do. Please.”
Sevilen looked up. “I can’t leave her, Alexander.”
The man helped him to his feet then lifted Leyna up in his arms and carried her away. Sevilen followed him.
Beside me, Leyna shuddered with tears as she clutched my arm. Ancient Alexander and Sevilen passed through us to take Leyna upstairs.
“Leyna,” I whispered in Leyna’s ear as I held her close and tried to calm her. 
“That was me and you. What was wrong with me? Why was I so angry and stupid? Was I really that powerful?”
“You were quite powerful, too powerful for your own good, as you have been recently. Your ego was your driver. Neither Marloque, nor I, could stop you. You had to do it your way, but at least now you have that lesson to learn from.”
“I’m not that bad. I don’t draw energy and fling it at people.”
“I see many parallels. Don’t try to defend yourself. Consider this trip as a review and absorb it. Look how you’ve been recently. This is where you were headed before you were shot in Prague. You may not have been able to throw bolts of lightning, but nonetheless, you were ruthless.”
“I guess I was. I’m glad I got shot now, so you and Raphael could heal me. I can’t imagine being like I was anymore.”
“Good. Ready to go home? You look tired.”
Leyna snuggled against my shoulder as we stood, and she wrapped her arms around my waist.
“How could you love me so much if I was so bad?”
“I’m not sure, but I did, and I will forever. I could feel my ancient self’s pain when Leyna died.”
I kissed the top of her head and we returned to present day. Our bodies reanimated on the couch. Leyna grabbed me and kissed me on the lips.
“Wow. So that was really us, back then?”
“You bet, at least in this dream, or whatever it is we’re in. It’s all so surreal; I’m still having a hard time with it.”
“It is pretty strange, but I think we’ll get used to it. I’m looking forward to traveling back there again, to learn more.”
“Time will take care of it for us, and we have plenty of that, don’t we? Let’s go to dinner. If this is a dream, I don’t want to wake up hungry.”





“Every normal person, in fact, is only normal on the average. His ego approximates to that of the psychotic in some part or other, and, to a greater, or lesser, extent.”
Sigmund Freud 
24
Leyna sipped her coffee as I stoked the fire.
“So when are we going back? Maybe this time we should go inside our ancient bodies to feel them and know what they’re thinking first hand. Is that possible?”
I sat down and put my arm around her. “It’s possible. I asked Aysel about it, but she was reluctant. Something about the possibility of us changing the future. Paradox she said.”
“Pair of ducks? Ducks are cute. The way they mate for life and how they take care of each other.
“Not ducks. Para dox. It’s something we should leave alone for now, or we could cause a ripple in time we’d regret.”
I stroked Leyna’s raven hair and her hazel eyes gazed into mine. I could feel the real Leyna now—not the bitch who used to be there.
Leyna kissed me on the lips. “Then let’s just observe again until we understand more. I’m still nervous about all of our powers anyway. I sure wouldn’t want to turn into a pair of ducks even as cute as they are.”
I smelled the sweet smell of her skin. It had become familiar and calming. I put my coffee on the table. “Ready? I’m interested to see our history. Especially after having met the bitch you were.”
A stinging slap landed on my bicep. “Bitch! Don’t you call me a bitch!”
“See. Maybe, instead of were, I should have said, are.”
Leyna grabbed me by the hair and pulled my face to her. She crushed my lips to hers and I tasted the sweetness of her tongue. She pulled my head back and glared at me facetiously. “Maybe I’ll need to bring back a little of the power that bitch had. It kinda feels good.”
“Not to me. I like having hair on my head.” I combed my fingers through. “Now let’s go see what our history is.”
We both folded into each other on the couch and closed our eyes.
Vibration, a tunnel, a feeling as if we were falling, then finally floating above a father and a son...
The father said, “I never liked Lord Tiryaki. His name even implies his attitude.”
As they rode over the dry mote of a castle, Ancient Sevilen asked his father, “What does Tiryaki mean?”
“Stubborn addict.”
“Nice.”
The gates opened, letting them into the keep. A guard ran ahead to lead them to the main door. When they reached it, he held the reins of the elder’s horse so he could dismount.
“Welcome, sirs. My lord is looking forward to meeting you and your son today. I should warn you, though. He has not been in the best of moods lately.”
They stood by the guard as he held the horses. The father gave him a gold piece and leaned over to whisper in his ear. “Thanks for the warning. But what would you ever do if your lord were lost to life? Would you not miss him?” The father stood with his hand resting on his staff.
A big grin filled the guard’s face under his bronze half-mask. He looked around cautiously. “Sir, I’m sure you must know the answer to that. My lord is not a pleasant man to live under these days. He beheaded our best cook yesterday because my lord’s Hellim was too salty.”
“Hellim is a salty cheese. That’s how it’s made.”
“I know, my lord. My point exactly.”
“Well, I do not know if I could help you any, Adem. Thank you for the insight.”
Guards held the huge cathedral-like doors open. Two guards inside led them to the receiving room where Lord Tiryaki was seated in a seat resembling a throne. A place where he held office for issues the townspeople brought forward. I doubted he had many townspeople bring anything forward, if he’d beheaded a cook for salty cheese.
The father leaned over and whispered to his son, “He is treating us like commoners. We should have been received in a dining hall, or music room—not an area where he receives ordinary townspeople.”
The guards stopped them, confiscated their swords, and backed away. Father and son walked forward leisurely, the father carrying his staff by his side, horizontally from the center. From this distance, they saw what appeared to be two animals, one on each side of the lord’s throne.
The father whispered again, “Those are women.”
Sure enough, two women were made to crouch on all fours—eyes looking at the floor. Dressed in finery, but subjected to degradation. The father stopped several feet from Tiryaki, stood his staff on the ground, and placed his hand on the crystal top. “Lord Tiryaki. Thank you for receiving us. We are honored.” They both bowed their heads.
“You should be honored. I never let light-skinned people in my home. You have bad blood, you Christians! What do you disturb me for?” The older woman crouching by him coughed. Tiryaki grabbed a short scepter off his lap and hit her. “Shut up, you old hag.”
She covered her mouth and coughed again. Tiryaki looked back at the father and waved his fat hand as a sign to continue.
“The gods have told us there is a deposit of gold on your property. We request permission to mine it. Of course we would give you sixty percent.”
Tiryaki’s grossly overweight body shook with his chortling. “You want to give me sixty percent of what I own? How kind of you. Where is it?”
“I can’t tell you, but you can try to obtain the information from the gods if you choose.”
His face turned red with fury. “Gods! You Christians are all the same.”
“I am not Christian. Jesus was a good man and a god in his own right, but my gods are many. All the powers of the planets and stars work with me.”
“Well, tell your gods to go to—” The old woman coughed again. Tiryaki’s fat hand rose up above his head. He slammed the heavy end of the scepter down fiercely and smashed her head with a crack. She crumpled to the floor. Blood flowed down her forehead.
Ancient Sevilen prevented his father from going to her. The father lifted his staff and pointed it at Tiryaki, moving his son behind his arm.
Tiryaki laughed. “Point your stick at me all you want. You can’t harm me with that. These are my women and I can do as I please with them. Tell me where the gold is while the young one pleases me, or I’ll kill her when she’s done.” Tiryaki stood and pulled the young one, about seventeen years old or so, up by her long, black hair and dragged her in front of him.
The father raised his arms to the ceiling and swung his staff in a circle above his head. The crystal glowed piercingly bright.
Tiryaki was busy trying to get the young one to submit. “Tell me where the gold is, or this one will die, too!” He was trying to grab her arms and hold her. She broke free of his grip.
The father pointed the staff at him and a white-hot bolt exploded from its tip into gluttonous flesh. The connection to Tiryaki was held firm and the light crackled into his flesh. The smoking smell of burnt flesh floated off his body as the fire consumed his screaming mass. In a matter of seconds, he fell forward with a splat, and sizzled, dead before them.
The father went to the old woman and ancient Sevilen to the girl.
The father put his hand on the older woman’s back. “She’s dead. She would have died today anyway, she was so ill from the mistreatment Tiryaki has bestowed upon her. How’s the young one?”
The father went over and tried to sweep her hair aside to see her face. She flinched from his touch. “What’s your name, young lady?”
She pulled back from him and looked at the smoldering body. She looked back at the father and son and studied them for a moment. “You two are kind, caring; I see your souls inside. Unlike the soul of...” She pointed as if stabbing him and spat on his burnt corpse. “...he, who was my father. I am Leyna. How did you do this to him?” Her face looked up at them and they saw her completely. “Can you teach me?”
 Witnessing her ancient self, Leyna gasped in my ear, “That’s me.”
“Shh.”
The girl went to the old woman, sat next to her, and held her bloodied head in her lap. “Mother!”
After some time, she stood and went to the smoldering heap and began to kick it, screaming and sobbing. Ancient Sevilen’s father pulled her away, still kicking. “Come, my lady. You have a new life. Forget the old one. You will be honored at our home and we will teach you the about the power. Come.”
The guards stood around waiting to see what was next. Adem approached them. “Lord Decarain. Thank you.
“Adem, defend the keep. Make sure everyone has plenty of food and drink. We will return to help you create abundance for your people.”
The door guards handed them their swords and bowed. The father looked to the others in the room. “I am your lord now. Adem will be in charge until we decide on a permanent lord of the estate. Go now, be at peace.”





“He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.”
 Confucius
25
We were on the couch in the same position as when we left. Leyna held my arm. “I can see where she got the desire to get even with men. But, how did you ever manage to fall in love with her, and why did you cast a spell to reunite us? Can we go to that point?”
The scenery swirled into a blur until we were at another location.
Ancient Sevilen was seated next to ancient Leyna, his arm in a sling. His father and another man were seated on either side of the fireplace.
“Marloque, it seems Sevilen’s arm is healing, between your herbs, salves and Leyna’s ministrations. His hand now looks normal.”
Ancient Leyna held ancient Sevilen’s hand and rubbed her thumb on it. He smiled at her. “It feels much better. I’m sure I could ride now.”
His father shook his head. “I am sure you could, my son. However, you need to stay here and help Leyna. You still need to work on the healing spell to remove her desire to avenge her father with any male she meets beside us. She has become much too powerful too quickly.”
Marloque nodded and stroked his chest length, gray beard with one hand. In the other, he held his staff next to his seat with the top glowing faintly. “Yes, Lady Leyna was badly damaged by her father. There is only one way she can survive, and that is to release the harm done to her. We have discussed the spells, Sevilen, and you have a good start. You are Leyna’s protector and need to be the one to heal her. The three of us are the only men she will tolerate and your father and I need to go back to Tiryaki’s estate and finish setting up the ruling group. It has been a year and we still have not settled that.”
Ancient Leyna released his hand and her eyes were filled with fire. Blue sparks flitted off her fingertips. “You treat me like a child! I tolerate you three because I could see into your souls from the start. You are all respectable, loving people. So what if I should harm those who deserve it! I need no healing!”
The father looked upon her in silence. He magically calmed her and the blue sparks ceased.
“Lady Leyna, we have taken you in and treated you like family. Please, allow us to help you complete your transformation into your new life. Few could ever achieve the capabilities you and Sevilen have achieved. The fact that you could read our minds the first time we met, shows you’ve been selected by the gods for greatness.”
Marloque tapped his staff on the floor three times. “Three times in my life have I seen this talent—the man who just spoke, Sevilen, and you, Leyna. This is nothing to be taken lightly. Do you not love Sevilen?”
Ancient Leyna looked at ancient Sevilen longingly. She rubbed his hand again and looked into his eyes. “Of course I do. He brought me back from the darkness. He showed me what love is. He nurtured and protected me. How could I not love him?
“My love for him has healed his injuries many times. But, I am old enough to know the difference between right and wrong. I’m the most powerful woman in this part of the world. I will not be denied and treated as if I need healing.”
The father continued calmly. “We brought Sevilen back from visiting Albert the Second in Prague, because of your lack of control. How can you say you need no healing?”
“Those men were filth. They were no better than my father was. They deserved the punishment I bestowed.”
“Leyna, they were delivering goods, which we purchased. They were simple common men with simple desires. You, walking around looking like a goddess, will draw any man into your trap. They did not deserve to be turned into Eunuchs at the flip of your wrist. You wield far too much magic for one so uncontrolled. It will fuel your demise. What will my son do without his love? What will become of our territories?”
Ancient Leyna looked at ancient Sevilen sheepishly. She stood and kissed his cheek, her sheer dress flowed with her movement. “My Sevilen will always be my Sevilen and I will always be me. I do not need protection, or healing. He can go back to Prague.”
“Leyna, I apologize, but I am not going back to Prague. Your healing is most important so I will continue working on the spell. You will thank me once this demon inside of you is gone. If this isn’t done, you’ll be killed, or kill yourself with your own magic. 
“Marloque, please meet me after dealing with the estate to discuss my new ideas. Maybe we can utilize Archangel Raphael to help.”
Marloque nodded in agreement.
“An archangel to heal me? Unbelievable.”
The father nodded. “Excellent idea, my son. Raphael is an expert at healing.”
The father glanced at Leyna with disappointment. “Now, I must go. Remember this is the night of the celebration with Lord Vlad the second, Prince of Walachia. The entire town’s people have been eagerly anticipating this for weeks. The pigs have been fattened and the wine is ready. I wish I could be there myself, but my schedule does not permit it if I am to sail on time to beat the winter.
“Alexander has impeccably overseen it all, as usual. He also completed the temple, which is now at your disposal, Sevilen. I believe it will prove to be quite powerful due to its location on an energy center.”
He looked to Leyna pleadingly. “Please calm yourself and enjoy tonight’s festivities. Do not hurt anyone.”
Leyna was pacing. Little blue sparks flicked off her body randomly. “Lord Vlad the second, Prince of Walachia, I cannot wait to meet him. Another powerful lord.”
The father stood. “Yes, a dedicated man of peace and highly regarded. Treat him with the courtesy and respect he deserves. He has good relations with us, and I do not want them ruined.”
Leyna tugged my arm. “That’s the guy I messed with, isn’t it?”
“Unfortunately, yes. Let’s go home.” 
The weight of my body returned to me. My arm was stiff and I removed it from Leyna’s shoulder.
She stretched her legs and reached her arms toward the ceiling. “I guess that explains a lot. Now I’m even more afraid of learning these powers, knowing what kinds of things I did before.”
“But you aren’t like that anymore. You’ve been healed. I finally did what I didn’t do five hundred years ago. I feel pretty proud of myself now, knowing this.”
“Have I really been healed? I mean, do you think it’ll stick?”
“I hope so.”





“You don’t know what you don’t know.”
Dave Meier
26
It had been a few weeks since Leyna and I had taken Raphael’s advice and took our time getting to know our past and enjoying life. We had fallen into routines around the mansion and around town.
There was a nearby restaurant in town by the golf course. We went there every Friday and enjoyed the company of various other locals. It felt more like a country club by the way we were treated, and the way all the regulars knew each other.
Our morning routine consisted of waking up at seven, tea on the patio, breakfast with Alexander, a walk around the property through the woods and time in the library reviewing the past and learning. Then, lunch on the front porch and a walk around the town square stopping in the shops, and enjoying some fresh brewed coffee while sitting on the park benches.
The evenings were sheer bliss. Dinner, relaxing and, well, the unrelaxing as well. Leyna was incredible. She was teaching me things I never knew. At the end of each day, we fell blissfully asleep alongside one another.
We had fallen comfortably into a peaceful life. Then one day after dinner, we were lounging with our coffee on the patio. The wood ducks and pileated woodpeckers were returning to their nests in the apartment complex of a tree on the edge of the grass. They’d crawl in, look out of the hole as if saying good night, and then duck back in.
“Leyna, Sevi, wake up!” cried Aysel, standing on the top of the table in black leather, stiletto boots, tight leather pants, and a black leather vest over a tight, cleavage revealing, tank top. Her hair was wild and spiked. Long chain earrings and chains around her neck completed the look.
“Where were you? A biker convention?”
“As a matter of fact, yes. But I’m not here to discuss my private life. You two have had enough time to relax. You both need to realize what you can do and how to do it, so I’m going to teach you.”
Leyna said, “Aysel, good to see you, but I haven’t been through any gates.”
“You’ve been through all but the last, that’s how you killed yourself five hundred years ago. You knew too much, too soon, and you weren’t ready yet. Now that Raphael and Sevilen did such a good job of fixing that bullet hole in your head and fixing the rest all garbled up with you, you’re ready to gain your powers back and the powers of the seventh gate.
“Raphael suggested I might mentor you when we all had dinner that night. I decided to take a break from my usual gallivanting and carousing and make myself feel like I did something good by teaching you. I’ll be staying here until we finish. Now quit with the peaceful routines and lovey-dovey stuff and let’s get to work.”
Aysel looked at me and I responded. “We don’t know what we don’t know, so I guess it’s time to learn?”
Aysel leapt off the table and landed next to me as I sat in the wicker chair. She crouched, looking like a little demon, grabbed my head and kissed me on the lips quickly.
“You’re too cute, Lord Sevi. You’re darn right you don’t know what you don’t know and neither does pretty Lady Leyna. Training starts tomorrow after breakfast, which, by the way, you must know is an indulgence, not a necessity, since you no longer need to eat to live. But I love breakfast, so you’re lucky. See you both in the morning!”
This time as she left, a vaporous mist lingered beside me with a contrail following her off into the sky. Nice touch. I heard her respond, “Thanks.”
“So Aysel is going to teach us both. Does she always kiss you on the lips and say you’re cute? Isn’t that weird for a great grandmother?”
“Aysel is a little different in the way she looks at things. I think we might get that way, too, over time. Gods have their own ideas of right and wrong, appropriate and inappropriate. I’m not sure we want to learn what she has to show us, though.”
“Why not?”
“Because we’d be pink monkeys, we wouldn’t fit into the rest of normal society. We’d drift away from it.”
Leyna stood from her chair and came over. She sat in my lap putting her arm around my shoulders. I took in the alluring aroma of her skin and felt her silken black hair brush my face. She looked into my eyes as she brushed tousled hair from my brow.
“Is that a bad thing? We could enjoy our lives together like a couple of hermits. Normal isn’t all it’s cracked up to be. I never liked being like everyone else, and never was anyway, so I wouldn’t miss it. I could see where you might, but to be immortal, perfect, powerful, harmonious, happy, healthy, and wealthy? What’s not to like? Aysel always seems happy.” She kissed me on the cheek.
“I guess we may as well complete what we started such a long time ago. We all were made in God’s image right? Maybe there is some truth to that.”
I kissed her on the lips and looked in her eyes. “I want to live forever now. I guess I should use what I have and we should become what we are meant to be.”
Leyna nodded and winked. “Becoming a god can’t create too many problems, can it?”





“Learning is experience, everything else is just information.”
Albert Einstein
27
The morning was incredible. As usual, we watched as the birds came to the feeders—the catbirds doing more playing than eating. They were sitting on the covered swing and chasing each other around like a couple of kids. The smell of fresh air was a blanket to wrap it all in and reminded me that life is good, and everything was exactly as it should be.
Leyna, in a short pink nightgown and high-heeled slippers, read the paper while eating blueberry pancakes with local maple syrup. She sipped her fresh squeezed orange juice and looked over the front page at me as she bounced the foot of her crossed leg.
“Nice day, isn’t it, Sevi? This should be fun with Aysel.”
“For early October, this is an exception. A late Indian summer. I should think it —”
Aysel materialized in the seat I was about to take. I fell into her arms. She was dressed in black babydoll lingerie and black high heel sandals. I definitely didn’t have a frumpy great grandmother. 
“Gotcha!” Aysel laughed and squeezed me. She rocked me around with her little body, and then kissed me hard on the lips again. I scrambled to my feet and took the other chair. Leyna gave Aysel the evil eye.
“Now, now, Leyna. Jealously is a lower emotion and gods cannot have that, so suck it up. I can do whatever I want with my great grandson,” Aysel said with deliberate intensity to Leyna, who backed off and looked like a corrected child.
Aysel poured herself an orange juice and relaxed in her chair, looking at Leyna, who had hidden behind her newspaper. She seemed to absorb information about Leyna as she studied her.
“Leyna, it’s good you went right back to reading after I made you jealous. It’s a sign of control to be able to slough off lower emotions.”
Leyna dropped the edge of the paper to look at Aysel and smiled. “Thanks, Aysel. I appreciate that. I’m only getting jealous because I’ve finally fallen in love with someone and you keep making passes at him. Not to mention you’re his great grandmother and it’s creepy.”
“Don’t worry about my passes and don’t be creeped out. Great grandmother is just a title. Someday, maybe I’ll fill you in on our lineage. Ours is not a normal family tree. Anyway, I doubt Sevi will catch any of my passes anyway. It’s good you’re reading the newspaper, too. As time goes on, living an immortal’s life becomes difficult. Most immortals tend to live outside of time, since it has so little meaning to them. Reading the paper is a way to stay connected.”
“I’ve always tried to stay up on things, one way or another.”
“That’s good for Sevi, too, since he isn’t a news-watching person, so you can keep him up to speed.”
“So, Aysel,” I said as I finished my French toast. “What do you have planned for us today?” 
Leyna folded up the paper and went back to her breakfast while watching Aysel. Aysel was silent for a moment as she savored her grapefruit and the birds chattered.
Aysel swallowed and said, “Well, first I think we should somewhat reteach you two what you had learned to do from the wise man in the 1400s, plus the last gate. You were both very advanced. Now that she’s healed and can handle the powers, it’s time you both remember them.”
“You mean we already know and we just need to remember?” I asked.
“Every person on this earth has the capability to have the same powers you do. You learned to put aside your fears. You learned to change your paradigms of things like the way the world worked, what is right, and what is wrong. You learned that evil and good were just polarities of the same thing, like hot and cold, and both needed to exist in order for either to exist.
“You learned the world is multidimensional beyond the dimensions of time, length, width, and height. You practiced raising your energies through the various gates, achieving the sixth gate, which gave you many abilities.
“My intention is to reawaken that knowledge and complete all seven gates. Sevi, you have the download for the seventh already, so it will be easier for you. Leyna will be acquiring it as we go along.”
Leyna was eating her grapefruit and I watched her mouth relish the sweetness, her eyes closed. She licked her lips and spoke, looking intently at Aysel.
“Every person has the same capabilities? Everyone has access to this?”
“Yes, everyone. Unfortunately, all societies have a great way of imposing limiting paradigms on the population. This is done through belief systems, cultural norms, moralities, and so on.
“Societies use any number of control mechanisms to keep the general population in conformance and under control. Einstein said, ‘Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by the age of eighteen.’ He didn’t mean prejudices such as racism, but of the prejudices in our belief systems and paradigms.
“Here are some examples of what I’m talking about. What we think the world is and should be. What religion is right. What people are capable of. Whether there is life after death. Whether there has to be death or not. Whether or not some people can see the future or read minds. Whether we should get married and have children or be single. Whether homosexuality is right or not. These are all paradigms based on set beliefs and systems of thinking. The prejudices acquired by the age of eighteen.”
Leyna and I were absorbing Aysel’s teaching. “So, Aysel, we’ve been looking at things from our own narrow perspective. That’s why I kept thinking I was hallucinating.”
Aysel’s eyes lit up. “Bingo! Thank you, Sevi. Now you know why. Wayne Dyer, popular as a teacher of advanced living, said, ‘Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.’ It’s the same thing Einstein meant about prejudices. We view the world through our own lenses and blinders created by our paradigms.”
Aysel captured my interest. I never thought my assumed beliefs, or knowledge, could be wrong. “So, my world view is what limited my ability to believe in a new world view. My prejudices from how I thought the world was, messed me up.”
“I think you got it, Sevi. For example, we know scientifically there are eleven dimensions. How many people are aware of that and, if they were, would they be able to understand the implications, or change their paradigms to fit that model? Societal control would be lost if they did, but since most can’t, they can’t move forward. Societal control is safe.”
Aysel tapped her knuckle on the table. “We know this table isn’t solid, though it appears to be. There is literally more space in it than matter. People can’t grasp the implication of that either. E equals MC squared. Energy and matter are the same. Whom do you know who would even think about the implication? Yet, these are facts.”
Leyna was nodding as she squeezed the juice from the huge grapefruit into her bowl with her tiny hands. “But if they all have the capability and all knowledge is in the Akashic records, then why don’t they all know?” 
“Because they can’t access the records due to their paradigms and fears, their lenses and blinders. The veil between worlds remains down, the door remains closed. Christ said, ‘Knock and the door shall be open.’ No one is knocking. They can’t see, or even believe, there is a door.”
Aysel poured herself some coffee. “Consequently, there are only a small portion who attain this level through multiple lives lived. Some, no matter how many lives they go through, will never get there, since they are too driven to conform to norms and beliefs, and end up like Leyna was, stuck repeating the same mistakes over and over.”
“So why are we so destined to take on this role of gods?” I asked. I sat back and enjoyed the rich, vibrant, aroma of the coffee in my cup as I raised it to my lips and waited for Aysel.
“Because of the advancements you made through your lives. In the 1400s, your souls were already very advanced. Then, you were given the wise man, wizard, who taught you as well. Leyna was actually fortunate her father was the jerk he was, because that is what caused Sevilen’s father to take her into your family, as if she were another child of his. Both of you were then given the same instruction, and since you were ready and open, you learned. No paradigms got in the way. So, in a way, if it weren’t for Leyna’s dad, she would not be here today.”
I thought about it. “That sure sounds twisted, but the cause and effects do align.”
“Now, you’re both ready and primed to become what you were meant to be—what everyone is meant to be.”
Aysel gulped down her juice and stood up. Her babydoll revealed firm, pert breasts and shapely legs. I had to laugh. She wasn’t about to be judged. She didn’t care what others thought. Why should she? Not the usual grandma image, but a god.
Her tiny form stretched for the sky showing her tight belly. Hands on her hips, she looked down at herself.
“Oops. I never changed out of my entertaining clothes for breakfast. Sorry. I’m sure no one minded, though.” She looked at us with her head down and eyes up throwing a “you better not disagree” face with a big smile at us. “You’re right, Sevi, I wouldn’t care if you minded anyway.”
Aysel stood on her toes and lifted the other foot along her leg as if posing for a lingerie advertisement. “Abra cadabra cababa shabara.” She spun on her toe like a tornado and when she stopped, she was wearing black leather boots over skinny jeans and a long sleeve denim shirt. Her hair was in a bun on her head and she was all freshened up.
“Those words mean anything?” I asked, already knowing the answer.
“Ab-so-lute-ly not. Just for the show of it, like all the rituals created over the years. Just something to make the humans feel they are doing something, and to engage the people watching. Totally unnecessary. I like to do it, though. Not everything has to be perfectly efficient, although you, Sevi, might like to have it that way.
“Now, want me to clean and dress you two, or would you like to do it yourselves today? I think you should. Leyna, do you like the way I’m dressed?”
“Yes, I think it’s cute, very sexy. But, as usual, not great grandmotherly at all, but I’ll drop that thought so I don’t get creeped out so much.”
“Damn it, Leyna! That is nothing more than a family title. A way to incarnate into human form to help Sevi and you become what you are meant to be. I am a god. I came here to bring you two forward, damn it! 
“Who gives a second shit whether I’m Sevi’s great grandmother? That is just plain mundane thinking! I spent this earth incarnation to be here for Sevi and you and took on the title to do it. Sevi and I have no blood relationship, but I don’t want to tell you that whole story now either. So drop that paradigm of yours, treat me like any other soul on this earth, and drop that freaking image of me as a great grandmother.” 
Leyna’s eyes were as wide as mine were. I never saw Aysel angry like this. Now I know why she hates me calling her Ninee. 
Leyna looked at Aysel. “Uh, okay. Sorry, Aysel, I guess I do see your point. I was being mundane and using inapplicable paradigms here. The grandmother aspect means nothing. You are another soul who loves Sevi, who came to help us both. I get it.”
Leyna looked Aysel’s outfit up and down while Aysel cooled off. “I love the pants and boots. The whole outfit. You’re a gorgeous woman. Especially now that you got me straight on your true relationship to Sevi. The grandmother thing was just a vehicle to get you here for us. You’re a free soul. Thank you for helping me to see. And for spending a lifetime to help us.”
“You’re welcome, my dear. Sorry I blew up, but it had to be said. Now, know what I tell you to do will work. Don’t try, or go about it as if it might. Know it will work. First, imagine taking a nice hot bath and shower and your skin feeling squeaky clean. Imagine the feeling of brushing and flossing and whatever else your morning routine might include.”
Aysel observed Leyna as Leyna closed her eyes and imagined it. Leyna’s hair flew about her shoulders as if she were brushing it. The top of her nightgown lifted and it appeared that there were two hands beneath it caressing her breasts. Then Leyna’s eyes opened and she licked her lips.
“Wow, fresh brushed teeth and fresh washed. Incredible.”
“Very good, Leyna. Now look at my outfit and imagine yourself dressed the same. Don’t forget underwear so you don’t chafe.”
Leyna stood and studied Aysel as she turned around and displayed her full outfit. Leyna tried to spin on her toe, the way Aysel had, and ended up falling back into her chair.
“How did you do that spin?” Leyna said angrily, still in her nightgown, sprawled in the chair with her leg dangling over the arm.
“That was just for show, sweetie. You don’t need to spin. The way I did that wasn’t humanly possible, it was a bit like flying in place, and we haven’t gone over flying yet. Just imagine it all from where you’re sitting.”
Leyna looked up at Aysel, focusing on her clothes. She was bouncing her foot in the high heel slipper when she closed her eyes, and her foot was bouncing in a black leather boot with heels and the rest of Aysel’s outfit, when she opened her eyes. Her hair was in the same bun as well.
Leyna looked at herself. “Woo hoo! No wasting time getting dressed.” She stood up. “Oops.” She felt her bottom then closed her eyes. “Wow, I can even put underwear on when I already have my pants on. How efficient, huh, Sevi?”
“Nice job. Me next?”
“Yes, Sevi.” Aysel smiled.
I closed my eyes feeling the shower and the rest of the morning ritual and then imagined blue jeans, brown boots, and a white linen shirt. And, of course, underwear and socks.
“Nice job, Sevi, I wasn’t quite sure if you were going to look like us, or yourself.”
“Was I supposed to?”
“Only if you wanted. I personally like the female form better, but it’s up to you.”
“I’ll stay male, thank you.” I stood up.
Leyna turned to Aysel. “Where to, Sensei?”
Aysel took us each by the hand. “We’re going down to Bass Lake. I don’t feel like walking, though, so I’ll get us there.”
My skin crawled and we were there in a flash. We stood overlooking Bass Lake at the end where the boat launch was. The water wasn’t very deep and green slime covered it. Aysel grinned sheepishly as she changed into that of a Japanese Sensei—white flowing pants and wrap shirt with a black belt tied at the side.
“Okay, my students. Who will be the first to walk on water?” she said as she motioned to the slime covered lake.
Leyna was quick to speak. “No way! I’m not going to get all mucked up. Can’t you show us first?”
“Sure.” Aysel walked barefoot onto the slime as if it were solid. Her feet barely made a disturbance on the surface. She walked across to the other bank of the inlet to the lake.
“Come on over, guys. Just imagine it, and it happens.”
Leyna courageously shrugged her shoulders and started walking toward the water. She ended up walking right in and stood there in the muck.
We could hear Aysel from the other side laughing. “Come on. What kind of imagining was that? Imagine you’re walking on water, not in it. Try again.”
Leyna walked out; face red, boots and pants covered with guck. She turned, blinked, and strode ahead. Her first foot stayed on the surface, then her second. She kept going. Aysel cried out to her.
“Nice job! Now look out for—”
Leyna looked up and all of a sudden sank up to her breasts. She gasped and Aysel was bent over laughing. Leyna’s face was beet red.
“Aaahhh! Aysel! What are you trying to do to me?”
“I should have told you not to lose the image of what you were doing once you looked up. Don’t worry. Just put yourself back on top, walk back to the grass, and I’ll meet you there.”
Leyna floated up to the water’s surface and stood there covered in slime. She continued across and I took her hand as she approached the bank. Aysel was already there.
“Good job. You’ve walked on water. Wasn’t so hard now was it?”
Leyna rolled her eyes. “Not hard at all. How come when I do it right, I feel as if, beneath my feet, there is an energy supporting me?”
“Oh, yes, that’s because it is. I should have told you that first and saved you from getting messy. If you felt and created that energy, you could control it, versus trying to continue to imagine the result. That’s a more direct method and much less likely to drop you in the drink. Sevi, why don’t you try? Draw energy through your feet from the earth and then walk out there.”
I imagined a force beneath me, flowing into me. It felt like an electric current of sorts. I could change the intensity of it as well. I used it on the grass to walk above the blades of grass and it worked. I continued to walk toward the water and was able to feel the resiliency of the water, but then I drew more energy through me and felt the water’s surface harden. I was then able to walk, and even run across the water, which I did, and came back to shore. 
Aysel was there to greet me with a big smile on her face. “Nice job, Sevi. See, the knowledge is in you. A perfectly executed water walk. Now, Leyna, make it rain.”
Leyna stood there soaked to the bones and shrugged her shoulders. She closed her eyes, clenched her fists, and within seconds there was a downpour of rain in a circle barely extending beyond her hips. It washed the slime off her. She stopped it and opened her eyes.
Aysel snickered. “Leyna, dear, such a good effort. Very good amount of rain, but it seems you only gave yourself a shower. That’s okay.” She laughed again. “You needed it anyway. Next time I want you to feel the energy and direct it skyward through your hands to the clouds, and imagine it raining as far as you can see. Sevi, you try.”
I first imagined an umbrella, which Aysel did as well, and then made it float above me as I called the rains. A torrential downpour occurred as far as I could see; the rain shook the surface of the lake and bounced off the grass. Leyna was drenched again, and her eye makeup ran down her face. I stopped the rain.
“Good job, Sevi, perfect as a matter of fact.” Aysel floated up to me and kissed me on the lips. She landed on her feet and tossed the umbrella into the air where it disappeared. I did the same. “Leyna, why didn’t you cover yourself?”
Leyna was flaming red and fuming, but she retained her composure, speaking quietly and steadily. “I wanted to feel the rain and get a bit cleaner, of course. How the heck was I supposed to make an umbrella?”
“Oh, I thought you’d figure it out. I shouldn’t assume, should I? My bad. Feel the energy and use it to literally create an umbrella and feel the energy holding it above you. Try it.”
Leyna created an umbrella, let it float in the air, then tossed it and let it disappear.
“Very nice. Okay, throw a lightning bolt.” Aysel motioned with her arm as if to throw a baseball.
Leyna used the same motion. A basketball sized hole burst in the ground in front of her, sending mud and grass all over her body.
Aysel stood laughing. “I didn’t mean for you to copy my throw. You need to send it off from your fingertips. Feel the energy and then send it off. Sevi, show her what I mean.”
I pulled the energy and let it pass through me, as I aimed it through my index finger into the sky. A white, hot bolt flew upward from my fingertip at the speed of light and cracked in the sky. I could smell the ozone from it.
“That deserves a reward.” Aysel leapt into my arms, with her arm around my neck, and sucked my face with a deep kiss. She hopped off.
I looked at Leyna with her makeup running, her clothes and face covered in mud. Her jaw was clenched tight, as were her fists. Blue and white sparks were flicking off her knuckles.
Aysel corrected her again. “Careful, Leyna, don’t get frustrated now. You’re leaking lightening and you might hurt yourself if you’re not careful.”
Leyna wiped some mud off her face and took a deep breath, stopping the fire coming from her fingertips while her clothes steamed from the energy she had been pulling. She was literally steaming mad.
“That’s better, sweetie. Stay cool.” Aysel changed into a short denim miniskirt, low cut, tight tank top with no bra, and high heel brown boots. She took me by the hand and looked at Leyna.
“Okay, sweetie, follow us.”
We disappeared from Leyna and reassembled in the library at the mansion, on the couch, with Aysel pouring tea.
“Think she’ll find us?” Aysel said as she grinned and looked at me.
“What are you trying to do to her? She is getting very upset!”
“I’m testing her, of course. Jealousy, anger, ego, are all the things she had problems with before. I need to see she doesn’t have a reoccurrence of her old self.”
“She’s probably crying on the bank at the lake right now.”
Aysel waved her hands and showed what Leyna was doing before us in the air. She was kicking the dirt and throwing mud, but she wasn’t using her magic to make any problems. Then, as she finished having a tantrum, she sat on the mud in the grass and started to cry.
“I can’t take this, Aysel. I’m going to get her.”
“Whatever you want. I think she’s doing pretty well. She could be trying to blow me up by now. Maybe we’ve had enough training for today.”
“Yeah, I think so.” I took a cup of tea and went to Leyna’s side, put the cup under her nose, and stroked her head.
“Aysel was just testing you and you passed. She wanted to make sure you wouldn’t do the things you did before. It’s all over. Have some tea.”
Leyna took the cup and sipped from it while I imagined her cleaned, dried, and remade in a fresh summer mini dress and heels, on the couch in the library of the mansion, where Aysel sat next to me drinking her tea.
“There, that’s better now, isn’t it?”
Leyna looked up, surprised from the changes. “Why didn’t I think of that?” She threw a nasty glance at Aysel.
Aysel responded, smiling. “You were so upset, your smart side turned off, that’s all. You could have cleaned yourself up right when you first fell in the water. But, when the anger comes on, the brain shuts off, and you don’t think clearly. Sooo, the moral of the story is?”
“Don’t get angry, don’t get jealous, don’t have fear, and everything is doable.”
“Yes.” She reached across me and touched Leyna’s hand.
“Okay, Aysel, I was going to ask for an apology, but I guess I should thank you.”
“Darn right. You guys have fun the rest of the day. Tonight, after dinner, we’re going out for cocktails and dancing. Right now, I’m going to the Cayman Islands to see Mike and Auriel.”
Aysel changed to a thong bottom and string bikini top, high-heeled sandals, sunglasses and her hair in a ponytail. She left accompanied by the sound of steel drums as she faded from view.
“She’s too much. I don’t know about you, but I need a nap.” Leyna put her head on my shoulder and gave a big cat yawn. “Nappy time.”
We stretched out on the couch and I held her as she fell asleep in minutes. I listened to her snoring, the tick of the grandfather clock, and drifted off to sleep.
I dreamt we were in Prague at the top of the hill by the cathedral. There was a filthy red headed little boy smoking a cigar. I tried to figure out the scene, but it faded.





“Do not be too moral. You may cheat yourself out of much of life. Aim above morality. Be not simply good; be good for something.”
Henry David Thoreau
28
Leyna and I had a great lunch with Alexander and then relaxed, reading some books. I found “The Akashic Experience” by Ervin Laszlo in the library, which described much of what Aysel was teaching us. Leyna ate bonbons and read a Danielle Steel novel while wearing fuzzy slippers and sweatpants.
For supper we decided to make some steamed clams with garlic and onion sauce and a bottle of Pinot Grigio with some brie, crackers, and currants. Alexander kept a good selection of foods on hand for whatever anyone might want. Of course, we could probably conjure up our own, but there is a special magic in preparing the food by hand. Maybe it’s the anticipation and the smell of it cooking. 
When we were done, Aysel arrived all suntanned and sparkling from the flecks of sand still on her skin. Her hair was tousled and there were bruises on her neck as if she had been strangled.
“Hey there, kiddos. Ready to go to some night clubs?” She looked in the serving bowl and took out half a shell, scooped up a clam and sauce, and tasted it. “Mmm. Leyna, I didn’t know you could cook.”
“I don’t. Sevi made it.” Leyna walked over and brushed the sand off Aysel’s shoulders and the bottom of her back. “Been laying on your back on the beach, huh Aysel? Looks like someone was choking you, too, from the look of these bruises. I’m beginning to see an image of—”
“Leyna, dear, it is none of your business what I do with the other divinities. The Islands were beautiful. Perfect weather and the sand is so soft, you don’t even want a blanket to sit on.”
Aysel spun and the bruises and sand were gone, her hair refreshed and she wore a short revealing clubbing dress, with what must have been six-inch, strappy spiked heels that made her look like she was standing on her tip toes.
“Better now? I guess I should have cleaned up before I got here, but I thought we were family now. Who are you to judge me?” She glared at Leyna, then smiled and tossed her hair back.
Leyna looked sheepish. “I’m sorry, Aysel, I guess I’m still jealous from before, and trying to diminish you however I can. I promise to be better. Yes, I would like us to be family.”
“Good, then no worry.” Aysel kissed Leyna on the lips gently then poured herself a glass of wine. “Where shall we go? The world is our playground.” She took a chair at the table and waited for suggestions.
I gave her my thoughts. “Well, it’s six p.m. here, too early to go out, making it midnight in Europe, and early morning in Australasia. California is still working, and Hawaii is sleeping late. I say it has to be Europe.”
“That narrows it some, my Sevi. Any particular place in Europe?”
“The only places I know are the ones I went to with Leyna. I’m not sure it would be safe for her to go back there.”
“Leyna could be a totally different person if she wanted to. She could be blonde and petite instead of raven and tough.”
“Raven and tough?”
“Got ya again, sweetie. It is so easy to light your wick. You know what I mean. You could be a man. The point I’m making, while giving you opportunities to stay in control and not get angry, is no one would know you were Leyna if you changed your appearance.”
“I know, and thanks for all the training I’m getting. There’s a place I liked in the Stare Mestro called The Frigola Project. Maybe I’ll be a tiny blonde in high heels. I always wondered what it would feel like to be one. What do you think, Sevi?”
“Sounds good to me.”
Aysel took each of our hands. She looked at Leyna, changed her to a petite woman with long silky blond hair down to the top of her rump, and dressed in a similar clubbing outfit to Aysel’s, but a different color. Leyna was feeling her new body while Aysel gave Leyna more cleavage and larger breasts, lips, hips, and bottom with large doe-like eyes.
I had to comment. “Aysel. Come on now, you’ve made her into the epitome of a female sex machine. She’s more of a caricature than Barbie.”
“Is that bad?” Aysel said as Leyna ran off in her one-hundred pound, five foot tall body, clicking in her super high heels to look in a mirror. She screeched and laughed while she came clicking back to us.
A tiny bimbo voice came out of her swollen lips. “I can’t believe it. I look like I was designed by a man, for a man. It works for me. No one will recognize me, that’s for sure. I feel so tiny and sexy! And this voice!” She let out a bimbo giggle.
“Good, now for Sevi.”
I got larger and taller. About six foot two and I noticed my muscles thicken all over my body—not excessively, but firm. Then I felt washed and cleaned and in a black silk suit with a black shirt and super comfortable black loafers. I checked the mirror. My face and hair were the same, just larger to fit the body.
“Okay, let’s go.” Aysel took us by our hands and my skin crawled as we left for Prague.
The bar was as I remembered it. It was one where I watched Leyna as she acquired new victims. It was filled with a mixture of Russians, Czechs, English, and Americans, with some Polish and Germans. The music was pounding downstairs as we all went upstairs to the bar. I saw Martin, an old friend from my last trip.
“Sevi, you look different, but the same and well. How did the lady do? I saw the pictures in the paper.”
“Thanks. Been working out a little, and the lady is fine. A complete recovery. You look well, too, Martin. Can you make us some drinks?”
“I have made a new one, which I think the ladies and you will love.”
“Thanks, Martin, sounds great.” 
I gave him my credit card and leaned against a stool while we all looked around the room. There was a bar and a lounge with leather seating and hardwood floors. A light system decorated the walls with changing colors as a huge disco ball hovered, spinning slowly, over the stairs going down to the disco below. Martin came back with the drinks and handed me my card.
“Taste. If you don’t like, then free.” 
“Mmm, good.”
“Oh yes, very,” blond Leyna said with those wide doe eyes.
“I’ll have another,” Aysel said then drank it down.
Martin poured her another. “Keep the tab open, Sevi?”
“Yes, thanks.”
We took our drinks to a pit of plush leather seats around a coffee table and sat.
“Leyna, I remember watching you as you collected your victims here. Do you remember doing it?”
“I do, but I don’t remember why I was doing it. It’s as if I were someone else. Like my life before, working at Progpark. I remember some of the things I did and wonder why I did them. But, since it seems like it was someone else, it doesn’t bother me. Just seems odd I did them.” Leyna sipped her drink and looked around the club while Aysel chair danced in her seat.
“Wanna dance?” Aysel prompted with a big smile. “I need to find someone to dance with.”
Bimbo voice spoke up. “I think they’re all checking me out, Aysel. You did too good a job on this body. I wonder what’s going through their minds. Wouldn’t it be something to be able to read people’s thoughts?”
“Leyna, honey, you can. Just open your divinity hearing. Feel the energy and connect to it, then ask for the doors to their minds to open. Ask and ye shall receive.” Aysel motioned with her hands as if offering it up to Leyna.
I watched as Leyna pulled energy through the floor into her. She closed her eyes, showing her eyeshadow, and then they snapped wide open and she screeched and put her hands over her ears.
“Ahh! Stop, stop! That was a little overwhelming. Such a cackle of voices. It sounded like the whole world was talking at once.”
“Well, it probably was. I guess I should have told you to focus it a little tighter. You can hear the world, the room, or one person’s mind.” Aysel sat back grinning.
Leyna’s face flushed red. She squinted, smooshed her lips together, and concentrated on Aysel. She looked like a baby filling a diaper.
Aysel laughed at the sight of Leyna, the angry bimbo. “You don’t have to squint, and I’m not opening my thoughts to you so don’t bother. We can shield our thoughts from others, too. Try someone else.”
I tapped into Leyna’s head and could hear her bitching to herself about Aysel. Leyna looked at a guy walking by that stared at her from head to toe, then stood at the corner of the bar looking at her. Leyna covered her mouth and leaned over to me while Aysel started laughing.
“He’s thinking bad thoughts about me. He wants me bad. What a creep.”
“Hey, you forget, you were a hottie before, and you’re an even more obvious hottie now. Don’t blame him. Are you gonna take him up on it?”
Leyna gave me a dirty look. “Just when I get myself squared away, you ask me a question like that? No, I just want to be with you, Sevi.” She leaned over and blew me a kiss. The guy staring at Leyna moved on. Leyna turned to Aysel. “Is that why you’re doing this? So you can play around with some guys a little, and test me some more?”
“Honey, I just wanted us to have fun. I also wanted to see if you’d fall back into your old role of victimizing these guys. I guess not. Come dance with me. Sevi, grab our drinks and find a place for them downstairs where we can sit after, then come dance with us.”
I did as my great grandmother told me; I found us a good seat and joined the girls to dance. I tried out the mind reading some more and, if the girls weren’t with me, they’d be receiving plenty of offers.
We did have fun that night. We went bar hopping until four, got a hotel room, and stayed the night. I just couldn’t bring myself to have my skin crawl and travel after all of that drinking. I was afraid we might end up somewhere we didn’t want to be. I think Aysel may have had the same feeling, since she didn’t leave either.
The girls slept in the bed together and I slept on the couch. I thought it might help Aysel and Leyna to become better friends.
“Morning, Aysel,” I said as she came into the living room of the suite, barefoot and wrapped in a hotel robe.
“Morning, Sevi. Shall we climb up to the palace while we’re here? You created all those Czech crowns last night and we shouldn’t waste them.”
“Excellent idea. Let’s wash up, eat, and we can go.”
Aysel harrumphed, blinked her eyes at me twice, and her hair flew around her as she magically cleaned herself and changed into jeans and a tee shirt with sneakers.
“I’m ready. Let’s get the princess up, okay?”
We woke Leyna, readied ourselves, and ate downstairs. Then we were off to hike through the ancient city streets. The city must have been one of the more magnificent ones back then, having been built in the 1300s. It was a perfect seventy degrees. Everything was idyllic.
We walked through the narrow cobblestone streets to the Charles Bridge on the Vltava River. The sun warmed my shoulders as we perused the cart vendors’ wares on the bridge; beautiful paintings from the local artists, some decent looking jewelry, photographs of the city, and so on.
Thirty statues lined the sides of the bridge. All the statues had certain areas on them where Christians had worn off the oxidation on the bronze where they’d kissed it or placed their hands. Aysel walked up to one glistening spot, put her palm on it, and closed her eyes as if in prayer.
“Come here, both of you, and feel this. Just take the energy, asking to feel and hear the remnants where you touch.”
We both placed a hand on the spot where Aysel’s was. A shiver ran through me. I closed my eyes as Leyna tensed while I held her other hand. I saw an old woman asking for youth. I saw a young man asking for love. I saw the crying mother of a sick child and felt her pain. It streamed into me like a rapidly changing movie, full of emotions, feelings, and voices. Just like reading the minds that were in a language other than English, I could understand what they were saying. I stopped, Leyna stopped, and we both looked at Aysel.
“You can connect to any one of them and change their lives. You can touch any object and read from it whatever emotional attachment the person rubbing it had. It’s like a tape recorder.”
Leyna said, “Is that what you do? Help answer these people’s prayers?”
“No. I suppose I could, but in most cases it wouldn’t help them long term, unless it were part of the lesson they were to learn in this life. That is, if the person was supposed to have a miracle in this life and I answered it, it would be proper, but if they weren’t, I would make more of a mess for them, since it would ruin what they were trying to do in this life. The life they chose before they incarnated.
“You could ask to hear the prayers of people as well, like the minds we read, and you could then sort out ones you were able to help.”
Leyna tilted her head and nodded. She swept her long blond hair over one shoulder. “I see. So we shouldn’t solve problems for people at random.”
“No, sorry, you’ll have to be sure it’s the right thing to do. You’ll feel you want to, but you have to ask the question, or else you won’t know for sure and you’ll run around wreaking havoc, being a barnacle on the wheel of people’s progress through the spiral of life. If you want to answer prayers, you have to ask to hear ones that need to be answered. That alone could give you enough work for your immortal lifetime.” Aysel looked at Leyna, who nodded, and then she looked at me and I did the same. “Okay, touch the statue and tell me the year it was put here.”
We did and Leyna and I both spoke at the same time like two shocked students.
“1969!”
Aysel spoke in Gaelic now. A language with a sixteen-letter alphabet and twenty-six implied letters. The old language sounded beautiful, but not many would understand it, which is why Aysel was using it. Leyna and I didn’t miss a beat as she spoke.
What she said was, “Yes, the originals were placed here in the 1600s, long after the bridge was built, but then the statues needed to be replaced and so the originals were put into a museum. They started replacing them in 1965 and the one you touched was replaced in 1969.
“See the information you can obtain? Some older souls, present day witches, wizards, gurus, sorcerers, and so on, can do these feats, as well as the mind reading we did last night. It’s actually one of the simpler abilities of a god, but quite entertaining and useful.”
Leyna and I looked at each other and I could tell she was as much in awe as I was. These powers were a big responsibility. How would we ever decide how and when to use them and not make a mess of things? Leyna grabbed my hand and squeezed it tight.
Aysel grabbed my other hand and tugged us along, continuing to speak in Gaelic as she went. “Don’t worry, I know it seems overwhelming. Maybe that’s why I’m such a flake sometimes. You have to have fun, too. What’s the point of being ever powerful, omnipresent and immortal, but not having fun? You can’t get too hung up on it all. Follow your heart and you’ll know what to do. Just don’t get over zealous, and beware of the downstream ramifications. Look at the alternate paths—especially in politics and large-scale adjustments.
“Sometimes what seems bad at the moment, ends up being the cause of good in the future. If it weren’t for some of the bad guys, we may have destroyed ourselves already. But, their badness caused ripples of goodness to be able to continue from a higher level. Without them, we may have perished.
“Go slow, my children. Enjoy, be blissful, that is your first task.”
Leyna clung to me, her hands around my arm as we walked, as if I prevented her from stumbling. I pulled my arm free and wrapped it around her tiny shoulders and she wrapped her arm around my waist. It felt so good to love and be loved by her. I knew why I went through all that trouble five hundred years ago.
Aysel walked in front. She looked back and picked up speed. We let each other go to keep up with her. We were at a trot when I realized no one except the three of us were moving. Leyna screeched again, stopped, and held her hand over her mouth. Aysel heard her, and came back.
“Ah, another overwhelming ability. Kinda neat, eh? You can use this when you want more time to make those last minute decisions. You know, the ones where things are happening fast and you’re not sure what to do.”
People started moving again. “See, they never knew it. Time is remarkable, an illusion—just another dimension. We can exist in time while we can stop theirs. We could bring them with us if we chose to, as well. Nevertheless, it tends to freak them out, so it’s not advisable.” She laughed. “C’mon, let’s cross the bridge into Mala Strana.”
Mala Strana was a town with narrow streets and granite cobblestones like the rest of Prague, but older and quainter. We browsed the myriad of tourist stores and smelled rich foods from the restaurants.
We stopped for some pastries. Cinnamon, sugar and dough were wrapped on wooden dowels and cooked over charcoal. They were fantastic.
Aysel pulled me down so she could whisper in my ear.
“Watch this. We can plant thoughts into people’s heads. I’m going to suggest he give another one to Leyna for free.”
The man cooking the pastry suddenly looked up from his work while Leyna finished her roll. He took one off the rod and wrapped it in a napkin.
“Miss, it seems the one I gave you was too small for one as beautiful as you. I apologize. Please, take another.” He smiled widely as he handed it to Leyna, who accepted his gift.
“Dekuji,” Leyna said with a big bimbo grin.
“Prosim. Prosim,” he replied happily.
“See, sometimes things can make people happy. Even if I did put that thought in his head myself.”
Leyna came over, eating her pastry, and I whispered what happened.
“Aysel, you took my fun away. I thought he did that himself. We can do that, too?”
“Of course. Just use the methods you’ve been using with your intentions and it will work.”
“Isn’t it wrong?”
“No, I don’t think it is life changing. It just made you and him happy for a short time. As I said, you can have fun. It’s allowed.”
Aysel ate the rest of her pastry as she moved us past the embassies for the different countries on the street we climbed. The doors of the embassies were magnificently carved and decorated. The street was steep, but the smells and sights kept us moving upward.
We finally reached the top of the hill where the palace and the cathedral stood. We strode through the yard of the palace up to the cathedral and Leyna had to ask Aysel some more questions. “What can’t a god do?”
“Nothing. Well, they can do nothing, too, but there isn’t anything they can’t do. Along with the things we’ve already done, they can turn people into frogs, have them fall, make people hear or see things, fly and, pretty much, if you can think of it, you can do it.”
Aysel raised her hand. “Oh, sorry, except we can’t stop wars, and we can’t stop people from killing other people. Well, we can, but the ramifications of interference, as I said earlier, must be checked very thoroughly, or fixing a bad, can make a real, real bad. Lastly, free will reigns. We can put thoughts in their heads, make them feel things, but they ultimately decide what to do.”
“So after it’s all been said, we’re kind of powerless?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that. We can have lots and lots of fun. We can help situations, too, but you will need to be cognizant of any ramifications.”
“Okay, so what are all the seven gates? Why does learning the seven gates make us a god?”
“It is the definition of the seventh gate, that’s why. Let me explain the gates.” 
We walked past the cathedral headed toward the grape vines planted on the hill. On the way, we saw a group of tourists in front of a bronze statue of a naked, teenage boy, looking skyward. A spot on the statue, where everyone rubbed him, was polished and shining. Girls were giggling as they looked at his shiny male part. They were deciding whether they should do it. We all got a laugh and kept walking.
Aysel continued teaching. “The first gate is aligned with the first chakra. Chakra study is another way to get here over lifetimes, and all of this is in the Akashic records, by the way. The first gate gives us the feeling to want stuff, and the drive to get it. Trying to gain fulfillment through material things, right Leyna?”
“Oh yeah.”
“The second gate is for sexuality, desire of any kind, the center of physical strength and enthusiasm. The center for creation and creativity, sociability, friendliness, and self-worth. This gate energy is required to fire all other gate energies.
“When the third gate has been achieved, self-esteem and self-worth, gut feelings, intuition, and spirituality occur. Spirituality means the spirit inside of the machine. It supplies energy in the form of heat, power, and enthusiasm. When the third gate is open, you have found your own gift, work that gives you pleasure and makes you feel fulfilled. When you’re at your third gate level of development, it's appropriate to build a positive self-image—ego. You will let go of it at the sixth. The third gate is the force behind our will.
“In the fourth gate is the ability to give and receive love. People feel exceptionally good about themselves. When this gate is attained, the heart opens wide, a person’s sexual and power centers are enhanced and people find they’re writing, lecturing, or singing with a new zest, which other people find irresistibly attractive and even charismatic.
“The fifth gate is the center for communication. Through this, you can learn to accept your true nature and acknowledge your divinity. Psychic ability is here, and access to the Akashic records.
“The sixth gate holds higher intuition, metaphysical knowledge, and psychic ability. Whatever you can conceive here, you can achieve. Our aspirations are literally created here. Think it and it is.
“Finally, the god gate, the seventh. You become the divine nutcase. Sound familiar? We are utterly beyond laws and norms, unpredictable, and unaccountable. Your behavior could very well be considered antisocial, amoral, and incomprehensible. Your morals are according to your own ethics.
“You have the potential to transmute matter into energy and energy into matter as we’ve seen. Sexuality isn’t likely to be as interesting as it was, though it still isn’t too bad, trust me,” Aysel said with wide eyes and a big grin. “But since you have a form of energy exchange that’s quite ecstatic now, though it is not focused at any particular part of the body, body sex is not quite as pleasurable as the energy exchange is.
“Since all the bodily cells can be transmuted and renewed, you’re capable of immortality, miraculous healings, and raising the dead. I say yuck to that, though. I’m ready for a refreshment.”
Aysel looked around then continued. “Since you both have all the knowledge you need now, you’re there. The only thing that will change is you’ll grow better at everything through your experience and use of the Akashic records.”
Aysel walked up to a cart where a vendor was serving local wines along with coffee and tea. We joined her.
“We’ll take three spiced wines, please.” She must have placed a thought in the girl’s head, since the girl winked at me and handed me a larger glass than the rest. I thanked her, “Dekuji Vam.”
“Prosim,” the girl said as she smiled and winked at me.
I nodded my head and smiled. “Thanks, Aysel, not necessary though.”
“Just playing, Sevi. Mmm, good wine. Love the spices.”
We walked the path toward the grape vines and were able to look out across the city from the height we had climbed. The view was tremendous.
Leyna tapped my cup to hers and sipped as she wrapped her arm in mine and looked at the view. “Beautiful, isn’t it? Sometimes I’d come up here and sit on the grass looking out. It was one of the few things that made me feel good.”
Aysel commented, “You needed to do more things like that, Leyna, and you wouldn’t have gotten in such a state as you were. That’s all water under the bridge, though.” Aysel sipped her spiced wine as she looked at the view.
As I looked out, something changed. The traffic sounds below stopped, the chirping in the trees stopped. The clouds just hung there motionless. I breathed in a sulfur-y stench. I looked at Aysel and heard Leyna gasp.
Aysel grinned a little and shrugged. “I think I forgot to tell you one other thing.” She looked around and we all saw that everyone was frozen in time.
“Aysel, did you do that?” 
“Not me, but I think I know who it is. Michael, come here quick, Seth is here!”





“Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil.”
Marcus Aurelius
29
Aysel slugged her wine down and put the cup in the garbage.  “Let’s head to the cathedral.” We started to walk back toward the cathedral. Michael appeared alongside her in full battle regalia—all seven feet tall, red blond hair, gold armor, massive pearlescent wings, and drawn sword.
Aysel touched his arm. “Thank you, Michael. Seth is here somewhere. I was just going to tell Sevi and Leyna about the cathedral.” She headed off in a trot and spoke as she ran.
“The cathedral is a safe zone for us. Even though evil started the mess here long ago with the Hussite war and evil created the Crusades, the good gods have seen that the churches and places of worship are spaces where evil isn’t allowed. Much as I did with our mansion and property.”
As we followed her and Michael, I saw the boy from my dream.
Aysel said, “There he is. Thank God you’re here, Michael.”
The boy was sitting on the back of a man who had been tying his shoe before he was frozen in time. The boy was about ten years old, with red, curly hair, a freckled face, ripped jeans, torn sneakers, and a tee shirt with, “Try it and see!” written on it. He was smoking a black cigar.
As we approached, Aysel described who he was. “This is Seth, an evil demon god. He’s thousands of years old and has taken a liking to representing himself as a young boy, which he thinks masks his evilness. The cigar helps mask the evil stench he carries from the side of the energy he taps into. Remember, evil has to exist for us to exist. He is one of many. 
Aysel addressed the disgusting demon. “Hello, Seth, you old fart. What brings you to pay us this visit?”
Seth puffed on his cigar, tapping the ash into the hair of the man he was sitting on. He gave a little boy’s laugh as he did.
“I love stopping time and doing this shit to these unawakened simpletons. Should have seen when I moved them around, arranging husbands to hold hands with hookers, and their wives to kneel in front of guys I set up like that boy statue with their pants unzipped. They had a fit when they came to. But, I’m getting off the subject. I just love my job, I guess. The reason for the visit is to greet your new protégés.”
“How nice of you. That doesn’t seem appropriate behavior for your type, though.” Aysel knocked the ashes off the head of the man and pulled Seth up to get him off the man’s back.
“Hey, watch it, bitch! Don’t go touching me!” Seth’s young voice rang out as he jumped back and forth from foot to foot, while he waved and swung tiny fists at Aysel as if to hit her.
He straightened his tee shirt and sucked a puff off the cigar. He blew smoke into Aysel’s face. “I came to see this Leyna bitch was really on your side. All that work I did with her dad to get him to do those things to her in so many lives. I thought for sure I would get her on my side, until Sevilen here healed her. The way her body is now, she’d be a perfect fit for my side.” He winked at Leyna and licked the tobacco juice off his lips with a brown tongue as he grinned.
He turned his head and looked at me with piercing blue eyes from under angled red eyebrows, as if to burn me with them. “You ruined her for me.”
“For a while there, I’d have thought she might be a better fit for evil than good, too. Guess I did good, eh?”
“Yeah, good, that’s the problem! Do you know there is now a profundity of excess on the good side?”
“A profundity of excess? Big words for such a little boy. What extent might that profundity be?”
“There are now seven more of you guys than us! That’s got to be fixed!”
Aysel came back at him. “Maybe you should clone yourself. Of course, I can’t imagine seeing eight evil little boys running around in that ridiculous body. Why don’t you go play with that statue of the boy around the corner?”
“The one all the girls play with? I put that there.” Seth stood tall and pulled his shoulders back showing his pride. “It gets their minds going and gets them comfortable touching those parts. Nice, eh?”
“Real nice. So what do you plan to do about this profundity of imbalance?”
His voice turned deep, raspy, and took on a supernatural power. “I plan to get it corrected, one way or another!” He sneered at Michael and added, “If you hadn’t brought the big goon and his sword here I’d have corrected it already. I hope I ruined your day!” He smirked and left in a swarm of flies and stench.
Michael sheathed his sword, waved, and disappeared. Everyone started moving. The man tying his shoe held his back as he stood with a wince on his face, then brushed his hair from his face, and gave a strange look to his wife.
Aysel shook her head as we stared all stared at one another. We were lost as to what to do and what danger this put us in.
Leyna moved closer to Aysel and asked, “Can he harm us?”
“He could kill us, or just plain make a mess. Because they can put themselves in harm’s way, it’s not often the opposite sides of the gods interfere with each other. We all have rules to obey. Seth may not care if he breaks the rules and loses his life, since he’s such a fanatic. He can be like those crazy religious zealots the world has. Not everyone on his side is like him, though, so he may get resistance from them.
“Let’s go home where we’re shielded and he can’t get in. We need to figure this out. This is the first real god problem for you two to work on; if we’re to have any freedom now that Seth is after us.”
Aysel took each of our hands. Leyna kissed me on the lips and said, “I love you.” Then, I felt my skin crawl.



Continue on to read the first chapter of the next book in the series called, “Reluctant Gods - The Demon Seth”

“Most of us can, as we choose, make of this world either a palace or a prison.”
Sir John Lubbock
“There is no greater hell than to be a prisoner of fear.”
Ben Johnson
“The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.”
Mark Caine

Palace or Prison

The fire crackled in the library radiating its feverish heat to Leyna and I folded into one another reading on the leather sofa. The snow sparkled as it fell outside the windows in the spotlights. I wasn’t in favor of that waste of energy, but I was overruled.
Aided by the after dinner brandy and cigar, I was deliciously relaxed and felt I should stir about lest I fell asleep at somewhere before eight o’clock. 
The three quarter hour Ave Maria strike on the grandfather clock alerted me to the time. I was just about dozing on the couch as I listened to the fire crackle and the steam from the hidden radiators along the wall trying to keep us warm.
I moved Leyna gingerly from my shoulder; her drooping eyes scolded me. “Leyna, it’s way too early to be falling asleep. We’ll end up waking at three in the morning looking for something to do.” 
She continued to scowl, stretched her arms, curled her back, and opened her mouth in a yawn that reminded me of a cat awakening. Her long black hair shined in the firelight, her skin flushed radiantly from the heat.
“Oh my gosh! I know you’re right, Sevi. This is just too much being at home. I love this house and the things in it and us being together, but I wish we could escape. Even if it was just to the grocery store! I love Aysel, too, but she can be sooo…uh, sooo Aysel, ya know?”
I stood and poked the four-foot logs with the long poker wondering at the carbon imprint we were leaving with this massive old place. “Yes, I know, I feel the same.”
A new voice entered the conversation and it was berating to say the least. “What do you mean Aysel is sooo Aysel? And since, Mr. Decarain, you are agreeing, maybe you can answer that!” 
My twenty-six-year-old looking great grandmother, Aysel, stood in four-inch stiletto heels and a black baby doll nightie. Her shoulder length earrings swung with the body language she threw at us. 
She came over to the fire and looked up at me, since she was five foot six in her four-inch heels. Smug and afire, with hands on hips, she stared me down, or up as the case was, and waited for my reply.
“Aysel, Ninee, my god, well, I guess you are one of my gods that is, but can you please perform a little introspection right now? Can’t you see what this is doing to us? We’re all on edge from being cooped up so long. Now settle down, please?”
“First, I’d like to know what that comment was about!” Aysel stomped over to Leyna, glared at her, hands still on her narrow hips, and saying nothing except what her eyes spoke.
“Aysel, listen to Sevi, that’s what the comment is about. But, if you insist on asking!” Leyna stood and glared at Aysel and started reaming her. “If you have to know, I do not enjoy you running around the house dressed like the queen slut all the time. You could at least dress in street clothes!” The fire was in Leyna’s eyes and I saw tiny flicks of blue and white light flashing as she tried to remain in control of herself.
Aysel reached out to slap Leyna, but Leyna shielded herself quickly, which caused Aysel to slap her hand painfully hard on Leyna’s force. “Bitch! Prude!” Aysel stepped back, ready to throw a bolt of lightning, her hand rose, fingers grouped together and pointing in unison. Not a bit of loose blue flicks though, since Aysel had the advantage of years of control. Leyna stood and aimed the same way, but the blue lights zapped and flicked off her into the air at random.
I jumped between them and grabbed both of their aiming hands. “Enough! If you want to fight, do it normally! What kind of way is this for two gods to act anyway?” 
I held their arms tight, pulled them both close to me, wrapped my arms around them and pulled the energy into me like a ground rod on a roof. I felt the burn as it moved through me, to the floor and into the earth. “We have to take action; we need to be doing something other than hiding out here in our safe house! Seth needs to be dealt with!”
I walked with their now relaxed bodies to the couch where we all took a seat. The leather creaked and the clock’s last strike of eight resonated from the hall, once again reminding us that time was passing.
Aysel leaned her head against my shoulder. She sighed  loudly as she put her hand on my knee and ran it up my jeans to the top of my thigh and back. “Sevi, you’re right, we are going insane. I need to have a life again!” She looked up at me, took my head in her hands, and kissed my lips deeply, filling me with her energy and lust.
Leyna stood and glared at us both. “How can you two be like this? Aysel! You are his great grandmother! Just because you look twenty-six doesn’t make it okay. Sevi! I thought you loved me!”
“I do, I do! Uh…”
Aysel defended her actions. “Leyna, settle down, your old jealous self is coming back. Did you forget we are gods and gods have no morals? And Sevi and I are not blood relatives, remember?”
“Ungh!” Leyna stomped over to the fire; her oversized, favorite, and ragged sweatpants and top like flags stuck to her frame.
I stood and went to her. Aysel fell off my lap with a thump, startled. “Sevi! How dare you drop me!”
“Aysel, take a downer please. Let’s just all calm down.”
Alexander entered the room just in time with some nightcaps. “My lord, Lady Aysel, and Lady Leyna, please try this new concoction I came up with. It’s sure to bring a more pleasant disposition to you all. I know it has personally done wonders for me while listening to all of you.”
Alexander smiled his warm loving smile, revealing white teeth behind his dark Turkish skin. He passed the tray in front of us as he offered his newest creation, nodding his head as he did. We each took the large martini glasses carefully to our lips and sipped. “So? Lady Aysel? I’ll ask you first since you are the oldest soul.”
“How nice, the oldest soul. Alexander, as always, your work is impeccable. Thank you. I feel better about these two miscreants already. Sorry for the troubles, you two.”
“Lady Leyna?”
“Very nice, Alexander, leave it to you to keep us in check. Thank you. Aysel, apology accepted and I offer mine as well.”
“Thank you, Leyna.” Aysel nodded and sipped her drink. “So.” She strutted around the room. “What is the answer?”
She ended up by the fireplace with her hand gripping the mantle as she peered in at the flames. The stone griffins holding up the mantle stood like sentries. Aysel turned and wiggled her butt against the heat of the flame, smiled and winked at Leyna and me in turn, and was once more the Aysel we knew.
“Lastly, Lord Sevilen, does the drink meet with your approval?”
“Absolutely. I will certainly have more.”
“That’s why I brought the pitcher, my lord. Mind if I stay here a while? I’m interested in this conversation, as well.”
“Of course not, Alexander. Your presence is always an honor.”
Alexander sat in the great wingback chair by the fire; the only seat fitting of his stature and grace. It held his back straight and tall as he was, at six foot six. His regal and gracious manner flowed from him. Smiling, he sipped his drink. “So, Lord Sevilen, do you think there are things we can do to remove this blight on our lives? Something we might do to, on, or about Seth?”
“I’m sure we can think of something. Heck, we are gods and we weren’t stupid as humans either. We also have access to the Akashic Records, right?”
“Well yes, sir, we do, but things of the gods are rarely, if ever, written in them. That is, information of the things to come for us, the results of our labors, or our encounters. We are somewhat exempt. We would have to be of the next level up in order to access those records. We haven’t the proper energies, so to speak.”
Alexander crossed his legs nonchalantly, a leather slipper dangled from his foot. He loosened his tie and smoothed his impeccable woolen dress pants. His drink went on the Louis XVI end table carefully. He removed a case from his pants, removed a cigar, snipped the end and tossed the bit in the fire. He lit it with a stick match using his thumbnail. “Like one, lord? Ladies?” He looked at Aysel and Leyna in turn, presenting the case. 
Aysel took one. “Thank you.” She snipped it with the instrument Alexander offered and lit it with an ember-tipped stick from the fire. Aysel looked at Leyna then at me. She winked at me as she rolled the cigar in her lips, licked the tip with her tongue seductively, and then stood like a model in front of the fire. 
Alexander gave a deep-throated chuckle and looked at me. “Lord, I think we have to resolve the Seth issue, or we will have chaos here.” Alexander grinned and looked at the two goddesses as they eyed each other up and down.
Leyna stood and walked to the other side of the fireplace. She strutted like a stripper, posed by the fire, and looked at me. She stripped her sweatshirt off revealing a black top similar to Aysel’s.
Leyna licked her lips and looked at Aysel, who was now smiling. Leyna slowly pulled her sweatpants down to her ankles, uncovering her stockings and garter belt. Then, Leyna proceeded to try to take the sweatpants off over her sneakers.
She stumbled and twirled about when her feet stuck. Aysel laughed with a hand over her mouth. Leyna balanced like a Russian ballerina after she managed to get one leg free. Her foot hit the floor then went back up as she tried to remove the pant leg from the last foot. Leyna twirled and landed head first into Alexander’s crotch. Sweatpants still stuck on one foot, hair a mess, ego bruised. Aysel giggled like a schoolgirl, smoked her cigar, and posed by the fire.
Alexander, always the gentleman, reacted as one. “Lady Leyna, please allow me to assist.” Alexander lifted her to her feet and then seated her in his chair while he held his cigar in his mouth. He undid both of her sneakers and helped her with the pants. 
Leyna flushed and Alexander diverted his eyes. “Lady Leyna, my apologies, but you seemed in need. May I go get you some respectable shoes to go with the very womanly outfit you have chosen to wear this evening? It seems flatfoot or sneakers would not be flattering, if that is the intention you had with this outfit.”
Leyna’s eyes cried in despair. Her voice was tiny and childlike. “Please? I put them inside the grandfather clock case in the bottom. I was saving this outfit to surprise Sevi after everyone went to sleep, but it seems hard to compete with Aysel right now.”
Aysel went to Leyna, climbed into the big chair with her, and put an arm around her. Aysel nuzzled her hair and kissed her on the cheek. “Leyna, angel, I love you and Sevi, please don’t get upset at my antics. I am what I am.” Aysel sniffed Leyna’s hair, took her head in her hands, and looked her in the eyes.
Leyna nodded while Aysel held her head. Tears welled up in Leyna’s eyes. “I’m so sorry. We just need to fix this mess.” 
“I know, dear.” Aysel kissed Leyna on the lips deeply, pulling her hair as she crushed Leyna in an embrace. 
Leyna responded by grabbing Aysel’s head in the same manner and the two of them were locked in an embrace with Aysel’s hand on Leyna’s breast as Alexander approached.
The two were glowing bright white, which I could see as an energy exchange with the god’s eyes I now had. The time in the house had given all of us the opportunity to tune our abilities and right then I knew the two goddesses were not just touching, but exchanging energy in a blissful manner. 
Alexander looked at me and I shrugged my shoulders. One of Leyna’s eyes opened, seeing Alexander, then went wide as the energy field collapsed. She pulled back from Aysel and looked at Alexander and what he had in his hands as he knelt before her. “Oh my, I’m so sorry, Alexander.”
“Nothing to be sorry for, my lady. Allow me.” Alexander took her foot and slid on a five-inch, strappy, black satin shoe, and tied the strap around her ankle then did the same for her other foot. He stood, admired his work, and backed away.
Aysel sat on Leyna’s lap, content, and smiled at Alexander. “Alexander, could you take a seat on the couch? I’m afraid if I get up, Leyna won’t allow me back and this feels very nice. Sevi, you’re okay with this right?” She waved her hand over the two of them.
“Of course, Ninee.” I had to laugh. “You’re something else.”
Alexander responded next. “Of course, Lady Aysel, I would love to sit on the couch with Lord Sevilen.” Alexander sat next to me, puffed his cigar, and sipped his drink. “So, what do we do?” He looked at each of us in turn.
Aysel said, “I say we stay here forever and let Leyna and I become closer. Mmm.” She gazed at Leyna, enjoying the hair caresses from Leyna.
Leyna laughed and kissed her cheek. “Sorry Ninee, we do need to get back to reality. That was nice and I will probably feel different toward you from now on, but the reason it came to that is because of our being locked up together. Maybe we can try it again when we aren’t locked up and our libidos aren’t so abnormal. Right, guys?” 
Alexander sipped his drink, smiling.
I addressed everyone. “Okay, we can talk now that we aren’t killing each other. Let’s think of ways we can solve this. I’ll get a flipchart from the office.” I went to the office, gathered the flipchart and some fresh markers. They were laughing and saying things about engineers behind me. A good thing from where we started tonight.
Alexander passed me on my way back, waving the pitcher in his hand. “I shall obtain more mental lubricants, my lord.” His cigar smelled sweet as he strode by. I set the flipchart by the side of the fire where we all could see it, and titled the top of the page: “Ideas To Solve The Seth Issue”. 
Alexander reentered the room with a fresh pitcher. He poured mine first and put it on the mantel, along with a trimmed and lit cigar for me. He poured the goddesses’ drinks and handed them to them so they wouldn’t have to break their embrace. He poured his and took a seat as the clock chimed out the half hour.
Aysel took a fresh cigar from Alexander and lit it for Leyna who rolled it between her lips, puffed, and blew smoke rings into the air, then hugged Aysel. Everyone was settled. They looked at me.
“Okay, let’s go. What can we do to solve the Seth issue?”
Smiling, Aysel responded first. Leyna was obviously in collusion with her now because she smiled and nodded her head as Aysel said, “Let’s wait him out till he gets tired of it!” Leyna laughed and Aysel kissed her.
“Uh, that is why you two were fighting before and why we’re getting increasingly strange as time goes on. It’s what we had been doing and it wasn’t working. You two nearly killed each other with your lightning bolts less than an hour ago!” I wrote it down on the flipchart and Aysel and Leyna gave a “Woo Hoo!” as I did. “Okay, another one.”
Leyna responded after she exhaled smoke into the air. Her arm was around Aysel. “You’re an engineer. Isn’t there some kind of technology, whether mortal or magick, that can shield us from him so he can’t find or see us? Other than having to stay in a shielded place such as the mansion here or a church? Then we could go dancing, travel and play with Aysel and not worry.”
I nodded. “Good idea, Leyna.” I wrote it down. “Shielding technology/magick.” Leyna and Aysel clapped like little girls and hugged each other in celebration. It was weird to see them this way. If you remember from the first documentation of this strange journey of ours, they never really got along that well—like two cats in one sand box.
I looked around the room and sipped my drink. I puffed the cigar Alexander gave me. Alexander was pensive and crossed and uncrossed his legs as he sat on the couch. Aysel and Leyna were feeding each other drinks and, after Leyna sipped, she spoke up again. “Kill Seth!”
Aysel pulled back and looked at Leyna’s face. “Sorry, dear.” She looked at me. “Don’t write it down. It would create havoc. If we start a war, we will regret it, and starting a war is what it would do.”
I stood and fidgeted with the marker in my hand. “But he’s threatening to kill us.”
“If he did, he’d probably get snuffed out by his side because we have an agreement to never harm each other. The balance could be affected and the world would cease to function. Even if all the evil ones were killed, there would be no balance. No, don’t even give that thought the energy of writing it down. Sorry, Leyna, my love.”
I puffed the cigar and tossed the head of ash into the fireplace. I sipped, tasting the intriguing flavors Alexander had incorporated into the concoction.
“Thank you, my lord. I do think it is one of my best. Though the enchantment of a fairy priestess always makes a concoction taste better.”
“Enchantment?”
“Yes, my lord. A dear friend of mine, Asha, made me a box of enchanted stirring sticks to mix drinks with when I wanted something special. A wonderful woman I have been amiss at seeing lately and miss greatly. Anyway! What if we defuse him, bind him such as High Priestess Asha might. Ancient spells exist and they can be very powerful.”
“Do you have such spells?”
“I believe I do. I mean, we could just do it ourselves, but to use a spell made specifically for the purpose is always good since the focus is guaranteed. Similar to having Gabriel help when you healed Leyna. Perhaps Asha would be willing to assist us.”
“Excellent!” I wrote it on the flipchart, bobbled my marker, which nearly whacked me in the face, then fell toward the floor. It never hit the floor, though, since I drew it back between my fingers.
“Nice, Sevi! You’re using your gifts unconsciously. Just be careful not to get caught in public, dear.” Aysel shook her finger at me as Leyna brought a drink to Aysel’s lips.
“But, Aysel, I could make them forget they saw it.”
“Touché! But if you didn’t know they saw…that is the problem.”
“Very sensible advice, Lady Aysel,” Alexander said as he stood and walked toward the still blazing fire, cigar in his mouth.
He warmed his hands and turned to face us, one hand on the mantel, one hand holding his drink to the light. “Which brings sensibility to mind. What if we talked sense to Seth? He’s more ancient than us and one would think he was sensible just by the fact he has survived this long. The balance of good and evil is always slightly off due to attrition anyway.” 
Aysel waved her arm through the smoke rings she just blew as if erasing Alexander’s idea. “Alexander, I’ve known Seth for a some time and he is a stubborn little imp that always thinks he’s right. I’m not sure it would work, but I guess it’s worth a try. Though, not my vote as the best bet.”
Alexander nodded and bowed toward Aysel as he held his drink out before him. “Acknowledged, Lady Aysel. Strip it from the list, my lord.”
“No way. I think it should be tried. It’s the honorable thing to do.” I wrote it down.
The clock played “Ave Maria” and then chimed nine times while I walked back and forth before the fire. I stooped over and kissed Leyna.
Entwined and cozy in the wing chair, they smiled. The bronze Archangel Gabriel lamp behind them cast a warm glow from beneath the ivory silk shade.
I looked around this wonderful room, smelling the smoke that occasionally made its way back into the room from the fireplace. I smelled the fine cigars Alexander had given us and it all made me feel as rich as we were. The surroundings, the cigars, the wonderful people I was with—and all of us immortal so we could enjoy it for eternity. I started to lose sight of what we were doing, but Aysel brought me back.
“Yes, be thankful, always. It is a secret few know. Thankfulness brings more to be thankful for. It’s a shame most give thanks only once a year. Anyway, dear, go to your flippy chart thingy and write. This is something that might work well with Seth’s nature. Something for him to be thankful for.”
Brought out of my reverie, I walked over and picked up the marker. “Shoot, granny.”
“Aysel is the correct moniker, please, youngin. No Ninee. Certainly no granny. Do I look like a granny to you, sittin here with your babe in our hottie nightclothes? Now write what I tell you.”
“Okay, okay.” I waved my arm with the marker and faced the flipchart ready to write. The smoke from the cigar tip wafted under my nose, I breathed it in as I circled my marker hand above the paper ready to write.
“Busy him with an evil she god. Find the little pervert his hottie. Hotties distract those with proclivities for that sort of thing.”
I wrote it down, laughing as I did. How appropriate, I thought, as Aysel sat on Leyna’s lap, both of them very much distracted by each other. I had a feeling we were running out of ideas.
I had personally contributed nothing and felt amiss for that. I paced the oriental carpet then stopped at the flipchart and turned the pages back and forth.
I walked some more. I peered around the room from the doorway. I looked at Alexander, Aysel, and Leyna and wondered what can make someone feel so good. That is, the essence with which we can change Seth if an evil one does have such feelings. They must.
I looked, watched, and felt. It was love that made it all good. The love one feels when things are as they should be and the people you are with are all you know or want. Do evil ones know love? I went to the chart, picked up the marker, and wrote it down. Love. What a powerful motivator.
Aysel pulled free from Leyna’s kiss. “Won’t work, baby. They know love. Most love their own deeply. But, Seth is, uh, how do you say…messed up. Like Leyna was. And we can’t heal evil ones. Not allowed.”
“Hmm. Too bad.”
Leyna started to come out of her bliss with a look of epiphany on her face. “How about we talk to the other side about Seth? It seems he doesn’t quite fit and if they know he’s out to create a war between good and evil, I think they’d handle him themselves, whatever they do to him. Let’s squeal on him to their big guy.”
I wrote it down. Squeal on Seth. Aysel lifted her head from Leyna’s shoulder with eyes wide open. “Tristan is a rather sensible guy. He is, as Mick Jagger says, ‘A man of wealth and taste’. I think we could approach him and have a rather good discussion, not to mention a wonderful meal, and welcome greeting from him and Lillith. They are such nice people.”
“Tristan and Lillith?”
“Well, you know Lillith by her name, his wife, but Tristan wanted a more modern name with less connotations than his past names brought, and rightly so.”
I wrote it on the chart. Talk to Satan. “No Way. Talk to Satan?”
“Not Satan. Tristan.”
“Just a name.”
“Your paradigms are influencing you, Sevi. He’s a great guy and his wife is a doll. They’ve been together forever.”
“Nope, last resort, Aysel. Sorry. Can’t go there.”
“Okay, at least it’s on the list. Trust me. It’s a simple solution and fun as well. He’d take care of Seth once he knows what he’s been doing. I don’t know why I didn’t think of it right off the bat! Oh well, we’ll see. You’re the Designated One, baby. I’m retired.”
“Okay. I think everyone did well tonight. I only wish I could have come up with something myself.” I looked at them as I took the last puff off the cigar and tossed it into the fireplace. Leyna had fallen asleep and Aysel’s eyes were drooping as she sat on her lap. Alexander was slouched on the couch and he appeared ready for sleep as well. “I say we go to bed. Everyone looks done for today.”
Alexander roused himself, put the glasses on a tray and cleaned up. He looked at the sleeping goddesses. “Shall we carry them or magically transport them to bed?”
“Good idea, Alexander, I’ll put them both in mine and Leyna’s bed and I’ll sleep in Aysel’s. As well as they got along tonight, I don’t want to separate them.”
“Need any help?”
I stood before them, waved my arms, closed my eyes, and visualized them in bed tucked in under the covers. They faded from the chair, leaving it empty.
“Good job, my lord. You have done well in relearning your powers. Congratulations!”
“Thank you, Alexander. I’ll go check that they actually made it into the bed okay and I didn’t put them in upside down or something.”
“Good follow up, my lord. Have a good sleep.”
“Thank you. Same to you. See you in the morning.”
With some good ideas and the girls getting along so well tonight, I felt we were at a turning point. 







Selected References
Arewa, C.S. Way of The Chakras. Hammersmith, London. Thorsons Harper Collins Publishers, 2001

Braden G. The Divine Matrix-Bridging Time, Space, Miracles and Belief. Carlsbad California. Hay House Inc., 2007.

Gardner, J. Pocket Guide to the Chakras, Berkley, California. Crossing Press, 1998.

Greene, B. The Elegant Universe- Superstrings, hidden dimensions, and the quest for the ultimate theory. New York, New York. W.W. Norton & Company, 1999.

Kaku, M. Parallel Worlds-A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions and the Future of the Cosmos. New York, New York. Anchor Books, 2005.

Laszlo, E. The Akashic Experience. Rochester, Vermont. Inner Traditions, 2009.

Murphy, T & Hopkins, M. Rosslyn-Guardian of The Secrets of The Holy Grail Falmouth, Cornwall. Element Books Limited, 2000.

Pond, D.Chakras for Beginners – A Guide to Balancing Your Chakra Energies. St. Paul, Minnesota. Llewellyn Publications, 2005.

Walker, E.H. The Physics of Consciousness- The Quantum Mind and The Meaning of Life. New York, New York. Basic Books, 2000.
