Resounding Echo

By
Michelle Louring


Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2011 Michelle Louring
All Rights Reserved


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Next Book in the Angel’s Voice Series
Acknowledgements
Follow the Author



To all the persons who have tried to bring me down through the years. 
The hardships you put me through made me into the strong and self-respecting person I am today. 
1

The silence in the temple was deafening. No sound was heard in the deserted hallways and not even the chirping of birds filled the gardens. It was just before sunrise, and the usually crowded yards were empty. Neither the priests nor the people who came to seek the gods’ blessings were up yet. Not even any of the many refugees who sought sanctuary there were to be seen this early in the morning. 
A sigh broke through the silence. On the roof overlooking one of the temple yards sat a young woman. She was the only one up, and she sat so still that no one would have noticed her, even if there had been anyone there to pass by.  
Selissa shifted slightly. She had been sitting there for hours already, and her back was starting to get stiff. She knew that the priests would reprimand her for sitting out all night, just like they always did, but she couldn’t bring herself to care. 
A cold wind blew through the yard and made Selissa’s long, black hair fall into her face. She absentmindedly led a hand to her face to brush it away. The cold didn’t bother her. It helped chase away a very different kind of chill. 
The nightmare was still vivid in her mind. It had plagued her for as long as she could remember. Ever since she first came to the temple. 
How long had it been since then? Five years? Six? She couldn’t quite remember anymore. 
Ghostly images still flashed through her mind when she closed her eyes. It was always the same. A dark room, filled with whispering voices. It was always the same. She was surrounded by cloaked figures. She would never see their faces, but their voices haunted her even during the day. A constant whispering, like they were chanting. A sudden pain shooting through her body, as if Hell itself tried to burn its way through her back. 
She never saw what happened at the end. She would always wake up in cold sweat, as if the pain had been real, the chanting still resounding in her mind. 
A noise broke her from her thoughts. She had barely noticed the first light shining in the horizon, announcing the start of the day. The apprentices were the first to show for the morning’s duties. Their first job of the day was to make sure everything was ready for the morning Mass. 
Selissa knew the priests would be making their way to the great hall by now to perform the Mass. She never needed to know what time it was. The life in the temple was so structured and predictable, she could hardly remember the last time something out of the ordinary happened. Every day started out with the Mass in the morning and ended with a ritual at night. After the Mass the classes would start. The apprentices would study in the library or assist the priests in teaching the children who came to the temple for guidance. Once a week, the priests would perform the Blessing for everyone who wished for the gods’ protection. Every once in a while, some of the refugees living at the temple would get into a fight, but the priests would always make sure to put an end to it. More than once, she had gotten involved in those fights and been on the receiving end of a couple of punches. But that was the worst that ever happened under the temple’s roof. 
She knew the priests had to pass by the place she was sitting to get to the great hall. And she knew that if they saw her sitting there, they would not only pester her about staying out at night, but also make her attend the Mass. 
She quickly jumped down from the roof, as quietly as possible, so the passing apprentices wouldn’t notice her. Sneaking around without getting discovered was a skill she had mastered early in her time living there. 
She knew exactly which hallways would be empty at this time, so it was easy to avoid the temple’s other residents. She made her way through the maze-like corridors, which she knew like the back of her hand, to the garden farthest away from the main halls of the temple. 
She smiled as the garden came into view. The morning light bathed it in an almost ethereal light, painting the grass in a pale green color, which couldn’t be seen at any other time of day. 
The garden was almost isolated from the rest of the sanctuary, and Selissa felt like she was stepping into a completely different world as she entered it. The sound of human activity was closed out, and as she slowly made her way across the grass, the only noise made was of the birds that were just beginning to wake up. 
She liked the solitude the garden provided. It let her escape from the life of the temple, even if just for a little while. She was thankful to the priests who had taken her in all those years ago, and they had always treated her well, but still she knew she didn’t belong there. It was like there was an invisible wall between her and everyone else. It didn’t make sense to everyone else, but she felt the least alone when she was by herself. 
She walked through the garden, slowly approaching the small lake that filled the back. She could hear the muted sound of rippling water as she watched the light play across the surface. 
She sat down by the edge and watched the water move quietly. The wind had blown a few leaves into the water, and rings were slowly spreading, disturbing the surface.
As the water stilled, Selissa found her reflection staring back at her. A narrow face, defined by high cheekbones, was framed by thick, dark hair, but it was rarely that which caught peoples’ attention. The pair of eyes staring back at her looked like they were made of pure silver, the pupils so faint it seemed like they were not even there. They stood in sharp contrast to her dark hair and made the reflection shimmering across the surface seem unreal. 
She sighed to herself. It was no wonder people kept their distance. She knew that those strange, silvery eyes unnerved them. The way she looked reminded them of the demons in the myths who took the shape of humans. In a place where people worshipped the angels, those eyes made everyone wary of her. 
She was so lost in her thoughts that she almost missed the sound of footsteps. Her head snapped up when she noticed the sound and scanned the garden for the intruder.
A young man, dressed in priest robes, stepped into the garden and walked towards her. She relaxed immediately when she recognized him.
Calen had been an apprentice at the temple when Selissa first came there. He was one of the people who had found her lying battered and bruised outside the sanctuary grounds all those years ago, when she was taken in by the temple’s priests. 
Even though he had long since passed his exams and had become a priest, to her he was still the same as back then. The years hadn’t changed his boyish but kind face much and he still had the same shaggy, blond hair that gave him a permanent disheveled look. 
 “Skipping Mass again?” He asked, as he approached her. There was no accusation in his voice, and the smile on his face told her that he was more amused by her actions than disapproving. 
Some of the tension disappeared from her shoulders. Calen was the closest thing she had to a friend and being around him always made her feel at ease. “I’m not skipping. I’m just not attending.” Selissa answered promptly, before realizing how stupid it sounded. Calen’s smile widened and he let out a chuckle. 
“The High Priest won’t be happy with you, you know.” He said, sitting down next to her. 
She scowled and rested her head in her hands. “That old man is never happy, is he? I might as well be slacking, since he needs something to complain about anyway.” 
Calen let out a sigh, even though the smile never left his face. He was so used to her antics by now that he didn’t even try to correct her. 
“Why did you come out here anyway? I guess you didn’t just want to remind me that I wasn’t at Mass.” Selissa asked, suddenly realizing that he must have had a purpose in coming to find her. 
“Some refugees and travelers arrived this morning to seek sanctuary here. Since you skipped Mass again, the High Priest wants you to help getting them settled in.” As Calen said this, he started to rise from his place beside her and extended his hand to help her up. She stared at it for a moment, before reluctantly accepting it. How bad could it be?

2
A loud, creaking sound cut through the air as the gates opened. Selissa waited, none too patiently, with Calen and a few of the temple’s apprentices. The gates opened fully, and a small group of people started entering the temple grounds. Most of them wore ragged, dirty clothes, clearly showing that they were refugees. Many of the people who came to the temple had fled their homes because of war or persecution. The outer areas of Sinaria had been plagued by the conflict with the enemy nation Ver’Dohna, ever since the war broke out between them a few years ago. No one knew the exact reason for the war, or who made the first strike, but that didn’t stop the two countries from despising each other. Unfortunately, it was innocent people that paid the price for that resentment. 
The result was thousands of people fleeing their homes and being separated from their families. The temple provided sanctuary for anyone who chose to come there, so seeing refugees was nothing new to her.
She watched as the people approached, most of them shooting wary looks around them.  By now, paranoia was so deeply settled in them that it would probably follow them for the rest of their lives.
A young girl stumbled on the road and fell to her knees. The hood on her ragged cape fell from her face and long, bright red hair spilled out from it. But it wasn’t her hair that caught Selissa’s attention. 
On the girl’s face, right under her left eye, a black mark was tattooed. Even though it was the first time she had ever seen someone with such a tattoo, she recognized it immediately. 
The Mark of the Cursed… She had once seen a picture of it in one of the library’s books, but never thought she would meet someone who was Marked themselves. 
The Mark of the Cursed got tattooed on people who were influenced by demonic magic. They were considered outcasts and were often hunted down when people saw the symbol on their cheek.  
A boy, probably a few years older than the girl, helped her to her feet. Selissa noticed that many of the temple’s residents who were passing by were staring and whispering among themselves. The red-haired girl lowered her head and tried to look as small as possible. The boy kept his hand on her shoulder and glared at the nearby people, who were suddenly in a hurry to get to their destinations.
Selissa followed them with her eyes as they passed by her. The young apprentice who was going to greet them was obviously nervous, his eyes constantly flickering to the tattoo on the girl’s face. 
“She must have had it hard if she is met with such hostility even here.” Calen’s voice broke her from her thoughts and she turned away from the sight of the two children. Her only answer to his statement was a nod, as her eyes turned back to the last of the newcomers. 
Most of them had already been led away, but Selissa’s eyes landed on someone who lingered by the gate. She wondered why she hadn’t noticed him before. Just by looking at him, she knew that he was neither a refugee nor an ordinary traveler. 
She couldn’t see his face, since he was wearing a hooded cloak, but his frame was tall and abnormally thin. Seeing starved orphans or refugees were nothing unusual, but this man clearly wasn’t a refugee. His clothes were both new and clean, and when he started to walk towards them, it wasn’t the meek walk of a runaway, but a brisk, confident stride. 
As most others had already left, Calen started to walk towards him. She heard him greet the cloaked man, who merely nodded as an answer. 
Calen started to walk towards the temple halls, the stranger following right behind him. Calen smiled at her and acknowledged her with a nod as he walked past her. Selissa barely noticed him, her eyes never leaving the other man. As he strolled closer, he lifted his head and for the first time she saw his face.   
A pair of dark, intense eyes looked back at her. The face under the hood was pale, framed by dark brown hair. His cheeks were sunken and the skin was practically stretched across the bones. If it hadn’t been for the intense look in his eyes, she would have thought she was looking at a walking corpse. 
Suddenly his eyes met hers and her entire body went rigid. A strange feeling went through her, a feeling of recognition. Like she was supposed to know this man…  
His eyes bore into hers, and he didn’t look away until he and Calen were past her. Selissa watched them disappear around a corner, too shocked to move at all.
She finally pulled herself together and shook her head in an attempt to shake the feeling off. “What the hell was that…?” She muttered to herself. She had never met this man, and she sure as hell didn’t have any desire to meet him again. But still, her mind was screaming at her to run after him and demand he tell her who he was and what he was doing there. 
ℓ
Later she found herself brooding in her room. The stranger bothered her more than she would ever admit. Even Calen had noticed her foul mood, even though she was trying to act like nothing was wrong. Finally she had grown tired of his questioning looks and had hid in her room. 
A sigh escaped from her lips. She was acting ridiculous and she knew it. It was not like he was the first strange person that had come to this place. Through the years, enough unique characters had passed through there to fill a Sinarian circus. 
The temple welcomed everyone. It was dedicated to Issara, the angel of sanctuary. She was one of the seven archangels, servant to the Sinarian god Shi’laran. Six similar temples were placed all over Sinaria, each dedicated to one of the seven angels. 
To turn someone away would be considered sacrilege, and Selissa had no intention of going against the guardians of Sinaria. 
While growing up she had been surrounded by thieves, robbers and even a couple of guys she suspected might have been assassins. A thin guy in a cloak should not have bothered her. 
She rose from where she was seated on her bed and went to her cabinet to pull out her training clothes. She might as well do something instead of sitting around and torturing herself. 
A few years back, a blade master had stayed in the Issara temple for a couple of months. His name was Teren’thil and he had taken a liking to Selissa, despite the fact that everyone else preferred to keep their distance to her. In the time he had stayed there, he taught her a lot about sword fight and hand-to-hand combat. 
She had gotten quite good at it and had continued training, even after Teren’thil had left. And at the moment, a hard training session sounded like a good idea. 
She started undressing to change into her training outfit. As she pulled off her shirt, she caught a glimpse of her back in the mirror on the other side of the room. One would think that she should be used to it by now, but the sight still made her flinch. 
The symbol snaked across her back, the black of the mark contrasting with her pale skin. When the priests first found her, they had thought it was a tattoo of some kind, but there was no sign of any damaged skin under the mark. 
Selissa herself didn’t know what it was. She didn’t remember anything, except her name, from before she came to the temple, and the mark had been there ever since. 
It was a strange symbol. Black lines circled each other, like snakes fighting for dominance, and covered much of her back. She had looked through thousands of the library’s books to find out what it meant and asked every priest who would listen to her, but no one seemed to know what it was or what it meant. 
Selissa pulled the shirt on, willing herself not to care. The symbol, the nightmare... No matter what she did, she couldn’t figure out what it all meant. There was no point in trying if there was no answer. She had told herself that so many times, she almost believed it. Almost. 

3
She slashed at the air again and again, trying to hit invisible enemies. She was spinning around herself rapidly, graceful movements making it seem as if she was dancing, rather than training.
As usual, she trained alone. Calen had no combat training, and no one else liked to spend more time in her company than strictly necessary. So ever since Master Teren’thil had left, Selissa’s only opponent had been herself.
Slash, kick, dodge…
She moved vigorously, swords dancing around her. The blades in her hands were the only thing of value she owned. The pair of twin swords had been a gift from Teren’thil, just before he left. They were old, but well-kept and of good material. The blades were long and thin, and light enough to allow her to swing them with ease. From the hilt of each sword hung a long, red ribbon, which flew around her with each swing. They were designed to attract the enemy’s attention and distract them from the actual blade, and they flew through the air, painting scarlet red lines before her eyes.
Stab, swing, kick… 
Selissa let everything else around her disappear, just focusing on every step and every movement. The weight of the swords in her hands was familiar and calming. By now, they felt like extensions of her arms.
Spin, slash—  
Cough. She immediately stilled and spun around when she heard someone clearing their throat behind her. On the stairs leading up to the hallway behind the yard sat the strange traveler from earlier. He had changed his clothes and was now wearing a long coat instead of the cloak. Around his neck hung a long scarf and he had a lit cigarette in his hand. 
“Small girls shouldn’t be playing around with weapons. They might end up getting hurt.” He said. His voice was low and surprisingly pleasant compared to his unhealthy appearance. He took a drag of the cigarette in his hand, but kept his eyes trained on her. 
Selissa’s hands tightened around the sword hilts in anger. Who the hell did he think he was? She was one of the best fighters in the entire temple and the adjoining village, even counting all the travelers and war refugees that resided there. He had no business questioning her skills, just because she was a woman.
“Little girl, you say?” She answered, trying not to let her fury show in her voice. “Can a walking stick like you even lift a sword?”
The walking stick wasn’t fazed by her taunt. He merely continued to watch her calmly over the cigarette. “Why don’t you try and see for yourself?” He asked and rose from the stairs. He threw the cigarette on the gravel and put it out with his foot. 
Selissa raised an eyebrow at the man’s challenge. Did he really want to fight her? She snorted scornfully, more than willing to teach this man a lesson. She threw one of the swords at him. It landed right between his feet, the blade cutting into the gravel. The stranger still wasn’t fazed. He stared at her calmly, before bowing down to pick up the sword. He easily dragged it out of the earth and held it up before him. 
Selissa didn’t wait for him to be ready. She charged at him, sword ready to strike. She slashed and hit— Nothing. Eyes wide in surprise, she heard the gravel shift behind her. She spun around as fast as she could to block the incoming blow. Blades clashed against each other, and the strength of the strike sent her stumbling back several steps. She just barely managed to regain her balance before falling on her back. 
She jumped back to make some distance between them. In her mind she heard Master Teren’thil’s voice scold her. “Never underestimate your opponent.” He had told her that so many times, and she cursed herself for forgetting. 
She slid into a battle stance as she studied her opponent. He was standing casually in front of her, like they were not in the middle of a fight. She willed herself to calm down. Fury might have made her strikes stronger, but it would ruin her technique. She took a calming breath, before striking again. 
This time he blocked her attack before making a strike of his own. But this time she was prepared and spun out of his reach. She aimed a kick at his stomach, which he just barely dodged. 
They spun around, kicks and blows flying around, blades slashing through the air. No one got a direct hit at the other, and Selissa soon realized that they were too evenly matched for either of them to gain the upper hand.  
She jumped back and stilled, chest heaving from her ragged breathing. The stranger stopped moving too, and simply watched her from the other end of the yard. 
“You’re a lot tougher than you look, I will give you that. Let’s say we’re even, shall we?” Selissa said as her breathing started to return to normal. The stranger simply nodded, a smirk on his face that made her want to bash his nose in. 
“Let’s say we are.” He agreed. He held her sword up for her to take, and she hesitantly stepped forward. There was still something about him that put her on her toes and knowing that she probably couldn’t beat him in a fight didn’t make her any more comfortable. 
“Do you have a name, stranger?” She asked as she accepted the sword.
“Has no one ever told you that it’s rude to ask someone for their name before giving your own?” He said, the arrogant smirk never leaving his face. Selissa felt her jaw clenching at his attitude. Did this arrogant fool even know the meaning of the word humility? 
She forced a smile to her face. “My name is Selissa. Pleased to meet you...” The stranger clearly heard the thick layer of sarcasm in those words, since he raised an eyebrow in amusement. 
“Selissa? As in Sorrow? What kind of parents gives their child a name that means sorrow?” He asked. Selissa’s eyes widened for a fraction of a second, before she hid her surprise behind a bright smile. She knew her name originated from Sinar, the ancient language of Sinaria. It hadn’t been used commonly in centuries and was now only used by those who studied ancient texts. The only ones who knew how to speak the language now were highly ranked priests and historians. For him to know the meaning of her name, he had to have some knowledge of it as well. Not for the first time since he arrived, she asked herself who this man was. 
“Well, I wouldn’t know. I don’t have any memory of my parents.” She said pleasantly, the fake smile still in place. A strange look appeared in his eyes, as if he had just gotten something confirmed he already suspected. It was gone as soon as it appeared.
“So they abandoned you in this place? Like so many of the other unwanted children who live here?” He asked with such nonchalance he could be talking about the weather. 
His tone swiftly ignited Selissa’s annoyance with him into full blown fury. He had no right to assume something like that! He didn’t know anything about her!
A pang shot through her chest as she realized that neither did she. The reason for her anger was not his words, but the fact that they might be true. No one had ever come searching for her. She had always told herself that her parents were dead, but maybe the truth was that no one wanted to find her. 
She forced herself to remain calm. “It’s none of your business.” She said, before turning away from him. 
“You’re right. It’s not.” He simply said before lighting another cigarette and turning away.
As he started to walk away, Selissa felt the need to have the last word. “Those things will kill you, bastard.” 
“Alassane.” He said.  
“What?” Selissa asked, brows furrowed in confusion.
“My name. And somehow I seriously doubt that this will kill me.” He said, chuckling as if it was some kind of inside joke. 
Selissa could only stare in confusion as he walked away. 

4
The sound of the village was a sharp contrast to the peace of the temple. Everywhere people were hurrying around, doing their work or the daily errands.
Although Selissa liked solitude, there was something about the bustling life of the village that she enjoyed. Maybe it was the lack of the solemnity that normally surrounded the people living in the temple or maybe it was the fact that she was able to blend into the crowd with everyone too busy to shoot her strange looks.  
She made her way through the streets on her way to the village’s tailor. Calen had asked her to pick up the robes for the new set of apprentices that would arrive soon. Every year some of the priests accepted apprentices that would study under them, later to become priests themselves. 
She had never once considered trying for an apprenticeship herself, despite Calen’s insistence. She had a deep respect for Issara, but the life of a cleric was not for her. She was a fighter by heart and would never be able to live by the strict rules of priesthood. 
Angry sounds arose from a crowd nearby. People were standing in a half circle, looking down and yelling at something in the middle. Selissa craned her neck to see what it was, but even her tall frame couldn’t reach over the people in front of her. She considered ignoring it for a second, before quickly admitting to herself that her curiosity would get the better of her soon anyway. 
She stepped forward, pushing through the crowd under loud protests from the people around her. Finally, she managed to squeeze to the front of the masses to see what all the fuss was about. 
On the ground lay the red-haired girl Selissa had seen yesterday. The boy who had accompanied her stood leaning above her, obviously trying to protect her from the angry villagers. Selissa tried to comprehend what the poor girl could possibly have done to upset so many people, when she realized that the problem was. 
The girl was Marked. That was why everyone was so upset. 
Someone threw a stone at the girl. It hit her on the cheek and left a bloody mark. Despite the fact that it had to have hurt quite a bit, the girl didn’t make a sound and merely shied away. The boy yelled furiously at the crowd for them to leave her alone. 
Selissa felt rage bubble in her chest. Had these people no shame at all? This girl’s only crime was the mark on her face, but still these people treated her like dirt.  
She saw another person lifting his arm to throw the next stone. Before he could even react Selissa seized him and threw him into the people standing behind him. 
The crowd immediately went quiet. Everyone was staring at her, obviously frightened by the violent look on her face. 
“You should all be ashamed of yourselves!” She yelled, and a few of the nearest people shrunk back. “On what grounds do you attack this poor girl?” 
A few gained back their courage at her accusation. A man stepped forward, disgust evident in his face. 
“She got the mark of the demons!” He shouted, more people getting incited by his statement. “We don’t want scum like that in our town!” 
“Demons? Look at her! Does she really look like someone who would harm anyone?” Selissa shouted, gesturing to the small girl behind her. She couldn’t be much more than twelve or thirteen years old, and as she cowered on the ground she looked even younger. She shrunk back, trying to hide as much as possible behind the boy at her side. Selissa met the eyes of the man who had stood forward. By the sight of her eyes, the man quickly started to fidget, unnerved by the strangeness of their silvery color. 
“The only scum in this town are you! Cowards like you who only attack people weaker than yourself make me sick.” She said, willing anyone to oppose her. The people started to whisper among themselves, many with ashamed looks on their faces. Others just cast disdainful looks at them, before turning to leave. 
Soon the crowd dissolved, and the only ones left were the three of them. Selissa kneeled by the girl and put a hand on her shoulder. 
“Are you okay?” She asked quietly, careful not to frighten her further. The red-haired girl looked at her with wide eyes, obviously not used to people being kind to her. 
“Y-yes.” She stammered, lowering her eyes when she realized she had been staring. The boy shot her a grateful look. 
“Thank you.” He said. “Not many would have stood up for her like that.”
“Unfortunately the world is mostly populated by lowlifes like them.” Selissa answered. She rose from her kneeling position and offered the younger boy a hand. He took it with a thankful smile, before helping up the girl. The girl, still frightened, kept hiding behind him.
“You live at the temple, don’t you?” The boy asked. “I think I saw you yesterday.”
“I do. My name is Selissa.” She answered, smiling at the boy. As she met his eyes, she saw him stiffen in surprise. That was a normal reaction when people looked her in the eye, but the boy soon recovered and returned her smile. 
“I’m Nijel. This is my sister Nadia.” He offered his hand. Selissa accepted the hand shake, a little hesitantly. She figured he had to be from Ver’dohna. Sinarian people didn’t shake hands, instead preferring to greet people with a slight bow. 
“Pleased to meet you.” She said before dropping his hand. “If you don’t mind me asking, how did you end up in this situation?” 
Nijel looked a little embarrassed before answering. “Nadia and I simply went for a walk in town. I didn’t think it would be a problem, since she had her hood on, but this vendor bumped into her, so it fell down. It went downhill from there…”
The young girl, that Selissa now knew was called Nadia, bowed her head. 
“It’s all my fault. I’m sorry.” She said in a meek voice. 
Nijel opened his mouth to protest, but Selissa beat him to it. “Sorry? Sorry for what? That some people decided for themselves that you were worth less than them and gave you that mark?” Nadia looked up and Selissa met her eyes. “You’re only worth less when you start to think that you are. Don’t let those people get to you.”
Surprise was evident in the girl’s eyes. She clearly wasn’t used to people other than her brother accepting her and standing up for her. Selissa’s thoughts went to Calen. She knew how that felt. Everyone but Calen had always kept their distance to her, too. But even if they avoided her, at least they didn’t try to chase her away. 
Very aware of the hostile looks the passing people were shooting their way, Selissa smiled at Nadia. 
“I have to go pick up some robes at the tailor. Want to join me?” She asked, extending her hand to Nadia. Nadia looked warily at her hand, half surprised, half frightened. She shot a look at Nijel, who smiled and nodded at her.
Nadia slowly accepted Selissa’s hand, and the three of them went on their way, doing their best to ignore the stares of the crowd. 

5
After returning to the temple, Nijel and Nadia had gone to their room, and Selissa had gone to look for Calen. With her arms full of clothes, she went through the temple grounds. 
As she went up the stairs to the east quarters, she heard a voice to her left. 
“So the brave warrior girl is running errands now?” A low voice asked. Selissa felt an annoyed tick in her jaw as she turned to the speaker. 
Alassane stood learned up against the wall a few feet from her, a lit cigarette hanging from his lips. 
The strange feeling she always got when he was around washed over her, but this time it was overpowered by annoyance. Had he nothing better to do than bother her?
“Why don’t you just go somewhere else? To Hell, perhaps?” She said, a pleasant smile plastered to her face, standing in sharp contrast to her harsh words. 
He mumbled something she could have sworn sounded like “Been there.” She figured she had imagined it, as he looked at her with that damn smirk. He took the cigarette from his lips and exhaled slowly.
“Who are you trying to fool with that fake smile of yours?” He asked amused.
The fake smile widened. “You, obviously.” She answered.
Her reply caught him off guard, and she took the chance to slip past him. She sighed in relief when he didn’t follow her. She had no idea what the guy’s problem was. He had only been there for a few days and he was already getting on her nerves. 
Forcing her skinny tormentor from her mind, she continued on her mission to locate Calen. For the first time Selissa cursed the size of the temple. Normally she found it great, as it prevented others from easily finding her. The problem was that it also prevented her from finding others. 
She rounded a corner and had apparently not noticed the sound of footsteps, because she collided head-on with someone who was hurrying in the opposite direction.
She staggered backwards a few steps, dropping the robes in her arms in the process. As she regained her balance, her eyes located the cause of the collision. 
A brown-haired boy, probably a few years younger than her, sat on the floor where he had fallen. He was rubbing his head where he had bumped into her. 
He seemed to realize that he had actually bumped into someone else and jumped to his feet. “I’m so sorry! Are you all right?” He asked, obviously mortified by his actions. 
“Yes, don’t worry. I guess I wasn’t watching where I was going.” Selissa answered, trying to ease the boy’s anxiety. Getting a better look at his face, she guessed he had to be one of the new apprentices. She had never seen him before, and he was too old to be one of the children attending classes there. 
She bent down to pick up the clothes strewn across the floor. The boy started to mumble apologies again, as he bent down to help her. 
“I really am sorry. I should have been paying more attention.” He said as he picked up most of the robes. “There’s a lot here, you shouldn’t be carrying this much. Let me help you.” 
Selissa smiled at his eagerness to make up for running into her. She picked up the last of the clothes, before motioning for him to follow her. 
“Thank you for the help. It is quite a lot to carry alone.” She had no problem carrying it all, but decided not to mention that. He would probably feel better if he felt like he was helping out. 
They walked on, Selissa navigating them through the corridors to where she hoped Calen would be. The boy stared in wonder as they passed by the different gardens and halls of the sanctuary. 
“How do you find your way around here? It’s huge. I have been getting lost all day.” He said, looking like he was trying to make a mental map of the hallways they crossed. 
“You get used to it.” Selissa said, finally spotting Calen talking to one of the lower ranking priests. He looked up and smiled as he saw her approaching. 
“There you are. I was wondering where you had gone.” He said teasing. 
“I’m sorry, Calen, I had to break up an angry crowd on the way.” She said as she handed him the robes. A questioning look crossed Calen’s face, but Selissa didn’t offer any further explanation. Instead she turned to the boy. 
“Thank you. You were a great help.” She said smiling. The boy, obviously pleased by being of help to someone, leaned forward in a bow, before turning to leave. 
Selissa considered staying to talk to Calen, but she knew he had a lot to take care of. The priests were always busy when the new apprentices arrived. 
She waved goodbye to him and turned to leave herself. As she turned her head, she saw Nadia standing close by, staring at them with wide eyes and a horrified look on her face.
Selissa walked towards her slowly and kneeled next to her. “What’s wrong, Nadia?” She asked softly, careful not to startle her. 
“That boy…” Nadia whispered, looking past her. Selissa followed her eyes and saw that she was looking towards the place where the young apprentice had just disappeared. 
“Yes, what about him? Is there something wrong with him?” She asked the girl, who was shaking by now. 
“H-he’s… He’s going to die.”

6
The next day Selissa sat in the secluded garden, thinking about Nadia’s words.
“He’s going to die.” What did she mean by that? There was nothing wrong with the boy and absolutely no reason why he should get hurt. So why would she say that? 
She sighed. She had been wondering about it all day yesterday, but hadn’t reached a conclusion. Not one that made sense anyway. 
“Willing to share your thoughts?” A by now familiar low voice asked. “Or are they not worth my time?”
Selissa’s eyes narrowed as she looked up at Alassane. He was standing there watching her, the ever present cigarette in his hand. She could almost feel the arrogance emitting from him.
“You again? Are you stalking me?” She sneered. 
Alassane let out a huff of smoke. “Don’t flatter yourself, woman.”
Selissa exhaled deeply, trying to keep her anger in check. It seemed like his very presence managed to send her into a temper tantrum. She rose from her seated position and strode past him, doing her best to ignore him. 
Just as she thought he had gotten the hint, she heard him falling into steps with her, a few feet behind.
“My, my, you really aren’t good at taking criticism, are you?” She heard him say. 
“Leave. Me. Alone.” She said slowly, as if talking to a challenged kid. Which she was starting to suspect he might be. 
“Such a temper. You’re really an unpleasant person to talk to.” He said.
“Then stop following me!” Selissa nearly screamed. There really was no getting through to this walking stick. His skull had to be the thickest part of him. 
“Hasn’t anyone ever told you that a woman should act more like a lady?” He asked smirking. What she wouldn’t do to wipe that smirk off his face… She felt the last of her patience snap. 
“Now you listen to me, you arrogant, sexist, narrow-minded—“ Selissa’s tirade was interrupted by a high-pitched scream. She abruptly stopped speaking and turned to where the sound was coming from. It didn’t take long before she realized it was coming from the ceremony hall. 
She cast a shocked look at Alassane, before setting into a sprint.
She reached the hall in record time, Alassane hot on her heels. The screaming had faded into a loud sobbing by the time they entered.
In the middle of the large room, a girl lay on her knees in front of the statue of the archangel Issara. Selissa recognized her as one of the few female apprentices in the temple. 
She continued sobbing, completely oblivious to their presence. Selissa tried to see what had caused the girl’s despair, but her view was blocked by her hunched form. She stepped closer to get a better look, careful not to startle her. She stepped around her and had to fight off nausea at the sight that met her. 
It was gruesome. A body was lying at the statue’s feet. It took her a second to recognize it as the boy who had helped her yesterday. The boy Nadia had said was going to die…
It was an eerie sight. Empty, lifeless eyes were staring blindly into the air, no longer seeing anything. His body was mutilated so terribly that she almost couldn’t recognize him. It looked like every bone in his body had been broken, his limbs spread out in unnatural angles. Half of his face had been ripped to shreds, like some animal had tried to tear it apart.  
But the most terrifying thing was the gaping hole in his chest. She could see the broken ribs sticking out, covered by bloody flesh. Selissa felt a violent urge to throw up when she realized that his heart had been ripped out. 
She had to avert her eyes and bowed her head to look at the floor. That’s when she noticed it. She hadn’t seen it before, because her eyes had been drawn to the bloodied body. 
A symbol was drawn on the floor. In blood. 
It was crudely drawn, blood splattered everywhere, but Selissa recognized it immediately. How she recognized it she didn’t know, but she knew she had seen it before. It was a demonic mark. The mark of the demon lord Azarial. 
A sudden pain shot through her back. She bent over and gasped in shock from the pain. 
It felt like the mark on her back was burning. Like it was reacting to the bloody mark on the floor. 
‘It has begun.’ A low whisper sounded. Selissa stiffened in shock. 
A lot of people had been attracted by the screaming, but the voice didn’t belong to any of the newcomers. It was more like she felt it rather than actually heard it. Like a presence in the back of her head. 
The burn in her back had faded into weak heat, but she was still acutely aware of it. 
‘It’s a warning.’ The voice sounded again before going quiet. 
“—issa. Selissa!” Selissa looked up, startled, as she realized someone was shouting her name. This voice was far more familiar and far more real to her. Calen was looking at her, concern clear in his eyes.  
“Are you okay?” He asked worried. She nodded, absentmindedly noticing that the hysterical girl was being led away, while some of the priests examined the body.
She felt the presence in her head fading away together with the warmth in her back. “What is this?” She whispered, when she finally found her voice. Calen simply looked at her, a lost expression on his face, but Alassane caught her eyes and held them. 
“They have started to move. This is only the first step…”

7
They both froze at his words. 
Selissa stared at Alassane. “What? What are you talking about?!” She asked, her voice rising in frustration. Alassane pretended not to hear her. 
“They have waited a long time. Something must have changed… Or maybe they simply ran out of patience…” He said these words as if talking to himself. 
“Who are ‘they’? How do you know about this? Who are you?” Selissa wasn’t sure which question to ask first. There seemed to be a million. She could feel herself getting more and more frustrated. She didn’t understand a thing of what was going on and the smell of blood was making her lightheaded. Focus, She told herself firmly. She felt a hand on her shoulder and looked up to see Calen looking intently at Alassane. 
“I think you have some explaining to do.” He said. Selissa had never seen Calen look so serious before. There was no trace of the smile that usually graced his face, and the look in his eyes was hard. 
Alassane returned Calen’s stare calmly for a moment. Finally he nodded his head slightly. “This is not the best place.” He said simply. Calen nodded and started walking towards the door, his hand still on Selissa’s shoulder, leading her along. Alassane followed without another word. 
ℓ
Ten minutes later Selissa found herself in the room that served as Calen’s study. She and Calen sat facing Alassane, who had chosen to stand leaning against the wall. 
Selissa felt a mist clouding her head. The entire situation was so surreal, and she had trouble making sense of the chaotic thoughts in her head. She could still smell the stench of blood, despite leaving the body behind. Every time she closed her eyes, she would see the gaping hole where a human heart had been ripped out. She clenched her fists against her knees, trying to force the image from her mind.  
Calen placed a hand over her closed fist gently. She sent him a weak smile, trying to reassure him when he looked at her worriedly. He squeezed her hand, before turning his attention back to Alassane. She could feel how tense he was as he sat waiting for him to speak. She had never seen him like that. He nodded at Alassane as a signal for him to start his story. 
Alassane didn’t seem to be in any hurry though. He reached into his jacket pocket, pulled out a cigarette and lit it. He inhaled deeply, before blowing out the smoke. 
“That boy was killed by a group of people who call themselves the Demios.” He said slowly, contemplating what to tell them.
“The Demios?” Selissa asked. Somehow that sounded familiar, but she couldn’t remember where she had heard it.
“Yes. They’re a decades old clan, consisting of very dangerous people.” He said. 
“Dangerous? You don’t say… Is what was done to that boy the work of ‘dangerous’ people?” She asked sarcastically. Fear and shock was still lingering in her mind and she channeled it into anger. It was easier to deal with anger. 
Alassane was not fazed and merely held her eyes. “These people are far more dangerous than you can imagine. They are not only extremely powerful, but also worshippers of demons.” 
“Demon worshippers? If that is so, I see why they would leave the body like that. But why would it make them more dangerous than what we already have seen?” Calen said, always the voice of reason.
“If they were merely demon worshippers, I guess they wouldn’t be more of a threat. Humans are after all weak beings. But the members of the Demios are not simply humans.” Alassane answered, his voice becoming more serious.
“What do you mean?” Selissa asked, her curiosity winning out on her anger. 
“The Demios consists only of people who have been under the influence of demon magic. Like that red-haired friend of yours.” He said, looking at Selissa seriously.
“Nadia? But… Why?” She asked confused. 
“The people who received the Mark of the Cursed are all born with a special ability. All of these abilities are unique from each other. Some have abilities that make them extremely dangerous in combat, others have abilities that give them knowledge no others have access to. The thing they have in common is that they are far superior to other humans.”
Calen closed his eyes, deep in thought. “So you’re saying that this was done by a group of fanatics with demonic abilities?” He opened his eyes and looked at Alassane seriously. “But why? Why that boy?”
“The boy probably had nothing to do with this. He was merely the sacrifice they used to give their warning.” Alassane answered.
Warning… That was the word the mystical voice had used too. Selissa bit her lip, wondering if she should mention what she had heard earlier. She decided not to. She reasoned that she had just imagined it because of the shock. Besides, she didn’t need them to think she was going crazy. Enough people thought that already. 
“Warning? What kind of warning?” She asked out loud. 
“A warning that they have started to move again. And that they will try to complete the ritual that failed years ago.” Alassane answered, taking a drag of his cigarette, casual despite the words leaving his mouth. His eyes never left Selissa.
“Ritual? What ritual? And how do you know all this?” She asked, making eye-contact with Alassane. She tried to find out what he hid behind those dark eyes of his, but there was nothing there. They were as calm and emotionless as the sky before a storm. 
“A ritual they tried to complete several years ago, but their attempt was foiled. What the purpose of the ritual was, I can’t tell you, but I do know that it will have dire consequences if they are able to complete it. And now they’re trying again, to succeed where they failed.” Selissa frowned. He clearly knew more than he let on, but she didn’t stress it. “I was sent here to make sure that they won’t succeed.”
“Sent by whom? And why come here?” Calen asked. He looked like he had a hard time taking all of this in. She couldn’t really blame him.
“Who sent me isn’t important.” Alassane said, sighing. “That is important is that they’re after you.” He said, looking straight at her. 
She stiffened. “Me? Why me?” 
“I don’t know.” She knew he was lying through his teeth. He was hiding something. “But they are after you. That means that you’re either of use to them, or a threat to them. Either way it means that you will be able to help stop them.”
Everything was spinning before her eyes. Selissa put her head in her hands, dizzy from all of this information. Some kind of demon cult had killed that poor boy? They wanted to do some ritual… And they wanted her? None of that made sense to her. She was not important. Why would any of this have anything to do with her? Alassane had to be mistaken…
But deep inside, she knew he wasn’t. She had felt it when she saw the symbol on the floor. She had recognized it and knew that it meant. That could not be a coincidence…
She felt the weight of Alassane’s stare on her. What did he expect her to do? Jump in like some kind of hero and save them all? She had no idea what they wanted her for. How could she ever help stop them?
She felt like she was suffocating. Her head spun, and she couldn’t bring herself to focus. She had to get out of there. 
“This is insane… You’re insane.” She said to Alassane. Casting one last look at him, she turned around and stormed out of the room. She faintly heard Calen calling her name, but the only thing she could think about was getting out of there and away from Alassane. 

8
Selissa wasn’t aware of how long she had been lying there staring at the ceiling. She had tried to sleep, but every time she closed her eyes the image of the poor boy lying maimed on the floor appeared in her mind. 
These Demios… To literally rip a boy apart just to send a message… What kind of ruthless, disturbed people would actually do that?
“That is important is that they are after you.” Alassane’s voice sounded in her head. She closed her eyes, trying to force the memories of yesterday’s conversation from her head. When it didn’t work, she slowly opened them again. Sick of watching the ceiling, she turned to her side. 
The view that greeted her was a pair of distressed, silver eyes staring back at her from the mirror on the other side of the room. She noticed how awful she looked. Her usually clear eyes were red rimmed from lack of sleep, and her face was pale as death. She was used to not getting a lot of sleep, waking up in the middle of the night from another terrifying nightmare, but it had been a long time since she had looked like that.  
She swung her legs over the side of her bed. She had been wondering about something, something other than Alassane’s words, and since she didn’t get anywhere with thinking about her conversation with him, she could at least do something about the other. 
She splashed some water in her face in hope of getting some color back into her cheeks, before heading out to find her target.
She found her in the far eastern corner of the temple, her brother by her side.  As she approached them, she could see that Nadia had been crying. Selissa guessed that the news about yesterday had already spread through the sanctuary. 
She came to a stop next to the siblings. 
“How did you know?” She asked quietly. Nadia looked up at her with wide eyes, her face covered in dried tears. Nijel looked like he had feared this moment. 
“How did you know that boy was going to die?” Selissa asked again when Nadia didn’t say anything. 
“I…” She started, before hesitating. She seemed to gather her courage before continuing. “I saw it.”
Selissa’s eyes widened. “Saw it? What do you mean?” Nadia hung her head, ashamed. 
“I can see… people before they’re going to die.” The girl answered, before going quiet. Nijel put his arm around her, before taking a deep breath. 
“Nadia has an… ability. She foresees when people she has met are about to die… That’s why she got the Mark.” He said, while meeting Selissa’s eyes. She realized that he was waiting for her judgment. Waiting for her to reject his sister, like everyone else had. 
“Do you…” She started, trying to get over the shock of their revelation. “Do you see them die?” Did she see who did it?
Nadia finally raised her head. The look in her eyes had changed to something Selissa couldn’t quite define. 
“No.” She said. “I only see their bodies, when they’re already dead…”
“I see…” Selissa said thoughtfully. So she didn’t see how it happened, or who had done it. She turned to look at Nadia, when she felt the girl’s stare.
“You’re not scared of me?” She asked in wonder. Selissa blinked in surprise.
“Why would I be scared of you?” She asked puzzled.
“Because people always are…” Nadia answered. Nijel looked at her with a sad look in his eyes.
“There’s nothing most people fear more than their own death. No one wants to be around someone who can tell them when they will die.” He said. 
Selissa couldn’t help but pity her. Not only was she forced to know when the people she knew were going to die, she also had to endure people being afraid of her because of it. 
“I’m sorry.” She said. “And I’m not afraid of you.” It was the truth. She couldn’t say that the idea that this girl could tell her when she was going to die didn’t make her uneasy, but she was not afraid. She was going to die, no matter if she was told beforehand or not. 
Both Nadia and Nijel stared at her in wonder, Nadia shocked, while Nijel sent her a thankful smile. “You’re a very good person.” He said. Selissa frowned. 
“No, I’m not. But I have no right to judge others.” She didn’t even know who she was. Who was she to say she was better than anyone else?
A strange feeling of being watched washed over her. She cast a look over her shoulder and saw Alassane standing there watching them silently. 
She didn’t want to see him right now. But deep inside, she knew she had no choice. 
“Take care.” She muttered and patted Nadia on the head. She turned away and began walking towards the last person she wanted to talk to.  
As she came closer, the smell of smoke assaulted her. She crinkled her nose in disgust. The man’s lungs had to look like coal by now. 
“Strange company you keep.” He said when she came to a stop before him.
“With all the time I’m spending around you lately, I’m inclined to agree.” She retorted. 
A disdainful snort was the only response she got. 
“So what do you want?” She asked. “I guess you didn’t come here to tell me you don’t approve of the people I choose to be around.”
“I was serious, you know.” He said
“What?” Selissa asked confused.
“About you being able to help stop them.” He said. The usual arrogant tone was gone from his voice, and he looked at her seriously. 
“And I was being serious about you being insane.” She huffed. “I don’t know anything about all this madness, and even if I did, I’m nothing special. Why would I be of any help?”
“If you were nothing special, they wouldn’t be targeting you. Either they need you, or you’re a threat to them. Either way, it’s important for them to get to you. And it’s important to us that they don’t.”
“Us? Who are “us”? I don’t remember agreeing to any of this!” She said. All of this was insane. “I’m not getting involved in this. You’re on your own.” She turned her back to him and started to walk away. She didn’t know where she was going, but she knew that it had to be away from him.
“Don’t you want to know what the symbol on your back means?” He said so quietly that she almost didn’t hear him. 
She froze in her tracks. The symbol? How did he…?
She slowly turned to face him. All the muscles in her body were tense, and she clenched and unclenched her hands repeatedly to calm herself. What did that symbol have to do with all of this?
“How do you know about that?” She asked slowly, eyeing him warily. 
“That is why they want you. They’re searching for the person who bears that mark.” He was watching her closely, waiting for her reaction. Selissa noticed that he had avoided answering her question.
“Why? How does that fit into all of this?” Alassane was silent for a short while, before answering her. 
“I can’t tell you…” He said quietly.
Selissa didn’t buy it. “You can’t or you won’t?”
Silence was the only answer she got. “That’s it, I’m done here. Goodbye.” She spun on her heels and started walking. Once again her exit was cut short. 
“So you intend to just wait for them to come after you?” Alassane asked. “You didn’t strike me as the type who waited for others to make the first move.”
Selissa bit back a spiteful reply and forced herself to walk away. 

9
Low voices were muttering everywhere. Over and over again, they kept on whispering. The room was dark, the only light emitting from a few torches along the walls. They cast long shadows over the cloaked figures residing inside. 
The chanting got louder, and even through the voices were still whispering, it sounded like thunder to her ears. She tried to figure out where she was, or what was happening, but all she saw was darkened faces hidden by hooded cloaks. 
As the voices rose, the searing pain in her back got stronger. A burning, like a thousand flaming knives stabbing her back. She tried to scream, but not a sound escaped her throat. 
By now the voices were like a roar in her head. The chanters slowly came closer and closer, forming a tight circle around her. She saw the light from the torches reflecting in something held in the nearest figure’s hands. A knife…
The cloaked man brought his arms above his head, the blade shining in the flickering light. The voices were almost shouting now, as the man quickly brought the knife down towards her chest…

Selissa startled awake, gasping for air. Cold sweat tickled down her back and her breathing was ragged. She could still feel the scream that was trying to force its way up her throat. She placed her head in her hands, trying to calm herself. 
That dream again… When was it going to leave her alone?
Slowly her breathing became more steady, and she was able to think clearly again. 
There had been something different about it this time… It had been so clear, so… real. And this was the first time she had ever seen the knife… 
For so many years, it had been just a blur of inconsistent sounds and images. Why had it changed?
‘The seal was released.’ Selissa jumped at the voice that suddenly cut through her thoughts and looked around wildly for the source. 
‘Not there.’ The voice whispered. Selissa stilled. She felt her heart hammering in her chest, and this time it had nothing to do with the nightmare. 
It was the same voice that had appeared when they had found the boy’s body… 
She willed herself to stay calm. Who are you? She asked in her head. It didn’t seem like there was a need for her to speak out loud. She waited for an answer, but the voice had gone quiet. 
She resisted the urge to scream. What the hell was happening to her? In just a matter of days, she was getting involved in the work of demon worshippers, crazy men telling her she had the potential to stop them, her symbol burning and now she was hearing voices? When had her quiet and predictable life taken such a drastic turn?
She sat very still for a long time, forehead rested in her palm. When the voice continued to be quiet, she threw away the covers and rose from her bed. Casting a quick look in the mirror, she threw on some clothes and walked out the door. 
ℓ
“Compassionate Issara, guardian of this place, I ask for your guidance. Take my hand and lead me to the answer.” She recited, as she knelt before the statue of the angel. 
The ceremony hall had been cleaned, but an eerie feeling still surrounded it and the calm she usually felt in the presence of the archangel was absent. 
All that had happened… Alassane coming to the temple, the boy’s murder and the mystical voice… It was all connected somehow. And it all seemed to revolve around the mark on her back. And about her. But why?
For as long as she could remember she had lived the temple. And nothing special had ever happened… 
For as long as I can remember. She had no memory of the time before she had come here. She had been found outside the temple, her body covered with bloody wounds. Everyone had assumed that she had been attacked by thugs and left there. But she couldn’t remember any of it. 
Her amnesia… Could it have something to do with this? She asked herself that, but she couldn’t seem to find an answer. Everything was so confusing. The feeling of recognition she had felt when she first saw Alassane… Had she met him before?
And this Demios clan? What did they want with her?
A thousand questions were flying through her head. None of this made sense to her. 
They were coming for her. What would she do when that happened? 
Alassane’s taunting voice rang in her head “You didn’t strike me as the type that waited for others to make the first move.”
Selissa gritted her teeth. No. She wasn’t the type that waited for them to make the first move. If they were going to strike, she was going to strike first.

10
Selissa placed her swords in their sheaths and swung them onto her back. Her other belongings were sparse, and she had managed to fit them all in one bag. 
She had talked to Alassane earlier. He had merely nodded when she had told him that she was coming with him. He seemed to have expected her change of heart. 
She looked around the empty room. It had taken her less than ten minutes to pack everything she owned. The bed was made, and the only other things in the room were the big cabinet and the mirror on the opposite wall. It looked like no one had ever lived there.
She took the bag and swung it over her shoulder. They would be leaving soon. Again Selissa felt a sneaking doubt that she had no idea what she was getting herself into. She had only the words of a man she doubted was entirely sane, and her own feeling that if she wanted her questions answered, she would have to leave with him. 
Pushing her doubts aside, she strode out of the door. She refused to just sit and wait for those demon fanatics to come after her. The weight of the swords hanging from her back reassured her. Master Teren’thil had always told her that you should take advantage of making the first strike. To get your opponent unaware. 
If they thought they could just come for her, they were sadly mistaken. 
She was on the way towards the main gate, when she heard someone behind her. She looked over her shoulder and saw Calen standing there, watching her. 
“So you’re really leaving?” He asked quietly. Selissa felt her heart clench when she saw the look in his eyes. 
“I guess I am.” She said, as if she first now really realized that she would be leaving this place. She wouldn’t spend her days hiding from the priests or skipping Mass. And she wouldn’t see Calen everyday…
She turned completely, so she was facing him. 
“Are you sure this is what you want?” He asked as he stepped closer. A sad smile appeared on her face. That was Calen, always worrying about her. 
“No.” She said. “I’m not sure. But I know I have to do this.”
Calen sighed, seeing her resolution. He surprised her by pulling her into a hug. ”Just be careful. And remember, if you ever need my help, I’ll be there.”
Selissa felt tears well up in her eyes, and she returned the hug. 
They stood like that for what felt like an eternity, until she finally pulled away. She was blinking furiously to keep the tears from falling. She sent Calen a sad smile. 
“I’ll be okay. I can take care of myself.” She said. He returned her smile. 
“I know you can. But remember what you’re dealing with.” His face turned serious. “It was not ordinary humans who mangled that boy. To do something like that, they’re probably closer to the demons they worship. Don’t take them lightly.” 
“I won’t.” She promised. 
Ignoring the heavy feeling in her chest, she gave him one last hug before turning away. She was acutely aware of his eyes following her as she walked away. 
She fought back the tears that threatened to spill. Calen had always been her only friend and now she didn’t know when she would see him again. If she ever saw him again.
She soon reached the main gate and found Alassane waiting for her.  
She took a deep breath and braced herself for whatever sarcastic comment was going to come. 
She waited. Nothing.
Surprised, she looked up at him. No annoying smirk on his face either. He was looking at her, seriousness edged in his face. 
“You are aware of what it means if you walk out that gate, aren’t you?” He asked, his eyes boring into hers. Selissa nodded. She knew exactly what it meant.
When she walked out that gate, she said goodbye to her old life. She would say goodbye to the peaceful and protected life of the temple. She would risk her life for something she was not sure she believed in…
“It won’t be easy.” Alassane said.
“I know.” She answered simply. 
“You might not come out alive.” He continued.
“I know that.” She said.
“And still you want to go?” He said. Selissa realized what he was doing. He was giving her a last chance to turn back. After this there was no return. 
She took a steadying breath. “I need answers.” She said with determination. “And if this is the only chance I get to find them, I’ll take it.”
“Are you sure?” He asked her seriously. Last chance.
“I’m sure.” She confirmed. “You almost sound like you want me to stay. And here I thought you were so determined on getting my help.”
A smirk tugged at his lips. Suddenly he looked a lot more like the Alassane she had gotten to know. 
“I am. But I wanted to make sure you knew what you were walking into.” He said. He bowed down to retrieve his own bag from the ground.
“Are you ready?” He started walking, not waiting for her answer.
Selissa turned and shot one last look at the temple. The heavy feeling in her chest returned as she realized that this was the closest thing she had ever come to a home. 
Ignoring the melancholy that washed over her, she turned around and ran after Alassane. Resisting the urge to look back over her shoulder, she walked away from the only life she had ever known. 

Two Weeks Later
11	
Selissa’s patience was wearing thin. No wait… Scratch that. Her patience had been worn thin a long time ago and now only an extreme amount of self-control kept her from punching Alassane’s lights out. 
Two weeks had gone by since they had left the temple of Issara. And in two weeks he hadn’t stopped complaining. Complaining about everything.  If she thought he had been a pain before, it was nothing against spending every minute of the day with him.
At the moment he was grumbling about something concerning street vendors. But even if her life depended on it, she couldn’t say what his problem with them was. For the sake of what was left of her sanity, she had stopped listening a long time ago. 
Tuning him out, she turned her attention to her surroundings instead. This town looked just like the one before it. And the one before that one…
In the two weeks they had traveled together, they had come through several Sinarian towns. In the beginning she had been convinced that Alassane had a destination in mind, but now she was starting to have a sneaking suspicion that he didn’t know where they were going any more than she did. 
“—that has no use of… Are you even listening to me?” She heard him say. 
“Absolutely.” She reassured him absentmindedly. She had no idea what he had been talking about.
He huffed annoyed and muttered angrily to himself. Selissa thought she heard the words “insufferable woman”, but she couldn’t be sure. 
Out of the corner of her eye, she studied him for a moment. In the time they had spent together, she had learned a lot about him, both good and bad. 
Alassane was in every way a rather strange individual. She had learned that underneath the sarcastic attitude… Well, there was more sarcasm and more than a few annoying habits. But underneath all that, he was rather intelligent. He knew a lot about a wide range of subjects and seemed to be able to find a solution to most problems. 
On the other hand, when it came to social interaction, he had about as much common sense as a cactus. 
Selissa was not sure he intended to, but somehow he managed to insult almost every single person he came into contact with. She couldn’t count how many times she had had to interfere and apologize before they were thrown out of various taverns or shops. She winced as she remembered the butcher who had tried hunting them down with his large butcher knife swinging over his head. 
But annoying attitude and troublemaking aside, she found herself almost liking to travel with him. Not that she would ever admit that to anyone. 
“So…” She interrupted his angry mumbling. “Where are we going? We have been on the road for more than two weeks, and you still haven’t told me where we’re heading. “  
Alassane finally stopped talking. He seemed to consider her question before answering. 
“We’re supposed to go to Var’Nori.” He said slowly. Selissa looked at him in surprise.
“Var’Nori?” She asked. She had heard of the city before. It was a neutral city, lying on the border between Sinaria and Ver’Dohna. It was home to the most prestigious magical academy found in both countries, and she knew that a lot of famous mages and sorcerers lived there. Sinaria and Ver’Dohna had both fought for control of Var’Nori for years, but had never been able to get past the powerful, magical protection around the city. 
“The mages there study very powerful magic. Someone there might be able to help us find a way to subdue the Demios. And there is no doubt that the Demios are interested in the city. They might show up there.”
The Demios. Selissa shuddered as she remembered what they had done in the temple. If they went that far to give them a warning, how far would they go to obtain the power of Var’Nori’s mages?
“What do we do if we meet them?” She asked. Alassane sent her a long, serious look.
“We fight or we die.” He said simply. 
ℓ
“My sister and I need a room for the night.” Alassane told the innkeeper. “Two beds.”
Selissa didn’t bother to ask about the sister part. By now she had been his sister, his niece and his apprentice. She didn’t really understand the need for changing the story every time, but then again, she didn’t understand a lot of things Alassane did. 
The innkeeper handed Alassane the keys with an uneasy look at him and Selissa. She couldn’t really blame him. An abnormally thin man, who mostly resembled a living corpse, and a strange, silver-eyed girl did kind of stand out. 
An hour later Selissa lay in her bed, deep in thought. There was something she had been thinking about ever since her and Alassane’s conversation earlier.
“Alassane?” She said quietly into the dark room, hoping he was still awake.
There was silence for a moment. Then she heard him shift in his bed. “What is it?” He asked.
“I was thinking…” She started and resisted the urge to throw something at him when she heard him mumble something along the lines of “Don’t hurt yourself.”
 “I was wondering about something…” She said instead. “Have you ever met a member of the Demios?”
He was quiet for a long time, and for a moment Selissa thought he wasn’t going to answer her. Finally he spoke, this time in a low, serious voice.
“I have.” Was all he said. 
Selissa considered dropping it, but her curiosity won. “What are they like?”
This time he didn’t hesitate. “Ruthless.”
“I kind of figured.” She mumbled. She might not have met them face to face, but she had seen what they would do to an innocent boy. That was not an act of mercy. 
She heard Alassane sigh. “The Demios have devoted their entire lives to the demon world.” He elaborated. “Once upon a time they might have been like everyone else, except born with a demonic ability. They were probably just like that Marked girl at the temple.” 
Nadia, Selissa thought to herself. She had a hard time believing that Nadia could ever hurt anyone. 
“But being involved so closely with demonic magic has warped their minds. I doubt there’s much left of their human conscious.” He continued. “And their insanity is clear for everyone to see.”
She had nothing to say to that. She wanted to ask how he had come into contact with the Demios to start with, but she knew she would get no answer. Silence fell over the room.
She didn’t get any sleep that night.

12
They arrived at Var’Nori at midday three days later. 
Selissa marveled as she saw the walls of the mage city rise before them. The pure white stonewalls seemed to shine in the sunlight and it made them look like nothing more than an illusion.
They rose so far into the air that they completely blocked the city from view and made it appear like a fortress. 
As they came closer to the city gates she felt the powerful presence of strong magic. The entire area was surrounded by it, and it almost overwhelmed her. She looked at Alassane out of the corner of her eye, but he seemed unaffected. 
The city gates came into view. The first thing Selissa noticed was the guards. In all the cities they had passed through, the guards had been clad in light armor and had had weapons by their side. 
The Var’Nori guards looked nothing like those men. The men by the gates were dressed in heavy, pristine white robes. The cloth was embroidered with intricate silver patterns. The guards themselves were unarmed and stood up straight, barely moving. 
So even the guards are mages, Selissa thought. She began to understand why no one had ever managed to invade this city. 
The guards turned to her and Alassane as they approached.
“Reason for visiting Var’Nori?” One of them asked in a solemn voice. Selissa couldn’t help but roll her eyes. Damn mages and their conceited behavior. 
“We’re seeking counsel with one of your higher-ranked mages.” Alassane said, while bowing his head to the guard.
What’s with that polite attitude? Selissa thought. Who is this guy and that did he do to Alassane? Alassane ignored her weird looks and continued to focus on the guard. 
“We will have to inspect you before you can enter.” The guard said, before nodding to his companion.
Conceited Guard Number Two stepped forward and raised his hand towards Selissa. A soft blue glow appeared around the hand. 
Selissa cautiously took a step back. “What are you doing?” She asked warily. 
“I’m checking for negative magical influence.” Number Two said simply. He stepped closer to her and led his hand to her head. She stood rigid, watching him suspiciously. He traced his hand down in front of her, hovering a few inches away from her body. 
For a moment she thought nothing was going to happen, when suddenly the glow changed from blue to a bright white. 
Both the guards stiffened and stared in shock. 
“How can this be?” The first one whispered to the other, sounding stunned. She couldn’t hear the other’s reply, because he lowered his voice. The two mages started a hushed conversation, obviously upset about something. 
Selissa looked from one to the other, before turning to look at Alassane. “Was it something I did?” She asked flatly. Alassane just sighed and shook his head. 
Meanwhile, the mages’ conversation was getting heated. They were clearly having an argument about something. 
Finally Selissa’s patience ran out. “So, are you guys going to tell us what this is all about or should we just expect to be standing here all day?” She asked. The mages looked at her like she had grown a second head. Just to be sure she felt around her neck. No extra body parts sticking out. Good. 
“What is going on here?” A melodious voice asked. Selissa turned around and was met with the sight of the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. 
The woman approached them slowly, looking more like she was floating than walking. She was dressed in lavish blue and white robes clearly showing that she was higher ranked than the guarding mages. She had beautiful long, blonde hair and striking blue eyes, making her look like the paintings she had seen of angels. 
Selissa could only stare in awe. Not only was the woman that beautiful, but everything about her screamed powerful. She was obviously not an average mage.
The guards immediately straightened when they saw her. 
“Archmage!  We’re sorry for disturbing you, but we have a rather uncommon occurrence… I’m not sure exactly what happened, something might have gone wrong with the spell or maybe…” The guard started blabbering, clearly nervous about not being able to give an explanation to the archmage. 
“What happened?” The woman cut him off. The guard immediately shut up and looked embarrassed. 
“When I checked this woman for magical influence, the spell told me that she possesses divine magic.” He said. Selissa didn’t understand a word of it. What did he mean by divine magic?
The beautiful woman’s eyes widened in surprise. “Divine magic?” She asked shocked. The guard merely nodded.
“Anyone mind telling me what’s going on?” Selissa asked impatiently. She was not really fond of anyone talking about her like she wasn’t there. 
The other woman turned to her. Piercing blue eyes watched her carefully. “What is your name?” She asked her, voice chiming like bells. 
Selissa was caught off guard at being addressed by the archmage, and it took her a few seconds to answer. “Selissa, my lady.” She answered, placing her hand over her heart and bowing slightly. The other woman smiled at her. 
“I’m Serendia, one of Var’Nori’s three archmages. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” She said. Her smile was dazzling. How could one person be so beautiful?
Serendia turned to the guards. “I will take care of this.” She turned back to Selissa. “Please follow me.” She said. 
Selissa hesitated. “What about him?” She gestured to Alassane, who surprisingly had kept quiet through the whole episode. 
“Your companion may come with us.” Serendia said, nodding at Alassane in acknowledgement. Alassane returned the gesture, all the while watching her warily. 
Serendia turned to leave and motioned for them to follow her. Shooting a look at Alassane, who seemed unusually tense, Selissa hesitantly followed her.
The archmage strode purposely through the city, radiating a grace that was far beyond human. Selissa felt like a bumbling fool next to her. Alassane, however, didn’t seem to be at all impressed by the mage. The tenseness never left his shoulders, and his mouth was set in a grim line. 
She wanted to ask him if he knew what all this meant, but decided against it. She would wait until they were alone. Instead she decided to seek some answers elsewhere.
“Could you please tell me what is going on?” She asked Serendia. The mage cast a look at her over her shoulder.
“I am not quite sure myself. This is very unusual…” She said thoughtfully. 
“What is unusual?” Selissa asked. She was getting annoyed with all these vague answers. She had never liked mages, and her opinion of them was not getting any better.
Serendia held her eyes for a long moment, a thoughtful expression on her face. “I will explain the best I can when we arrive.” She said. Selissa accepted the fact that she wouldn’t be getting any answers at the moment. 
The rest of the trip was spent in silence. 

13
Serendia’s destination turned out to be a marvelous building in the middle of the city. Like the rest of the buildings in Var’Nori, it was built in white stone and looked like a blend between a castle and a temple. Huge spires towered above them and Selissa had to crane her neck to see the top. 
Before the entrance, a huge stairway ascended towards enormous, gate-like doors. Before it, a statue of the archangel Maiya, the protector of magic, was placed. It towered above them, watching them like an unmoving guardian.  
Serendia walked up the stairs which led to the main entrance. “This is where the council of the high-ranked mages in Var’Nori resides.” She explained as they ascended the stairs. 
The entrance was guarded by two mages wearing the same robes as the guards at the city gates. They bowed as Serendia passed them and nodded at Selissa and Alassane. 
The interior of the building was no less impressive than the outside, but Selissa had no time to study it. Serendia didn’t slow down and walked with determination through the labyrinth of hallways. 
Finally she stopped at a door and led them inside. They entered a lavishly furnished room, filled with endless amounts of books and scrolls. She motioned for them to sit down on a couch in the middle of the room. 
“If you will excuse me, I will have to see for myself that the guards really were right.” She said, while watching Selissa. Selissa was anxious to get some answers to what she was talking about, but reluctantly nodded her consent. 
Serendia lifted her hand and the same soft blue glow surrounded them, as it had the guard’s hand earlier.  She led it towards Selissa and let it hover over her skin. Soon the blue faded into a brilliant light.  The archmage’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“How can this be?” She whispered to herself. 
“How can what be?” Selissa snapped. This was starting to get on her nerves. 
The mage retracted her hands and stared at Selissa, as if she was a strange creature she had never seen before. Selissa shifted uncomfortably under her stare, unnerved by the intensity. Finally Serendia decided to answer her. 
“This spell is designed to track magic. Blue is normal, non-harmful magic. If it turns red however, it senses demon magic. For it to turn completely white should not be possible…” She said.
“Why shouldn’t it be possible?” Selissa asked. 
Serendia looked at her seriously. “Because white is divine magic. Only celestial beings possess such magic.”
Selissa stared at her stunned. ”Celestial beings? Like angels?” She asked in disbelief. Was she serious?
“Yes.” Serendia answered, apparently not understanding much more than Selissa did. “Only something like an angel would cause such a reaction. I have never seen anything like this.”
In her mind, Selissa saw the statue of Issara. She remembered all the stories she had heard about the archangels. Such powerful beings were so far above her. How could she possible possess such magic?
She looked at Alassane, who still hadn’t said a word. He was staring into the air, deep in thought. 
“It is possible for humans to be influenced by divine magic. Sometimes the angels wish to protect certain humans and give them their protection. But the spell wouldn’t have reacted so strongly had you only had a spell cast on you. It was far stronger than that.” Serendia continued. A frown made creases in her perfect face.
Suddenly someone chuckled. “That girl is no angel, that’s for sure.” A sarcastic voice sounded. Alassane had finally broken free of his trance and was watching them calmly. 
And he’s back… Selissa thought, while rolling her eyes. She shouldn’t have worried about him. 
Serendia frowned at him. “If she’s not an angel, why would she possess such powerful magic?” She asked him. Alassane met her eyes, disinterest on his face. 
“You’re the mage. You tell me.” He said. 
Selissa resisted the urge to kick him. Insulting random innkeepers and vendors was one thing. She was not sure it was a good idea to insult an archmage. 
The only sign that Serendia had been offended, however, was a small twitch of her lips. She ignored Alassane and instead turned back to Selissa.
“I will do my best to get to the bottom of this. I ask you to stay in the city for now.” She said. 
Selissa and Alassane exchanged looks, but didn’t object.
ℓ
“When did my life stop making sense at all?” Selissa asked as she and Alassane made their way through the streets of Var’Nori. They had just left Serendia and were now walking around aimlessly. 
“It will only get worse.” Alassane said. “Trust me.”
She huffed. ”My, thank you for cheering me up!” She said. Even if it wasn’t technically Alassane’s fault, it still helped taking it out on him when she was annoyed. 
He made an irritated sound, before opening his mouth to say what was without a doubt some scathing reply. “You really should—“ 
He was cut off by loud shouting nearby. They both stopped dead in their tracks and turned towards the uproar. 
People were flocking together and a woman was screaming. 
“Help! Somebody help him!” She cried. Selissa wasted no time running towards her, pushing people out of her way as she went. 
The woman who was shouting was lying on her knees, a man cradled in her arms. 
Selissa froze in shock when she saw the scene before her. Images of the murdered boy at the temple flashed through her mind.  The sight of this man reminded her eerily of that time. 
The ground was soiled with blood. Clothes hung off the man’s body where they had been ripped apart. Deep wounds covered every inch of visible skin and his arms and legs were hanging limply from his body. 
Selissa kneeled slowly next to the wailing woman and put her fingers to the man’s throat. His eyes were rolled back into his head and at first she was certain that he was already gone. But as she pressed her fingers to his throat, she felt a weak pulse. 
Ignoring the agitated whispering of the crowd, she looked around. 
“What are you all standing there for? Get a doctor!” She shouted. A young man jumped like a frightened squirrel when she looked at him, before scurrying down the street to locate a doctor. 
The other woman was now crying quietly, while clutching the man to her chest. Selissa gently placed a hand on her shoulder. 
“What happened?” She asked. The woman took a shaky breath and looked at her, tears falling down her face. 
“I don’t know!” She said. “I was just gone for a few minutes, when I heard him yell. Then I came back I found him like this!” The last of her calm disappeared as she said the words and she broke down crying again. 
A frown crossed Selissa’s face. How could no one have seen what happened? 
A few moments later, the young man from before returned with a doctor in tow. 
Selissa took one last look at the injured man, before slipping away silently. No one spared her a second glance, as she slowly walked away from the ruckus. 
Her eyes scanned the ground, until they found what they were looking for. She crouched down and let her fingers trace the blood stains on the earth. The dark red liquid stuck to her fingers and she crinkled her nose in disgust. 
She stood slowly and took a few tentative steps forward. There were several more blood stains, but they were becoming less and less frequent the further she walked. She came to a stop a couple of steps later when the stains disappeared.
She cast a look over her shoulder. The people were still occupied with the wounded man. No one was thinking about finding the one who had attacked him.
She made a quick decision. These blood stains were obviously left by whoever had attacked him. Which meant that the attacker had probably escaped into one of the side streets. 
She had just started to turn down the nearest alley, when she was reminded of something. She looked all around her, but there was no sign of Alassane.
She bit her lip indecisively. She knew he would disapprove of her going after some unknown assailant alone. Well, he would probably disapprove of going after him all together. After all, he didn’t believe in getting involved in something that didn’t concern him.
But she wasn’t Alassane. Dismissing the nagging voice in the back of her head that told her this was a bad idea, she ran down the street. 
Several other streets connected to that one, and Selissa had no idea where to go. Going by instinct she turned right, then left and then right again, until she had no idea where she was. 
She turned again and almost collided with a wall. Dead end. 
She sighed to herself. The attacker was probably long gone, while she was running around blindly. 
Disheartened she turned and started to walk away from the alley. 
‘He’s here…’ She heard someone whisper. She stiffened. That voice…
She hadn’t heard it since she left the temple. Why now? 
A chill went through her. She suddenly knew why. 
She turned around slowly, having a bad feeling she knew what she was going to see. 
“Looking for someone?”

14
Cold, dark eyes were watching her intently. The man watching her was crouching on the roof of one of the buildings and was dressed from head to toe in black clothes. Black clothes covered in blood.
Long, black hair was tied in a low ponytail and falling down his chest. And a black tattoo snaked its way across his face…
Demios. A feeling of dread spread through her body. The man was watching her calmly, appearing completely relaxed, but still he emitted a feeling of danger. Of death. She felt it surround her and it made her feel like she was choking. 
She swallowed hard, her eyes never leaving the Demios. The man cocked his head, strands of dark hair falling into his eyes. A smile graced his lips, standing in sharp contrast to his blood-covered appearance. 
“Something wrong, sweetheart?” He asked, smiling at her gently. 
Selissa took a cautious step back, all the while trying to swallow her panic. He was smiling. He was covered in the blood of a man he had practically slaughtered, and he was smiling. 
“Their insanity is clear for everyone to see”. Alassane’s words echoed in her mind. 
The man didn’t move, but his eyes continued to bore into her. 
A million things ran through her head. Could she run? Would he go after her if she did?
It wouldn’t help. He had attacked that man and had been gone before any one even noticed something was wrong. 
She needed time to think… If she could just stall him for a moment, maybe she could figure out how to get away.
Trying to keep her voice calm, she asked the first thing she could think off. 
“Why did you attack that man?” It was probably not the best thing to discuss with a raving psychopath, but she didn’t have any other ideas. 
He tilted his head, while he considered her question. “I needed to get your attention.” He said slowly, his eyes never leaving her face. 
So he really was after her. She had suspected as much, but getting it confirmed still made her feel like someone had just punched all the air out of her lungs. 
She felt sick. The dead boy at the temple, the man beaten to an inch of his life just a short distance away… Did they have no qualms about harming innocent people? Harming them just to get her attention.
Fear and rage were battling for dominance. Part of her wanted to run for her life, while another wanted to make him regret that he ever decided to go after her. 
She wanted answers. She wanted to know why. Why her?
“What do you want with me?” No matter how much she tried to keep her voice neutral, it came out as a snarl. 
The man’s smile widened and a low chuckle escaped his lips. “He didn’t tell you?” He asked, amusement evident in his voice. 
“Who? And tell me what?” Selissa’s frustration didn’t seem to affect him in the least. He threw his head back and laughed. It was a rich and joyful laugh, but it still sent chills down her spine. 
“So he really didn’t tell you?” He said, almost as if to himself. He placed his elbow on his leg and leaned his face against his knuckles, still watching her with a soft smile. 
“Well, that might actually make this easier.” He said. He rose slowly, before jumping gracefully off the roof. He landed on the ground in front of her and straightened to his full height. Only now Selissa noticed what an impressive figure he made. 
He was well over six feet tall and despite his slender build you could clearly see the muscles moving under his skin. The long, dark hair framed a handsome face. If it wasn’t because everything about him screamed madness, Selissa might even have called him beautiful. 
“What’s the matter with me? I haven’t even introduced myself yet.” He said, sounding quite disappointed with himself. “My name is Ardeth, member of the Demios. I’m pleased to make your acquaintance.” He bowed slightly to her, but kept his eyes on hers.  
She couldn’t breathe. Everything about this guy was simply wrong. And she knew her time was running out. 
Throwing caution to the wind, she made her decision. She leaped backwards and drew her swords. She kept her eyes on Ardeth as she slid into a defensive stance. He had not made a single aggressive notion and still she knew she had no choice but to fight. 
Ardeth closed his eyes and let out a deep sigh. “You know, you should just come along quietly. There really is no need for this.”  
Selissa scoffed. “You think I’m just going to come with you, like a good little girl?” She asked incredulously. He shrugged slightly. 
“I had hoped. It would be such a shame to mar such a pretty face.” He said and ran a hand through the loose strands of hair. 
Selissa didn’t wait for him to finish. She charged at him, the red hilt ribbons of her swords dancing behind her. 
Ardeth’s only reaction was to lift his head. She had already swung one of the swords, aiming for his throat, before he moved. 
With a speed far from humanly possible, he moved out of her way and her blade hit nothing but earth. 
Regaining her balance, she sent a kick flying towards him with all her strength. Her foot hit him square in the shoulder and with great satisfaction she heard bone break. As soon as her foot returned to the ground she spun out of his way. A broken shoulder would definitely put him at a disadvantage. Maybe Alassane had exaggerated when talking about the Demios’ fighting abilities…
She came to a halt as soon as she was out of his reach. Looking up, she saw to her surprise that Ardeth hadn’t moved at all. His shoulder seemed to have been dislocated when she broke the bone, but he didn’t even seem to notice. 
“Feisty, aren’t we?” He said, as a smile spread across his face. He slowly moved his shoulder back into its right position.
Selissa’s eyes widened when she heard a sickening crunching sound. Ardeth rolled his shoulder a few times, like it had never been broken. 
She was so bewildered that she barely managed to react, as he suddenly rushed forward. She threw herself backwards, just in time to avoid taking the full hit, but she felt something tear at her arm. She dropped one of her swords in shock and it made a loud clattering sound as it hit the ground. 
Stumbling back, she pressed her hand to her arm. The skin had been pierced and she felt warm blood running down her arm and through her fingers. Confusion flickered through her mind. How had he cut her, when he didn’t even have a weapon?
She looked up at her opponent and took a moment to study him. His palms were open and from the middle of each of them, something sharp and white protruded. Was that…?
She didn’t get to finish the thought, as he was already approaching again, arm raised to strike. Realizing that she didn’t have the time to dodge, she raised her remaining sword over her head to block the incoming strike. 
A sharp sound cut through the air as the object in his hand collided with the metal of the blade. 
The blow sent her stumbling back a few steps and her muscles strained under the pressure, but she stood her ground. 
With a swift motion, she thrust her sword up in the air, forcing him to jump back. Not giving him a chance to recover she sprinted towards him and swung her arm to strike. He raised his hand and parried easily. 
As he raised his hand, Selissa saw that the sharp object in his hand really was protruding from the middle of his palm. The skin was broken and small spatters of blood covered the edge. 
Selissa almost dropped her sword in shock when she realized what it was. His bones were sticking out from his hands. 
She staggered back, her eyes never leaving Ardeth’s hands. “What are you?” She asked horrified. 
Ardeth grinned and lifted his hand to show her the bone clearly. Selissa felt sick when she saw the bone slowly sink back into his palm. 
“Don’t you know? All of the Demios are quite gifted.” He continued grinning at her. “I was born with the ability to freely manipulate my bones.” 
Selissa’s eyes widened. He could manipulate his bones? Was that the kind of powers the Demios possessed?
She watched as he tilted his head and brought his hand to his shoulder. She heard the same sickening sound as before and slowly a bone started growing out from his shoulder. Selissa stood petrified as Ardeth grabbed his own bone and ripped it out of his shoulder. 
“En Garde, my lady.” He said playfully and held the bone out in front of him. The tip was sharpened and Selissa was quite sure it could easily penetrate her heart. What a sick joke, to use one’s own bones as a sword.
She took a deep breath and gripped her sword harder. She was quite sure this freak of nature was a lot stronger than she was, but she couldn’t let it faze her. With another deep breath she steeled herself and lunged at him. 

15
Fighting Ardeth was different from everything she had ever experienced. 
She swirled around him, letting strike after strike rain down on him, and he blocked them all effortlessly. 
With the ribbons dancing around her, forming angry red lines in the air, she continued to try to find an opening and was caught completely unaware when a kick in the stomach sent her flying through the air. 
Gasping for air, she scrambled to her feet just as Ardeth leaped forward to strike. She threw herself to the side, narrowly avoiding having her guts spilled on the ground. 
The evasion had her fighting for balance, and she didn’t have time to move as the back of the bone sword was slammed into her face. 
The impact sent her flying to the ground and she heard something crack as her back hit the unforgiving earth. Stars were dancing in front of her eyes, and she felt the metallic taste of blood fill her mouth. 
She heard the gravel shift as Ardeth slowly stepped closer. 
“I told you it would be better if you just came with me.” He said as he leaned down to look into her face. 
Her head throbbed horribly and she closed her eyes to keep out the light. 
“Open your eyes.” He said softly. She could feel his hot breath dancing over her face and she felt panic overwhelm her. She slowly opened her eyes to look at him.
“Better.” He said. “You have really beautiful eyes, you know.”
Her eyes widened in shock. He was calling her eyes beautiful? The strange, silvery eyes that made others scared of her. It was the first time anyone had ever complimented her on them. 
Selissa cursed silently at herself. What was she doing? She had a deranged murderer leaning over her, a murderer who was probably only seconds away from killing her, and she was flattered that he liked her eyes?
Mustering up her strength she sent a kick towards his legs, hoping to knock them out from under him.
Ardeth dashed her hopes as he grabbed her by the leg. She bit back a scream as he used his hold on her leg to throw her into the nearest wall. Her leg twisted painfully, and she didn’t have a chance to shield herself before she slammed into the wall. 
Pain washed over her as she slid to the ground, and she had to fight to keep from passing out. 
With the last of her strength she pushed herself off the ground and stood shakily. Her sight was blurry and she could barely breathe from the pain in her chest. 
There was no way she was beating this guy. She was up against a murderer with supernatural abilities and she could barely stand. The only way she was getting out of this was when they dragged her lifeless corpse away. 
So be it, She thought to herself. There was no way she was letting him get her alive. As she was now unarmed, she clenched her fists and ran forward, ignoring the searing pain that coursed through her body. 
Ardeth seemed to be taken back by the fact that she could still move, because she felt her fist connect with his jaw. His head snapped backwards, but her victory was short-lived. 
Ardeth quickly regained his composure and three claw-like bones shot out from his knuckles. 
Selissa cried out in pain as he swiped at her stomach. The claws tore through her shirt and made deep wounds in the flesh. 
Identical claws spawned from his other hand and strikes starting raining down on her from both sides. 
All attempts at protecting herself were in vain and soon she felt the last of her strength leaving her. Her body was so battered that she barely noticed the impact as she once again hit the ground. Everything was spinning in front of her eyes and the pain was so overwhelming that she couldn’t move. 
“How disappointing…” Ardeth drawled as he drew closer. “I had expected more of the great Cadeyrn.” She vaguely wondered what he was talking about, but it seemed insignificant right now. 
He stopped next to her broken body and watched her with a thoughtful expression on his face. 
“So I guess this is it then…” He let out a deep sigh, as if he was really disappointed that she didn’t put up more of a fight. 
Selissa forced herself not to close her eyes as he lifted his hand to make the final strike. She remembered reading something about looking death in the eyes, no matter which shape it came in. Even if death came in the shape of a terrifying, yet strikingly beautiful demon…
In a swift motion, he brought his arm down, sharpened bone in hand. Selissa braced herself for the strike that would kill her. 
But it never came…
A mere inch from her face, Ardeth froze. Then Selissa looked at his face she saw that his eyes were wide in shock and every muscle in his body was shaking from strain, as if something invisible was restraining him. 
“Let her go.” Someone said. Selissa blinked a few times. The pain must have gone to her head. She could have sworn that sounded like Alassane. 
The look of shock on Ardeth’s face was slowly replaced by a grin. He let out a low chuckle. 
“So the protector has arrived?” He said slowly. Whatever had been restraining him seemed to have disappeared, as he slowly straightened and turned to face the newcomer. 
“So this was the best they could send, huh?” He said. The look on this face reminded Selissa of a predator, ready to pounce. She turned her head in the direction he was looking, silently hissing in pain as her head ached. 
“You should be smart and leave now, demon spawn.” The other said. Selissa’s eyes widened. She wasn’t hallucinating. She could recognize that patronizing drawl anywhere.
Alassane slowly stepped closer and Ardeth huffed in amusement. She wanted to yell for him to run, but no sound came through her lips. 
She tried to move, but her body screamed in protest. 
“Don’t move.” She was surprised by Alassane’s gentle tone. She caught his eyes and saw the determination in there. And no matter how much she wanted to disobey his order, she couldn’t bring herself to do it. She kept still, watching him intently. 
She heard a by now familiar crunching noise and turned her head to watch the long bone blades slide out from Ardeth’s palms.
“As much as I would love to play, I’m only here for her.” He said and took a step forward. Alassane didn’t seem to be fazed in the least, because he merely shot him an annoyed stare. 
“She’s staying here.” He said simply. 
Ardeth didn’t bother with an answer. The grin widened and he charged towards Alassane. 
Selissa didn’t quite register what happened next. A flash of brilliant blue light forced her to clench her eyes shut and the next thing she knew, Ardeth collided with the ground several yards away. 
Ardeth recovered quickly though and rolled to his feet. For the first time he looked out of breath. The grin had disappeared and was replaced by an appraising look. 
Alassane didn’t seem to have moved at all, but his right hand was surrounded by bright, blue flames. 
Confusion flickered through Selissa’s already dazed mind. Alassane’s wasn’t a mage… And could mages even do that?
The flames around Alassane’s hand flared up and suddenly shot towards the spot where Ardeth was crouching. Ardeth managed to hurl himself away before he was hit by the blast. Where he had been only seconds earlier, a big crater now marred the ground. 
“Still want to play, demon spawn?” Alassane asked and held up his flaming hand. 
Ardeth seemed to consider that. “I guess we’ll have to save it for another time.” He said. The blades in his palms slid back in and were replaced by claws. He turned around and jumped up against the back wall of the alley. Ramming his claws into the wall, he dragged himself the rest of the way and landed gracefully on the roof. 
Looking over his shoulder he shot a smile at Selissa. “I’ll see you soon, princess.” And then he was gone. 

16
Her head was spinning and she knew she wouldn’t be able to keep conscious much longer. She was barely able to raise her head, when she felt Alassane kneel down next to her. 
“How did you do that?” She asked. Her voice sounded raw and she had to force out the words. Alassane shot her a quick look, but kept quiet as he started looking over her injuries. 
“You got your ass handed to you, stupid girl.” He said, but his sarcasm didn’t fool her this time. “You really should start thinking—“
“Answer me.” She interrupted. She wouldn’t let him get out of this one. She was sick and tired of everyone keeping her in the dark. 
Alassane sighed. “You almost got yourself killed.” He said. “What about worrying about that first?” 
Selissa wanted to scream and shout at him. She didn’t know why she was almost killed either. She knew nothing. She didn’t know who he was. She didn’t even know who she was. 
She opened her mouth to say something, but couldn’t remember what she was going to say. She couldn’t think. Everything was going black. 
She closed her eyes and welcomed unconsciousness. 
ℓ
She had been at the temple for two weeks. She hadn’t been able to leave her bed the entire time because of her wounds. 
She was scared. She didn’t remember anything. The priests were trying to get her to feel at home, but all the unfamiliar faces scared her. 
She had woken up to the sound of someone praying. When she opened her eyes she saw a boy kneeling by her bedside. He couldn’t be more than a few years older than her. He had blond hair and a gentle face, and his eyes were closed in concentration. 
He didn’t notice her watching him, merely kept praying for her recovery. 
“Merciful Arnath, please give her your blessings and heal her undeserved injuries…”

The praying continued, but this time it was not Calen’s voice. The light in the room was soft, but it still stung her eyes and made them water when she opened them. 
The melodious chanting stopped, and Selissa turned her head to see Serendia watching her with a relieved look on her face. 
“Where am I?” She whispered. She immediately regretted it. It still hurt to speak. 
“In my chambers. Your companion brought you to me after you fainted.” She said. Her soft voice was calming and Selissa felt herself relax. 
“…Alassane?” She asked. She hoped Serendia understood, because she didn’t seem to be able to speak in full sentences at the moment. 
“I sent him outside, so I could clean and dress your wounds.” She helped her sit upright, mindful of the hisses of pain that escaped her. 
Her clothes were nothing more than rags now, and she didn’t protest when Serendia ripped the remains of her shirt apart. 
Serendia picked up a wash cloth and was just about to clean the wounds on her back, when she stilled. Selissa looked at her confused, unsure of what had made her pause. It took a few seconds before she suddenly realized what the problem was.  
The black symbol showed clearly against the paleness of her skin. The black lines that snaked their way across her back were clear for her to see, and suddenly Selissa felt very naked. 
She closed her eyes and held her breath, while she waited for Serendia’s reaction. She didn’t know what she expected… Shock, repulsion or even fear… 
She stiffened in shock when she felt fingers slowly trace the symbol on her back. She turned her head slightly to see Serendia study her back intently, a look of fascination on her face. 
“The mark of Cadeyrn…” She whispered, wonder in her voice. 
Selissa jerked around, forgetting about her injuries. She doubled over in pain, clutching her ribs. 
“You know what it means?” She gasped, desperate to find out what she could tell her about the symbol she had carried on her back for as long as she could remember. 
Serendia looked stunned, as if she had just woken from a trance. 
“You don’t know?” She asked, surprise evident in her crystal blue eyes. Selissa forced herself to keep calm and answered.
“No… I don’t.” She said. Silver met blue as she held Serendia’s eyes. Serendia seemed to be taken back by the intensity, because she lowered her voice slightly.
“So you don’t remember how you got this?” She asked and traced her fingers slowly down the mark. 
“No. I don’t remember much.” She admitted. It felt weird saying it out loud. The only one she had ever discussed her loss of memory with was Calen. Even Alassane didn’t know. 
Serendia watched her thoughtfully. “This mark… I have only ever seen it in books. It isn’t used anymore…” She said. 
“Why?” Selissa asked. Why hadn’t she been able to find it anywhere?
Serendia hesitated slightly. “I’m afraid that is a longer story…” 
Selissa held her eyes and even the mighty archmage seemed unnerved by her silver stare. “Do I look like I’m going anywhere?” She asked.
The archmage sighed in defeat. “Let’s get you cleaned up first. Then I will tell you what I know.”
As much as Selissa longed for answers, she knew the other woman wouldn’t cave. Closing her eyes, she reluctantly let the mage clean her wounds. 

17
With her entire body covered in bandages, she followed Serendia to the room where Alassane was waiting for them. She felt very uncomfortable in the borrowed mage robes she was wearing, but tried not to let it show.
Alassane watched them silently as they entered.
“I’m no healer, but I did the best I could. I would suggest for her to rest as much as possible though…” Selissa noted with a bit of irritation that Serendia was addressing Alassane instead of her. Who did she think he was? Her keeper?
Serendia turned to look at her. “Please sit down. I will try to explain what I know about your mark.” 
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Alassane stiffen. “Her mark?” He said warily. Serendia nodded. 
“Yes… I never thought I would ever see it…” She said. 
Selissa plopped herself down on the couch next to Alassane. “What does it mean?” She asked impatiently. She had waited years for answers. She didn’t intend to wait much longer. 
Serendia sat down calmly on a chair opposite them. She didn’t seem fazed by Selissa’s impatience. 
“The mark on your back is the mark of the archangel Cadeyrn.” 
“Archangel?” Selissa said confused. “There’s no archangel named Cadeyrn…” 
“Are you sure about that?” Serendia said, some emotion Selissa couldn’t define shining in her crystal blue eyes. 
“Yes, I’m sure!” She said irritated. She grew up in a temple, for Shi’laran’s sake. “I know the names of all the seven archangels, and none of them goes by the name of Cadeyrn.” 
“That’s true.” Serendia said simply. “After all, Cadeyrn was the eighth archangel.” 
Selissa just stared at her in disbelief. “I didn’t sleep through ALL of the priests’ preaches. There are only seven archangels.” She deadpanned. 
“Now there are seven. Originally, they were eight.” Serendia said. Selissa opened her mouth to protest, but Serendia held up her hand to silence her. 
“This story I’m about to tell you has been forgotten by most, centuries ago. Only very few still know about what happened.” She could clearly see that Selissa wanted to interrupt, because she shot her a fixed look. Selissa sat back in her seat and reluctantly kept quiet as Serendia started her story.
She took a deep breath, before starting to speak. “Almost 600 years ago, a powerful demon plagued our world. His name was Azarial.” Selissa started at the name. Azarial… Why did that sound so familiar?
Images of a mark drawn in blood flashed through her mind. The symbol painted by the murdered boy’s body. She remembered recognizing it as the mark of Azarial. But how did she know this?
Her turbulent thoughts were cut short as Serendia continued. 
“Azarial brought terror everywhere he went and soon grew so powerful that he became an immense threat to humanity. To prevent him from destroying this world, the eight archangels decided to fight him.”
Selissa felt Alassane shift next to her, but ignored it. She leaned forward and watched Serendia intently.
“It came to a confrontation between Azarial and the angels.” Here Serendia paused, so Selissa took the chance to speak up. 
“What happened? Did the angels kill the demon?” Somehow she already knew it wouldn’t be that simple. 
“No…” Serendia said. “At that point, Azarial was far too powerful to still be mortal. When the angels realized that they couldn’t destroy him, they decided to seal him away.” 
“What does all this have to do with Cadeyrn?” Selissa asked confused. 
“Sealing away someone as powerful as Azarial takes an incredible amount of power.” The mage continued. “To power the seal, the angel Cadeyrn decided to sacrifice himself.” 
“So he died?” Selissa asked shocked. She had never heard about an angel dying, no less an archangel. 
“No one knows. He might have sealed himself away together with Azarial, or he might have died, when he gave up his powers.”
Selissa couldn’t think of anything to say. Alassane had been silent through the whole conversation, instead staring at the walls.
Serendia closed her eyes in thought. “No matter what, after that, Cadeyrn was never heard from again…”
ℓ
Selissa rested her head against her knees as she sat on her bed in her and Alassane’s inn room. For years she had been dying to know the meaning of that symbol, but now that she finally found out, she was left with more questions than answers.
“Why do I have the mark of an angel that disappeared 600 years ago?” She asked Alassane quietly as he exited the bathroom. He didn’t say anything as he walked to stand at the end of the bed. 
Selissa knew he was watching her, but didn’t bother raising her head. 
“That time, back at the temple… You knew about the mark, even though you never saw it.” She said softly. She knew Alassane kept many things from her, but it was an unspoken agreement that they didn’t speak about it. 
“You probably knew what it meant too.” She said. She didn’t really expect him to answer her. He rarely did when it came to things like that. 
No words passed for a while, but Selissa was content to sit in silence. 
A sigh sounded from the end of the bed. “Cadeyrn’s temple was abandoned centuries ago, but it still stands.” Alassane said quietly. Selissa lifted her head and looked at him in surprise. 
“It doesn’t seem like we will find anything here… We can go there next, if you like.” He continued. 
Selissa knew she should be mad. Mad at him for avoiding her question. Mad at him for keeping something like that from her. But watching him now, she couldn’t. 
For the first time, he offered to help her find out who she was. What all this meant. And she couldn’t refuse.
“Okay.” She said simply. “Let’s do that.”

18
Compared to their arrival, their departure from Var’Nori was surprisingly uneventful. 
They left without a word to anyone, even though Selissa noticed Serendia watching them from afar as they walked through the city gates.
The guards shot her nervous looks as she passed by them, and she wished she could say she was less confused than them.
It had been two days since Serendia had revealed the story of Cadeyrn and in two days her mind had been one big mess.
The mark on her back was the symbol for the archangel Cadeyrn… The mages had detected divine magic in her… And she was attacked by a demon worshipper that wanted her for some perverted reason… 
She knew all these things were connected. How could they not be?
It was like having all the side pieces of a puzzle. You could see that there was a picture to be seen, but you didn’t know what it looked like. And none of the middle pieces seemed to fit quite right…
For what must have been the thousandth time she tried to get some sense of what she knew. She didn’t remember anything from when she was a child. The mark on her back was an angel’s symbol and somehow she possessed divine magic. 
What was her connection to the angels? Had they for some reason bestowed their blessing upon her? Or a curse…? 
Selissa sighed. She figured that if it was any of those, it was probably the last one. 
She glanced at Alassane who walked silently by her side. He had barely said two words to her since he agreed to take her to Cadeyrn’s sanctuary. He had only told her when they were leaving and then he seemed to ignore her existence. 
She tried not to let it bother her. It wasn’t like they were friends… She had known from the start that he had his own agenda. That there were things he wasn’t telling her. And that he was probably only using her in the end. 
And even though she had known all that from the moment this whole mess started, she still felt a sense of betrayal. After all he had betrayed the trust she shouldn’t have in him…
Selissa ignored the strange tightening in her chest. The overwhelming sense of loneliness that hit her made no sense. She had always been alone, and she had never been bothered by it before.
Again she peered at the thin man walking next to her. She had no business beginning to see this man as a friend. He wasn’t and he had never been…
She knew nothing about him. She didn’t know who he was or where he was from. And most importantly, she didn’t know how he got involved in all this to begin with.
A thought suddenly struck her. It was something she had completely forgotten after discovering the meaning of the mark. 
“How did you do it?” She asked Alassane. 
She saw him tense for the slightest of seconds, before returning to normal. “Do what?” He asked without turning to look at her. 
“The thing you did to send that Demios guy packing…” She said. “With the blue flames.” 
She halfway expected him to go silent as he usually did when she asked personal questions, but he replied in the sarcastic tone she usually associated with Alassane.
“Have you never seen magic before?” He said in a tone that usually had her spitting fire, but now had her sighing in relief. She could handle the sarcastic, annoying Alassane. It was the silent, secretive Alassane that had her at a loss of what to do. The presence of something familiar and safe in the middle of the storming ocean that was her life made her regain some of her spirit. 
That didn’t mean he was getting off so easily though.
“But you’re no mage.” She deadpanned. Alassane scowled annoyed. Yes, good old Alassane was back…
“It is not only mages who are capable of using magic, you know.” He said simply. 
“No, I know that…” She said, while rolling her eyes. “Demon, angels and other magical creatures do too. And sorcerers… Are you a sorcerer, Alassane?” 
Alassane sent her a look that would have frightened even a demon lord. Sorcerers might have been humans practicing magic like mages, but that didn’t mean there wasn’t an enormous difference. 
While mages prided themselves on studying the magic and using it correctly, sorcerers were often self-taught and performed dangerous experiments. And often it was quite dark magic they practiced. 
While mages were respected and admired, sorcerers were often looked down on or downright feared. 
Despite her dreary mood, Selissa couldn’t help to feel gleeful that the insult got under his skin. 
“Shut up, woman.” He said simply and walked on. Selissa checked a point for her on her mental scoreboard, before running to catch up with him.
“Where are we going anyway? You haven’t told me where this temple is.” She paused for a moment. “Actually, you never seem to tell me where we are going. You should consider breaking that habit.” 
Alassane snorted. “I’ll buy a leash in the next town. Then you won’t get lost.” 
Selissa grimaced. “Just tell me, will you?”
Alassane let out a sigh. “It’s in the western Ver’Dohna, not far from the Sinarian border.” 
Selissa stopped dead in her tracks. “Are you crazy?” She asked incredulously. ”We’re going to Ver’Dohna? For the love of Shi’laran, they’re going to slaughter us the moment they find out we’re Sinarian!”  
Ver’Dohnians weren’t known for their compassion. Selissa had heard horror stories from Ver’Dohnian refugees who had had to flee their own country. And Ver’Dohna and Sinaria had always despised each other. Even before the war Sinarians hadn’t been welcome. And now, they would be killed on sight…
“That is why they’re not going to know.” Alassane said calmly, unaffected by her agitation. “This place will do…” He muttered to himself and stopped. Selissa watched him confused as he dropped his bag to the ground. 
“But since you seem to be able to find trouble no matter where you go, you should be prepared.” He continued. “So from today on, you’re starting your training.”

19
“My… training?” Selissa asked slowly. 
“Yes. Training. You might have heard of the concept.” Alassane answered impatiently.
Selissa’s eye twitched. “And who, might I ask, would be training me?” Of course, she already knew the answer to that question, but she prayed that for some reason, she was wrong. 
“Who do you think?” He asked, obviously not pleased with her pretended ignorance. 
Suddenly facing a dozen Demios didn’t seem so bad. She would much rather die a horrible and painful death than subjecting herself to training sessions with Alassane. Well, maybe she was being a bit melodramatic, but still…
“Why are you going to train me?” She asked. “Back at the temple we were evenly matched.” 
He scoffed at her. “And who was the one who almost got the life beaten out of her when the demon spawn appeared?” 
She frowned. He was right. Even if she was talented with a sword, she hadn’t stood a chance against Ardeth.
Swallowing her pride, she nodded. “What are you going to teach me?” She sighed in defeat. She was never going to hear the end of this. 
Alassane refrained from making any comments on her surrender and went straight to the point. 
“You’re clearly strongest in hand-to-hand combat and sword fight, so we will start with polishing your skills there.” He said thoughtfully. “At least what I saw of your fight with the demon spawn proved that you can throw quite a punch.” 
He smiled at the last comment and Selissa stared in shock. That had to be the closest she had ever come to being praised by Alassane. 
He didn’t give her time to bask in his almost-compliment though. He shed the heavy coat and the scarf he usually wore and walked away from her. 
“Let’s start with unarmed combat. This should be enough space for that.” He stated as he looked at her. 
Selissa placed her bag on ground and started to pull her sword sheaths from her shoulders. As she slowly placed the swords next to her bag, she took a moment to study Alassane. 
He definitely didn’t look like someone who would be any threat in a hand-to-hand fight. Without his coat he looked even thinner than usual. All the bones stood out clearly in his face, and his tall, sinewy frame looked like it might break in two if you hit it. He was literally nothing more than skin and bones. 
But if there was one thing she had learned in the last few weeks, it was that appearances could be deceiving. And she was not going to underestimate him a second time. 
“What do you want me to do?” She asked when he did nothing but watch her. 
“Attacking me would be a good start.” He scoffed. 
Selissa clenched her jaw. She knew very well that he was only trying to get her riled up. And the worst thing was that it was working. 
She refused to let him get to her though. She clenched her fists and lunged at him, aiming for his face. 
She was rewarded with a kick in the stomach, which sent her toppling backwards. Unable to regain her balance, she hit the ground heavily. 
“Just because your opponent is unarmed doesn’t mean you can just leave yourself completely open, girl.” Alassane said as she rolled to her feet. “Try again.”
Sneering, she went for his side this time. Again she was sent tumbling to the ground. 
“You have to do better than that.” He said simply, not even bothering to comment further on her lack of success. 
The embarrassing routine repeated itself until Selissa was practically spitting nails. She was beginning to think he just enjoyed humiliating her. She was not learning anything, if he didn’t tell her how to improve! 
‘Calm yourself.’ She stilled immediately at the whisper. That voice again…
‘Face him and place your left leg behind the other, then relax your stance.’ 
She barely noticed what she was doing as her body slid into the attack stance almost on its own. It was like she could see in her mind exactly what she was supposed to do. She relaxed her body and realized how much easier it was to balance her weight between her legs. 
Selissa frowned in confusion. She was not used to this stance, but still it felt comfortable and familiar. 
The voice sounded again, but this time so low that it almost blended with her own thoughts. ‘Raise your hands to your face and keep your elbows close to your body.’
For some reason she trusted it. She knew she should be scared, terrified of the fact that she was hearing voices in her head, but somehow it made her feel safe. She couldn’t explain why, but still she raised her arms before her. She could feel energy pulsing through her body and suddenly she felt more confident. 
Making sure to hold her stance she pushed off the ground and ran towards Alassane. Her greater balance caused her to move faster and Alassane actually had to throw himself to the side to avoid her strike. 
He grabbed hold of her arm and used his leverage to fling her away. Selissa stumbled briefly, but managed to regain her balance. 
“Better…” He said, obviously caught off guard by her sudden change in technique. “But that doesn’t say much, of course.” 
She knew it was what he aimed for, but she still felt her temper flare. Sliding back into position, she pondered her next move. 
‘Strike from his blind angle.’ Her body moved on its own, somehow knowing exactly where the blind angle was. 
Instead of running directly at Alassane, she aimed slightly to his left. Just as she came up on the side of him, she turned and sent a punch towards his jaw. 
He didn’t have time to turn towards her, before he was sent sprawling to the ground. 
He was quick to get back on his feet, but the shock was evident in his eyes. 
Selissa couldn’t help the rush of victory she felt. Deciding not to give him too much time to recover, she charged at him again. However, he seemed to have adjusted and quickly dodged the incoming attack. 
Her attempts at getting into his blind angle also failed, as he now moved around too fast to allow her to get behind him. However, spoiling her attempts also hindered him in getting a proper hit in himself. 
Going by instincts she didn’t know she had, she swirled around trying to get him to make an opening. 
‘Kick him at the back of his leg.’ By now she didn’t even question why she was hearing the voice, she just obeyed without hesitation. She sent a kick flying to the backside of Alassane’s knee and his leg collapsed under him. 
He rolled to the side as soon as he hit the ground, to get out of her reach. In a matter of seconds he was standing once again, his trademark smirk on his face.
“You still have to do better than that.” He taunted. Selissa clenched and unclenched her fists in an attempt to calm herself. 
She could still feel the presence of the voice in her head, but that wasn’t all. She could feel a strange energy flowing through her. Like cool water filling her veins and flowing through every nerve in her body. 
‘Use it.’
It was almost as if her body weighed nothing. Her legs carried her with surprisingly ease and in no time at all, she had reached Alassane. 
He dodged in the nick of time and Selissa avoided his returning kick with ease. 
Kicks and blows flew through the air, and Alassane and Selissa danced around each other. Every once in a while one of them would get a hit in and send the other stumbling back, but just as soon they would have to avoid the next blow sent their way. 
She felt the energy pulse through her veins, begging to be released.  Both she and Alassane were now breathing heavily, but somehow she didn’t feel tired. 
“Come on, little girl!” She heard him taunt. She no longer thought about how she moved. It was like she had always fought like this. She faintly heard Alassane taunt her again, telling her to get serious and hit him. 
She let the energy flow freely. Let it flow through her arms and into her fingertips. With a single punch she released it all. 
The only thing she registered next was a blinding white light as Alassane was sent flying into a tree.

20
Selissa splashed her face with water in an attempt to calm down. She shuddered as the cool water hit her skin and started running down her face and neck.
She had fled Alassane’s presence immediately after the incident and had come across a large lake. Confusion, shock and fear raced through her and she couldn’t face him right now. 
She looked at her hands, dripping with water. The strong white glow had faded away now, leaving no traces of the powerful magic that had coursed through them only moments before. 
Fear clawed at her throat. She couldn’t breathe. Her heart was hammering so hard she thought it might burst right out of her chest.
She gave up trying to hold herself up and slumped against the grass. 
All this time she had wondered what the Demios was… What Alassane was. But she had never stopped to wonder what she was… 
She looked at her hands again. They were trembling. 
She shouldn’t have been able to do that… She had never in her life showed any magic ability. Why now?
By now her entire body was shaking. Quiet sobs raked through her body and she felt hot tears starting to run down her face. 
She couldn’t remember the last time she had cried. 
All the fear and frustration she had felt ever since she had first met Alassane suddenly overwhelmed her and she wanted to scream. But despite her tears, not a sound crossed her lips.
For how long she lay there she didn’t know, but she was vaguely aware of the sun beginning to set. 
The trembling had stopped, but tears still ran down her cheeks and into the already wet grass.
“Who are you?” She whispered in the air. Silence was all that answered her. 
ℓ
Darkness had fallen over the lake and her body was chilled from lying on the ground. She slowly pushed herself up. 
The tears had long since dried on her face and she leaned over the water to inspect herself. 
Her face was pale as death, and her eyes were red rimmed. The paleness of her skin and the silver of her eyes made her look like a ghost. 
She sighed and brushed a tangled lock of hair away from her face. She was just about to get up, when a strange sound made her freeze. 
She sat completely still and listened intently. It was very faint as if it came far away, but Selissa was sure it wasn’t something she had imagined. 
The sound rose slightly and she could now hear it clearly. 
It sounded like someone was singing. It was a sad, melancholic song without words.
Against her will, Selissa felt herself rise from the ground. She felt the song draw her in, and she slowly started moving towards the place it was coming from. 
She had only moved a few steps, when someone grabbed her arm and caused her to stop dead in her tracks.
“Don’t.” She turned her head to see Alassane’s eyes burning into hers. The warning look in them broke her from her trance-like state.  
“What is that?” She spoke quietly. The song continued, beautiful and eerie at the same time. 
“Trouble.” Alassane said, just as quietly. Whoever was singing, it was clear that he didn’t want them to hear them. 
He stood completely still, his hand still gripping Selissa’s arm. Every muscle in his body was tense and he was staring into the air, in the direction of the sound. 
Selissa watched him silently, barely daring to breathe. She was surprised to see that except from a few rips in his clothes, he appeared completely unharmed from the blast he had taken earlier. 
Suddenly the singing stopped. With it, every other sound of the forest seemed to stop. Complete silence fell over them. 
The hand that was holding her arm tightened its grip almost painfully. “We have to get away from here… Now.” Alassane said. Selissa felt a lump forming in her throat at his urgent tone. No matter what it was, it was bad. Very bad for Alassane to be reacting this way. 
Despite her aversion to fleeing she didn’t hesitate to follow when Alassane set into a sprint. 
The only sound was the sound of their footsteps, muted by the grass, echoing through the silence as they ran. Nothing made it seem like they were being followed, but Selissa wasn’t fooled. Though she could neither hear them nor see them, she could feel the aura of dread surrounding her. The exact same feeling as when she had first met Ardeth. 
Adrenaline, and something she only faintly recognized, surged through her body. 
She heard something move to her left and almost stopped to see what it was.  Alassane, however, was not slowing down and Selissa forced herself to keep going. 
More movements… She tensed up as she realized it was coming from both sides. There was more than one…
‘Behind you.’ She didn’t hesitate. She swirled around, just as the first attacker hurled themselves at her. The kick she sent towards them hit the stranger in the stomach and sent them sailing through the air. 
She heard Alassane stop a few yards behind her. Her breathing was heavy, but somehow she didn’t feel tired. 
Energy was coursing through her. The same energy that she had felt just before she sent Alassane flying through the air. But instead of rejecting it, she embraced it. 
Two shapes slowly began to close in on them, like wolves on their prey. 
“My my, it seems Ardeth was right…” A low voice said. Selissa couldn’t determine if it was male or female. “She is a feisty one.” 
“Should be more fun then.” Answered another, definitely female voice. The one who had been singing…
She stepped out of the shadows. The moonlight fell on her face, illuminating her features. 
It was a young woman, probably still in her late teens. She was not that tall and slenderly built, giving her the appearance of being even younger than she was. Short, blonde hair hung into her eyes, but did nothing to disguise the cold look in them. 
The black tattoo under her left eye confirmed what Selissa already knew. She was a Demios. And so was her partner probably. 
As if on cue, the other stepped forward and revealed his face. Like his partner, he was not tall, but he had a strong build. His brown hair was shaggy and had reddish tint to it. There was a smile on his face, but there was no warmth in it. 
Unlike Ardeth, there was no amusement emitting from those two, only cold ruthlessness. Somehow, Selissa didn’t know what was worse. 

21
Selissa desperately wished she had her swords with her. They might not have helped her much, but at least they would have been a comfort to have. 
She backed up slowly, until she felt her back hit Alassane’s. She turned her head slightly to look at him out of the corner of her eye, but didn’t dare turn her back on the two Demios that was watching them, like predators waiting to pounce. 
“Now would be a good time to use that trick you used to scare off the last one…” She said, pitching her voice so only he could hear it. 
Alassane shook his head, barely noticeable. “He was alone and unprepared. It won’t be enough this time.” He said in the same low tone. 
“Now, isn’t that lovely…?” She muttered. Despite her best efforts at being sarcastic, her voice came out a bit shaky. She turned her attention back to the issue at hand. 
The man was slowly inching closer, while the woman hadn’t moved at all. Selissa saw him look over his shoulder at his partner and send her a brief nod. Then the predator pounced. 
ℓ
Selissa immediately jumped away from Alassane to avoid the hit. Only too late did she realize that she hadn’t been the target. 
The man rammed into Alassane and knocked him to the ground. Before Selissa even managed to make a move to help him, she was knocked off her feet by a blow to the side of her head. 
Everything spun in front of her eyes for a short moment, before she was able to see clearly again. She scrambled back on her feet and looked up to find the blonde woman watching her calmly. How she had reached her so fast, she didn’t know, but thinking back on the surreal way Ardeth had moved, maybe she shouldn’t be so surprised. 
The Demios didn’t make any move to attack her, so Selissa watched her warily, trying to decide on a plan of action.
She could take her on alone or go help Alassane… Out of the corner of her eye she saw bright blue flames shooting past her and decided that Alassane would probably be okay. 
Turning her attention back to her opponent, she tried to decide what the best approach was. The girl had to be slightly younger than her, and she knew she had the physical advantage as she was both taller and stronger. But she was also unarmed and she had no idea what this Demios’ ability was. 
“Never charge into a situation, before you know all the details.” She could almost hear Master Teren’thil voice instructing her. 
She turned around abruptly and started running towards Alassane. She had to force her into revealing her abilities, before she made a move. The best way to do that was to keep her distance for now. 
However, she had only made a few steps, before her path was blocked by scarlet flames shooting up in front of her. 
“What the—“ She exclaimed in shock, barely managing to stop before tumbling head first into the ten feet tall flames. They were so close she could feel the heat licking against her skin and she jerked back to avoid getting burnt. 
Was this another one of Alassane’s magic tricks? No, She thought. His flames were blue… 
So the Demios girl could control fire… Selissa swirled around to face her once again, only to discover her gone. 
Biting back several phrases that a girl who grew up in a temple shouldn’t even know, she surveyed the area around her. 
There was no sign of the blonde woman, and the flames blocked her view of the place where Alassane and the other man had to be fighting. 
She felt sweat slowly run down the back of her neck. She wasn’t sure if it was the heat from the enormous flames or just pure fear. 
She had to be here somewhere, watching her. 
Suddenly Selissa felt very uneasy about being separated from Alassane. She might need the backup soon. 
The flame wall blocked the entire path to the east, the area around it covered by dense woodland. Somehow the fire didn’t catch on to it, but she would have to wonder about that later. First she would have to get around it. 
She started running in the opposite direction to find a way around the clutches of trees and bushes that blocked her way. She didn’t get far.
This time, the wall of flames didn’t just cut off her path. The flames roared to life all around her, soon forming an infernal circle of hissing fire. 
She looked around frantically, but there was no gap in the wall. She was trapped. 
Anger and desperation flooded her. “Come out, coward!” She yelled. “Come out and fight instead of hiding behind your little tricks!” 
Someone laughed. It was a cold and joyless sound. 
Selissa spun around trying to locate the source, but there was nothing but fiery, red flames all around her. 
“Who’s hiding?” A voice said. “You’re just not looking.” 
It was coming from her left. Selissa turned around, but still found nothing but fire. She was just about to yell out again when she saw it. 
A face in the fire… No, a face made of fire. 
The flames twisted and danced and formed the shape of a woman. The Demios…
Lips of fire stretched into a sadistic grin, as the fire woman took in Selissa’s shocked expression. “Cat got your tongue? You were breathing fire before, weren’t you?” She laughed. Selissa gritted her teeth in frustration. She had no idea what to do, so she opted for stalling.
“Well, aren’t you a funny one?” She shot back. 
The smile immediately disappeared. “Not really.” She said calmly. There was only deadly seriousness in her voice now. “And I’m not here to play. Let’s end this.” 
Selissa watched as the figure raised her blazing arm and suddenly the flames started twisting violently. Several shapes started forming in the fire. All around her, flaming wolf-like beasts took shape. Hideous, snarling faces stared at her and long clawed paws cut into the ground. 
Selissa started to back away in horror, just as the flaming shape of the Demios raised her arm towards her. On their mistress’ cue, all of the flaming beasts shot out of the fire and attacked.

22
There was fire everywhere. 
Selissa screamed in pain as flames burned every inch of her skin. She stumbled back, swiping uselessly at the flaming beasts. The more she tried to push them away the harder they came at her. 
She fell to her knees and tried to cover her head with her arms, but the fire surrounded her. It felt like the flames were trying to devour her and there was nothing she could do. The only thing she could focus on was the sensation of being burned alive. 
‘This isn’t real.’ A tiny bit of hope flared to life at the sound of the voice. Selissa clung to it desperately. 
“Help me.” She whispered. The pain from the burns was overwhelming, but she forced herself to concentrate on the voice.
Her pleading wasn’t left unanswered. She felt her veins pulse with energy and her body filling with power. She felt it spread under her skin and ease the pain from the burning. 
‘Fight fire with fire.’ This was the same power she had recklessly let loose on Alassane. But suddenly she realized that in this moment, she knew how to use it. She let instincts take over and forced the energy to flow into her palms. 
She threw her arm upwards, blasting away the nearest beast. It disintegrated into a rain of sparks, before finally disappearing into thin air. 
Selissa wasted no time and got to her feet. Another surge of energy was sent flying towards the next beast and with a roar of flames it disappeared. The other blazing creatures followed their comrade, as they too got blasted into oblivion. 
After ridding herself of her assailants, she looked towards the flame wall. The Demios was watching her appraisingly.
“So you do know how to use Cadeyrn’s powers…” She said slowly. 
Despite her mind screaming at her to attack her and not hesitate, the words made Selissa pause and watch the woman surprised.
“What do you mean?” She asked. Cadeyrn’s power? How could it be an archangel’s power she was using?
“Ardeth was right… You really don’t know anything.” She said incredulously.
Something inside her snapped. “No, I don’t! Apparently no one finds it necessary to tell me anything!” She snapped. “So why don’t you tell me? What is my connection to Cadeyrn?” 
The Demios scoffed. “You really can’t figure it out on your own?” She said mockingly. “And here I thought Cadeyrn would at least have chosen a smart host.” She gestured towards the flames and the entire flame wall started moving. 
“Host? What are you talking about?” Selissa asked shocked as she warily watched the contorting flames. They slowly started taking shape and soon a huge flaming snake raised its head above them. 
“Since you obviously know his name, I assume you know the story about what happened to him?” She asked. The snake was circling its enormous, blazing body around her, ready to strike. 
Selissa discreetly took a step back. The flaming wall had been consumed by the snake and she was no longer surrounded by it. She looked around for any signs of Alassane, while she answered the woman. “He sacrificed himself to seal away the demon Azarial.” 
Suddenly the flames flared up. “Don’t you dare say his name!” The woman screeched. The fire snake reared its head and hissed silently, responding to its mistress’ anger. Selissa warily took a step back, eyes never leaving the enormous, flaming creature. 
“Let me ask you something… Do you know what happened after the angels performed the seal?” The Demios asked scornfully. “What Cadeyrn did to secure the strength of the seal?” 
Selissa hesitated to answer. This woman was clearly unstable. “No?” 
A chuckle escaped her.  “He sealed himself away on earth, so he could continue to power the seal. He sealed himself away in a human.” She said the word as if it burned her throat. 
Selissa froze. Was she saying…?
She didn’t get a chance to think further about it as the snake chose that moment to strike. 
She barely managed to get out of the way in time, as it lunged for her. Missing her, the snake crashed headfirst into the ground and dissipated. 
For a moment Selissa thought it was gone. Clearly, she was wrong. 
Flames started to coil themselves around her. The snake wrapped itself around her like a rope. She cried out in pain as it burned through her skin.
‘It isn’t real.’ She tried to listen to the voice, but this pain felt very real. 
She threw herself through the fire, biting back a scream as it burned everywhere. Her entire body was covered in burns and blisters and her legs collapsed under her.
“Why don’t you just give up?” The scorn in the Demios’ voice was evident. 
She heard the crackling of flames above. She desperately wanted to move, but her body wouldn’t cooperate. She looked up to see the snake rushing towards her… Only to disintegrate into thin air, mere inches before it collided with her. 
She heard someone scream. And this time it wasn’t her. 
To her surprise, she realized the pain had disappeared. She sat upright and looked down at herself. No burns on her skin. Her clothes weren’t burned either. 
“Aiken, I thought you were going to take care of him!” She heard the Demios woman shrieking. 
Selissa looked up in confusion to see Alassane standing surrounded by blue flames. The blonde woman had several singed hairs and was glaring at her partner, who Selissa assumed had to be Aiken. 
“Well, then don’t play around, Nadesha!” Aiken yelled back. “You could have taken that girl down long before!”  Selissa noticed he was badly wounded. Blood was running down his face and he appeared to be limping. 
“Why don’t you two stop bickering and get lost, before I stop playing nice?” Alassane said, before summoning up a handful of blue fire. Nadesha glared at him, before grabbing Aiken by the arm. 
Alassane sent the flames sailing towards them, and she made a hissing sound, before she and Aiken took off into the wood. 
Alassane watched them disappear. He didn’t seem like he cared that they got away so easily, because he merely scoffed, before turning around and walking towards her slowly. To Selissa’s surprise he sat down on the ground beside her and sighed deeply.
“Are you okay?” He asked as he looked at her. She hesitated for a moment.
“Somehow I am…” She said slowly. “I could have sworn I got burned to crisp.” 
“It was just an illusion.” He said. She looked at him in disbelief.
“An illusion?” She said. “How could it be an illusion? I could feel the heat from the flames… And I know the pain was real.” 
“It was all in your mind.” He said. “If your mind tells you it’s real, it will feel real.” 
Selissa stared at her hands. Had she just been flailing around, blasting away at nothing but figments of her imagination?
“So the illusion broke  when you attacked Nadesha?” She asked slowly. She still had a hard time believing that none of it had actually happened.
“Yes.” He nodded. “The reason she had Aiken attack me was because she couldn’t uphold the illusion if she had to defend herself against outsiders.” 
“I see.” She suddenly remembered something. She looked up at Alassane and held his eyes.
“We need to talk.” 

23
Alassane didn’t even blink. “What did she say to you?” 
Selissa didn’t skip a beat. “Something you should have told me.” 
He pushed himself off the ground and looked down at her. “Let’s go back first.” He turned around and started to walk away. 
Angrily, Selissa stood and ran after him. “I’m not going to let you wave me off this time!” She said determined. She had accepted his secret keeping for way too long. Alassane stopped and looked at her.
“I won’t. I promise.” He said. He was sounding so honest that Selissa’s anger subsided. “But we will talk back at the camp. If we talked here, you would probably regret you don’t have your swords with you to chop me up.”
For some reason, he sounded deadly serious about the last comment. 
ℓ
The silence was heavy in the air as they walked back. Selissa slid her hands over her arms absentmindedly, still expecting to feel burnt skin underneath her fingers. 
Catching herself in the act, she let her hands drop by her sides and stared emptily into the air. She tried to calm her racing thoughts, but to no avail. 
He sealed himself away on earth. The words echoed in her mind, taunting her. She knew what they meant, but she still couldn’t accept the magnitude behind them. He sealed himself away in a human… 
The night air suddenly felt very cold and she hugged her arms around her body. 
In a human… She wanted to cry and shake her head in denial, but she refused to be that childish. 
No matter how much she wanted to deny it, she knew it was true. All the pieces of the puzzle suddenly fit. How she had not seen it before, she didn’t know. 
She had not noticed Alassane stopping and nearly barged into him, before she realized they had reached their small campsite. 
She shook her head slightly to clear her thoughts, before letting herself drop down next to her bag.  Absentmindedly she traced her fingers over her swords sheaths, relishing in the feeling of leather against her skin.
“What exactly did that girl tell you?” Alassane had sat down in front of her, but she didn’t look up at him. 
She continued to slowly drag her fingers down the worn leather of the sheath. “She told me about the seal Cadeyrn made…” The embroidering was old and nearly faded away, but Selissa still traced each line carefully. “She told me that he sealed himself away. In a human.” 
Alassane was silent for a while, but she still didn’t look up at him. Right now she felt numb. It felt like every nerve in her body was heavily sedated and her mind was fussy, but at least she was calm. She feared that if she looked at him, she would lose it. 
“It’s true, isn’t it?” She asked, her voice void of emotion.
He was silent only for a moment before answering. “It’s true.”  
His admission somehow triggered the latent anger the numbness had suppressed. She looked up at him, ice cold fury glinting in her silver eyes.
“So that’s what I am?” She asked, her words freezing as they passed her lips. “A vessel?” 
Dark eyes met hers, a resigned look showing in them that might have made her hesitate if she hadn’t been so angry. 
“To ensure that the seal was kept intact, Cadeyrn’s powers had to reside on earth. Close to the seal itself.” He said quietly. “Ever since the seal was made, he has chosen a number of human hosts.”
“Like me.” She said. Anger fueled her and she felt the need to move. To do something. She stood up and started pacing restlessly. 
“So that is why they want me?” She asked. “Because I have the power of an archangel inside me?” 
“Yes.” He said simply. He remained seated and watched her pacing in silence.
“Why?” She asked, more to herself than to Alassane. “What do they need it for?” 
Suddenly she remembered something. “You said…” She started thoughtfully and stopped pacing. “You said that they planned to complete some ritual that had failed before…” 
She stared at him, trying to put the pieces together. “And they need Cadeyrn’s power for that…” 
Suddenly it hit her. Flashes of memories shut through her mind. The bloodied symbol on the temple floor. Serendia telling them about a demon. Azarial.
Selissa realized she was shaking. “They want to bring back Azarial…” She felt nauseated. “They want to summon a demon lord.” 
She felt her legs grow weak, and she allowed herself to sink down in the grass. “Why?” Was the only thing she managed to ask. 
“They were shunned by humans for their demonic abilities. They have never had anything important to them, so all they seek is power. And they believe he will grant them that as a reward for their loyalty.” Alassane explained, but even he sounded like he didn’t understand his own words.
“And they have tried this before?” She asked, willing her voice not to waver. 
“Twice, to my knowledge. Maybe more.” He said. “Both times it failed.” 
To my knowledge. Selissa let out a bitter chuckle. He knew all of this and kept her in the dark. And still she followed him like a trusting dog. “What is your role in all of this?” She asked quietly. 
Alassane hesitated. “My role is to keep you safe.” He said simply. 
She let out another joyless chuckle. It seemed she wasn’t getting anything better than that. 
“I keep hearing this voice in my head… His voice.” She whispered. Alassane didn’t ask whose voice. He didn’t need to. 

24
The following days, Alassane tried to act like nothing had changed, but it still felt like an invisible wall had appeared between them. 
They talked and argued as usual, but somehow it felt like there was nothing behind the words. They were empty. Whatever companionable feelings she had had for him before seemed to have gone numb. She could forgive, but she couldn’t forget. All the things he had kept from her were a constant reminder in the back of her mind that she couldn’t trust him. 
They continued traveling towards the abandoned temple, occasionally stopping to rest at whatever small town they passed through. 
As they came closer to the border, the war showed its obvious signs. 
On every street, orphans were begging in the streets. In every town there were burned down houses. People kept their heads down and didn’t dare look anyone in the eye as they passed. 
Ragged clothes and starving people made it clear how much people suffered from the war. 
Selissa and Alassane were both dressed in similar ragged cloaks. A pair of strange travelers in this area were already enough to cause suspicion. They had to blend in as much as possible. 
Despite their best efforts though, Selissa could still feel eyes following them as they made their way through the various towns. Strangers were not welcome here. To these people, strangers meant nothing but pain and misery.
It took them a week to get to the border. By now it was very common to see Ver’Dohnian guards patrolling in every town, and Selissa felt the paranoia set in. She could feel herself tense up every time they passed a guard, fearing exposure. 
If they were discovered, they would be killed on the spot. She had never been to Ver’Dohna before and with good reason. 
“How do we get across the border?” She asked Alassane. They were currently sitting at a table in a rundown tavern. The place they were in was more like a military encampment than an actual town. It was right at the border and heavily guarded by Ver’Dohnian military. 
Alassane leaned closer to her, to ensure that no one else heard their conversation. “We need to find out who’s on guard duty tonight.” He said quietly. “That way we can deal with them before we cross the border.” 
Selissa nodded. To Alassane, deal with roughly meant knock out and throw in a dumpster. “How do we find out who’s going to be on duty?” She asked thoughtfully. 
Alassane subtly tilted his head towards a man sitting at the bar. He was clad in armor and a sheathed sword stood leaning against the counter. “That guy seems drunk enough to accidentally spill something. Go get him.” 
Selissa frowned. “How? He may be drunk, but he’s not going to just tell me if I walk right up and ask.” 
He scoffed. “You’re a woman, aren’t you? And even with those creepy eyes, you’re not that bad-looking. Use it.” 
“You want me to flirt with him?” She raised an eyebrow at him. That hadn’t exactly been her plan.
“You’re right… You’re probably too masculine for that to work.” He retorted. He was promptly rewarded with a smack to the back of his head. 
Selissa stood up defiantly and with one last look at Alassane, she strutted towards the inebriated soldier at the bar. 
Subtly, she loosened the first few buttons on her shirt, before sitting down on the stool next to him. She asked the barmaid for a drink, deliberately leaning forward so the man next to her got a good view as her shirt dipped. It was not in vain. 
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw his eyes flicker to her chest, before quickly returning to her face when he noticed he was staring. 
She turned to face him, a pleasant smile plastered on her face. “Hello. My name is Selissa.”  She offered her hand to him, thankfully remembering Ver’Dohnian customs. The man seemed shocked by her addressing him, but quickly recovered and shook her hand. 
“I’m Adriel.” He said. The slight slur in his voice was the only thing revealing the fact that he had been drinking. 
Selissa smiled radiantly at him. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.” She said. “I’m just in the town for a couple of days. I’m on my way to visit my brother.” 
The lie slipped out effortlessly, and Adriel seemed to buy it. He returned her smile tentatively. “I hope you’re enjoying your stay here, though there’s not much to see.” He said.
She cheered inwardly at the fact that she had managed to get a conversation going. “You’re part of the military, aren’t you? That must be a dangerous occupation!” She said, false admiration in her voice. Border control... Dangerous indeed. 
It seemed to work however. Adriel seemed to relax and his chest swelled a bit at her flattery. “Yeah, it can be, but I can handle it.” He said proudly. 
Selissa suppressed a smirk. This was almost too easy. 
“I believe that.” She said and placed her hand on his arm. “What kind of work do you do here?” 
He took a swig of his drink. “It’s our job to secure the border. To make sure no damn Sinarian scum gets into our country.” 
Her eye twitched. So Sinarians were scum… We’re not the ones destroying the homes of our own people, She thought annoyed. 
“Really? Well, you’re probably going to be on duty tonight, aren’t you?” She asked innocently. She leaned a bit forward and stared intently into his eyes. She ignored his slight jump when saw her eyes clearly. “Such a shame. I was looking forward to getting to know you better.”
Adriel eyes flickered unsurely, before he answered. “No no, I’m free tonight!” He said quickly.
Selissa fluttered her eyes a bit, feigning confusion. “But what if they need a replacement for tonight? Shouldn’t you be available then?” She asked.
“Nah, I just saw Dion and Ethan leaving the 3rd division’s barracks. They are going to be on duty all night.” He said eagerly. Selissa smiled, hoping he didn’t notice the predatory glint in her eyes.
“Well, that’s great. I’ll have to go take care of something first, but how about we meet here in an hour?” She asked sweetly. Adriel nodded enthusiastically as she slid out of her seat. She shot him one last smile before disappearing out the door. 
Alassane was waiting for her outside, an amused smirk on his face. “You seem to have done that before…” He said suggestively.  
Selissa merely rolled her eyes. “I have no comments on that one.” She said. If only he knew… Turning serious, she looked at him. “Two soldiers named Dion and Ethan are going to take the next shift.”
“Good job.” He said. “I will take care of them. Meet me near the border in an hour.” 

25
Crossing the border went smoothly. The unfortunate guards were now lying unconscious in a back alley, and no one else noticed them as they slipped past the invisible line that separated Sinaria and Ver’Dohna. 
Having entered enemy land definitely didn’t help Selissa’s growing paranoia. Where the people of Sinaria devoted themselves to the angels and believed in their protection, Ver’Dohna believed only in power. Their military power was massive and it showed. 
In every town they passed through, they found soldiers patrolling. Until now they had avoided suspicion, but Selissa still held her breath every time they had to pass by the city guards. There was nothing revealing them as Sinarians and the soldiers had no reason to suspect them of anything, but the logic of that didn’t calm her down.
They would mostly camp out in the forests to avoid staying in populated areas for too long. The dense woodland provided a good cover against prying eyes. 
Hidden by the trees, they had set up camp in a small clearing. Selissa was polishing her swords after yet another training session. After discovering that she possessed the powers of an archangel, she had trained fervently to try and control them. But no matter what she did, she couldn’t make them appear at will. 
How could she learn to control them, if they only appeared when she was mad or scared?  
She pushed her frustration into polishing the already sparkling clean sword. Her movements bordered on aggressive, and it was no surprise Alassane noticed. 
“It’s doesn’t help taking it out on the sword, you know…” He said. He was lying on the grass, a cigarette in his mouth. He was watching the smoke rise absentmindedly. 
She put the sword down. “Sorry.” She muttered. “I’m just restless…” 
“Why are you brooding?” He asked and turned his head to look at her. She pulled her legs to her chest and rested her head on her knees.
“I’m not sure…” She said quietly. “I just don’t know anymore.”
Alassane watched her silently for a moment. “It’s rather pathetic seeing you this meek…” He said. 
“Shut up or I’ll break your skull open with the back of my sword…” She answered through gritted teeth. 
He gave her a thumbs-up. “Now that’s the spirit.” 
Her lips twitched slightly. She refused to smile at his odd attempt at cheering her up. 
She lay down on the grass and opted for watching the sky instead. It was darkening, and the moon had just started peeking through the clouds. A few stars were blinking lazily down at her. 
She sighed deeply and watched the clouds flow by. She heard Alassane shift in the grass next to her. 
“We will be at Cadeyrn’s sanctuary in a few days.” He said quietly. 
Selissa turned towards him and was just about to answer, when she heard faint voices coming from the woods. 
She immediately sat up, every muscle in her body tense. Alassane was already at his feet, staring intently into the forest. 
Selissa stood up and walked up to Alassane carefully. The voices were getting clearer, and it was obvious there were several persons. 
Alassane silently motioned for her to follow and side by side they crept closer to the place the noise was coming from. They knelt down behind a couple of large trees, where they had a good view of the clearing in front of them. 
Five men were gathered in the clearing. They were all wearing military armor and talking rather loudly amongst themselves. 
One of them was holding a young boy by the arm, shaking him roughly. “So what do we have here?” He sneered at the boy. The boy whimpered in pain, but didn’t say anything. 
The other men laughed cruelly. “What should we do with this little whelp?” The first one asked the others. Selissa watched a malicious grin spread across his face. 
She leaned a little closer to get a better view. She watched the man throw the boy to the ground and suddenly realized what the problem was. 
The boy was Marked. Half of his face was covered by a black tattoo, but unlike the demonic Demios, there was no malice emitting from him. On the contrary, he was curling together in a ball, shaking in fear. 
One of the men kicked him in the stomach, and he cried out in pain. The others laughed and several of them joined in and started kicked the defenseless boy. 
Selissa sneered in fury and was just about to jump out from her hiding place, when Alassane grabbed her arm. “It’s not your fight.” He whispered. 
She tore her arm away from him. “Like hell it isn’t. I can’t just watch them beat him up!” She hissed at him. She was just about to turn around and charge in, when Alassane wrapped his arm around her stomach to restrain her. 
He leaned down to speak into her ear. “If you’re absolutely going to get involved with something that’s only going to get us in trouble, at least don’t just barge in…” 
Selissa relaxed slightly. “What are you suggesting?” 
She listened intently as he whispered his plan to her. She hesitated for a moment, before nodding. She watched as he disappeared into the shadows of the trees and then waited. 
Her stomach lurched at the sight of the poor boy getting beaten, his strangled cries filling the air, but she knew she had to give Alassane time to get in position. 
Making sure not to make any noise, she bent down and picked up a rock. Aiming, she threw it with all her strength at the nearest soldier’s head. 
It hit its target spot on, and the man yelled out in pain and surprise. The others stopped their assault in surprise, and all of them looked around to find the person who threw the rock. 
That was Selissa’s cue to make her entrance. She jumped out from behind the tree and landed in front of the men in the clearing. “You really should fight someone your own size.” She said calmly. The comment itself was ridiculous as each of the men was probably twice her size, but they would soon regret underestimating her. 
They started laughing at her, and she couldn’t help grinning. 
“You’re going to fight us?” One of them said mockingly. Selissa just smiled sweetly at him. 
“No, I’m not. But he is.” She said and pointed behind them. 
They all turned to look at the direction she was pointing, just as two of them fell unconscious to the ground. 
Selissa didn’t hesitate to take out the next two as they were still distracted, just as Alassane made quick work of the last one. 
In less than a minute, all five men were lying scattered on the ground. The boy was looking at them with wide, scared eyes. 
“Don’t look at us like that, boy.” Alassane scoffed. “Get going before they wake up.” 
He didn’t need to say that twice. The boy stumbled to his feet and ran as fast as his legs could carry him. He stumbled over his own feet, before finally disappearing into the shadows of the trees.
Selissa watched the place he disappeared as Alassane bent down to examine one of the soldiers. 
“What are you doing?” She asked as she turned to see him rummaging through the man’s bag. 
“Looking for something…” He said without looking at her. Apparently he found what he was looking for, because he threw something at her. She caught it and looked at it curiously. 
“What is it?” She asked as she turned the metal badge in her hands. A symbol was carved in the front. 
“A Ver’Dohnian military badge. They might get useful.” He said as he started searching the next soldier. He pulled another badge from that one and placed it in his coat pocket. 
“So we can identify ourselves as Ver’Dohnian guards?” Selissa asked curiously. No more passing borders illegally it seemed. 
“Indeed.” He answered, before standing. “We have to get moving. It won’t be long before they wake up, and they will search all over this place for us when they do. That’s what you get for meddling.”
Selissa laughed silently before following him back to their camp to pack up their stuff. At least she hadn’t gotten beaten up this time.

26
As Alassane had promised, it only took them two days before reaching their destination. 
Selissa felt a wave of anticipation as the first glimpse of the temple walls appeared. She was not sure what she expected to find, but she had a feeling a lot of things would become much clearer as soon as she got within those walls. 
As they neared the temple, the gates towered above them. The sanctuary was enormous and must have been a magnificent sight in its days of glory, but centuries of decay had left its marks. 
Great stone walls were crumbling and in several places the roof was collapsing. The gardens, which were visible through the collapsed walls, were unkempt and overgrown with scrubs and vines. What must have once been a place filled with life was now nothing but a ghostly memory. 
The gate had succumbed to years of deterioration, and they had to cross the fallen rubble to enter the temple halls. 
A deep feeling of peace spread through Selissa’s chest as she passed the fallen gateway. A feeling of belonging she had never experienced before. 
Confusion flicked through her mind, before she realized it wasn’t her own feelings she was feeling. This is your home, isn’t it? She spoke quietly in her mind. Memories of life bustling through the halls flashed through her mind. Memories that weren’t hers either. 
“Where do you want to go?” Alassane’s voice brought her from her reverie. She looked over her shoulder at him. 
“I think…” She started uncertain. “I think I want to go alone.” 
She didn’t want anyone around. Somehow this seemed too private. Like visiting a loved one’s grave. She didn’t know how to explain, and she didn’t think he would understand anyway. 
She saw him clench his jaw, but nod his consent anyway. “If that’s what you need…” He said reluctantly. Selissa sent him a grateful smile. 
She trailed her fingers along the walls as she walked down one of the many hallways. Dim light was shining through cracks and holes in the ceiling, bathing the corridor in a ghostly light. 
It felt like she had known these halls forever. She knew that she wouldn’t get lost, because somehow she knew this place. 
Men and women, clad in white robes, talking and laughing. Beautiful gardens, filled with life. 
She closed her eyes and let Cadeyrn’s memories overwhelm her. Pictures of a world that was long forgotten filled her mind and with it, a sense of loss so great she felt like crying. 
She stepped into a garden that had once been breathtakingly beautiful, but no one had taken care of it in centuries. Everything was covered in great, green vines, and she had to walk carefully so she wouldn’t trip. 
She made her way slowly to the middle of the garden. A statue of an angel was placed in the center. The platform it was standing on and the statue’s feet was almost completely covered by the vines that had taken over the garden, but except for that the statue seemed unaffected by the wear of time. 
The twenty foot tall statue towered over her as she approached it. The angel’s face was turned towards the sky, and his wings were spread, as if he was about to take to the air. 
Selissa studied the angel’s face. Its features were graceful, yet masculine. Long hair appeared to be flowing down his shoulders and covering half of his face. 
“Is this what you look like?” She asked. Was it a bad sign that she was talking to a voice in her head? She laughed quietly at herself. It probably was. 
When she didn’t receive an answer, she decided to keep talking. “You have to help me here… Tell me what I need to do.” She hated herself for feeling so lost. “I need your help.”
When there still was no answer, she slowly sank to her knees and rested her forehead against the cool stone of the statue. Was coming here just another dead end?
‘I’ll lead you.’ Selissa stiffened in surprise as his voice rung clearly through her mind. Not only had she thought he wasn’t going to answer, but this time his voice seemed so much more powerful to her. As clear and as real as if it had come from a person she could see and touch. 
“You feel so much closer to me here. As if I know you.” She said with a smile. 
‘You do know me. I’m part of you after all.’ He answered, and she could almost picture his face. Not the cold, lifeless stone face of the statue, but the face of a living, breathing being. 
She suddenly longed to touch him, to assure herself that he wasn’t just an illusion created by her mind. To feel the warmth of life, not just the cool feeling of his presence inside her head. 
Suddenly she remembered something Calen had told her many years ago.
Do you have to be able see something for it to be real? As long as you can feel it in your heart, it’s as real as it can be. 
She smiled at the memory. She had been just a girl and had asked him how he could have such faith in the fact that Shi’laran and the angels existed, even when he had no proof. 
She had not understood his answer then, but now it made sense to her. She couldn’t see him, but everything in her made her believe that he was real. That was enough for now. 
She rose slowly from her kneeling position. She had come here in the hopes of understanding more about Cadeyrn and she already felt she did.  Standing here, in his sanctuary, she could feel his presence so strongly that she almost wasn’t sure if the emotion she was feeling was really her own. 
She was just about to continue searching the temple, when she heard a voice that made a chill run down the back of her neck. 
“Long time no see, princess.” She froze and felt a lump form in her throat. For a second she considered running, but a sudden stubbornness shot through her. She was done with running. 
She slowly turned around to face the intruder. 
Ardeth was looking at her with a smile on his face, and his back leaned against the stone wall. He looked for all the world like he belonged there. 
“Didn’t you get enough last time?” She asked tersely. She prayed he didn’t remember that it had been Alassane that had beaten him instead of her. 
He laughed softly. “I’m not here for you this time.” 
She frowned. “And that will stop you from killing me?” She asked.
He tilted his head and smiled at her. “It was never my intent to kill you.” He said. “They want you alive after all. And I have gotten no orders to go after you, so I will let it go for now.” 

27
Selissa hesitated in confusion. “So you’re going to leave me alone, just because you weren’t ordered to go after me?” She asked slowly. It didn’t make much sense that he would just let her go, when the Demios wanted her so desperately. And what was he even doing here then?
“They’re the ones who want you, not me.” Ardeth shrugged. “I couldn’t care less, to be honest.” 
It had to be a trick. He was trying to make her believe she was safe from him for now, just so he could make his move. 
She started backing away slowly, all the while keeping her eyes on him.
Her plan backfired, as he noticed her retreating. In seconds he was in front of her. 
He grabbed her chin and surprisingly gently lifted her face so she would look at him. She was tall for a woman, but Ardeth’s height dwarfed even her. Her head barely reached his chin. 
He continued to smile at her, as their eyes met. She wanted to jerk away from him, but she found that she couldn’t bring herself to move. His dark eyes held her in place. They were calm, but still so intense it made her breath catch. She was so close that she could count each of his eye latches and see every tiny muscle in his face move when he smiled. 
He really was beautiful. Frighteningly beautiful. 
“Are you afraid of me?” He asked. His hot breath washed over her face as he spoke and she shivered. 
“Yes.” She said without hesitating. She knew he would be able to see every lie in her eyes, so she didn’t even bother denying it. She was afraid of him. She was down-right terrified of him, and still it was not just fear that made her shiver. 
He watched her thoughtfully as if he didn’t quite know what to make of her. 
“I see.” He said slowly. He released her chin and took a step back. 
Her skin burned where his fingers had touched it, but breathing got a little easier when he stepped away from her. 
She took a shaky breath to steady herself. “If you’re not here for me…” She said slowly. She knew that if he really wasn’t going to hurt her, she should just get the hell out of there and away from him as quickly as possible. But no matter how frightening she found him, there was something about him that made her pause. “Then why are you here?” 
He grinned at her and she felt the blood freeze in her veins. She had never met anyone one who looked so unnerving just by smiling. 
“I had some…” He paused for a moment. “Business to take care of in the area. And I decided to pay this place a visit, when I was nearby anyway.”
Selissa shuddered at the way he said “business”. She wondered how many innocent lives were lost every time he had business to take care of.   
“Why would you want to come here?” She asked wondering. Her mind was screaming at her to get out while she could. There was something very disturbing about having an almost normal conversation with someone who might very well decide to randomly kill her. 
“I have my reasons.” He said simply. He turned his head to look at the angel statue and a frown crossed his face. It was the first time she had seen him show any sign at displeasure. Somehow it made him seem more normal, more… human. 
“Your protector hasn’t showed up yet.” He said suddenly. Selissa frowned in confusion before realizing that he was talking about Alassane.
She scoffed annoyed. “I can take care of myself.” She realized how childish that had to sound. If it hadn’t been for Alassane, she would have been very dead last time she faced Ardeth. 
 “I bet you can.” He didn’t even sound sarcastic. “And for your own sake, let’s hope so.” 
He looked at her intently. There was some emotion in his dark eyes that she couldn’t decipher. “I wouldn’t trust him after all.” 
“Trust who? Alassane?” She asked, eyebrows creasing in confusion. 
His lips stretched into a grin. “I have to get going, princess.” He said and turned to leave. “But I guess I will be seeing you soon…” 
He started to walk away, and Selissa briefly entertained the idea of attacking him while his back was turned. She sighed when she realized that it probably wouldn’t help her anyway and watched him leave silently instead. Who was he to say who she should or shouldn’t trust anyway? 
She frowned. She really didn’t get him. The first time she had met him, she hadn’t even been able to walk away by herself from the encounter. But this time he didn’t even seem to care that the Demios wanted her. Or rather, wanted Cadeyrn. 
She would give everything she owned to have her life make sense for once. 
She shook her head and sighed. Lingering would do her no good. She shot the statue of Cadeyrn one last look, before turning around and started walking back to the place she had left Alassane. 
Cadeyrn’s presence had faded into a faint echo in the back of her mind, but she could still feel him with her. Everything about this place seemed to enhance her connection with him. She closed her eyes thoughtfully. She could take advantage of that…
She wouldn’t let Ardeth’s unexpected appearance rattle her. She quickened her pace, excited to tell Alassane that she had decided. 
She found him sitting on a pile of rock that had previously been part of the temple roof. He was staring absentmindedly into the air while smoking a cigarette. He looked up when he heard her approaching. 
“Did you find what you were looking for?” He asked her. 
She considered telling him about Ardeth, but decided against it. That was not important. 
“I did.” She said quietly. 
He threw the rest of the cigarette on the ground and put it out with his foot. “Then where do you want to go from here?” He asked her. She smiled at his question. For the first time since she had left the place she grew up she knew what she wanted to do. What her next course of action needed to be. 
“I want to stay here.” She said. “I want to learn to control Cadeyrn’s powers.” 

28
The training was intense. The magic an archangel possessed was far more powerful than anything a human body was ever made to withstand. Trying to draw it out was an enormous strain on her body.  
Being at his temple helped her connect with Cadeyrn, but the effort she had to put in to use his abilities was still tremendous. She wondered if mages had this much trouble when they first learned to control magic. If so, she didn’t envy them. 
For the last week, she had trained constantly from sunrise to sunset. The first few days, all she managed was a few bursts of magic, but now she was able to summon it at will. The problem was that she could only uphold it for short periods of time, before running out of energy. 
She sat down heavily, gasping for breath after once again trying to keep the magic flowing. Her muscles were burning with the strain of drawing out that much power and she knew she wouldn’t be able to keep it up much longer. 
She put her head in her hands as she tried to remember what she had done while fighting against Nadesha’s illusions. 
She remembered fear. Fear of dying by the hands of the Demios. 
She sighed in defeat. She couldn’t use fear to anything. 
She looked up when she heard footsteps approaching. Alassane was walking towards her with his hands in his pockets, looking like he didn’t have a care in the world. 
“Unless you want to kill yourself, you should cut yourself some slack.” He said casually as he stopped in front of her. 
“As I am now, I don’t stand a chance against them.” She sighed. She closed her eyes in thought. “And I don’t have much time, do I? It won’t be long before they come here…”
His lips stretched into a frown. “No…” He said. “They won’t waste their time.” 
“Then I need to be ready.” She said determined. She couldn’t count on Alassane to save her every time. She had to be able to hold her own. 
She stood up and prepared herself to try again. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. She felt the magic flow through her body and tried to ignore the feeling of exhaustion that spread with it. 
She opened her eyes and focused on a dead tree on the other side of the yard. She raised her hand, trying to keep it from shaking. Her entire arm was surrounded by a pure white glow.
She took aim and released the energy coursing in her arm. Blinding light rushed through the air and blasted against the tree. The dead wood gave in, and the trunk plummeted to the ground. 
Selissa collapsed to her knees in fatigue. She breathed heavily as she studied her handiwork. 
“At least you can control it now.” Alassane commented behind her. “It was rather pathetic watching you work so hard, while nothing happened.” 
She ignored him. “When I fought Nadesha, it didn’t exhaust me to use his power…” She said thoughtfully. “Rather it refreshed me. Why does it wear me out so fast now?” 
Alassane seemed to consider that. “Back then, the power was flowing freely instead of you drawing it out.” He said slowly. “It’s the power of an archangel you’re using. It’s far too powerful to be contained by a human.” 
She turned her head to look at him. “What do you mean?” She asked confused.
He sighed. “I mean that right now, you and Cadeyrn are two separate beings. But he’s part of you, and the sooner you accept that, the better. His power needs to be your power, before you can reach its full potential.” 
“I see…” She was not quite sure she actually did see, but she was willing to give it a try. She closed her eyes and felt for Cadeyrn’s presence inside her. Alassane was right… She could always feel him with her. He was part of her, and she needed to stop thinking of him as someone who was merely a voice in the back of her head. 
She slowly got to her feet. Her body was crying out in exhaustion, but she ignored it. She would not be limited by a human body. 
ℓ
For three days she kept on training. It got easier and easier for her to draw out her magic power, but she still couldn’t keep it up for longer amounts of time. 
The yard she used as a training area looked like an immense hurricane had passed through. Trees and pillars laid scattered across the already mostly collapsed temple yard. She was slowly starting to be able to control the amount of energy she released at a time, but it had required sacrifices.
She stood in the middle of the destruction when she saw Alassane enter the yard. 
He had wisely decided to stay out of sight, while she was causing havoc. He only checked in to make sure she hadn’t killed herself. Or caused the ceiling to collapse on top of her…
“It seems like you need some new targets…” He said as he surveyed the fallen trees. 
“Are you offering?” Selissa asked with a smirk. She would definitely not be opposed to that idea.
He glared at her, but chose not to comment. He kicked some rubble out of his way as he crossed the yard and sat down beside her.
“If you keep going this way, you’re going to bring the whole damn temple down on us…” He scoffed at her. 
She opened her mouth to retort, but was interrupted by a huge tremor shaking the earth. She stumbled and would have fallen if Alassane hadn’t grabbed her arm. 
“That wasn’t me, you know…” She said shocked. Maybe he was right about the temple coming down on them. 
The tremor continued, and she clung to Alassane’s arm to keep her balance. “An earthquake?” She asked and looked at him.  What she saw in his face gave her the answer. 
The look on his face was hard as he spoke. “No…” 
That was all he managed to say before the tremor increased, and the ground started to crack open. 
Confusion turned to horror as Selissa watched the earth being pushed aside and pale, bony arms with rotten skin claw their way out of the ground. 
All around them corpses started fighting their way to the surface. Scrawny, decayed bodies surrounded them together with the stench of death. Empty, lifeless eyes watched them without emotion. 
One of the corpses closest to them staggered forward and Selissa saw a muddied rosary swinging from its neck. Her throat closed up, as she realized they were surrounded by the lifeless remains of the sanctuary’s former residents. 

29
The stench of rotten flesh was choking her. Deformed bodies were slowly moving towards them, and horrible, deranged snarls were erupting from throats where the vocal chords had long since rotten away. 
“What is happening?” She asked Alassane, hating her voice for sounding so weak. She stepped closer to him as the lifeless bodies slowly started closing in them. She watched as some of them collapsed to the ground as their decayed limps scattered under them, only to have several others crawling over them in their quest to get closer. 
She stood frozen in horror as one of the abominations reached out for her with long, bony fingers. 
“Don’t just stand there!” Alassane shouted as he sent a blast of blue flames towards the corpse. With an inhuman scream, it burned and fell apart, its fingers mere inches away from her face. 
“Are you just going to wait for them to rip you apart?” He asked as he summoned up more flames, until his arms were covered with it. “Isn’t this what you have been training for?” 
His voice snapped her out of terror-induced trance. “I didn’t exactly expect this.” She exclaimed. Another corpse stumbled closer to her, and she kicked it in the face. The skull broke right off the neck and the rest of the body fell apart and ended up in a heap on the ground. 
Alassane sent a sea of blue fire towards the approaching cadavers and incinerated half the circle that had formed around them. 
Distorted screams rose from the crowd of dead bodies, and burning body parts fell to the ground.
Selissa felt relief flood her as she watched them fall, but it was short-lived. Where the other had fallen, twice as many started crawling from the ground. 
“Where are they coming from?” She asked, her voice rising in panic. Alassane gritted his teeth.
“Someone is raising them…” He said and blasted another group of corpses away. They had barely hit the ground, before more rose to replace them. 
“A necromancer?” She asked disbelieving. She had heard townspeople speaking about those in hushed voices, but she had never met anyone with such a gruesome power. But then again, she had never been surrounded by living corpses before. 
“He must be hiding somewhere nearby…” He said. “Behind you!” 
She swirled around, but wasn’t fast enough. Fleshless fingers grabbed her leg and tried to drag her into the crowd of mindless acolytes. She started kicking furiously to get it off, but it tightened its grip. The bones of dead fingers tore painfully into her skin, and she hissed sharply. 
Alassane came to her rescue and kicked it sharply in the side. Its frail bones scattered, and the remains flew away from them. The grip on her leg didn’t loosen however. 
She looked down to see the hand still attached to her leg. Only the hand. 
She bent down and tore at the fingers that literally had her in a death grip. The fingers were embedded in her flesh and they tore the skin open when she ripped them away. 
Disgusted, she threw the dead hand away from her. Blood was running down her leg, but she didn’t have time to worry about that. 
For every one that had fallen, several more had risen. They were going to be overrun soon if they didn’t do something. 
She took a deep breath and let energy flow down her arm. She could only pray it was going to work. 
‘Let it flow freely.’ Cadeyrn’s voice sounded in her mind. ’Let it be part of you.’
Part of her… She let the magic flow through her body, letting it embed itself in every muscle, every nerve. It pumped through her like adrenalin and empowered her instead of draining her. 
Alassane continued to magically slay the corpses, but he couldn’t get them down as fast as they appeared. 
‘You’re ready.’ That was all the confirmation she needed. The sky illuminated with a blinding white light as she released a major blast of energy. It tore away at the corpses until there was nothing but the dust of bones left. 
The entire area was emptied within seconds. Even the ground was still, no more dead people deciding to get up from their eternal sleep. 
She turned to Alassane to see if he was unharmed, when a voice cut through the air. 
“Very impressive.” It said. A man stepped out from the shadows. His face was hidden under his cloak, but Selissa still felt a flash of recognition. Memories of cloaked men and chanting voices shot through mind. Memories of something she had thought was just a dream. 
“You have grown very powerful since the last time we met.” He came closer, slowly leading a hand to remove the cloak from his face. The black tattoo came as no surprise, but she hadn’t expected the deep scars that covered the rest of his face. A grotesque pattern of long-since healed wounds marred his skin and made him look only slightly more human than the creatures he had raised. It looked like someone had taken a knife to his face and cut through every inch of skin, until not a single piece was left unharmed. 
“Though I hadn’t expected you here…” He addressed Alassane this time. “It seems like I’m not the only one with a talent for raising the dead…” 
Selissa looked from the scarred Demios to Alassane. They knew each other? And what did he mean with the last time he met her? 
“What’s the matter, Selissa?” The man asked scornfully. “Don’t you remember me?” 
She sneered at him. “How do you know my name?” She asked. She knew she knew this man, but she didn’t know from there. 
“So they sealed away your memories together with the archangel’s powers…” He said thoughtfully. “Then I guess I will have to introduce myself all over again.” 
He stepped a bit closer, while watching her with cold, grey eyes. She could feel Alassane stand tensely behind her.
“I’m Ilyan. And I’m—“
“—the leader of the Demios.” Selissa finished for him. 

30
The scarred man before her was the leader of the Demios. The leader of the clan that wanted to kill her in order to bring a demon that wanted to bring suffering to humanity back to earth. Him being a necromancer was oddly suiting. His bizarre ability fit perfectly with the darkness of his mind. 
Fragments of chaotic memories surged through her head. She had met this man before and somehow gotten out alive. She could do it again.
Without warning she flung a blast of magic at him. He didn’t have time to move, and the white magic spread like fire over his body.
She watched intently, expecting his body to burn, only to see it disperse like smoke. 
“Did you expect it to be that easy?” Selissa swirled around, trying to locate the voice. It sounded like it was coming from all around her. 
“An illusion… That girl Nadesha must be with him.” Alassane explained. 
Another illusion… “So we have no way to know what is real?” She asked. This was not looking good. 
“And no way to know where they’re hiding…” Alassane added. He was just about to say something more, when the ground started shaking again, this time far harder. Both of them stumbled to keep their distance, when cracks started appearing everywhere. 
Suddenly they were everywhere. Rotten bodies dragged themselves from the ground and staggered towards them like mindless minions. 
There had to be hundreds of them. They stumbled over each other, not standing back from ripping each other apart to get past. It didn’t seem to lower their numbers though. 
She started blasting away at them, but it was like shooting arrows into a crowd. A few might fall, but the rest still kept storming at you. 
Alassane’s efforts didn’t have much effect either. Blue and white lights flew through the air, but the amount of corpses coming towards them didn’t seem to lessen. 
Hands started clawing at them, ripping into flesh. Selissa kicked desperately at them, but nothing hindered them.
“Do you still insist on pretending, even while standing in front of death?” Her head shot up at the sound of Ilyan’s voice. The Demios leader was standing on top of one part of the roof that hadn’t already collapsed. 
She ripped a dead arm away from her and used it to bash in another corpse’s head. She frowned in confusion at his comment, until she realized he wasn’t talking to her. 
Alassane sneered and shot blue flames towards him, but he merely dispersed like the last time. 
“What is he talking about?” She shouted frustrated. A mangled body crawled towards her, its legs ripped apart.  It grabbed her leg, ripping and tearing at the flesh. 
She kicked at it furiously to shake it off, but another grabbed her foot and pulled. 
Involuntary, she let out a scream as she lost her balance and was pulled to the ground. She heard Alassane shouting at her, but she was too busy struggling against the hands that pulled and ripped at her from all sides. 
She tried to summon up the energy to blast them away, but they pinned her arms to the ground. 
The more she struggled, the more they clung onto her. They dug into her skin and ripped at her until she felt the blood flow from her wounds like rivers. 
The only thing she could think was that she was going to die. She faintly noticed that she was screaming, all the while trashing against the rotten hands holding her down.  
Alassane was still shouting, but she couldn’t make out what he was saying. The corpse holding down her left arm suddenly burst into blue flames and released her with a strangled sound. 
With one free arm, she tried to twist herself away, but the grip of the others was too strong. She screamed as she heard the bones in her right leg break. She tried to kick away the ones holding it, but found that she couldn’t move it. 
Just as she started to give in, a powerful feeling started overwhelming her. The feeling of massive amounts of magic power being released. 
She felt the lifeless bodies holding her down freeze, obviously reacting to the pressure of the magic. 
She twisted her neck to look at the source, and her eyes widened at what she saw. 
Alassane was standing in the middle of the crowd of undead, surrounded by immense magic flames.  The soft blue color had changed into an acidly green, but it was not the flames that held her eyes. 
She watched in horror as Alassane’s skin started melting off his bones, revealing only the stark whiteness of his skull. His eyes started rotting away and the empty sockets filled with the same green fire as the one surrounding him. 
Skin and flesh melted of his body, until nothing but the skeleton was left. 
She watched as the abomination that had once been Alassane lifted its long, fleshless fingers towards her. The white bones started glowing green as magic surrounded them. Selissa didn’t even see him move, before the entire area was burning in a sea of green. 
Everywhere guttural snarls erupted as the living corpses got devoured by green flames. The hands restraining her released her abruptly, as the bodies staggered back, strangled screams escaping them as they burned. 
Despite nothing holding her down, Selissa found that she couldn’t move. She laid petrified, staring in mute horror at the terrifying creature in front of her.
“Are you happy now?” The snarling voice was so different from Alassane’s, but the tone was exactly the same. She felt sick when she finally realized that this being really was Alassane. The Alassane that, despite all his secrets, she had always believed to be human. 
“Finally showing your true colors, I see.” Even at the sound of Ilyan’s voice, she couldn’t bring herself to turn around to look at him. Her mind was as numb as her body and somehow, nothing of this seemed to be important anymore. 
She felt her body shaking, but she didn’t care. She wanted nothing more than to cover her eyes and ears, and pretend nothing of this was real, but she couldn’t. 
The green flames had started dying out now when there was nothing more to burn. The ground had stopped shaking and no more rotten remains tried to pry themselves from the grips of their graves. 
“It’s time to end this.” The strangled sound of Alassane’s voice said. She watched as green light started spreading like a wildfire and soon it was all she could see. It seemed to be everywhere, but it went around her, like she was surrounded by an invisible wall. 
She heard a frustrated scream, and she immediately recognized the voice. He had found Nadesha.

31
The fire died down, and Selissa could finally see what was happening. 
The illusion had broken, and she saw Ilyan and Nadesha facing Alassane at the other end of the yard. Nadesha was badly burned, and her eyes were wild with fury. Ilyan was standing a bit back, appearing to be unharmed. 
Her head was spinning, and she was not quite sure what happened next, except that fighting broke out between the three of them. 
She seemed to finally have gotten control of her body again, and she clumsily attempted to drag herself away. She had no intention of getting in the middle of this. 
Out of the corner of her eyes she saw rapid movements and blinding green lights, and she heard the angry screeching of Nadesha. 
Awkwardly, she pushed herself to her feet. Her right leg was still not responding and when she looked down, she had to fight down the urge to throw up. 
The flesh was ripped apart, making her leg resemble something from a slaughter house. It was broken in several places and was hanging limply in an unnatural angle. 
She staggered to the wall, so she could support herself against it. The claw-like marks on her arms were stinging, but it was nothing against the pain in her leg. 
Suddenly she heard a piercing scream. She turned her head just in time to watch Nadesha throw herself in front of Ilyan, just as a blast of green flames was about to hit him. Selissa watched as her body fell limply to the ground. Even from where she stood, she could see Nadesha’s eyes stare lifelessly into the air from where she lay on the ground. 
She could not hear what was said, only watch as Ilyan picked up the Nadesha’s limp body and held it closely to his chest. She could see his lips move, but she had no idea what his last words to Alassane were, before he disappeared into the darkness of the temple corridors.
The blood loss was making her light headed, but she fought to keep upright. She wanted to run when she saw the skeletal form of Alassane approach her. 
The flames in his eye sockets died out and pale skin slowly started stretching across his face as he came closer. Eyes started growing back and the look in them was apologetic.
“Selissa, let me explain…” He said quietly as to not scare her. 
“Get away from me!” She screeched. She backed away as quickly as she could with her wounded leg, but she still had to support herself against the wall.
Alassane’s appearance had now returned completely to how she remembered him, but the image of stark white bones was burned into her mind. She could never look at him the same again. 
“Please just calm down and let me explain.” He begged. She had never heard him beg before.
He stepped a bit closer and she snapped. “I said get away from me!” She shouted and sent a ray of magic towards him. It hit him square in the stomach and sent him flying to the ground. It hadn’t been enough to seriously injure him, but he still didn’t try to get up.
“I have had enough, do you hear me?!” She yelled. Fear, frustration and fury surged through her, and she felt angry tears run down her cheeks. 
“I don’t care anymore!” She shouted, letting out all the frustrated feelings she had locked away the last few months. “I don’t care about demons or angels! I don’t care about rituals or a symbol that supposedly makes me special!”
Alassane opened his mouth to protest, but Selissa didn’t want to hear any of it. “You’re just as bad as any of them! I don’t even know what you are!” Her throat was getting sore, but she kept yelling. “I’m done here! I’m done with all of this and I’m done with you! You dragged me into this without telling me anything and now you’re on your own!” 
Her fury seemed to melt together with the magic coursing through her body. White light shot out from her hands and seemed to circle around Alassane. It wrapped itself around him and held him down.
Her fury was numbing the pain in her leg and the flow of magic kept her going. She turned around and started to walk away, deaf to Alassane shouting her name. 
She didn’t look back even once.

Several Weeks Later
32
She was surrounded. Red eyes watched her from the shadows, beast like faces snarling at her from everywhere. Claws ripping into her, trying to tear out her very soul. 
The sound of giant wings beating. Angel wings... 
A grinning face without skin, burning with the fires of Hell… The sound of screams piercing through the air…

Selissa woke with a start, the scream dying on her lips. Her body was shaking slightly, and when she looked at her hands, they were covered in cold sweat. 
She was no stranger to nightmares, but she couldn’t pretend they were merely dreams anymore. 
She threw away the covers and swung her legs over the edge of the bed. Long, white scars met her eye as she looked down at her leg. The wounds had long since healed, but the pain was still a vivid memory. 
The morning sun was peeking in through the window and bathing the inn room in a soft light. She went to the window, not even bothering to get dressed, and threw it open. The cool morning air washed over her and helped her calm her racing heart. She took in a deep breath, letting it clear her head, before turning to get dressed. 
After pulling on her clothes, she made her way downstairs and smiled shakily at the elderly innkeeper. He was an old man who had trouble walking, so he let her stay at his inn for free in exchange for her running errands for him. 
“Good morning, my dear.” He said as she came down the stairs. “Slept well?” 
As much as she hated lying to him, he didn’t need to worry about her. “Just fine, Elias.” She told him smiling. “Do you have anything I need to help out with today?” 
“The brewer needs to get his payment for the last shipment today, so I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to bring it to him.” Elias said apologetic. Selissa couldn’t help smiling at him. Even though he let her stay there free of charge, he felt bad for asking her to go to the other end at town. 
She told him it was no problem and accepted the payment for the brewer, before leaving the inn. She looked back at it over her shoulder as she walked away. She had stayed there for a few weeks, and she knew she had to leave soon. 
She sighed resigned. She had just started liking Elias. All the more reason to leave.
She hadn’t heard anything of the Demios since the encounter at the temple of Cadeyrn, but she wasn’t naive enough to believe they had given up on her. 
After she had left Alassane, she had briefly considered returning to the temple of Issara, but she knew she would only bring the people there in danger. From now on, she was on her own. 
She forced her dark thoughts from her mind. She wouldn’t get caught up in it again.
‘You can’t run forever.’ She gritted her teeth in anger.
“Shut up! I want nothing to do with you!” She sneered, earning her several alarmed looks from passing people. “Just leave me alone…”
Cadeyrn’s presence faded away, but kept lingering in the back of her mind. No matter what she did, she couldn’t pretend he wasn’t there. 
She tried not to let her bad mood show as she entered the brewery. 
The brewer was a grumpy, middle-aged man. She had only met him a couple of times, but he had already made it clear that he didn’t like her. At all. He made an annoyed huff, when he saw her enter.
“What are you doing here, gal?” He asked surly and scowled at her. Selissa merely smiled at him. 
“I’m here to deliver the payment from Elias.” She said calmly. Being around Alassane had really done wonders for her temper. She felt her face turn grim as his name popped into her head, and she immediately plastered a fake smile onto it. She was not going to think about him…
The brewer grabbed the bag of coins from her hand without a word. He grumbled quietly to himself as he counted the content. He looked up at Selissa, who was standing silently in the doorway when he was done. 
“What are you standing there for? Get out!” She supposed that meant that she didn’t need to bring any messages back to Elias, and she silently slipped out the door. 
With nothing more to do, she started to make her way back. Deciding to take a short cut, she strayed from the main road and went into one of the side alleys. 
The small alleys were deserted, and the sounds from the busy main street quickly disappeared as she made her way through them. The town was run down like so many other Sinarian towns near the border, and most people didn’t want to venture into the small roads and away from the crowd. 
She understood why when she heard muted footsteps behind her. She didn’t slow down, and she didn’t look over her shoulder, but she knew someone was following her. 
More sets of footsteps joined in, and she knew she was in trouble. 
She picked up her pace slightly and turned abruptly into another side road. Maybe she could shake them off…
She kept on changing direction, hoping that they would lose track of her. However, the sounds of footsteps didn’t stop. 
A couple of men stepped into the street in front of her and blocked her path. The look in their eyes told her clearly that they weren’t just passing by. 
She turned around, only to discover several more men closing in on her from behind. 
This couldn’t possibly be good. 
ℓ
She was surrounded and unarmed. In no way her ideal situation.
Seven to one. Selissa admitted to herself that she might have a slight disadvantage. But there was no way she was going down without a fight. 
“So, are you going to give us what you have, or are we going to do this the hard way?” One of the men asked. She scoffed. He had no idea what the “hard way” was in her world. 
“I don’t have anything for you. Go find someone else to play with.” She said and stared at him as calmly as she was able to. He stiffened for a moment when he looked into her silver eyes, but he quickly tried to cover up his uneasiness. 
“Nah, I think we would rather play with you…” He sneered and drew a short sword. She made a mental note to never go anywhere without her swords again. 
He signaled the others, and one of them charged at her with a drawn sword. She spun out of his reach, before kicking away his feet from under him. The thug fell to the ground and impaled himself on his own sword, a strangled scream dying in his throat.
One of the others let out a roar of rage, before slashing at her with a long knife. He received a kick in the stomach for his troubles and went flying into one of his comrades. 
That left four. The others had clearly figured out by now that they should start taking her seriously. They went at her at the same time, weapons drawn. She managed to dodge the first hit, but the second got through her guard and slashed her arm.  A third hit her in the jaw with a punch and she heard her bones make a disgusting, creaking sound, as she staggered and fell to the ground.
The thugs laughed and spit on the ground next to her. “Not so tough now, are we?” One of them gloated. She tried to get up, but one of them immediately kicked her down again.
‘Let me help you.’ Selissa sneered angrily. 
‘I don’t want your help.’ It would be so easy to finish off those lowlifes. Just a small amount of power, and she would be able to blow them into bits. But she was done with him. She didn’t want anything to do with him or his power.
The energy flowed through her, begging for her to release it. She clenched her teeth stubbornly and refused, even as the thugs continued kicking her. One of them raised his sword to strike, and she braced herself.
Thud. The thug fell to the ground unconscious, his sword clattering to the ground beside him. The others turned in shock, momentarily forgetting Selissa. 
“Don’t you think it’s a little unfair to gang up on a woman?” Her eyes widened in shock. She recognized that voice. 
She looked up to see Ardeth sitting casually on a roof top. She didn’t know what he had thrown, but she suspected it was something that was normally supposed to stay a part of the skeleton. 
“Do you want to die, punk?!” One of the men shouted furiously. Ardeth merely grinned.
“As if you could kill me.” He said grinning.

33
With a speed that shouldn’t have been humanly possible, he ripped out a long, sharp bone from his arm and chucked it at the nearest man. It hit its target square in the throat and the thug fell lifelessly to the ground. Selissa scrambled away when the man landed next to her, bone sticking out of his neck. 
Ardeth jumped down from the wall effortlessly and landed gracefully barely ten feet away from the other men. He had barely straightened from his kneeling position, before the other men were over him.
And barely had the thugs moved, before the first one went sailing through the air.  A long bone was sticking out of his stomach. 
The action stunned them long enough for Ardeth to take out the last one with a kick in the face. A sickly, crunching noise told her that it had broken his nose. 
The two men Selissa had knocked of their feet earlier had recovered and were now trying to surround him. They went at him from both sides, trying to outnumber him. 
They didn’t even stand a chance. He fought like it took no effort at all. He moved out of their way too fast for even a single swing or kick to hit him. 
In no time at all, they were both lying on the ground, unable to move. She watched petrified, as Ardeth slowly walked closer to them. From his palms slid two long bones and she had an unpleasant feeling she knew what he was going to do.
He stopped next to the two men and ripped the bones from his hands. She clenched her eyes shut as he plunged the bones into their chests, but that didn’t prevent her from hearing the slashing sound as they went through the flesh. Horrible screams rung through the air, but died out within seconds.
She opened her eyes slowly to view the carnage around her. Bloodied bodies were lying all around her, and Ardeth was standing casually in the middle of it all, as if he was just taking a stroll through the area. He looked at her, like he suddenly remembered she was there.
“Are you alright?” He asked calmly, like he hadn’t just slaughtered six people. 
She stared at him incredulously, before opening her mouth to spit out some scathing reply. Instead she got a blinding pain in her jaw. She felt the metallic taste of blood in her mouth as she tried to get the words past her lips. She cradled her jaw gently, but kept her eyes on Ardeth.
He knelt down next to her and looked at her curiously. She froze in fear, when he touched her jaw gently. All she could do was stare mutely at him as he looked at her thoughtfully. 
“I think it’s dislocated…” He said slowly as if it was utterly fascinating to him. “I never have that problem…”
She tried to wrap her head around the bizarre situation. He was fascinated by her bone structure?
She tried to back away from him, but a sharp pain shot through her ribs. One of them must have cracked when the thugs were kicking her. 
She stumbled back, clutching her ribcage in pain. Ardeth was watching her calmly. 
“You won’t be able to walk like that…” He said and stood. She tensed and watched him warily. What was he going to do to her?
He bent down and to her surprise wrapped his arms around her and picked her up. She hissed slightly in pain as she had to move her ribcage, but the pain was nothing against the fear she felt. 
Despite the searing pain, she started to struggle, but his grip didn’t loosen. He leaned closer to her and whispered softly in her ear. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
She didn’t know why, but she relaxed at the sound of those words. She had absolutely no reason to trust him, and somehow she still knew he wasn’t lying. 
He started walking, carrying her like she weighted nothing. His pony-tail fell over his shoulder and tickled her face, but he didn’t seem to notice. 
“Why are you doing this?” She managed to get out, despite the pain in her jaw. 
He looked at her confused. “Doing what?” He asked.
“Helping me...” She said. He looked at her thoughtfully.
“Do I need a reason?” He finally asked.
“Yes.” She said simply. She could feel the rumble that went through his chest as he laughed quietly. He didn’t answer her. 
She faintly noticed that they had entered the main street. She heard stunned whispers break out all around them as they passed by. 
Despite herself she laughed at the absurdity of it all. A tall man, bearing the Mark of the Cursed, carrying an injured woman, both covered from head to toe in blood. What a sight they had to make.
Ardeth didn’t seem to care about all the people staring, because he walked on like everything was completely normal. To him, it most likely was. 
She barely noticed them arriving at the town’s clinic, before Ardeth kicked the door open. He walked in, ignoring the protests of the nurse.  
“She needs medical treatment.” He said simply. Selissa actually snorted in amusement. From all the blood, it would probably seem a little obvious. 
The nurse was just about to start protesting again, when he sent her a long look. That was all it took for the woman to be quiet and lead them to an empty room. 
He put her down on the empty bed and the nurse immediately started checking her injuries. 
Selissa turned to look at her, as she started to ask a string of questions. When she looked up again, Ardeth was gone. 

34
She stayed in the infirmary for almost three days, but didn’t see or hear anything from Ardeth. The nurse who had greeted them had asked a lot of questions about the blood-covered man who had brought her in, but she had told her she didn’t know him. If she had explained the real relationship between them, she would probably have sent her to the asylum instead.
Elias had come to visit her, and she had given him a very mild version of what happened. The old man was already worried enough as it was, he didn’t have to know about the massacre that had taken place. 
The little town had no healers, so she had to recover naturally. After less than a day, she had gotten restless. The sterile room with pure, white walls in the infirmary made her uneasy, and she was not fond of being confined to a bed. 
The doctor had finally told her she could leave and she couldn’t get out fast enough. 
Elias had been kind enough to bring her some clean clothes, and she threw them on before leaving the clinic in a rush. 
The fresh air smelled wonderful after the antiseptic smell inside. Despite the fact that her ribs still hurt, she breathed in deeply and filled her lungs. Her dreary mood lifted a bit, and she decided to stay in town for a while to enjoy being free to go outside again. She was badly in need of some new clothes anyway, since she seemed to have developed a habit of getting them ruined. 
Thanks to Elias letting her stay for free, she still had some money saved up, so she could afford spending some on refreshing her very lacking wardrobe. 
She ignored the sellers’ odd looks when she requested men’s clothes. They would not wonder as much if they had tried fighting in a skirt. 
A few hours went by before she decided to make her way back. She had managed to fill an entire bag with clothes and she silently prayed that she would be able to keep those from being shredded to pieces.
The afternoon sun was casting long shadows over the town and the first vendors were beginning to pack up their goods. 
It didn’t take her long to get to the inn and she entered the dark lit room, where the first customers had slowly started arriving. 
She couldn’t see Elias anywhere, so she went upstairs to her room. She fumbled after her key and finally managed to locate it, before unlocking the door. 
Opening the door, she fully expected to see her room just as she had left it. The bed with the hideously brown sheets, the old dresser to the left and the wobbly nightstand with the just as wobbly lamp. 
What she wasn’t prepared for was the Demios sprawled across her bed. Possibly naked. He was lying on his back, hands under his head and the blanket draped across the lower half of his body. 
Maybe she should have expected it. Her day had been way too peaceful after all. 
She was faintly aware of her bag dropping to the ground, but her brain was too busy trying to figure out exactly what was going on. 
The part of her mind that usually consisted of her survival instincts told her to be afraid and run. A more logical part told her that if he had been coming to kill her, he probably would have done so fully dressed. 
Unable to make sense of the situation, she just stood paralyzed at the door. Finally she collected herself enough to burst out the only thing she could think off. 
“What the hell are you doing?” She deadpanned. She realized it maybe wasn’t the smartest remark, but it was the best she could handle at the moment. 
A lazy smirk spread across his lips. He slowly sat up and leaned back on his arms. Her eyes flickered to his chest where strong muscles rippled underneath the skin and then down to where the blanket had fallen around his waist.  She felt a hot blush creep up her neck and her eyes shot back to his face. It wasn’t that she had never seen a naked man before. She had just never seen anyone like Ardeth.
He tilted his head and smiled charmingly at her. “What does it look like I’m doing?”
She blinked a few times. “It looks like you’re lying in my bed…” Her eyes wandered briefly to the blanket that was dangerously close to slipping. “…Naked.” 
“Mmm.” He murmured smiling. 
“How did you even get in?” She asked, before thinking about it. “No, wait, I don’t even want to know. Get out. Now.” 
“That would really defeat the purpose of me breaking in here to begin with.” He said calmly.
Selissa took a deep breath to prevent herself from breaking into hysteria. She had a mass murderer in her bed. A naked, unbelievably attractive mass murderer.
Focus, She told herself sternly. Nothing about this guy made sense. First he tried to kill her, and then he decided to save her life. And then this. “What are you after?” 
His eyebrows shut up and he looked down at his naked chest. He looked up at her amused. “I thought that would be fairly obvious…” He said suggestively. 
She was not in the mood to play games. “No… Why are you doing this?” She asked frowning. “One time you’re dead set on spilling my guts on the ground, another time you suddenly decide to save my life. Why?”
He watched her calmly and ran a hand through his long hair. She noticed that it wasn’t tied into its usual pony-tail, instead spilling loosely down his chest. “Would you rather I tried to bring you to them?” He asked. 
“You’re avoiding the question.” She said. She noticed he said them. Just as that time at the temple, he didn’t seem to consider himself one of them. Despite presenting himself as a Demios the first time they met. 
“Maybe I am…” He said simply, not offering any explanation. 
Selissa watched him coolly. She sighed and went to look out the window in an attempt to clear her head. “If you don’t intend to make up your mind, get out.” She said. “I don’t need this…” 
She heard him get up and come to stand behind her. His proximity made her uneasy, but she reasoned with herself that if he was going to hurt her, he would have already done so. 
“They are going to come for you, you know…” He said quietly.
She didn’t turn around. “They?” She asked. “Aren’t you one of them?” 
He was silent for some time. “Not everything is cut in stone.” 
She swirled around to face him. “You’re just not going to give me a clear answer, are you?” She sighed. She suddenly realized how close he was standing. She had to crane her neck to look him in the eyes and their chests were almost touching. She looked down and noticed that he had bound the blanket around his hips. For the sake of what was left of her sanity, that was probably a good idea. 
“Now where’s the fun in that?” He asked jokingly and grinned at her. His face was only inches from hers and suddenly she found it hard to breathe.
“I’m going to go talk to the innkeeper. When I get back, I want you to be gone.” She said as calmly as she could. She pushed at his chest lightly, ignoring the feel of rippling muscles under her hand and went to the door. She went downstairs without looking back, praying that he would be gone when she got back to the room.
He was.

35
Sleep didn’t come easy that night. Every time she was about to drift off, images of corpses and skeletons would appear behind her eyes and she would be startled awake. 
She put her head in her hands and took a shaky breath. Ardeth’s appearance had made it all rush back, ruining her attempt at pretending she would be able to live a normal life.  
She lay awake until she saw the first rays of light begin to shine through the window. Sighing, she gave up and got up. She got dressed and slipped out quietly, careful not to wake anyone. 
The streets were almost empty, only a few vendors preparing to open their shops. She walked aimlessly down the street, enjoying the quietness of the morning. 
But of course it didn’t last. 
For once, her reaction to seeing him wasn’t fear, but pure exasperation. 
“Can’t sleep?” He asked when she approached the place where he was leaning casually against a wall. His black hair was tied so it covered most of his face and hid his tattoo, giving him a slightly less intimating appearance to people who didn’t know it was there. 
“How did you know?” She asked sarcastically. 
“Because you’re awake.” He said simply. 
She couldn’t really argue with that, so she walked on in the naive hope that he wouldn’t follow.
Of course she wasn’t that lucky. 
He trailed after her with his hands in his pockets. “So this is how you’re going to spend your days?” He asked. “Hiding away in some measly, little town?”
“It’s none of your business.” She said as calmly as she could. She didn’t want to admit that his words stung. She could tell herself over and over again that she wasn’t hiding, but that didn’t make it true.
“Maybe not…” He said slowly. “But someone has to tell you.” 
She turned around abruptly and sneered at him. 
“Leave me alone! It’s not my problem anymore!” She said angrily. “I was dragged into all this without knowing anything! I don’t care anymore.” 
He watched her with absolute calm, despite her outburst. “Do you really think you have a choice?” He asked quietly. 
“There’s always a choice.” She said, even though she wasn’t sure she believed that anymore. 
“Not for you.” 
She wanted to cry and scream in frustration. The truth in his words cut through her like a blade and cut down whatever delusions she had managed to make herself believe in.
“What do you want from me?” She asked defeated. “Tell me.” 
He took a hold of her chin and forced her to look at him. “I want you to fight.” He said seriously, some unknown emotion shining in his dark eyes. “You’re better than this.”
She felt her anger slowly disappear at the honesty of his words. 
“Why do you care?” She asked softly. “I don’t understand you.” 
He smirked at her. “Not everything has to have a reason.” 
“Well, I have lived most of my life without a reason for anything. For once, having a reason would be nice.” She said. She had never had a reason why she couldn’t remember anything from her childhood. Or why she had that symbol on her back. Just for once, she wanted to know the reason behind something that was happening to her. 
More people had started crowding the streets and a lot of curious looks were shot their way.
She realized what they must look like. They were standing so close to each other, talking so seriously. Like lovers making up after a quarrel. 
She stepped back, suddenly feeling embarrassed. Self-consciously, she brushed her hair behind her ear and looked away.  
“People are watching us…” She said softly. 
Ardeth looked around as if he only now noticed that people were watching them curiously. 
“So?” He asked and shrugged a bit. 
“I think they’re misunderstanding the situation…” She said slightly embarrassed. She wasn’t sure why she suddenly felt so self-conscious, but for some reason it bothered her. 
Ardeth grinned when he realized what she meant. Before she had any time to register what was happening, he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her close. To her horror, he leaned forward and planted a kiss on the side of her mouth. 
Horrified, she felt her face burning. “What are you doing?!” She shrieked and pushed him away. 
“Giving them something to look at.” He grinned. 
“It’s not funny.” She hissed. 
“I beg to differ…” He said as he looked at her red face. 
The seriousness of their conversation seemed to have dissipated into thin air, so Selissa turned to leave, still blushing from embarrassment and anger. 
She heard Ardeth laugh quietly as she walked away and she considered throwing something at him, but thought better of it. Change in attitude or not, he was still the person she had seen ruthlessly kill seven men. With his own bones. 
Though she was still fuming, she absentmindedly noted that it was the first time in weeks she had felt anything but numb. 

36
Her mornings just seemed to get better and better. 
Even though she had finally managed to get some sleep, she was not quite happy with the sight she woke up to. 
Ardeth was sitting casually on her windowsill, as if it was completely normal for him to be there. She buried her head in her pillow and let out a long, suffering groan. 
“How long have you been sitting there?” She asked, her voice muffled by the pillow. 
In her mind she could practically see him shrug before answering. “For some time, I guess.” 
She removed her head from the pillow, mostly because it was getting hard to breathe. 
“Some people would be disturbed by having someone watch them sleep, you know…” Especially by less than stable men, who could pull their bones from their bodies.
“You don’t like me very much, do you?” He asked slowly and looked at her thoughtfully. 
She sat up suddenly and glared at him. 
“Well, I’m sorry!” She said sarcastically. “Could it have something to do with you leaving me bleeding on the ground the first time we met or that you’re working for someone who wants to kill me?” 
When he didn’t answer, she threw the covers aside, not caring about modesty and got up. She grabbed some clothes and started to get dressed.
She could feel him watch her silently. Normally she wouldn’t care about anyone seeing her dressed in nothing but her underwear, but she still felt chills run down her spine at the feeling of Ardeth’s eyes on her.  
She was just about to pull her shirt over her head, when he spoke.
“I don’t really care about the Demios’ intentions.” He said quietly. His admission made her pause and she looked over her shoulder at him. She had suspected that ever since their meeting at Cadeyrn’s temple, but hearing it from his own lips still surprised her.
“When why do you still work with them?” She asked. 
He leaned back and looked out the window thoughtfully as he considered the question.
“A sense of purpose, I suppose…” He said slowly. “Somewhere to belong.” 
Selissa felt herself soften at his words. She knew that feeling all too well. 
She looked at the tattoo on his cheek and thought back to the townspeople that had shunned Nadia. Was that how he had lived all his life?
She wanted to ask him about it, but it felt too personal. Instead she opted for something she had wondered about for some time now.
“How many of you are there?” She asked. She had seen four of the Demios’ members by now and one of them was no longer alive. Knowing how many was left would be a great help.
“It differs.” He said and turned his head to look at her. “Eight or nine, at most. Most of them don’t last long.” 
She pulled her shirt on and turned to face him fully. 
“What do you mean?” She frowned. None of the Demios she had met went down easily. 
“Ilyan likes to… perform experiments.” He said and watched her closely for her reaction.
 Nausea washed over her. She could only imagine which kind of experiments he was talking about. 
“Experiments? On the Demios members?” She asked slowly, afraid of the answer. “Why?” 
“He is obsessed with the idea of freeing Azarial. The only sure way to do that is to acquire Cadeyrn’s powers.” He explained. “And since he hasn’t been able to do that, he has tried other ways to break the seal. And since some of us possess great magical powers, he has tried to use them as substitutes.” 
“And they died.” She guessed.
“Gruesomely.” 
She shuddered, trying not to imagine it. She sat down on the bed and tried to calm her thoughts.
“So if they get me, they can complete the ritual and break the seal?” She asked. 
“If all goes well, yes.” He said. She looked up at him confused.
“What do you mean?” She asked.
“They tried with the last host. His body wasn’t strong enough to contain the power, so he died before the ritual was complete.” He explained. 
She nodded mutely. That made sense. After all, she had almost collapsed by forcefully drawing out just a little portion of Cadeyrn’s power. To forcefully release it all at once would surely be more than a human body could handle. 
“How long ago was that?” She asked quietly. He shrugged.
“Fifteen years or so. I wasn’t around back then.” He said. 
“Do you know the name of the host?” She asked. She was curious. She knew there had been others before her, but she didn’t know anything about them.
“Are you sure you want to know?” He asked hesitantly. 
“Why would I care? It was fifteen years ago.” She said. She couldn’t have been much more than five years old back then and it was not like she could remember anything from back then anyway. 
“You should have found out by now that the dead don’t always stay dead.” He said smirking. 
She had no idea what he was talking about, but she had a feeling she wasn’t going to like it. 
“I can only tell you what I have been told…” He said. “But as far as I know, the last host’s name was Alassane.”
Selissa was glad she was already sitting down. 
“What?! You can’t be serious…” She said shocked. It couldn’t be… 
She recalled the image of Alassane’s burning skeleton form. Was he really an undead? More important, was he the one who had been Cadeyrn’s former host? It just couldn’t be.
“It’s true.” Ardeth said, watching her calmly. There was nothing in his voice that suggested that he was lying to her. 
She felt herself shaking. It all came as a shock, but at the same time a lot of things suddenly made sense. 
The first time she had met Alassane, he had felt familiar because of Cadeyrn’s memories. He had been protecting her, because he was just as involved as she was. 
“So he’s really not human?” She asked quietly. She still had a hard time believing it. 
“No… He’s not.” He said. “The only reason why he could appear human and still had his free will is because he was raised by divine magic, not necromancy.” 
All the things he hadn’t told her… And still she had followed him blindly for as long as she did. 
“That filthy, lying son of a—“ She spat furiously. She stood up and started pacing rapidly. 
 “Calm down or you’re going to wear a hole in the floor.” Ardeth said as he watched her pace back and forth. 
“I’m just so sick of everyone lying to me.” She said resignedly as she stopped and slumped down on the bed again. Ardeth watched her thoughtfully.
“I’m not lying to you.” He said honestly. 
She looked at him and almost laughed at the irony. The only person she could actually trust to be truthful to her, was a man she had once been sure was going to kill her. 
That didn’t bode well for her.

37
During the following days, Selissa slowly started to get used to Ardeth’s presence. 
He stuck around and would always appear when it suited him. It still made her uneasy that she didn’t know why he was there, but as he had said himself, it was not for sure that he actually had a reason. Only sane people needed a reason for doing something after all. 
“Are you really content with running errands for some old fool who might keel over and die any minute?” He asked as they walked down the street. She was currently putting in orders at the local stores for Elias, and somehow she had ended up with a tag-along. 
“As I have told you countless times already, it’s none of your business.” She said as she checked her list. She only needed to go to the butcher and she was done. Of course, Ardeth wasn’t making her work easy. 
His tattoo might be covered by his hair, but that didn’t stop him from attracting attention. People would literally stop and stare when he made his way past them, and he didn’t even seem to notice. 
She discreetly looked at him out of the corner of her eye. She had to admit that even if you hadn’t seen him rip out his shoulder bone, he was someone you took notice of. 
Alassane had been taller than her, but Ardeth practically towered above her and everyone else. And there was no way she could deny he was attractive.
It was something she was beginning to notice more and more as she spent time with him. 
At first she had been acutely aware of him because he frightened her. Now she was still acutely aware of him, but because of an entirely different reason. 
It wasn’t that she was completely new to such feelings. But whatever brief affairs she had had, it had always been with harmless village boys. Safe… This was anything but safe.
She nodded along absentmindedly at something Ardeth said, even though she hadn’t registered the words. 
“What’s wrong?” He asked, obviously having noticed that her thoughts were somewhere else. 
Startled out of her musings, she smiled at him. “Nothing’s wrong. Just lost in thought, I guess.” 
He looked at her appraisingly. “That’s good.” He said. “Because we might have a problem soon.” 
Shocked, she looked at him. “What kind of problem?” She asked warily. To people like them, a problem wouldn’t be something trivial, like not making it back before dinner. A problem meant that someone was going to get hurt. And she had an eerie feeling it was going to be her.  
“We should get out of the streets, or he is going to attack us here.” He said and looked around. He looked thoughtful as if he was trying to figure something out. 
“You would mind these people getting hurt because they got in the middle of it, wouldn’t you?” He asked slowly as if he wasn’t quite sure why anyone would care.
“Yes, I would mind!” She hissed. “And in the middle of what?” 
She blanched when she thought of the possibilities.
“Don’t tell me the Demios are here?” She asked. She felt panic bubble in her chest at the thought.
“Aiken…” He muttered slowly. He placed a hand on her back and gently pushed her along.
“If you don’t want any of them involved—“ He nodded towards the passing townspeople. ”We better get out of the town fast.” 
She didn’t argue and obediently followed him as he started to make his way towards the town gate. Somewhere in the frantic mess that was her thoughts, something occurred to her. 
“Wait, are you going to fight him?” She asked shocked. Was he really abandoning the Demios?
“Why not?” He shrugged, but kept going. “I’m stronger than him.”
A million questions flew through her mind, but she asked only one.
“Why?” Why do you choose me over them? Was the one she really wanted to ask, but couldn’t.
He glanced at her, but didn’t answer. 
The guards at the gate barely spared them another glance as they walked past them. They were barely out of sight, before a deep voice greeted them.
“You should really reconsider where your loyalties lie, Ardeth.” Aiken was sitting calmly on a large rock, watching them thoughtfully. The red of his hair shone brightly in the light, but it didn’t seem to heat up his cold demeanor. 
Ardeth only smirked at his words. “I know perfectly where my loyalty lies, Aiken…” He said calmly. “It’s where it always has. With myself and no one else.” 
A cold smile crossed Aiken’s lips. “You might come to regret that.” He said. Ardeth wasn’t fazed though. 
Selissa decided to break up their little reunion.
“You might as well back off. You don’t stand a chance against the both of us.” She said. She hoped that was true. Ardeth might have said he would fight with her, but he was known for changing his mind. And she was still reluctant to use Cadeyrn’s powers. But Aiken didn’t know that.
Aiken chuckled lowly and without any amusement. “I didn’t say I came here to fight you, did I?” 
She stiffened and she felt even Ardeth tense in surprise. 
“Then why are you here?” She asked warily. He hardly just came here to say hello. 
“I’m here to tell you that it would be smart of you to surrender yourself to us.” Aiken said. He was smiling secretly, as if he knew something she didn’t.
“And why would I do that?” She asked scornfully. 
His smile widened and she shifted uneasily. 
“Well, your priest friend is not quite used to the rough treatment he gets and might not last long if you don’t come to us.” He said. 
Her eyes widened. Calen…
It couldn’t be anyone else. But how did they know?
She gritted her teeth in anger. Had they really taken him to get to her? Or were they just bluffing?
“Why would I believe you?” She asked slowly. Just the thought that they were torturing Calen because of her tore her up inside.  
Aiken reached into his pocket and pulled something out. He threw it at her and it landed on the ground before her feet. 
With trembling hands, she bent down and picked it up. The long silver chain slid through her fingers and she clenched her eyes shut as she saw the pendant covered in blood. 
She remembered Calen showing her the Issara pendant proudly when he first became a priest. It was his dearest possession, and she knew he would never voluntarily have given it up.
It was all the proof she needed to know that Aiken was telling the truth.
“You bastards…” She sneered. “He has nothing to do with this. Let him go!”
“We have no interest in him.” Aiken scoffed. “If you come with us, we will let him go.” 
“So you can let losoe a demon that will probably kill thousands of people?” She asked incredulously. 
“It’s your choice.” He said and stood up to leave. “We will be waiting.” 
She watched him leave petrified, unable to say another word. 

38
She hugged her knees to her, trying to stop the trembling. She had been sitting on the bed in the dark inn room for what felt like hours. Ardeth hadn’t said a word since they arrived. He merely stood leaning against the wall, watching her silently. 
“They’re never going to stop, are they?” She asked. She tried to sound strong, but she knew he heard the slight shake in her voice. She felt like crying, but she couldn’t allow herself to fall apart now. 
“No. They’re not.” He said softly.
“I hate this.” She said. “People are getting hurt because of me and there’s nothing I can do about it.” 
She got no answer and she didn’t expect one. Against her will, she felt hot tears begin to run down her face and drip down onto the blanket. 
“It’s like one of those bad dreams where you can’t wake up.” She said quietly, nearly choking on the tears that now seemed to run freely.
Ardeth moved from where he was standing and sat down on the bed beside her. He moved uneasily, clearly uncomfortable with the situation. 
“I’m not good at this.” He said suddenly and his admission shocked her so much the tears stopped running. 
She looked confused at the dark-haired man who was looking anywhere but at her. The realization that this man, who she had seen slaughter several full grown men without even batting an eyelash, was unnerved by crying women seemed hilarious to her, and she let out a laugh despite the dire situation.  
Ardeth jerked away in surprise and looked at her as if she had grown another head. The utterly confused look on his face only made her laugh harder.
“I’m sorry.” She managed to get out as she finally calmed a bit. “I’m just—“ 
She shook her head slightly, a few giggles escaping her. She suspected that she was getting a bit hysterical because of the stress of the situation. 
Ardeth still looked highly alarmed by her sudden mood swing, but nonetheless settled down on the bed again. 
She finally calmed down from her sudden outburst and the gravity of the situation hit her again. She leaned her head against Ardeth’s shoulder and looked thoughtfully into the air. 
“What do you want to do now?” He asked softly. Selissa thought about it before answering.
“I want to save Calen.” She said. 
“That might not be so easy…” He answered. 
“I know.” She said. An idea was starting to form in her head and she realized it was the only thing she could do. “That’s why we have to find Alassane first.”
ℓ
They left the town that night, long after everyone had gone to sleep. She didn’t say goodbye to Elias. It seemed better that way.
She wondered briefly if her life was ever going to be something that resembled normal again. Here she was, once again on a wild goose-chase with a man she wasn’t sure she could trust.
Despite the situation, there was something comforting about the feeling of her swords strapped to her back. Though she was never going to admit it to him, Ardeth had been right. She hadn’t been content with living such a mundane life. But for a short while, she had thought it was what she wanted. 
“So… Where are we going?” Ardeth asked casually. 
Well, that was the big question. Going to find Alassane had seemed simple enough when she had thought of it, but there was just one problem… She had no idea where to look.
“To be honest, I don’t know.” She admitted reluctantly. Where did you go to find an undead guy? Graveyards? A morgue? 
“I left him at Cadeyrn’s temple, but it’s been weeks since then. He could be anywhere…” She said. 
“Well, that’s good to know.” Ardeth said. He didn’t really seem to care that she had no destination whatsoever in mind. 
“Ardeth…” She said slowly. “Does the Demios have any place where they meet up? Somewhere to go to get their orders or the like?” 
He looked thoughtfully into the air. “Not really…” He said. “Mostly we receive orders by messengers.” 
“I see…” She said. Well, that plan was shot down then.
“But Ilyan has a mansion up north… I believe it’s where the ritual is going to take place.” He said and looked at her. 
She considered that. “So it’s probably where they are keeping Calen too…” She said. 
“Probably, yes.” He agreed. “But what does that have to do with your undead friend?”
“He’s not my friend.” She said, surprising herself with how angry she sounded. She might need his help, but he was still the bastard who had lied to her and deceived her for so long. 
Ardeth’s only reaction to her small outburst was the raising of his eyebrows and Selissa sighed, before focusing on what was important right now.
“If I understand all this right, Alassane’s mission was to prevent the Demios from capturing me and completing the ritual.” She explained. “So since he’s not with me anymore, he might be going for the Demios themselves.”
She noticed that it was some time ago she had last associated Ardeth with the Demios. Now it was he and them. She knew it was wrong of her to trust him, but she didn’t really have any other choice. 
“So you think he might be going for the mansion?” He asked.
“I don’t know, but it’s the best I have at the moment…” She said hesitantly. For all she knew, Alassane could be back in his grave, where he belonged. His job had been to protect her and she no longer wanted his protection. 
“So we’re heading north?” He asked simply.
“We’re heading north.” She agreed. 

39
She asked for Alassane in every town they passed through. Luckily Alassane’s sickly figure was easily recognizable, so she knew if someone had seen him, they would remember him.
Occasionally, someone admitted to have seen him, but every time it had been weeks ago. The people who had spotted him were few and far between, and she wasn’t able to figure out where he was going. She only knew that he had been in the area a long time ago. 
They had just left another town where no one seemed to know anything. Exhausted, Selissa threw herself on the grass in the clearing where they had set up camp. 
While traveling, they had mostly opted for sleeping outdoors. In one of the first towns they had been in, Selissa had attempted to get an inn room. The innkeeper, however, had noticed Ardeth’s mark and promptly told them to get out of his inn. She had hurriedly dragged Ardeth away, trying to explain to him that it wouldn’t be acceptable for him to murder the innkeeper. 
“This is hopeless.” She sighed as she relaxed against the ground. She would have given everything to lie in a soft bed, but for now she decided to settle for the next best thing. 
“I could have told you that.” Ardeth said as he lay down beside her. His hair was loose and it sprayed across her arms. Absentmindedly, she grabbed a piece of it and let it run through her fingers. 
“I wish this could all just be over…” She said softly. 
Ardeth raised himself up on his elbow and looked down at her. 
“What would you do if it was all over? Go back to the temple where you grew up?” He asked.
She lay down on her back, letting his hair slide from her hand. She watched the sky thoughtfully as she pondered his question.
“I don’t think so… It’s never really been home to me.” She said. “Maybe travel… Not because I need to or because I’m running for my life, but just travel… See new places.”
He smiled down at her. “Sounds nice.” 
She made an agreeing sound, but didn’t say anything. Part of her wanted to ask him what he would do, but she was afraid of the answer she might get. For all she knew he might just wander from town to town, stabbing random innkeepers. 
She wondered how he had come to be like that. She didn’t understand his total disregard for human lives, but she knew he had to have lived a tough life. 
She rolled to her side and looked thoughtfully at him. She carefully placed her fingers against his cheek, tracing the tattoo there. He lay completely still and watched her intently. 
“How did you get this?” She spoke quietly. 
He closed his eyes and leaned into her touch slightly. He was silent for a while before speaking.
“I was eleven. The blacksmith of the little town I grew up in had seen me pull a bone from my wrist, when I was playing at the lake.” He said softly. There was no emotion in his voice and Selissa wished she could know what he was feeling. If he was feeling anything at all.
He slowly opened his eyes and looked at her. “When I got home, he had gathered most of the townspeople and brought them to our house.” He continued. “They were yelling and my mother tried to calm them down. She was crying.” 
Selissa kept quiet, but continued to cradle his face in her hand. 
“When they saw me, it got worse. My mother tried to prevent them from getting to me, but they didn’t care. When she refused to move, they started beating her. They kept on hitting her until she stopped moving.” 
She felt tears run down her cheeks, but he continued to speak as if his own words didn’t affect him at all. 
“They dragged me through the town. I let my bones grow out to cover my skin, so they couldn’t hit me. They had four full-grown men restraining me, as they tattooed the mark on my face.” He said. “In the end, it wasn’t enough.” 
She slowly let her hand fall from his face. “Did you kill them?” She asked.
He watched her. “Yes.” He said simply. 
Tears continued to stream down her face. Ardeth looked at her curiously.
“Why are you crying?” He asked softly. 
She smiled sadly at him. “Because someone needs to cry for you, when you can’t.” She answered. 
He watched her, confusion clear in his eyes. She guessed he had never had anyone show compassion towards him and didn’t recognize the feeling. 
He slowly raised his hand to her face and brushed away the tears from her cheek. He looked into her eyes intently.
“No one has ever cried for me before…” He said softly. She smiled at him and laughed softly.
“There’s a first for everything.” She said. 
He slowly leaned closer to her, and she felt her heart catch in her throat as she realized what he was doing. His hand slowly made its way to her neck, where it gently held her head in place. 
She knew she should be pushing him away. This was in every way a bad idea, but the logical part of her was strongly overruled by the part that wanted to kiss the man in front of her. 
She closed her eyes as she felt his breath ghost over her lips. She could hear blood rushing in her ears, making her slightly light-headed.
She was not sure what happened next, but it definitely wasn’t what she expected. 
Before she was able to register what was happening, she was thrown to the ground by Ardeth’s sizable body weight. They tumbled to the ground in a tangle of limbs. 
She was just about to start yelling at him, when something massive hit the grass in the exact spot they had been in before.
She looked in shock at the creature in front of them. It had to be at least three times the size of a wolf and instead of skin or fur, it was covered in scales. Its jaws were big enough to easily engulf her head and massive fangs were protruding from them. 
And it was snarling at them. And drooling. 
“What the hell is that?” She asked horrified. Ardeth didn’t answer her immediately, but pulled them both to their feet and stepped in front of her protectively. Bones shot out from his arms and shoulders and covered him like a bizarre armor.
“A Devourer… It must have tracked us down.” He said and kept his eyes on the beast. It returned his stare, or at least she assumed it did. She was not quite sure it actually had eyes or if they were just hidden underneath the scales. It growled at him lowly, but kept at a distance as if it was assessing him first. 
“Devourer?” She asked warily. It certainly looked like something that devoured unfortunate travelers that got too close. “Great, it’s going to eat us…”
“Nah.” Ardeth dismissed her easily. “Just you.”
She stared at him. “What?” She asked dismayed.
He smirked at her over his shoulder. “Devourers feed on magic. You’re probably a feast to them.” 
“My, isn’t that just flattering?” She asked sarcastically. 
“They’re demons who can sense magic. They must have tracked you down.” He explained. His eyes flickered across the forest clearing. “And maybe you should know this…”
“What?” She asked.
“They travel in packs.” 

40
Snarling, scaly beasts started stalking out from the shadows of the forest. Low, animalistic growls erupted all around them, and Selissa wrinkled her nose in disgust when she saw large drops of drool fall from their mouths. 
“Stay behind me.” Ardeth said. “They will go for you.” 
She opened her mouth to say that she was not some damsel in distress who needed to be protected, but in the same moment one of the demons slammed its jaws together with a loud, snapping sound. She promptly shut her mouth, deciding she could handle being protected just this once. 
Ardeth reached out behind him, so his palm was facing her. She watched as a sharpened bone slowly slid out of the palm towards her. 
“Take it.” He said. “Magic won’t work against them, so use it until you can get to your swords.” 
She stared uneasily at it, but her swords were currently just inches away from one of the beasts’ feet, and she didn’t fancy the idea of being completely defenseless against a horde of demons. 
She grabbed the bone and it slowly slid all the way out, leaving only a few drops of blood in Ardeth’s palm as the wound healed. 
She tried very hard not to focus on the fact that she was actually using his bone as a weapon and turned her attention to the demons. 
They had begun circling them, obviously trying to find the easiest way to get around Ardeth. One of them took the chance and leapt at her, but Ardeth was too fast and quickly sent it flying by kicking it in the stomach. It made a loud, yipping sound, like a kicked puppy, as it rammed into a tree. It slid to the ground, where it lay twitching, but didn’t get up. 
One of the others started howling and the rest soon joined in. Piercing howls resonated through the forest as the beasts started creeping closer, all the while snarling and growling. 
Selissa leaned closer to Ardeth to whisper in his ear. “Maybe they will run away if you throw them a bone?” She suggested. He shot her a look over his shoulder that clearly showed that he was not amused by her joke. 
Another one wanted to try its luck and ran at them. Swift as lightning, Ardeth ripped a bone from his arm and chucked it at the creature. It penetrated its forehead, and the beast collapsed mid-leap and fell to the ground lifelessly. 
That seemed to be the last straw. Several enraged howls sounded, before all the beasts charged at them at once.
Ardeth moved swiftly, stabbing demons left and right, but one of them managed to get past him in the flay. Shocked, Selissa held up the bone Ardeth had given her to block the attacking demon. With a sharp snap, its jaws clamped down around the bone, preventing its teeth from sinking into her instead. But despite avoiding its deadly fangs, the blow from the collision sent both her and the demon tumbling to the ground. 
The demon landed up top of her, its greater weight pinning her down. She gripped the bone with both hands, keeping its head away from her. Large drops of drool fell from its mouth and dripped down on her shoulders while it struggled against her. 
It tore and ripped at the bone with its teeth, but Selissa held on to it with all her strength, desperately trying to push the beast away.
When it realized it couldn’t use its jaws to chomp down on her, it started swiping at her with long clawed paws. Two enormous claws protruded from each paw, and she hissed when one of them cut into her arm, ripping a long open wound in her skin. 
Keeping both fangs and claws at bay was an almost impossible task, and she struggled to free herself of its grip. 
Suddenly, she heard Ardeth shout at her.
“Move!” 
She didn’t need to be told that twice. Gathering all her strength, she rammed a knee into the beast’s stomach and managed to throw it off her. She rolled to the side quickly before it had a chance to get a hold of her again. 
She had just gotten out of the way, and then Ardeth was over it. The creature didn’t even have time to react, before he jammed a sharpened bone through its head. It twitched slightly in dead cramps, before it stopped moving altogether. Blood so dark it was almost black started gathering in a pool under its crushed head. 
She slowly got to her feet, clutching her injured arm. The wound was deep, but not serious, so she tried to ignore the pain that shot through her arm. 
“Thanks.” She muttered breathlessly. She had been a little too close to ending up as demon food for her liking. She looked down at herself and noticed disgusted that she was covered in drool. 
“Gross…” She muttered as she attempted to wipe some off her shoulder.
Ardeth laughed silently as he checked to see if any of the demons were still alive. They were scattered around the clearing as flies and once again, Selissa found herself impressed by his fighting skills. It had taken him less than a minute to disable all of them, all the while she had been struggling with one. 
She watched as one of the beasts slowly got to its feet, its head lowered and small, whining sounds erupting from its throat. 
Ardeth slid another bone from his wrist, ready to kill it off, when an idea struck her.
“Wait!” She said and scurried towards him. He looked at her oddly, bone still raised over the demons head. 
“What?” He asked confused. 
She bent down next to the demon. “Just trust me…” She said.
The demon looked at her and whimpered pathetically. It reminded her of a big dog. A big dog with scales and fangs the size of long knives…
She carefully reached a hand towards it and concentrated on summoning up a bit of magic. She hadn’t used any magic at all since she had split up with Alassane, but somehow it still came to her naturally. 
Pure white magic filled her palm and she held it out to the demon. It watched her warily, before slowly reaching forward. It opened its mouth slightly and stuck a long, thin tongue towards the white light. It slowly started sucking away the magic, until all of it was gone and all that was left was her empty palm.
“Why are you feeding it?” Ardeth asked incredulously. 
The demon made a pleased sound, somewhere between a roar and a purr. It stood up fully, but made no move to attack or run away. 
“You said they could track magic, right?” She asked Ardeth slowly. She carefully touched the hard scales on the Devourer’s head. The long tongue darted out and licked her hand. 
“Yeah… So?” He asked, still not following. 
She turned her head towards him, still petting the demon. 
“Alassane is a powerful sorcerer. It should be able to track him down for us…” She explained. 
He looked at her like she had just suggested they invited Ilyan and his undead army for tea. He shook his head in disbelief. 
“It might be peaceful right now when it’s hurt, but it’s going to turn on you at some point.” He said. “So unless you like the idea of getting eaten, I don’t think it’s a good idea.” 
She knew he was right, but it might be their only chance to find Alassane. An idea formed in her head, but she didn’t know if it was going to work. 
She felt for Cadeyrn’s presence. Can I do this? She asked him silently. She got her answer by the feeling of power that surged through her. 
She placed her palm against the demon’s forehead. She closed her eyes and allowed the magic to flow into the beast and possess it. It sat absolutely still, paralyzed by the spell. 
She opened her eyes and removed her hand. On the demon’s forehead a shining white symbol had appeared. The exact same symbol as was covering her back in long black lines. It shone white with magic for a few seconds, until it faded away to a faint mark carved in the scales. 
“What did you do?” Ardeth asked curiously. The demon sat down, but didn’t move otherwise. 
Selissa smiled, happy with her work. “I subdued it. From now on, it’s a servant of Cadeyrn. And therefore, of me.” 
“Not bad.” He said. “Not bad at all.” 
She petted the Devourer’s head gently, before rising. “Now let’s go find that undead bastard.” 

41
The Devourer, who Selissa had named Kurt to Ardeth’s absolute horror, proved to be a major advantage. Thanks to the link she had established between it and the archangel, it instinctively knew who to search for, as Alassane was as connected to Cadeyrn as she was. 
Of course they had to avoid the towns as much as possible now. They couldn’t very well show up with a demon in tow. Selissa wondered absentmindedly what the punch line would be if a girl possessed by an angel, a Demios and a demon walked into an inn. She decided that she really didn’t want to know. 
She sighed as she watched the Devourer sniff the air. Finding Alassane couldn’t go fast enough. In the days they had spent looking, the Demios could have done all kinds of unspeakable things to Calen. 
She knew they wouldn’t kill him. He was their trump card, so they would keep him alive for as long as possible. But there was a lot of things they could do to him that were far worse than dead. 
And if anything happened to him, it would all be her fault. And she would never forgive herself for that. 
She remembered all the times he had stood up for her. She wondered if he would still have protected her if he knew what he would get himself into later. 
She laughed to herself. He probably would have. Calen had always been the kindest and most unselfish person she knew.
She would not let him down. 
“We’re nearing a town.” Ardeth commented. 
She had not noticed, being deep in thought, but now she could see the houses that lay cluttered ahead. 
“Yeah, we will go around it.” She said and raised her hand. The symbol on the demon’s forehead started glowing and she willed it to pass by the town. To her surprise though, it didn’t change direction, but sat down and howled in protest. 
“What’s wrong?” Ardeth asked as he looked at the Devourer. “Your little magic tricks aren’t working anymore?”
“No…” She muttered. “It’s not that.” 
‘You found him.’ Cadeyrn whispered. 
“Yeah, we did.” She answered out loud, causing Ardeth to send her a strange look. 
“Care to fill me in?” He asked with raised eyebrows. 
She turned and smiled at him. “He’s in this town.” 
“Let’s go then.” Was the only reaction she got. 
She turned to the demon and raised her hand towards it again. 
“Stay here.” She said.  It obediently lay down and rested its head on its paws. 
She turned to follow Ardeth, who was already walking towards the small town. 
“Are you sure you want to talk to him?” He asked when she caught up to him. “I could just go in and knock him out, then drag him along. You wouldn’t have to deal with him at all.” 
Selissa suppressed a smile. By Ardeth’s standards, that was being really sweet. But even though she was tempted to accept his offer, she knew she had to face Alassane sometime. 
“Thanks.” She said. “But I’ll be fine.” 
He looked unconvinced, but let it go. 
The guards looked at them suspiciously when they passed through the town gates, but didn’t make any move to stop them. 
Selissa had prepared herself for searching the entire town to find Alassane, but almost immediately after crossing into the town, it turned out to be unnecessary.  
They were just passing the town’s inn, when she heard shouting from inside. It sounded very much like a brawl was about to break out. 
She shot a look at Ardeth, and they entered just in time to see a bulky man grab a very familiar person by the collar. 
“You think you’re so smart, huh?” The man snarled at Alassane.  Alassane didn’t seem fazed, despite the fact that he was practically hanging by his collar. 
Several other men were standing around them, looking enraged. They were clearly ready to beat Alassane up at any moment. So Alassane did what he always did when he attempted to fix a problem. He made it much worse.
“Considering the company, yes, I would say I’m the more intelligent person in the room.” He said calmly. Selissa resisted the urge to bang her head against the wall. 
The man holding him let out a furious growl and raised his fist to punch him. However, the movement caused him to release Alassane with the other hand and before he knew it, Alassane was behind him and kicked his legs out from under him. The man fell to the ground, his bulky frame hitting the floor heavily and causing him to slam his head into the wood.
The action quickly caused others to join in the fight. Soon, fists were flying through the air and tables and chairs were being knocked over. Men were falling over each other to get to Alassane who somehow managed to keep out of reach. 
Selissa sighed and rubbed her forehead in exasperation. Normally, she was the person who started brawls. She didn’t usually break them up, but it seemed like she had no choice this time. 
She tried to reason with the men closest to her, but no one seemed to have time to stop and listen to her. After several failed attempts, she got fed up.
“Everybody shut up!” She yelled at the top of her lungs and finally got a reaction. People stopped moving and turned to stare wide-eyed at her. 
“Better.” She said when she got their attention. “Now get out!” 
One of the men stepped closer to her and sneered at her. He was not that much taller than her, but about twice as wide and he tried to use that to intimidate her. She was not impressed.
“This is none of your business, woman.” He said condescending. “Maybe you should stop interfering.” 
Selissa’s eyes flared. He had no idea who he was dealing with. 
“It is my business.” She said coolly. “If anyone is going to beat up that man, it’s going to be me.” 
He let out a scornful laugh and grabbed her chin roughly. He had barely touched her, before a hand shot forward and grabbed his wrist in a death-grip. 
“Don’t touch her.” A cold voice said. She turned to look at Ardeth, who was looking at the man with a murderous look in his eyes. 
“And what are you going to do about it, pretty boy?” The man laughed, but she didn’t miss the nervous tinge to it. 
Ardeth stepped closer to him, still holding his wrist tightly. He was far taller than him, and the man swallowed nervously when he towered over him. 
“What I’m going to do about it?” Ardeth asked softly, deadly calm. Bones shot out from everywhere on his arms and torso like great white spikes. The man’s eyes widened in fear and shock at the sight. 
“You still want to fight me?” Ardeth asked smirking. The man immediately let go of her and started scrambling away. Ardeth let go of his wrist and allowed him to flee the room. 
He looked around the room, where people were watching slack-jawed in shock. 
“Anyone else have something they want to say?” He asked softly. His question seemed to jolt them into action and they were suddenly in a hurry to get out. Ardeth grinned pleased at the reaction. 
“You okay?” He asked Selissa and looked her over. 
“Yeah, I’m fine.” She said. She turned around, looking at Alassane, who was watching them warily. 
“Well, this is a surprise…” He said slowly. “As always, it’s some interesting company you ke—“ 
He didn’t get to finish his sentence because in that moment Selissa punched him in the face with enough force to knock him to the ground. She looked down at him while rubbing her knuckles. 
“That felt a lot better than it should have…” She said to herself. She heard Ardeth chuckle behind her, but chose to ignore him. She stepped closer to where Alassane was lying on the floor and frowned down at him.
“Get up.” She said, her voice slightly harsher than she intended. “I need your help.”

42
“My help?” Alassane asked as he stood. He was rubbing his face where a big, purple bruise had already started appearing. “You didn’t want it before.” 
Selissa scowled at him. “Don’t get me wrong. I still want nothing to do with you.” She said. “You are nothing more than a lying low-life and I would like nothing more than to never have to deal with you again. Unfortunately, things don’t go my way.” 
Alassane watched her calmly, despite her harsh words. “What do you want from me?” 
She lowered her eyes. “They have Calen.” She said. 
She watched realization dawn on his face. “Your priest friend?” He asked slowly, trying to place the name. She nodded and led a hand to the pendant she had taken to wearing around her neck. 
“I’m going to free him. And I need your help with that.” She said, leaving no place for him to refuse. 
“You’re going to do exactly what they want you to do?” He asked incredulously. “They want you to come to them!” 
“Don’t you think I know that?” She asked angrily. She knew very well that she would have to play by their rules, but she didn’t have a choice. 
“Do you still not realize the consequences, if they catch you?” He asked seriously. “If they complete the ritual, we won’t be able to stop them.” 
“Then come along and make sure they don’t.” She said calmly.  
“You’re really going to do this…” He said. 
“Yes. And you’re coming with me.” She knew he wouldn’t refuse. Protecting Cadeyrn’s host was the only thing that mattered to him, and he knew she knew that. 
He looked into her eyes and saw the determination there. With a resigned sigh, he nodded. 
ℓ
They had left the inn hurriedly, before the townspeople returned with reinforcements. Alassane had followed them without protests, but that didn’t stop him from shooting dirty looks at Ardeth.
“Do you mind explaining to me how you ended up with the demon spawn here?” He asked. Ardeth sent him a mocking grin. 
“What’s wrong?” He asked scornfully. “Don’t like the fact that you have been replaced?”
Alassane scoffed. “Didn’t you try to kill her?” He shot back. “Hardly the best company.” 
“And you’re better?” Ardeth’s grin was showing too many teeth. “I think being with me beats traveling around with a dead guy.” 
Alassane opened his mouth to retort, but Selissa had had enough.
“For the love of Shi’Laran, shut up!” She yelled. They both stopped and looked at her surprised.
“Stop acting like children!” She said frustrated. Their constant bickering and male egos were driving her insane. “If you want to beat each other up, go ahead. I don’t care. Just stop it!” 
They both looked like they were going to protest, but she shot them a look that had even them shutting up. They kept glaring at each other, but followed her in silence. 
She closed her eyes and felt for the Devourer’s presence. It was still where she had left it, and she called it to her through the magic link. It might have fulfilled its purpose and tracked down Alassane, but it might still be useful. Besides, it was bound to her, and it was kind of nice to have someone who obeyed her every command. It was tempting to try the spell on the two brooding men behind her, but she figured that might count as power abuse. 
“How far is there to Ilyan’s mansion?” She asked Ardeth. He visibly brightened at her talking to him again. She rolled her eyes and resisted the urge to smack him, when he shot Alassane a triumphant look. 
“We should be able to get there in less than a day.” He said. 
She nodded silently. In her opinion that wasn’t fast enough, but it would have to do. She would give anything to know if Calen was alright. 
Her anxiety must have shown on her face, because Ardeth looked at her in that uncertain way he always did, when things got too emotional. 
“Hey…” He said softly. He reached for her hand and squeezed her fingers hesitantly. “I admit I don’t understand why it is so important for you to save this guy. In my opinion, he would probably be better off dead.” 
He looked at her with an intensity that almost made her stop dead in her tracks.
“But since it is important to you, we will get him out alive. I promise you this.” 
She looked at him in surprise. It was the first time Ardeth had cared about anyone’s life, even if it was only for her sake. And the fact that he cared because she cared made some unfamiliar emotion spread in her chest and she wasn’t quite sure what to make of it. She settled for sending him a confused smile.
“I really don’t understand you, Ardeth.” She said gently. “But thank you.” 
He led her hand to his lips and gently kissed her knuckles. “My pleasure.” He said with a playful smirk before dropping her hand. 
She laughed at him, trying to ignore how cold her hand felt after he let it go. She had almost completely forgotten about Alassane, when he cleared his throat. 
“And what exactly is the plan, when we arrive?” He asked, sending them both a look that clearly said that they better stop whatever they were doing. Selissa bit her lip in embarrassment, but willed herself not to blush. 
“Get in, get the priest and get out.” Ardeth said as if it was the simplest thing in the world. Alassane scoffed in disdain. 
“So you’re just going to barge in? Why not just jump off a cliff, if you’re so willing to die?” He said sarcastically. 
Ardeth let a few bones shoot out from his fingers and watched them thoughtfully. “I can make a shield over my skin with my bones… I’m not sure jumping out from a cliff would actually kill me.” 
Selissa tried not to laugh at Alassane’s expression. They had to be the oddest group that had ever come into existence. “What Ardeth is trying to say is that we don’t have a plan.” 
“Well, that is comforting.” Alassane said, sarcasm lacing his every word. She ignored him. She couldn’t really give him anything better than that. 
A low growl sounded behind them, and she turned to see the Devourer catching up to them. It ran to her side, and she stroked the scales on its head affectionately. She was becoming quite fond of it. 
“What is that?” Alassane asked incredulously as he stared at the demon.
“It’s a demon. I call him Kurt.” She said without offering any further explanation. She ignored Alassane’s disbelieving expression and kept on walking. 
They didn’t speak much after that, focusing solely on reaching the Demios’ nest. Any other attempt at conversation would probably not go over well anyway.

43
They reached the mansion the next evening. Twilight had already fallen, which only made the huge building even more unsettling. 
The mansion was looming over them, the very building emitting the same dreadful aura Selissa associated with the Demios. Death and despair. 
Large, naked oak trees were standing in the front garden like silent sentinels. The leafless branches cast long shadows across the mansion, making it look like fingers clawing at the walls and trying to get in. 
Not a sound was heard around the house. Not even birds seemed to come near this place. A heavy ambience surrounded it, making all living things instinctively avoid it. 
She swallowed heavily, but forced herself not to give in to the panic she felt. She wanted to run. To run and never look back, but she couldn’t go back now. 
“Are you ready for this?” Ardeth asked her quietly. He was looking down at her with something resembling concern in his eyes. It was an odd emotion that did not belong in those normally cold eyes. 
“As ready as I’ll ever be.” She said. She looked over her shoulder at Alassane, who nodded silently at her, indicating that he was ready. The Devourer let out a low whine and scratched the ground restlessly. It clearly didn’t want to go in there anymore than she did. 
Ardeth motioned for them to follow him and led them around the mansion. The closer they got to the building itself, the heavier the choking atmosphere got. It crept under her skin and made shivers run down her spine. The feeling of dark magic surrounded the place like a heavy cloak, and she wasn’t able to shake it off. 
They got to the back of the house, and Ardeth slowly made his way along the side of the building. She was just about to ask what he was looking for, when her eyes fell on a wooden hatch. It was almost covered by vines and overgrown plants, so she would have missed it if she hadn’t been looking for something out of place. 
Ardeth grabbed a hold of the handles and pulled. It clearly hadn’t been used in a long time, and it only reluctantly opened. The wood creaked loudly, the sound cutting through the silent night like a roar.
“It leads to the basement…” Ardeth said. “It’s the only way to get in without anyone noticing us.” 
Selissa nodded, despite the fact that she really didn’t have any wish to enter a necromancer’s basement. Visions of undead corpses grabbing at her ankles flashed through her mind, and she shuddered in disgust. 
She thought about Calen and took a deep breath. They were holding him somewhere inside and he needed her help. This was not the time to be afraid of the dark. 
She took the hand Ardeth held out to her and hesitantly followed him down the narrow staircase that led down to the dark cellar. 
She jumped slightly when the old wood creaked underneath her feet. Her heart was hammering in her chest, and she tightened her grip on Ardeth’s hand. She had to calm down. She would be no help if she was jumping at shadows.
She felt her feet land on the concrete floor of the basement, and she looked around blindly. The room was so dark that she could only just make out Ardeth’s form in front of her. 
She lifted the hand that wasn’t holding onto Ardeth’s and summoned a small amount of magic into her hand. The pure white light lit up the area around them and made her able to make out the contours of the room. 
It was plain and only contained a few dusty bookcases and some boxes spread out across the floor. A few doorways led to the basement’s other rooms.
She heard Alassane make his way down the stairs, followed by the heavy steps of the Devourer. Alassane came to stand beside her and looked warily around the room. 
“Have you any idea where they might be keeping him?” He asked tensely. Selissa shook her head.
“No… We will have to search for him.” She said. He nodded, but the frown on his face told her that he was not happy with the situation. She couldn’t blame him. 
“Let’s split up and search the basement first.” Ardeth said and let go of her hand. She desperately wished to grip it again, just to have something to hold onto, but instead she clenched her now free hand at her side. 
“I’m not sure it’s a good idea to split up…” Alassane said. “If any of us runs into problems they will be alone.” 
Selissa had a feeling that when he said “they” he was referring to her. Ardeth scoffed at him.
“Everyone here is able to hold their own until the others can reach them.” He said. 
Alassane frowned and looked like he wanted to protest, but reluctantly agreed. 
She and Ardeth went through one of the doorways, while Alassane took the other. The demon stalked after her like a watchful dog, a low growl coming from its throat.
The next room they stepped into was bigger and looked like it was used as a storage room. Old furniture was stocked up along the walls, and piles of dusty items were scattered around the floor. 
Two doors led away from the room, one on each side.  She cast an uneasy look at Ardeth when she realized they would have to separate.
“You go left, I go right?” He asked her. She nodded, but suddenly realized that he had no way to see in the dark without her. 
She took his hand, letting the magic pool into his palm. It formed a shining white sphere in his hand and sent a soft light into the room. 
He watched her carefully, but she just smiled and made her way to the left door. Her hand shook slightly as she placed it on the doorknob, and she took a moment to collect herself. 
She heard Ardeth open the other door, and out of the corner of her eye she could see the light from her magic fade away as he went through it. She turned the doorknob and slowly opened her own door. 
The next room was smaller and completely empty. She walked through it slowly, quickly locating yet another door. She grabbed the doorknob, only to find it locked. 
She shook it roughly to see if the lock would give in. The metal lock held, but the old wooden door creaked loudly under the force. 
She backed away a bit, before ramming her shoulder into the door. She winced at the loud, banging sound when she hit it, but she felt the wood give under the pressure. 
She repeated the motion again and the wood splintered. The third time the door flew up, causing her to nearly fall into the room. 
The magic vanished, when she stumbled through the broken door, and she was suddenly shrouded in complete darkness. She blinked her eyes furiously, trying to adjust to the missing light.
Suddenly she felt a wave of something dark and menacing brush over her skin. The feeling of dark magic washed over her and wrapped itself around her. The dark presence in the room was so intense it almost choked her. 
‘Get out. Now.’ Cadeyrn’s voice was clear and urgent. She would have been more than happy to listen to him, but she had to know what was in there.
She raised her hand above her head, letting white flames shoot from her palm. They lit up the room, casting long, flickering shadows into the corners. 
Her eyes took in the room, a feeling of dread spreading through her chest and seeping into every inch of her body. Behind her, the Devourer was whining uneasily.
Along the walls and scattered across the floor were countless unlit candles. The only piece of furniture was a table placed at the far end of the room. It was covered in a black cloth and several items she couldn’t identify from where she stood were placed on it. But it wasn’t the table that caught her eyes.
She felt herself start to shake when she looked at the floor. Bile rose in her throat and she covered her mouth with her hand as she took a step back. 
The blood was old and faded, but she could still make out the mark drawn on the floor. 
Azarial’s mark, drawn in blood. Exactly the same as at the temple. The same as in her nightmare.
Memories of cloaked figures and chanting voices flashed before her eyes, and the shaking got worse as she realized that this was the exact same room as in the nightmare that had plagued her for years.
Another thing she realized was that this was the place the ritual for freeing the banished demon lord was going to take place. And had taken place before. 
She slowly sank to her knees, when long repressed memories suddenly came rushing back. She had been there before…
She was so lost in her thoughts that she didn’t hear someone else enter the room. 
“I see you have found me.” 
44
She looked up to find Ilyan standing on the other side of the room. The ghostly white light danced across his disfigured face and made the scars look even more grotesque than in daylight. 
“Do you remember the last time you were here?” He asked as if recalling fond memories.  She watched him warily, but didn’t answer. He didn’t seem to mind. 
“Unfortunately, the archangel’s powers went wild and ruined the ceremony before it was complete.” With a flick of his hand, all the candles went to life and lit up the entire room. Suddenly, Selissa’s small ball of light seemed weak and insignificant. 
“You have tried to do this to me before…” She said quietly. The scattered memories were wreaking havoc inside her mind, but she knew that much. 
“Getting to you was much easier back then.” He mused. “You didn’t have such ardent protectors. You father did fight valiantly, though…” 
Her eyes widened. Her father?
Nowhere in her mind could she recall any memories of her parents. All her life she had believed that they were either dead or had abandoned her. 
Despite her situation, she felt a weight lift from her chest. She hadn’t been abandoned. She wasn’t unwanted. Her father had fought for her sake. 
She knew he had probably died for her sake too. But she was not going to let his sacrifice be in vain. She had no intention of dying there tonight. 
She had to keep him talking until she figured out how to get out of there. 
“So what went wrong?” She asked. 
Ilyan watched the shadows dancing across the walls. “We couldn’t subdue him…” He said slowly. “He managed to take over and fight us.” 
“Take over?” She asked confused. Cadeyrn had possessed her?
Ilyan sighed. “The will of a child is much weaker. It was not hard for Cadeyrn to overpower you and take control of your body.” He said. The sudden gleam in his eyes made her heart sink in her chest. 
“He brought you to safety, before sealing away both his powers and your memories. He might have done so to protect you, to prevent us from finding you.” He smiled darkly. “Clearly he underestimated us.” 
For some reason, she felt the need to stand up for him. “It still took you years, didn’t it?” She sneered at him. “You didn’t find me before almost six years had passed.”
“I have used fifteen years to reach my goal.” He said. “And all those years seem insignificant, when you think of what I will achieve tonight.” 
This man was utterly insane, she decided in that moment. The zealous look in his eyes told her that he was deadly serious. 
“Why do you want to release a demon lord? Do you really think he will reward you?” She asked defiantly. “You will be nothing but a nuisance to him once he is free.” 
To her surprise, he laughed out loud. “When he sees my potential, he will bestow his power on me.” He walked closer slowly, until he was directly in front of her, and leaned down to look her directly in the eyes. “I will be his most loyal and trusted servant.” 
She leaned back in repulsion. He was so close she could practically see the madness shining from behind his eyes. He really believed that a powerful demon would be thankful to a human. 
In the end, it didn’t matter. She would rather die than be his sacrificial goat. Only the thought that Calen needed her help prevented her from taking her sword and ramming it into her stomach. 
Ilyan rose and walked to the other end of the room. He bent down over the table and studied something lying there. 
“I knew you would come for your friend.” He said. “So everything is ready for the ceremony to start.” 
She wasn’t having any of that. She got up from the floor and charged at his turned back. Magic was crackling around her fingers, just waiting to be released. 
She didn’t get far. Ilyan turned in that same moment, and suddenly long strands of black magic shot out and wrapped themselves around her arms and legs, binding her in place. 
She glared at him as she stood restrained to the floor, unable to move. He merely smiled knowingly at her. 
“You didn’t think it would be that easy, did you?” He asked. Her eyes fell to the item he had picked up from the table. The light from the candles hit the long blade and made it flash ominously. 
“Maybe cutting off a leg or two would make you a little calmer. “ He said thoughtfully as if the idea didn’t seem bizarre to him at all. He walked closer, raising the knife as he went. He was only a few feet from her, knife raised to strike, when a heavy weight slammed into him. 
He fell to the ground, the Devourer clawing and snapping at him. The knife clattered to the ground as he tried to avoid the deadly fangs that tried to rip open his throat.  
The dark magic that restrained her vanished the moment the demon hit him. For a second she considered helping it, but she knew she didn’t have the time. Sending a thankful thought to the creature for saving her life, she ran out of the room as fast as her legs could carry her. 
She found a staircase in the next room and almost fell over her own feet in her hurry to climb it. She ripped open the door at the top and quickly slammed it behind her when she was through. 
She leaned against it heavily and looked around her to see where she had ended. She was in a dimly lit hallway. It was empty. 
Catching her breath, she walked down it slowly. Her body was tense, and her eyes flickered warily. There was a good chance all the noise had alerted someone, and she would hate to be there if they came looking for the source of it. She didn’t know how long the demon could keep Ilyan busy either.
The shadows formed eerie shapes on the walls, like hands reaching for her as she passed by. She knew it was just her paranoia talking, but she still watched them carefully, as if they would leap out and attack her at any moment. 
She opened the first door she passed, but all that greeted her was an empty room. It was the same with the three next doors she opened. It seemed like the entire building was deserted, but she knew that was all just an illusion. If Ilyan had prepared for the ritual, the Demios would be there. It was just a matter of time before they came to find her. Hopefully, she would find Calen first. 
She turned down another hallway, hoping to find some clue as to where they were keeping him. This hallway didn’t have any doors, but led to a huge staircase that seemed to lead down to the main hall. She was just about to go past it, when she heard voices coming from the hall. She quickly ducked behind the banister, hiding herself from view. 
Her heart was hammering in her chest as she listened to the hushed voices. She couldn’t hear what they were saying, but she could pick out two voices. 
She prayed they wouldn’t notice her. Had there been only one, she might have been able to knock them out before they saw her, but two persons would easily overpower her. 
She heard steps on the stairs and panicked. Still ducked out of view, she hurriedly ran back the way she had come, careful not to make any noise. She stepped into the hallway, just as she heard them at the top of the stairs.  
She straightened up and sprinted down the hallway. It would only be seconds before she would be in free view. She turned around a corner and opened the first door she passed in the hallway she entered. She closed the door behind her and leaned on the wall behind it. 
She drew one of her swords, listening for footsteps outside. If someone entered the room, she would slit the first one’s throat the moment he opened the door and hopefully catch the other by surprise. 
She heard the muted sound of footsteps and tensed. She didn’t even dare breathe as she heard them coming closer, and she gripped the sword hilt until her knuckles turned white. 
The footsteps sounded just outside the room, and she let out the breath she had been holding when they continued down the hallway. 
She waited until long after the sound of footsteps had disappeared. Opening the door, she peered outside. Finding the hallway empty, she slipped out and continued in the opposite direction of where the others had disappeared. 
She continued searching the various rooms in the mansion, but there were no signs of Calen. It didn’t help that the mansion was huge and there seemed to be an endless amount of halls and corridors. It didn’t take long before she lost her sense of direction. 
She was just closing another door, when she felt something snake its way up her legs. She looked down to see the shadows writhe at her feet like they had suddenly come to life. They seemed to take solid form, before wrapping themselves around her legs like ropes. 
She tried to move her legs, but the living shadows kept her stuck to the floor. The more she struggled, the more the shadows spread over her body.
“Seems like we have an intruder…” A figure literally stepped out from the shadows in the hallway. If he was able to cloak himself in the shadows it would explain why she hadn’t seen him coming. 
She had never seen him before. He had to be around her age, maybe slightly older. His sickly pale face was framed by dirty blond hair, which gave him an unhealthy appearance. The black tattoo under his eye stood out sharply against his pale skin. The shadows seemed to gather around him, causing him to be surrounded by darkness. 
Her hand shot to her sword sheaths, but the shadows writhed in response to her movement and shot out to wrap themselves around her wrist. Her other hand got strapped to her side, and she was suddenly unable to move. 
“Let me go.” She hissed at him. Of course, she knew he wasn’t going to do that, but sounding threatening beat just standing there looking like an idiot. 
The Demios slowly stepped closer, the shadows gliding around him.
“Lord Ilyan would appreciate me bringing you to him. Let’s not—“ He stopped dead in his tracks when two strong arms wrapped themselves around him. 
“Let’s not what, Alecta?” Ardeth said softly into his ear. He had to bend his neck, since he was much taller than the other man.  
“So you really have turned traitor, Ardeth…” Alecta said disgusted. “You would rather protect an angel?”
He said the word like it was a curse. Ardeth smiled darkly. 
“Goodbye, Alecta.” He said. Bones shot out from everywhere on his body and impaled Alecta like spears. Shock was evident in the other man’s eyes, but they soon turned cold as the life left them. 
Ardeth let the bones slide back in and released Alecta’s dead body. It dropped limply to the ground, blood flowing from the many deep wounds.
Ardeth looked emotionlessly at the body, as if he hadn’t just turned himself into a living version of an iron maiden. His clothes were torn and hanging off his body and he was covered in Alecta’s blood. 
Selissa looked at him and found she didn’t mind. He had after all saved her life, once again. 
“What does it say about me that I find you less and less horrifying every day?” She asked as she stepped around the body, now free of the restraining shadows. Ardeth merely grinned at her.
She looked down at Alecta’s lifeless form and thought about what he had said. 
“You have never actually told me why you’re helping me…” She said slowly. She had pushed it to the back of her mind for a long time, but seeing him killing a former ally made her need to know. 
He smiled that disarming smile that usually made her drop the subject. “Do I need a reason for saving your life?” He asked.
“This time you do.” She said. This time she wanted an actual answer. 
He stepped closer to her and raised his hand to her face. He gently stroked her cheek, smearing blood all over her face in the process. He looked into her eyes earnestly. 
“Maybe I wanted to be the hero for once.” He said softly. He leaned forward slowly and pressed his lips to hers. 
His lips tasted of blood, and they were standing beside a fresh body, in enemy territory. But despite the bizarre situation, all she could concentrate on was the man kissing her. 
She closed her eyes and wrapped her arms around his neck, ignoring the fact that she was getting covered in blood. She tangled her fingers in his long hair that was much softer than she had imagined and let all thoughts flee her mind. 
They stood like that for what felt like hours, until Ardeth finally broke away. She was lightheaded and short of breath, but she still felt reluctant about letting him go. 
He leaned his forehead against hers and smiled at her. “Let’s go find that friend of yours and get out of here.” 
She could only agree.

45
“You didn’t find anything in the basement?” She asked as they walked down the hallway. Ardeth shook his head. 
“No sign of them keeping him down there.” He said. “I don’t think the dead guy has found anything either.” 
She had completely forgotten about Alassane. She wondered if he had run into any of the Demios after being separated from them.
“Where do you—“ She paused when something caught her eye. A few dark spots stained the floor in front of them. She bent down and traced her fingers over it. It didn’t take a genius to figure out it was blood stains, but they were clearly old and had long since dried.
It didn’t surprise her that there were bloodstains in a place like this, but why hadn’t it been cleaned up yet?
“The whole place smells like old blood…” Ardeth commented, clearly following her thoughts. 
“Their blood or Calen’s?” She wondered out loud. She heard an amused sound coming from Ardeth.
“The priest’s, most likely.” He said. “You might have been able to wound a Demios, but ordinary humans can’t. Most people passing through here are only covered in other’s blood.”
She grimaced at the thought, but nodded. He certainly had a habit of getting coated in other people’s blood. 
“Well—“ He stopped talking abruptly, and she turned her head to look at him. 
“What is it?” She asked him. 
“We got company…” He said in a tense voice she had never heard him use before and looked pointedly behind her. Confused, she turned to look and immediately knew they were in deep trouble. 
She had not heard them approach, but now the smell of decay filled her nose. 
The bodies walking slowly towards them looked nothing like the rotting corpses Ilyan had summoned in Cadeyrn’s temple. These could almost have passed for being living. Their hair had not yet fallen out and their skin was ashen gray, but had not rotten away. 
The only way she knew they were dead was from the empty eyes staring at them. And the fact that among them was Nadesha. The Demios she had watched die.
She watched in horror as the lifeless remains of the deceased Demios limped towards them, like a morbid parade to Ilyan’s insanity. The experiments Ardeth had talked about apparently didn’t stop just because the guinea pigs were no longer among the living.
She scrambled back to stand beside Ardeth, who was already sliding out bones from his skin. 
She was just about to draw her swords, when Ardeth stopped her. 
“Go.” He said. “I’ll take care of them.” 
She immediately started to protest. “I’m not going—“ 
“You’re here to find your friend, aren’t you?” He asked. “Then you better hurry.” 
She looked uncertainly at the undead approaching. Ardeth smiled darkly. 
“I’ll be fine.” He said, dismissing her silent worrying.
She hesitated, but then nodded. “You better be.” She told him, before running down the hallway, leaving him to deal with them. It didn’t take long before she heard the sounds of bones ripping through flesh. 
She kept on running, not entirely sure where she was going. She kept turning down new, unfamiliar hallways and only slowed down, when she noticed the heavy smell of old blood. 
She hadn’t noticed it before, when Ardeth commented on it, but now the smell was so severe it almost choked her. She put a hand over her nose and rushed to the nearest door. He had to be here…
She threw it open, but it was nothing but an empty sitting room. The next room wasn’t any better. 
She kept on opening doors, but didn’t find what she was looking for. She grabbed the next doorknob, only to discover the door locked. 
She could hear the blood rushing in her ears. She backed up and threw herself at the door, but it didn’t budge. She tried again, but there was no sign of the wood giving in. She considered breaking the wood with her sword blade, but thought of something better. 
She stepped back, before summoning a small amount of magic into her hand. She aimed at the lock and released it, sending white light flying towards the door. 
The lock broke and the door flew open. Selissa reeled back as the smell knocked into her like a wave. Fighting back the nausea, she carefully stepped into the room, afraid of what she would see. 
The walls and floor was covered with dark red stains, making it look like someone had sprayed paint all over it. She wanted to cry, when her eyes fell on the figure sitting on the floor. 
His usually shaggy blond hair was dirty and matted. His torn clothes were bloodied and hung off his frame, which was much thinner than the last time she had seen him. His body was hunched over, so she couldn’t see his face, but the unsteady rise of his shoulder told her he was breathing. 
She rushed to his side and fell to her knees beside him. She carefully cradled his face and lifted it so she could look at him. 
“Oh Calen…” She whispered. “What have they done to you?” 
He looked at her, but his eyes were veiled and unfocused. It took several seconds before he recognized her. 
“Selissa…?” He asked, his voice low and raw, as if he had been screaming. She tried to smile at him, but it came out as a grimace.
“I’ll get you out of here, I promise.” She said. She dragged her eyes from his face to check him for injuries. To her surprise, there was none. 
There was fresh blood on his torn robes, but she couldn’t find any wounds on his body. Terrified, she realized that they must have healed him after torturing him to keep him alive. How much pain had he had to go through?
“I will kill those bastards…” She said through gritted teeth. She looked back at Calen to see his eyes flicker as if he was just barely keeping conscious. 
“Stay with me.” She said and swept his arm over her shoulders. He was not much taller than her and so thin that it was no problem for her to lift him up. He rested heavily against her, his legs not quite able to carry him. 
She wrapped her arm around his waist to support him and nearly dragged him out of the room. She almost dropped him in shock, when she found Ardeth standing just outside. 
“You found him.” He stated the obvious. 
“How did you get here so fast?” She asked. Had he really taken down all the undead so fast?
“Ilyan must have called them back. They just suddenly left.” He said annoyed. “Or what was left of them, anyway.”  
She had a feeling that was a bad sign. They couldn’t get out fast enough in her opinion.
Ardeth looked at Calen’s slumped over form with raised eyebrows. 
“You know, it would be more merciful just to kill him.” He said. Selissa glared at him.
“Just help me carry him, will you?” She said.  Ardeth laughed softly, before grabbing Calen and slinging him onto his back, like he weighted nothing. 
“Hang on, priest boy.” He said and made sure Calen’s arms were safely around his neck. 
 “Let’s get out of here.” She said. She couldn’t wait with leaving this cursed place.
Ardeth didn’t move, however. He watched her seriously.
“Are you just going to run?” He asked. “If you leave now, they will never stop hunting you.” 
She clenched her jaw and looked away. She didn’t want to hear it, but she knew he was right. 
“What do you want me to do?” She asked in frustration. 
“As long as he is alive, he will come for you again.” He said softly.  
“So you want me to kill him?” She asked. 
“It’s the only way to be free of him.” He said calmly. She looked at him, feeling lost. Killing came so easily to him, but she had never intentionally hunted someone down to kill them. She didn’t know if she was strong enough. 
She looked at Calen, who was hanging limply from Ardeth’s shoulders. They had kidnapped and tortured him. All because of her. And if she didn’t end this, they would do so again. 
“He’s in the basement, isn’t he? In the ritual room…” She said slowly. For some reason, she had a feeling he was waiting for her. He had not come after her personally, but sent his undead minions. He would be there.
Ardeth watched her silently, knowing that she wasn’t waiting for an answer. She turned on her heels and started walking back the way she came.
She would end this tonight. 

46
The candles’ flames flickered slightly, when she opened the door and entered the ritual room. 
Ardeth had left Calen upstairs and was following close behind her. Her eyes roamed the room, and the first thing she noticed was the body of the Devourer lying bleeding on the floor. 
She kneeled down next to it, already knowing it was dead. 
“I’m sorry.” She said quietly. “I didn’t mean for this to happen.” 
It had died protecting her, and she wouldn’t let its sacrifice be in vain. Too many had gotten hurt because of her.
“I see you have come for me.” Ilyan stepped out of the shadows as she stood up. For once, his appearance didn’t strike fear into her mind. Now there was only determination. She had come to end this, and she would. 
She drew both of her swords and slowly lowered them in front of her. The only sound in the room was the muted sound of the blades scratching lightly against the floor. 
“It ends here, demon.” She said with surprising calm. Ilyan wasn’t fazed by her audacity. He laughed, a laugh that made the air turn cold. 
“You call me a demon, like it is a bad thing.” He said mockingly. He stepped closer, the light illuminating his scarred face. 
She tightened her grip on the sword hilts, but he didn’t come any closer. He led a hand to his own face, slowly tracing some of the white scars. 
“You have such faith in humans.” He said. “You see everything in black and white, and in your mind the humans will always be on the good side.” 
He let the hand fall away from his face and looked at her with his cold eyes. They were almost as lifeless as the creatures’ he raised, but a deep hatred was burning behind them. 
“It was humans who gave me these scars. They did gruesome things to me, simply because I was blessed with a unique ability. They cast aside everyone who they deem unworthy.” He said, his voice sending chills down her spine. “Before you condemn the demons, you might want to look at the true nature of your precious humanity.” 
The truth of his words pained her, but she held his eyes defiantly. She had seen the dark sides of humans. People had shied away from her, simply because her appearance unnerved them. They would mistreat children after seeing a black tattoo on their face, believing them to be worth less than themselves.  
Humans lied and deceived others. She knew very well that some humans were as cruel as the demons they feared. But no matter how much proof she had of human depravity, she refused to give up on them. 
She wished to believe everyone had something good in them. In fact, she needed to believe that.
“No matter what humans have done to you, it doesn’t justify this.” She said calmly. He had let countless people die for his delusions, and she knew many more would follow if she didn’t stop him. Including herself.
She tensed when she saw other figures slowly emerge from the shadows. She stared into the eyes of the animated Demios as they came to stand besides Ilyan like obedient dogs, waiting for him to give his orders. 
When she had first seen them in the hallway, she had thought they looked almost alive, because of the lack of decay. But looking at them now, she could see that there was no way most of them could still be alive. 
One of them appeared perfectly healthy, but the gaping hole through his stomach showed otherwise. Another had had his throat slit so thoroughly that his neck was nothing but one huge, open wound. Yet another had had his eye gouged out so roughly that the hole went all the way through his skull. 
Swallowing the bile in her throat, she looked at Nadesha, who was staring emptily into the air to her left. Her body was still whole, as it had been a magic spell that had killed her.  
Selissa knew it wouldn’t be long before her body started rotting and falling apart, and just the thought of someone actually having to experience the decay of their own body made her sick. 
“Let them go.” She said, her voice strained with disgust. “They already died for you once.” 
“Why do you care about them?” Ilyan asked amused. “They are the servants of Azarial after all.”
It took every bit of her self-restraint not to lash out at him. She flexed her fingers around the sword hilts, trying to resist the urge to bury them in his chest. 
“They still deserve to rest in peace. No one deserves being ripped from their graves.” She said lowly, her voice dangerous. She felt Ardeth shift closer to her. He still hadn’t said a word, but knowing he was there made her feel slightly better. Slightly. 
“They’re just empty shells.” Ilyan scoffed. “They feel nothing.” 
Her patience was wearing thin. “Release them.” She said. 
She heard Cadeyrn whisper softly in mind, but she couldn’t make out the words. She knew he was responding to her anger. Power was surging through her, erasing all traces of exhaustion. 
“I said release them.” She repeated, when she got no answer. She was vaguely aware of magic leaking out from her body and covering her skin like an aureole. She saw Ilyan’s eyes widen, and she could swear she saw fear in them. 
The magic surrounded the sword blades, and the white light seemed to glister against the steel. She held one of them up in front her, pointing it at Ilyan. It shone brightly, making the light from the candles seem incredible weak. 
She could feel Cadeyrn’s presence melt together with hers, and she reveled in the feeling. It felt like every fear and doubt she had ever had was being chased away by the bright light that was filling her body. 
“Last chance.” She said. Her voice didn’t even sound like her anymore. It was lighter, but still more powerful. “If you won’t free them, I will.” 
She didn’t wait for an answer. She lunged at him, blades swinging around her. 
She saw Ilyan raise his hand and immediately, one of the undead came to his aid. She didn’t have time to stop, before her swords slashed into Nadesha’s chest. 
She froze, staring into Nadesha’s lifeless eyes. She had swung the swords with enough strength to cave right through her body, and only the blades embedded in her chest kept it from falling apart. 
She had to remind herself that Nadesha was already dead. She might have looked alive, but she wasn’t. The blades in her chest didn’t kill her.
Selissa took a deep breath, before stepping back and letting the swords slide out of the body. Nadesha’s mauled corpse staggered for a moment with nothing to hold it up, before collapsing in a heap on the ground. She was just about to step over it, when she realized it was still moving. 
The torso was almost severed from the rest of the body, but Nadesha’s corpse still tried to pick itself up from the ground.  
Selissa stared in bizarre fascination, as it desperately tried to stand up. The legs were flailing uselessly, while the arms tried to push the body up from the floor. Each attempt was spoiled as it collapsed to the floor again. 
She dragged her eyes away from the sad sight and looked up at Ilyan, who was slowly backing away. 
He locked eyes with her. “Kill them.” He said, and it took her a moment to realize that he was addressing the undead. 
She rushed at him, only to be stopped by dead hands grabbing her. She struggled against them, while she watched Ilyan slip out the door at the other end of the room. 
“Come back here, you coward!” She yelled, while trying to pry the fingers that were holding her in a death grip off. She felt them release one of her hands, and she looked up to see Ardeth slashing the corpse into pieces. 
She swung her free hand at the other one holding her, and the sword went right through its neck. The corpse released her when its head got separated from its shoulders and hit the floor with a sickening sound of bone and flesh. 
She kicked away the headless body, and it fell to the floor like an old ragdoll. Several more was approaching them, and she stepped closer to Ardeth to avoid getting separated from him. 
“You need to go.” He said, when she had her back to his. Everywhere, lifeless bodies seemed to be coming at them. She was getting really tired of being surrounded. 
“Are you kidding me?” She asked and cut off an arm that was reaching for her. It didn’t stop its owner, however, so she promptly cut of its legs, so it tumbled to the ground. 
“I will hold them down. You go after Ilyan.” He said and threw a bone after another corpse. It hit its forehead with such an impact that it went right through its skull and knocked it off its feet. 
“You’re crazy…” She said. They were everywhere. She couldn’t possibly leave him to deal with all of them. 
They were standing so close she could feel him shrug. 
“I can’t really argue with that.” He said. “Now go.”
She looked at him uncertainly over her shoulder and realized that he was deadly serious. 
“If you die, I will never forgive you.” She said finally. 
He laughed as he took down another undead Demios. “Well, I would be dead and beyond caring, but I get your point.” He turned his head and looked at her, suddenly serious. 
“I won’t.” He said. She hesitated for a second before nodding. 
“I believe in you.” She said and ignored the surprised look he shot her. 
She raised her swords and began slashing at the seemingly endless crowd of animated bodies. Limbs flew around her, but not a single drop of blood was spilled. It had been too long since a beating heart had pumped blood through their veins. 
Hands grabbed at her, but she threw them off before they could get a hold of her. Something grabbed at her leg, and she almost fell through the door in front of her. She sent a kick at it, and she felt her foot hit its target. She heard something break, and the fingers released her. 
She stumbled through the door and shut it behind her. She prayed that Ardeth would be okay, but she didn’t have time to worry about that now. 
She started running through the basement rooms, searching every corner she could find. It didn’t take long before she heard the muted sound of footsteps from somewhere to her right.
She turned sharply and followed the sound. There was no way she was going to let him get away. 
The basement seemed to consist of an endless amount of small rooms. She had a feeling that every time she entered a new room, he had just passed through it.  
She could no longer hear Ardeth fighting. She stopped, the sound of her own footsteps fading away. For a moment, the only thing she could hear was her own shallow breathing. 
The other set of footsteps had stopped. She stood very still, trying to hear anything over the sound of her rapid heartbeat. 
‘Take the left door.’ Deciding to trust him, she turned towards the door. She approached it slowly and realized that she could feel the aura of dark magic coming from the adjoining room.   
‘He is playing with you.´ She nodded. She knew it was Ilyan’s plan to separate her from Ardeth, so he could face her alone, but even while knowing that, she had no choice but to play into his hands. 
“You’re with me, right?” She asked quietly. Cadeyrn’s answer was the feeling of energy enveloping her like a cloak. She calmed down knowing she was not all alone. 
“Here goes nothing.” She muttered and opened the door. 
47
It was deadly silent when she stepped into the room. It was so dark that she wouldn’t be able to see her hand even if she held it up before her face. 
She took a few tentative steps into the room, looking around blindly. She couldn’t see him, and she couldn’t hear him, but she could feel his presence filling the room. It was cold and warm at the same time, and it settled around her like it tried to drown her. She resisted the urge to shiver. 
She tried to locate the source, but it curled around everything in the room like mist, making it impossible to figure out where he was. 
She didn’t dare light up the room. She barely dared to breathe. 
He could come at her from anywhere. She didn’t know where he was, but she was pretty sure he knew exactly where she was. She stood completely still, waiting for him to make the first move. 
She heard a rustling sound and tensed. Her eyes moved rapidly, trying to find him, but she couldn’t see through the darkness surrounding them. 
She barely managed to react when the spell was hurled towards her. She turned and raised her swords just in time to block the incoming blast. What looked like black fire hit the blades and spread to both sides, narrowly missing her. 
She channeled her own energy into the swords, lighting up a circle around her. She saw something move at the edge of the light, quickly retreating into the dark corners. 
She swung one of the swords, sending a bolt of light towards where the figure had disappeared. The spell crashed through the room, lighting up a patch around it on its way. It collided with the wall, the light disappearing as it dissipated. It had revealed nothing but empty space.   
This time she was prepared when another spell flew through the air from the opposite side of the room. She met it with a spell of her own, and they collided in a burst of white and black fire. 
“Stop hiding.” She said into the darkness. “Or are you afraid to fight me face to face?”
She didn’t feel quite as brave as her words. He was just playing with her. She didn’t really want to know what would happen when he got serious. 
She heard him laugh. The sound ricocheted against the walls and made it sound like it was coming from everywhere at once. She had a feeling the room was much bigger than she first had thought. 
Suddenly she felt the smell of rot hit her nose. She cursed silently to herself. She had thought he had left the rest of the dead bodies with Ardeth. Clearly, she wasn’t that lucky. 
She felt something grab her leg. She immediately swung her sword and separated the rotten hand from the corpse that had grabbed her. With another swing she cut the corpse into two. 
All around her, she saw decayed bodies starting to crawl towards her. They scrambled at the edge of the light, skeletal hands reaching for her. 
She was having none of that. She forced larger amounts of magic into the sword blades and started swinging them around her in a circle. 
Fiery white flames erupted from the blades and formed a pillar around her as she spun the blades around. They enveloped the corpses and easily burned through them. 
Strangled, inhumane screams erupted from their throats, even as they desperately tried to reach her through the storm of flames. Burning hands reached through the whirlwind, only to disintegrate inches before her face. 
The flames died down, leaving nothing but ash at her feet. She lowered the swords, the blades still gleaming with magic. 
“Is that all you got?” She asked and kicked some of the dust into the air. It briefly formed a grey cloud in the air, before it waned to the ground uselessly. Dead… That was how it should be.
He laughed again from somewhere in the dark, and something inside her snapped. She cried out frustrated and rushed forward blindly. She swung her swords furiously, slashing at the darkness. He was somewhere in the dark, like one of the monsters that would haunt her nightmares. But this time she wouldn’t wake up before the monster got her. 
Her blades hit nothing but air, but she kept slashing desperately. She was sick of his games, and she would find him, even if it meant taking his head off. 
She kept slashing and slashing, until she finally hit a wall. The blades carved themselves into the wall, and she leaned against them heavily. Her fury slowly ebbed away when she realized how ridiculously she was acting. She closed her eyes and tried to control her breathing. 
He was right behind her before she heard him move. She tried to turn around, but the knife connected with her skin and cut into her shoulder before she was able to. Unable to avoid the blow, she threw herself to the side to prevent her arm from being separated from her body. 
The knife jerked from her flesh, ripping a large, open wound. The pain shot through her arm, causing her to drop one of her swords. It fell to the floor with a clattering sound that echoed through the room. She lost her balance and tumbled to the ground next to it. 
Ilyan walked closer to her, while she lay on the ground holding her shoulder. She clenched her teeth as she watched her blood drip from the long blade in his hand. She recognized it as the sacrificial knife he had taken from the table before. 
Despite the searing pain in her shoulder, she didn’t waste any time. With the sword still clenched in her other hand, she lashed out at his legs. She didn’t hit him, but forced him to step back, giving her enough time to scramble to her feet. 
“Just step down. You can’t win.” Ilyan said calmly. 
“I’m not the one who has to hide in the dark.” She said. She clutched the sword she had left, her knuckles growing white. Her other arm was hanging limply by her side. She couldn’t move it without sharp pain shooting through her shoulder. She didn’t even try to get the sword she had dropped. It would be no help if she couldn’t move her arm freely. 
“Your friend Alassane gave up quickly. Too bad he was too weak to contain the power given to him.” Ilyan said as he stepped closer to her. 
Suddenly the room was lit up with sharp blue light. Ilyan froze and turned his head. Selissa followed his eyes. 
“Not anymore.” Alassane stepped closer, his body surrounded by blue fire. 
Ilyan’s and Alassane’s combined power created a crushing pressure of magic in the room, and Selissa had to take a deep breath to steady herself. She could feel magic crawling all over her skin, like water crashing down on top of her. 
She tried to ignore the sensation of drowning that washed over her. She shook the feeling off and focused on the two sorcerers in the room. 
“This has nothing to do with you, undead.” Ilyan told Alassane. Black magic was emitting from his skin, in response to the power Alassane let flow freely through the room. Selissa kept quiet, her eyes darting between them. 
“Nothing to do with me?” Alassane asked tersely. His voice was cold. “You killed me!” 
“You were weak. That weakness became your death.” Ilyan answered calmly. 
Alassane let out a short, cold laugh that didn’t sound like him at all. Selissa wondered what it was like facing the man who had killed you. From the cold look in Alassane’s eyes, she didn’t think you would be very forgiving. 
“Then your arrogance will become your death.” He said. Selissa’s eyes widened, when she saw the flames around him flare up, and she barely had time to get out of the way before the air exploded in flares of energy. 
The time of talking was over, and she pressed her back against the wall, as Ilyan and Alassane started flinging deadly spells at each other. 
Most of them missed and exploded against the walls, while some collided in bursts of blue and black. 
She would have been perfectly content to keep out of it, but she knew she had to stop them before they brought the building down on top of them. 
‘Just run.’ Cadeyrn urged her. ‘Get out while you can.’
“No.” She told him. “No more running.” 

48
A wayward spell exploded above her head, as she made her way towards the fighting sorcerers. She cursed as debris fell from the ceiling and covered her in a layer of dust. She coughed as it got in her mouth and settled in her throat. 
Another ball of light blasted past her, and she only barely managed to dodge it before it hit her. It grazed her arm and burned her skin, like ice-cold fire.  It left a glowing black mark on her arm, like the magic had embedded itself in the wound. 
It didn’t really hurt. It felt more like something warm and cold pressed against her skin at the same time. She wondered what effect it would have if the spell had hit her in the chest instead of merely grazing her. Considering the fact that its user was able to raise the dead, she didn’t believe it could be anything good. 
Ilyan and Alassane were fighting closely now, Ilyan swinging the sacrificial knife dangerously close to Alassane’s throat. They were so intent on killing each other that they paid her no heed. 
Ilyan swung the knife again, aiming to take off Alassane’s head. Alassane jerked his head backwards, but the blade still managed to cut a small line across his throat. The sight of the thin line of blood running down his neck stirred Selissa into action. 
She charged at Ilyan, who had his back turned to her. She felt her heart in her throat as she watched the knife descend towards Alassane’s chest. She reached them just as Ilyan was about to make the death blow, and swung her sword at his neck. 
He moved too fast for her to react. The knife, which had been just above Alassane’s chest, suddenly flew through the air and blocked her blow. 
Shaking off her surprise, she quickly moved to the side and swung the blade again. A sharp metallic sound echoed through the room as she once again hit the long knife. 
She narrowed her eyes as she looked at the knife. It was almost long enough to use as a sword, and that was clearly what he was trying to do. 
She grabbed the sword hilt with both hands as he charged forward. She didn’t have the time to block the incoming strikes, instead getting forced backwards as he started stabbing the air with the long blade.
Stumbling backwards, she raised her sword to defend herself. The blades clashed, both trying to force the other back. She placed all her strength into the swing and hit the knife with enough force to knock it out of his hand. 
It flew through the room and clattered to the floor. However, being unarmed didn’t stop him. 
The spell he sent at her hit her square in the chest and sent her flying backwards. She dropped the sword as her back hit the wall. Bits and pieces of the already crumbling wall collapsed, and she hissed in pain when pressure was placed on her injured shoulder. 
Ilyan approached her, just as the aura switched in the room. Bright green light shone behind him, and the magic pressure in the room intensified tenfold. 
Selissa looked up in confusion, before realizing what was happening. 
A line of green flames shot forward and snaked in front of Ilyan, cutting him off from her. They flared up and created a fiery wall between them. 
She watched in awe, as Alassane stood before them in his skeletal form, surrounded by green fire. He slowly stepped closer to Ilyan, bright flames burning in the place where his eyes should have been. 
“We didn’t finish, now did we?” He asked. His voice was strange, a low rasping sound compared to the way he normally sounded. Of course, it might have something to do with the fact that he had no vocal cords anymore.  The only thing keeping him together was the magic coursing through his body. 
Ilyan turned to look at him scornfully. “Do you really think a corpse stands a chance against a necromancer?” He asked mockingly. “I’m the master of the dead.” 
There was no flesh left to form any expression on his face, but she imagined Alassane’s sneering at Ilyan. But looking at him, it was only his grinning skull that met her eyes. 
She had had a hard time accepting the fact that Alassane was undead, but now it hit her like a thousand bricks. He was dead, and he had been long before she even met him.
She slowly pushed herself to her feet, while Ilyan had his back turned to her. She was very aware of the fact that she was unarmed, but then again, so was he. 
She had the powers of an archangel. She didn’t need cold steel to defeat him. 
She summoned up the power for an attack in the same moment Alassane sent a sea of green flames towards Ilyan. She sent her own spell flying, causing Ilyan to be surrounded by a storm of green and white. 
It didn’t hinder him though. Selissa had to jerk back, when he suddenly shot through the flames towards her. Despite the flames catching on to his clothes and licking against him, he was dead set on getting to her. Black magic flew at her and only a quick reaction saved her from being hit.
Alassane rushed to her rescue, striking at Ilyan from the right. Ilyan, however, was prepared and sent Alassane flying back with a powerful spell. He landed on the floor, a sickly, hollow sound resounding through the air when his bones hit the ground. 
Ilyan raised a hand towards him, as if he was establishing some invisible hold on him. Selissa’s eyes widened as she saw skin slowly grow back over his bones. Green flames extinguished and eyes grew back into empty eye-sockets. Soon every inch of Alassane was back to human form, leaving him looking oddly vulnerable. 
“I told you.” Ilyan said patronizing. “I am the master of the dead. You can’t fight me.” 
“Then think about those of us who are still alive.” Selissa said and lunged at him. She took advantage of his attention being on Alassane and sent a fist flying towards the back of his head. He turned his head just in time for her fist to connect with his cheek instead. 
The power surging through her empowered her strike and sent Ilyan staggering backwards. She didn’t give him time to recover, sending a kick towards his stomach. 
However, he was faster than she expected and caught her foot in his hand. She heard the bones creaking under the force of the kick, but he didn’t recoil. 
He threw her leg aside, making her lose her balance and fall to the floor. She quickly rolled to the side and to her feet, avoiding the spell he sent her way.  
“You should just give in. The result will be the same.” He said. 
“If you want me, you will have to kill me.” She taunted as she sent a blast of her own flying. “But you won’t do that, will you?” 
She clearly hit a nerve. Ilyan sneered at her, scars stretching unnaturally, but didn’t say anything. He needed her alive, so there was a limit to how far he could go. 
“Even if you die, there will be more after you.” He said.
Selissa smirked mockingly. “The question is, how long can you wait?” 
Her taunting was met with a flurry of attacks raining down on her. She returned it just as fervently, blocking each attack with one of her own.
Despite that, she found herself being pushed back. 
“I should just kill you here, like I killed him before you.” He spat. She assumed he was talking about Alassane. “Another one will take your place.” 
“You honestly think I’m going to let you kill me?” She asked. She could not afford to lose. If she was going to die, she was going to take him down with her. 
Another powerful blast almost knocked her off her feet. She stumbled back, feeling the magic lick her arms, burning like fire. Ilyan took a step closer, arm raised for another attack. 
“You will die at my feet, just as your useless father did.” He taunted her, voice filled with contempt and disgust. 
The rage that filled her was so powerful she could almost taste it on her tongue. This man had killed her father… It was his fault that she had grown up as an orphan, all because of his deranged scheme. 
She let out a strangled scream of fury and lunged at him. She was done with these games. She wanted to see him dead.
The spell she hurled at him caught him off guard, and he didn’t have time to dodge it. Flames made of white light surrounded him, searing at his already disfigured face. Bits and pieces of flesh started crumbling, disintegrating under the force of the spell. 
He let out a wild howl of pain, before lunging at her blindly. His half ruined face looked like something out of nightmares, as he threw himself at her, knocking them both to the floor. 
His weight pressed her to the floor, and she struggled desperately to get free. He was clawing at her face blindly, like he was trying to claw out her eyes. 
His nails cut into her skin, trying to find their target.  Unable to find any other way to get free, she leaned her head as far back as she could, before ramming it into his skull. 
It worked. The blow sent him scrambling off her, clutching his head. He cried out in fury, his unseeing eyes glaring at her madly. 
She felt the enormous pressure of magic in the room when he summoned up the next spell. It was by far more powerful than anything else he had thrown at her that evening, and suddenly she knew that was happening. He was going to kill her. 
She didn’t have time to move. She was still lying on the floor, unable to get up in time to avoid the burst of magic that was going to end her life. 
She forced herself not to close her eyes. If she was going to die, she was going to be looking into the eyes of the one who killed her. She stared into Ilyan’s disfigured face, just as he hurled the shining black sphere at her. 
She was bracing herself for the impact, when something threw itself in front of her. 
The full force of the spell hit Alassane in the chest, and he was thrown into her with enough force to make them both slide across the floor. 
She gasped for air, Alassane’s limp body crushing her to the floor. She placed her hands on the floor in an attempt at pushing herself up, when she felt something under her fingers.
She was aware of Ilyan walking towards them, but she didn’t move. She laid her head against the floor, listening to his footsteps coming closer. 
“How foolishly noble… To sacrifice himself for someone who is going to die anyway.” He said as he bent down over her. Fingers that were nearly falling apart from the influence of magic closed around her neck. 
She had him right where she wanted him. 
Fingers clutched around the sacrificial knife, she jammed it into his chest. She twisted it, making sure to ram it as far into his cold, black heart as she could. 
“Just die!” She hissed as she pulled the blade out, just to stab it into his chest again and again. 
The fingers around her neck went slack, and his eyes widened in surprise just before the light left them. Blood pooling from his chest, Ilyan slowly slid to the floor as life left his body. 
Her fingers kept clutching the knife, her breathing ragged. Part of her wanted to keep stabbing him, just to be sure he really was dead, but she found the last of her strength leaving her. 
It was over…
She heard a weak moan from the man who was still lying partly on top of her. She let go of the knife, before gently tugging her legs out from under him. She turned him, so he was lying on his back, facing her. 
Alassane was even paler than usual, life slowly leaving his face. Dark brown eyes were looking at her, but not really seeing her. 
“Thank you.” She said softly. She didn’t really know what else to say. 
“That’s why I’m here.” He said, his voice strong despite the light rapidly leaving his eyes.
She put a hand under his head, supporting him the best she could. 
“Are you dying?” She asked quietly. She already knew the answer.
He laughed softly. “I’m already dead.” 
She didn’t cry. After everything that had happened, there wasn’t enough emotion left in her to mourn for him. She merely held him as the skin started to slowly flake off his bones.  She didn’t even flinch as his bones crumbled to dust and there was nothing left of the man she had known as Alassane.

49
She was still kneeling on the floor when Ardeth entered the room. He looked around the room, seeing Ilyan’s mangled corpse on the floor, but didn’t say anything. Silently, he walked towards her and came to stand beside her. 
She looked up at him, but couldn’t find the strength to speak. 
His clothes were torn, and he was bleeding from a wound on his chest, but besides that he looked unscathed. She was vaguely aware that she had to look much worse. She was covered in blood and dust, and the wound on her shoulder was still bleeding heavily. But in spite of that, she felt numb. 
“I guess it’s over then.” He said softly, looking down at her with those deep, dark eyes. Despite the situation, she chuckled. It was an oddly simple thing to say after all that had happened, but she guessed there wasn’t much more to say. 
She started to rise, her legs shaking slightly. Ardeth wrapped an arm around her shoulders, steadying her. 
“Are you okay?” He said, almost whispered as if not to startle her. She looked at him and managed a smile. 
“I will be.” She said. She turned to look at the bloodied body of the Demios leader. She was finally free of him. She would be alright. Eventually. 
“What happened to the undead?” He asked her, while looking around for any signs of Alassane. Selissa shook her head slightly. 
“Gone.” She said slightly. Ardeth seemed to understand perfectly, because he accepted her answer with a nod.
They started to walk through the basement, Ardeth’s arm still wrapped around her. She leaned against him, accepting the support he offered. After all what had happened, she felt she needed it. 
He led her through the rooms confidently, and she followed without a word. They entered the ritual room, and she wasn’t surprised to see dead bodies ripped apart and scattered across the floor. They were no longer moving, and she guessed that the magic that had animated them had died along with Ilyan. 
She spotted Aiken between the lifeless corpses, a bone sticking out from his throat. She supposed he had tried to interfere. Not very successfully. 
Ardeth didn’t stop and led her towards the stairs. She blinked slightly when they got upstairs and sunlight hit her eyes. Had they really been there all night?
Calen sat leaning against a wall, the morning light making him seem even paler. He looked at them as they approached, his eyes more focused than they had been before. He shot her a weak smile when she kneeled down next to him. 
“Hey.” She whispered and gently stroked his cheek. She let her hand drop as she realized it was covered in fresh blood. Calen didn’t seem to mind. 
“Did you get him?” He asked, his voice hoarse and raw, but stronger than it had been when she found him. 
She hesitated for a moment. He had always told her that all life was precious and should be preserved. And here she was covered in the blood of a man she had killed without remorse. 
“I did.” She said softly. He smiled at her. 
“Good. Then it’s over.” He said. He leaned his head back and closed his eyes as If it was an effort to keep them open. 
She stroked his hair softly, reasoning that it was already caked with blood, before standing. She turned to look at Ardeth who was standing a bit away, watching the scene with a slight frown. She left Calen sitting against the wall and walked towards him. 
“What do you want to do now?” He asked her. She thought about his question for a while, not sure she had an answer. 
“I don’t know…” She said. “So much has changed. I think I just need some time to figure out who I am. I’m not sure I’m the same person I once was.” 
He didn’t comment on that. “We could go anywhere.” He said softly. She looked at him surprised. She thought he had merely followed her this far because he was bored. That he would still be with her after it was all over made her happier than it should, but she knew it couldn’t be like that. 
“You can’t come with me.” She said sadly. She didn’t want to say this, but she knew she had to. “These past months people have constantly told me who and what I am, but I need to figure that out on my own.” 
The look in his eyes almost broke her heart. He opened his mouth to protest, but she held her hand up to stop him. She placed it on his cheek, letting it slide into his hair, which had come loose somewhere along the way. She pulled herself closer and kissed him softly, trying to express all those feelings she couldn’t put into words. She felt his arms wrap around her tightly, like he was afraid to let her go. 
She slowly broke away, her hand resting against his cheek. 
“I can’t do this anymore.” She said quietly and pulled away. Ardeth’s face was carefully blank, dark eyes watching her painstakingly. She slowly let her hand drop from his face and stepped away from him. 
She averted her eyes, suddenly finding it hard to look at him. She had never meant to start caring about him. They were worlds apart, and she thought she had been happy keeping it that way. But now, she suddenly found it incredibly hard to tell him goodbye. 
She took a deep breath, still not looking at him. 
“Will you do me a favor?” She asked softly. 
“Anything.” He said. 
She smiled sadly, still looking emptily into the air. “Would you take Calen back to the temple of Issara? I’m not sure I could go back to that place…” 
He was silent for some time, and at first she thought he would refuse. Finally he sighed.
“If that is what you want, I will do it.” He said. Finally Selissa turned to look at him and sent him a grateful smile. 
“Thank you.” She said. 
She wanted to linger, but she knew she had to leave now, if she was going to leave at all.  It would be so easy to just accept Ardeth’s offer, to stay with him, but she had to do this. 
She said nothing as she turned around to leave. There was nothing left to say anyway.



Next book in the Angel’s Voice Series
Silent Sound
Acknowledgments
To my friend Hans Christian who not only pushed me to start writing again, but also created Alassanes’ character and kept encouraging me while I wrote this book. And thanks for designing the most beautiful cover ever.
Jessica, who have become such an invaluable help to me, and have made writing so much fun. Thanks for all the feedback and all the incredible ideas you have given me while writing this, and all the laughs we have had when we were both too sleep deprived to think straight. 
And lastly, to my cat Chaos, who made it her mission to disturb me every time I attempted to write. I’m sorry to say that your attempts at preventing this book from getting finished has failed. 

Follow the Author
On Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/MichelleLouring
On Twitter: http://twitter.com/#!/MLouring
Blog and Website: http://michellelouring.wordpress.com/


