Revolution
Published by Bill Etem at Smashwords
Copyright 2019 Bill Etem
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Cover Art by rebecacovers at www. fiverr.com
Revolution
Table of Contents
Chapter 1.  The Princess and Lil Jyl
Chapter 2.  The Conspiracy
Chapter 3. The Dress Rehearsal
Chapter 4. Escaping Captivity Within City Walls
Chapter 5. A Lovely Boating Excursion
Chapter 6. Lady Kimberley and Lady Naomi
Chapter 7. Profiles in Courage: Bob Newcastle
Chapter 8. Profiles in Courage: Tommy Kolinski
Chapter 9. Profiles in Courage: Maria Verde
Chapter 10. Profiles in Courage: Jyl Silverlight
Chapter 11. Profiles in Courage: JaJyl Goldberg
Chapter 12. The Divine Right of Rightful Queens
Chapter 13. Round up the Traitors and Chop off Their Heads
Revolution
Chapter 1. The Princess and Lil Jyl
Princess Cassandra, the second child and only daughter of King Philip VII and his first wife, the late Queen Angelique, of ever honored memory, strolled in a frantic state of mind across the sparkling marble floors of the Castle.  A terrible toll was being taken upon the sanity of the princess.  She was crushed under no end of anxiety because of the cruel policy of her father’s and of her step-mother’s - this step-mother being Queen Isabella, aka The New Queen – `Out with Old Queen and in with New Queen’ - as the commoners in the kingdom liked to say.
`Damn it!  Damn it!  Damn it!  Damn it all to hell!’ exclaimed the 19-year-old Cassandra, now long past her wit’s end.  Looking on the bright side of things she was no longer suffering endless nightmares.  There were no longer those dark melodramas and delirious frenzies night after night.  Lately it was just the tedium of endless sleepless nights spent tossing and turning with no end to the insomnia in sight.  Such were some of the evil consequences of the wretched insane evil policy authored by the king and his new queen.  Princess Cassandra could only speculate at the long odds she was staring at, at the slim chances she had to survive the ordeal.  How was possible that she wouldn’t soon end up dead or soon lose her battle to remain sane?
Of course, quite understandably, she had been praying a good deal lately.  In fact she was more or less incessantly imploring God to intervene and put an end to the cruel idiocy of the reigning tyrants.  But, as the sands in the hourglass fell away one after the other, as the minutes became days and as the days rolled into weeks, it was becoming more and more apparent that her most anxiously meditated prayers and her most impassioned pleadings with the Deity would not lead to any Divine Intervention.  If begging for Divine assistance was not going to work, then, obviously, God expected her to use her own resources and to look to her own devices to accomplish her own ends.  If nothing decidedly supernatural was going to cancel the evil policy that the Kingdom of Coleraine had decreed and resolved upon for Princess Cassandra’s future, then, obviously, strictly mundane natural agencies were her only hope and her only alternative in escaping from her predicament.
About this insidious policy authored by the ruling tyrants, Cassandra was commanded by her father and step-mother, on the advice and consent of all of their wise and exalted councilors, to wed Prince Ludovico, second in line to the throne of the rich and powerful Galetician Empire.  Cassandra had met Ludovico in the flesh on several occasions, and so she knew for a fact that he didn’t drool long strings of saliva from the corners of his mouth, as some courtiers had reported.  Yet she did know for a fact that his body stank with a foul and hideous stench that made her come close to retching in public, and which made her recoil violently in other ways involving involuntary paroxysms of revulsion.  Prince Ludovico was driven perhaps by several loathsome manias.  But the main offense was a madness, a mania that was driving him to never bathe with soap and water.  The monks had gotten hold of his mind, and they were molding his mind, brainwashing him, as it were, convincing him it was a mortal sin to bathe with soap and water.
It would perhaps be superfluous to mention all of Prince Ludovico’s other negative traits and deficient attributes, to go over in detail all of his other ugly characteristics and surly idiosyncrasies.  The truth of the matter is that if only he didn’t stink so terribly Princess Cassandra though she might be able do something with him, to transform him into a more or less acceptable husband.  Perhaps she overestimated her own abilities, but if only he didn’t reek, then, she imagined, she might certainly be able to mold him into something far from perfect but nevertheless something approaching adequate.  But the dingy reality of it all was that he did stink terribly, stank like a foul sewer, and this rendered whatever possibilities for improvement he might have completely irrelevant in Cassandra’s eyes.
As the weeks passed Princess Cassandra fell deeper and deeper into, first, aimless despair, and then into a state of desperate resolve to take some sort of action.  If those noble souls who always try to look for the good in other people had to find one positive attribute in the person of Ludovico, well, it was universally acknowledged that he detested bloodshed and would run from any sort of battle where lots of blood and gore could be expected.  `He’s a dirty, stinking, depraved coward!’ exclaimed Cassandra right out loud.  `I’m being forced to marry a dirty, cowardly, brainwashed unwashed imbecile.  Please God, just give me an ordinary imbecile!  Not asking for the impossible here.  Not being totally unreasonable here.  I know You’re the Creator of the Great big Universe, and I’m just a weak little nobody down here, but please, please, please just any sort of brainless but sweet-smelling idiot will do, just as long as he doesn’t stink like a hideous sewer, at least give me that much please, dear God, please please O please I beg of You Creator of Heaven and Earth!’ implored Princess Cassandra in a voice subdued enough so the servants couldn’t hear her pleading and even wailing in her despair, or so she thought.
The fact that having some powerful bonds of Holy Matrimony exist between the Kingdom of Coleraine and the powerful Empire of Galeticia would lessen the chances of an invasion of the former by the latter, and perhaps also lessen the odds of an invasion by the neighboring Caliphate of Addis Abdullah, was of course little comfort to Cassandra.
`Be careful, Princess Cassandra!’ exclaimed a 7-year-old orphan girl named Jyl, who was down on her hands and knees scrubbing the marble floor with a brush and some soap and water. `You were about to trip over my bucket of water.’
`So I was.  I might have slipped and broken my neck.  Too bad I didn’t.  You probably saved my life, little one.  The problem with that is I wish I was dead.  I tell you honestly I wish I was dead.’  Princess Cassandra felt remorse for the dark words she was saying to the frightened little blond-haired child.  `Sorry, little Jyl.  Please forgive me.  I don’t want to be so morbidly annoying, but my life has just gone to hell.  All my hopes for happiness have just died and gone to hell.  That right there is the whole sad truth of the matter,’ exclaimed Cassandra.
`Prince Ludovico is a big stinky pig, huh?’
`Yes.  And I am being forced to marry the big stinky pig.  So, naturally, I’m driven to despair, and I’m even driven to contemplating desperate measures, dear Jyl, dear little darling, little sweet-heart.’
`Yeah?  How desperate are you?’
`Let’s go into the library for a few minutes and have a chat.  You can finish your floor cleaning chores later.’
As Princess Cassandra escorted the cute little 7-year-old orphan girl into the library, finding an alcove where they might converse without anyone eavesdropping on them, the Princess recalled how Jyl had first come to the Castle.  A soldier found a baby in a basket 7 years ago.  The basket was sitting right outside the Castle’s drawbridge.  A careless passerby in the dark of night might have accidentally kicked both the basket and the baby right off the high rampart which was right by the drawbridge.  And then 4 months after baby Jyl arrived a second infant in a second basket was found.  It was another girl-child.  The first had been named Jyl and the second was given the name of JaJyl.  These names were the caprice of the same soldier on patrol duty who found both of them.  For a while he was devoted to their welfare.  But then he had the bad luck to have a dagger stabbed through his eye, and driven deep into his brain, during a tavern brawl.  He and either a drunken or insane silversmith had some stupid quarrel, with the upshot that he died from the dagger driven into his brain, and the silversmith went on the run leaving his wife and kids to fend for themselves, reduced to begging in the streets.
`Can you keep a secret?’ asked Princess Cassandra of young Jyl when they were in the library.
`Oh yes!  I love secrets.’
`Promise not to tell anyone?’
`I promise.’
`If you must tell someone tell JaJyl.  I mean, best not to tell anyone, but if you absolutely had to tell someone, if you were going to explode if you didn’t tell anyone, then tell JaJyl.  But make her promise not to tell anyone!  No one else must know the secret!’
`OK.’
`I have to escape.  I simply must run away.  Naturally I don’t want to run away all by myself.  I get real lonely, real easily.  Now, here are some other horrible facts I’m staring at.  There will be agents of the king and queen hunting me.  I’ll have to hide out in the deep dark spooky woods for a few days, or for a few weeks.  I’m looking to run to a faraway city in a faraway country.  I will be safe there.  But even then I will have to be careful that the agents don’t find me and drag me back here to marry the hideous Ludovico.’
`Your best friend, Johanna, will go with you.’
`How do you know that?’
`She told me she would.’
Cassandra pondered that statement in silence for a few seconds.  The Princess assumed there would be speculation by even the youngest people living in the Castle on her possible flight.  Everyone knew she was being forced into a marriage that she hated.  Perhaps lots of people were thinking she had made plans for an escape.  Perhaps many had already come to the conclusion that she would attempt to persuade Johanna to help her in her flight.  But Johanna, 24 years of age, was both Princess Cassandra’s best friend and her chaperone, and the laws of the Kingdom of Coleraine were such that a chaperone to a Princess could expect to be executed in a very painful way – she would have molten lead poured down her throat – if she defied King Philip VII and his laws by helping his daughter evade her filial duties in the matter of the marriage to Prince Ludovico, second in line to the throne of the Galetician Empire.  Cassandra didn’t want to bring up the painful topic with Jyl, or for that matter with Johanna, the topic of the hideous methods of execution awaiting chaperones who purposely helped a princess defy the policy of the king.
`Do you know for a fact that Johanna will help me?’
`One day,’ began Jyl, `Miss Johanna told me and JaJyl that she feared you would run away.  She said that she might be put to death if she was arrested for helping you escape, you know, if she was caught by the king’s soldiers.  But I know she wants to help you escape.’
`She’s very devoted to me, hmm?’
`Yes.’
`I wonder who else might want to help me to escape?’
`You have a good friend in Johanna.  But I’m your friend too!’
`Well it’s like this.  If I run away and if Johanna stays then she will be fired from her chaperone job.  She will lose her position here at the Castle, and of course it is also her job to supervise the 5 orphans who live and work here: you, JaJyl, Bob Newcastle, Tommy Kolinski, Maria Verde.  The king and queen might suspect you knew I was going to run, so they will be displeased with you, and they might either ship you back to the orphanage, where you will have to deal with bullies, and rats, and mice, and lice, and foul food, and stinky beds, or else you might stay here but you might get an evil new boss who will make life hell for you, especially if the king and queen learn you knew that I was going to run, and yet didn’t tell them.  If you come with me things might go great for you, or perhaps things might not go so great for you. It’s hard to predict.  But if you stay behind things will probably be bad for you.  But who knows what will happen?’
`It’s very confusing,’ said Jyl.
`I think you and the other orphans should come with me when I run away.  First, you won’t be executed if you are captured by soldiers of the king!  That’s a big argument in favor of you coming along.  No, they absolutely will not kill you!  The same however can’t be said for that 24-year-old chaperone of mine.  She’s of an advanced age, you see, and the law takes a dim view of aged malefactors.  The judges can be ruthless devils but they won’t pour molten lead down the throats of 7-year-olds!  So the big problem is the problem with Johanna.  She’s strong and brave.  She can kill brigands with her crossbow.  She can also certainly kill with her longbow, and she can no doubt kill with her ability to throw knives.  I need her.  I probably wouldn’t long survive in the wilderness without her.  But I hate to put her to such a risk, and therein lies the whole problem.  But then I will have to ask her to risk her life for me, because, quite simply, I can’t possibly survive on my own.  Plus, even if she stays behind and doesn’t actively help me escape, there some chance that she might be humanely executed, probably beheaded, after being found guilty of one trumped up charge or another.  If Queen Isabella has a mind to chopping Johanna’s head off, I imagine it will happen.’
`All this is both easy enough to understand but also sort of hard, and quite confusing.  Lots can go wrong.  But, I guess, you simply must not marry that stinky guy, and if you evade that wedding then you simply must take Johanna with you…but then, on the other hand, if she ends up getting molten lead poured down her throat…Oh I tell you, Princess Cassandra, it’s all so confusing,’ said little Jyl.
`Indeed so,’ replied Princess Cassandra.
`The hard part is asking people to aid you and to come with you on your escape,’ said Jyl.
`Yeah.  If you come with me there will be some hardship: camping out in cold weather – though we will have plenty of wool coats and wool blankets and lots of vodka to kill the pain of the icy frigid wintry winds – but we will have to live with the fear of capture, plus there will be danger from brigands, some danger from wild beasts – wolves predominantly as the bears are hibernating now – and some danger from pestilence, danger from traitors, danger from cut-throats and highwaymen, danger from witches, dangers from vampires and werewolves, assuming the same exist.  Some people say they don’t exist.  I don’t know though.  The Bible says the Devil exists and says demons exist.  Recall the legion of demons which drove that herd of swine to their deaths from a fall from great heights into the Sea of Galilee.  If the Devil and demons can exist then why can’t werewolves and vampires exist?  Answer me that.’
`And ghouls and goblins and ghosts and malicious sprites and foul specters and…’ professed Jyl until she was interrupted.
`And monsters of all species and subspecies,’ interrupted Princess Cassandra.
`Vampires might be the most frightful of all the hellish creatures,’ said little Jyl. `Having that thing latched on to your neck…’
`Indeed they well might be.  You have a point there, at that.  So, obviously, I will need brave people to come with me,’ said Cassandra.
`Me and JaJyl will go with you!’
`You’re not afraid of monsters lurking in the spooky wilderness at night?’
`Lots of people live on farms, you know, lots of people live outside of city walls, and they don’t seem to die from vampires and werewolves and ghouls very often.  How often do suppose it is that some monster kills someone?’ asked Jyl.
`Probably not very often.  You hear lots of stories, but who really knows where the truth lies in all these stories?  So, it’s settled then.  You’re coming with us!  Yay!’
`And Bobby and Tommy and Maria want to come too.’
`Wow, you kids are really thinking the way I’m thinking. Sounds like you guys have sorted out exactly what you want to do.’
`Johanna has been lecturing us, telling us to watch out for spies, telling us to whisper and not let the cooks or the adult servants hear us when we’re whispering secrets.  Johanna was worried you would run away, worried you would leave before giving her a chance to come with you.’
`Well, of course, I hate to expose her to, you know, horrible forms of death, the most painful kinds of execution, the molten lead stuff, but if I run and if she stays behind the king might still chop her head off, or find a rope and hang her by the neck.  Chaperones are expected to not let their charges run away.  If she was acting the way the king and queen expected her to act then she would have told them already that I need to be locked up in a high tower, and kept locked away until the day I wed smelly Ludovico.  But she’s helping me out by telling the king and queen that I’m looking forward to the marriage.  So, they haven’t locked me away.  Yet I absolutely have to run.  I can’t marry that dirty stinking filthy thing.  That I know for a fact.’
`Johanna says he drools long ropes of saliva.’
`I never saw that.  But the stench!’
`Pretty bad, huh?’ asked Jyl.
`It’s all so disgusting, make me sick just thinking about it.’
`Try not to think about it.’
`I must say you seem to be taking this very well.  The drama.  The impending danger.  The monsters lurking in the dark.  But then, perhaps, it’s more dangerous for you to do nothing.  You might get shipped out to some hideous orphanage if you don’t come with me.  I really think it’s smarter for you to escape with me rather than to stay behind.  Still, you’re really calm!  You’re very calm, cool and collected, aren’t you?’
`I’m not so calm, not really.  I couldn’t sleep for days after Johanna first told us to think about escaping with you!  Like you say, the rats and the lice at the orphanage would be horrible.  And the bullying from the older orphans.  We love it here with you and Johanna.  Everyone is so wonderful here.  The food is great.  The work is pleasant.  But it can’t last.  It just can’t last, can it?
`No.’
`“Change is coming, change is coming,” is what Johanna is always preaching to us,’ admitted Jyl.
`I’ll talk to Johanna.  I’ve been dreading it though.  I’ve been really terrified to ask her to risk her life for me.  Anyway, I have to do it.  I just got to.’
`Sure seems that way,’ agreed Jyl.
`Yes, I’ll ask her today, maybe in a few minutes.  Then we’ll all have a meeting together, you, me, Johanna, the other 4 orphan kids.  Maybe my life won’t be wretched and dreadful life spent with a stinker after all.’
`Johanna said a word I hadn’t heard before.  She said this is like a conspiracy.’
`No, no, nothing like that.  It’s just friends helping friends.  Tyrants like my father and step-mother would call it a conspiracy.  But it’s just friends helping friends.  Truly so.  A conspiracy is when bad guys get together with other bad guys to steal or do something bad.’
`Oh.’
Cassandra rose and escorted Jyl back to her bucket and scrubbing brush.
Certainly a great weight had been lifted off of Cassandra’s delicate shoulders during her talk with young Jyl.  What a relief it was for Cassandra to learn that she was not going to face exile all alone, to not have to be sunk in the darkness of long winter nights all alone, left to wander alone in the wilderness, left to find some city where she would have to continuously worry about people there trying to capture her and ransom her to the king should they discover her true identity.  There were no end of things to worry about if she was all alone during her flight: left to fend for herself against wolves and bears and brigands, having to fear capture by night and by day, having to face all alone who knows what other terrors that await fugitives who escape into the wilderness?
Cassandra reviewed in her thoughts the steps she had taken and the steps which remained to be taken.  Prior to this week, when the king and queen had removed from her custody her more expensive dresses, when they had locked away the gold plates, and the solid gold bowls, and the 24 caret knives and spoons and forks and platters and all the other precious gold utensils used for State Dinners, prior to this week when they locked away every last ounce of every last item of silver and gold, to prevent Cassandra from making money to fund an escape attempt, Cassandra had been able to visit various pawnshops in the city and was able to sell many of the precious gems that she owned.  She sold the diamonds, the emeralds, the rubies and the sapphires which various suitors had given to her in recent years and which she had successfully hidden away from her father and step-mother.
Cassandra’s thoughts were racing while she tried to plan for every contingency, trying to make sure there were no slip-ups.  As of the moment she had roughly 500 gold coins hidden away in the Castle.  Last week she had even more than that sum, but the purchase of an old wooden rowboat, a 17 footer, which was now hidden away in the trees by the shore of the river which flowed past the northern walls of the city, the City of Lerris, the capital of the Kingdom of Coleraine, set her back a few gold coins. On the night of the escape, whenever that happy event was, then, once the 7 of them were free of the city walls, and free of the guards and sentries atop those walls, preferably before the sentries could kill any of the fugitives with bolts from crossbows, the smart thing to do would be to look round for a place to bury 400 of those gold coins, to cache them in some safe and secret location.  It wouldn’t be wise to have brigands steal everything they owned from them, to reduce them to begging for food in a few horrible moments.  100 gold coins would buy enough bread, beef, beer, cheese and apples to keep 7 people going for at least a year.  Eventually they would have to start some sort of business.  Was 500 gold coins going to be enough to start a thriving operation?  She wondered if she ought to try to break into the storeroom holding the golden plates and bowls.  This theft would involve dangling from a rope, one end of which would be tied to her waist and the other end would be wrapped round a crenellation on the parapet atop the Castle.  She would need a hacksaw to cut through the steel bars covering the widow to the store-room.  But if she was caught, well, then she would find herself locked away until the day she was shipped off to wed Ludovico.
Cassandra was soon thinking she would attempt to steal one or several of her step-mother’s most elegant silk dresses.  She wouldn’t pawn them in the City of Lerris, as that might result in the execution of the pawnbroker, but in a distant city one of the Queen’s best silk dresses would retail for 300 gold coins, so she ought to be able to get at least 100 to 150 gold coins for it.  Lots of rich merchants will buy second hand stuff but will then sell it as brand new and never-before-worn items.  That’s how rich merchants get rich.
Princess Cassandra, as she walked by a huge marble entablature on her search for Johanna, was oppressed by the thought that her present sum of 500 gold coins was not going to be enough to see them through to happiness and prosperity.  Merely to get a prosperous restaurant running, or an inn, or a brewery, or a seamstress’ shop, or a bootleg whiskey operation – well, those sorts of things always require more money than you think they will require.  Cassandra resolved to try to steal as many of her step-mother’s most elegant silk dresses as she could.  She had also resolved to take decisive action with another worry.  What I mean is, well, do you know how people will say they are with you, people will say they will help you in perilous undertakings, will make bold claims saying the will help you in your death-defying adventures, but then at the last second they will back out of the deal?  Doesn’t it seem as if some people are all talk and all promises, but when it comes time for action, then they get very timid: they get super super careful and cautious, and of course once they get super cautious then they forget all about their promises to help you?  People always get scared at the moment of truth, and then they say they just want to be prudent and wise, and so they cancel all of their earlier promises to help you in your perilous adventures and death-defying undertakings.  Have you ever noticed how lots of people can be like that?
Chapter 2.  The Conspiracy
The youngest of the foundlings in the Castle, JaJyl, with her dark hair falling into her eyes as she knelt on the marble floor, scrubbing the same with enthusiastic energy, one might almost say scrubbing away with a furious and unnatural energy, well, in any event, there were lots of marble floors which needed scrubbing with lots of surplus energy.  Poor little JaJyl!  Her days were filled with drudgery and her nights were filled with either ferocious nightmares or crushing insomnia.  Even while at the humble task of scrubbing the marble floors of the Castle she was shaking with fear, trembling with suspicion that something terrible was about to happen to her.  And how could it be otherwise?  Johanna had warned her weeks ago to be ready to run, to be ready to escape with the Princess when Johanna gave her the news that they were ready to make their escape.  A whirlwind was engulfing little JaJyl.  Events, alarming events, were quickly being set into motion.  All her nightmares and daytime fears and feverish hallucinations were leading JaJyl to think the world was quickly spinning out of control.  The planets and the sun were spinning round the earth in their usual orbits, but it seemed to young JaJyl that the same earth and the same planets were about to be plunged into the sun.
Johanna told Jyl and JaJyl, this very day, that there would be a `Dress Rehearsal.’  Johanna had some explaining to do, as both Jyl and JaJyl had no idea what that meant.  It meant that Princess Cassandra wanted to see if the orphans would allow themselves to be lowered by ropes from atop the Castle to the flagstones 70 feet below.  Then Princess Cassandra and Johanna would haul them right back up.  In theory it would all be super easy.  There was really no possibility of danger or accident.  All 5 of the orphans had promised Johanna that they would be brave and wouldn’t get hysterical or make any noise while on the ropes, while hanging at great heights above the ground.  It would only take 5 minutes.  Just 5 minutes to be lowered down and then to be hauled right back up.  Plus, tonight was just practice.  It was merely a dress rehearsal.  When they made their real escape they would of course have to use ropes from the parapets atop the Castle.  There was just no other way to escape from this stronghold of a Castle.  The guards weren’t going to let them just walk right out the front door, or any of the other doors for that matter.
So, even though it was just practice, just a dress rehearsal, nevertheless, JaJyl was beside herself with fear.  Johanna and Cassandra were telling her over and over that even if they were captured during their escape, she, JaJyl, was never going to have any sort of painful punishment. JaJyl seemed to understand that, but the concept that Johanna, if caught, would have molten lead poured down her throat, naturally led JaJyl to distrust the people responsible for pouring molten lead down Johanna’s throat!  JaJyl focused her thoughts, if not with razor-sharp clarity, then, nevertheless, with sufficient focus and understanding on a single question: If the king and queen were capable of directing enormous barbarism at Johanna, then, just what sort of barbarism were they capable of directing at JaJyl?
JaJyl had some painful experience from working in the kitchen, some experience with spilling hot oil on her arm.  The image of having molten lead poured down her throat was keeping JaJyl awake at night, keeping her in a crippling state of fear and anxiety.
She dunked the scrubbing brush which she was holding in her bucket of soapy water.  Back and forth she went.  Back and forth.  Scrubbing here, scrubbing there.  Her motions were so methodical but her thoughts were racing so wildly, so uncontrollably.  They were speeding forth between fears of capture and fears of forgetting the many instructions she had been given, such as the instructions on how to avoid capture during the escape.  Down the side of the Castle wall she would go at the end of a rope.  Then she would be pulled right back up.  Back and forth she scrubbed.  Up and down she went along the Castle wall, back and forth she scrubbed, up and down, up and down…
`Oh hell!  Oh hell!  I hate this, I hate this,’ whimpered little JaJyl.
As JaJyl vacillated between the fear of running, the fear of escape and then capture, and the fear of not running, the fear of being sent off to an orphanage full of strangers, as she was vacillating between the fear of the punishment which would hit her if they were captured, and the fear of not running, the fear of not helping Princess Cassandra, JaJyl tried to calm herself by focusing on how tonight was only a dress rehearsal.  Tonight was just practice.  But the whirlwind was too violent to stop.  Her thoughts just blew round and round inside her head like a hurricane of emotion.  Her fears focused for a second on being shipped off to a cruel orphanage, to a place filled with mean older kids, filled with rats and mice and lice, filled with despair and poverty and drudgery, all of which would hit her over the head if she was too fearful to follow Princess Cassandra and the others in the daring escape.  But then in the next moment all her fears were focused on being murdered by pirates, or captured by pirates and sold as a slave to wicked men….aha!...Little JaJyl could only stare down at the cold motionless marble, stare down in her never-ending despair.  She remained as motionless as the marble, frozen like stone.  She let her mind race wildly though while the rest of her remained perfectly still, while she stared down at the glistening pallor of the floor spread out beneath her.  JaJyl wondered if her eyeballs would pop out of their sockets when she was out in the wilderness, when she was beyond the protection of the Castle and the city walls, while she was being hanged by the neck by brigands.  She had heard that sometimes this very thing happened to people, such as condemned criminals, as they danced at the end of a rope while being strangled to death.
`Stop your day-dreaming and get back to yer scrubbin!’ exclaimed Tommy.
JaJyl twitched hard at the sound of his voice, twitched as if she was stabbed with a needle.  She thought for a second there that an elderly supervisor or some anonymous guard had caught her slacking at her work.
`Did I give you a heart-attack?’ asked Tommy.
`Almost.’  JaJyl liked Tommy but it was Bobby that she had a crush on.
`We’re meeting in the library.  Right now,’ whispered Tommy in JaJyl’s ear.
JaJyl watched as Tommy departed.  Then she slowly rose from her sore knees and walked to the library.  King Philip needed over a mile of shelving to hold all of the books that he owned in this wondrous expansive Castle of his, not that he had read more than 5 inches worth of books stacked on all of those shelves.  Numerous forebears dating back over 1,000 years were enthusiastic bibliophiles.  But Philip was no scholar.  His tastes ran to gambling, hunting, womanizing, and to his credit he took an interest in logging, agriculture, distilling, brewing and mining.  The Kingdom of Coleraine had grown rich largely off of timber and mining: gold mining, silver mining, copper mining, iron mining, diamond mining, tin mining etc.  The region was prosperous: rich in saw mills, in paper mills, in furniture making factories, having no end of tradesmen working as goldsmiths, silver smiths, coppersmiths; having as well: breweries, vodka distilleries, gin distilleries, bourbon distilleries etc.
Chapter 3. The Dress Rehearsal
Princess Cassandra gathered them all together between two high shelves after checking and double-checking to make sure no one would be eavesdropping.
`Now, tonight is just a dress rehearsal.  Everyone understands that we are not actually escaping from the Castle tonight, correct?’ began the Princess, looking at the two youngest orphans, Jyl and JaJyl.  `I just want to make sure that everyone is able to handle the excitement, such as the excitement of being lowered from the parapet, being lowered into darkness from atop the Castle, to the ground 70 feet below the top of the castle.  It will take some guts, some courage to endure such death-defying heights.  You guys will have to be brave to completely trust Johanna and me, when we say we will not let you fall.  You’re not going to die!  You will not be injured!   If you are nevertheless too afraid to let me or Johanna help you down, via the ropes, that’s OK!  We can practice with the ropes some more on the back stairs, though, I think, that sometimes you just have to be brave and put one foot in front of the other, and just start marching.  So please be brave tonight.  And please don’t weep or scream or make any sort of big fuss.  Don’t even whisper unless absolutely necessary.  I’m sure I will ask you to be brave more than a few times tonight.  But if you just can’t do it then we’ll practice some more on the back staircase.  We won’t force you to descend 70 feet into darkness.  But please try your best to be brave.  Will you guys do that, please?  Will you be brave?’
`I’ll be brave,’ exclaimed the 9-year-old Bobby.
`What about you, Maria?’ asked Cassandra of the 11-year-old orphan.
`Yeah.  I suppose so.  Don’t see why I can’t.  If them kids can do it then I can do it.’
`What about that, Jyl and JaJyl?  Can you do it?  Yes?  No?  You can?  Excellent!  Very good indeed.  Rule Number 1 – must be brave.  Rule Number 2 - we must be super quiet tonight.  Don’t let the guards hear you!  Two big things to remember!  You don’t have to remember a million things!  Just remember 2 things.  What are they, Bobby?  That’s right!  Be brave and be quiet…Be brave and be quiet.  Got it.  OK.  Be brave and be quiet….Wow, if you guys don’t understand these 2 things by now I’m not sure you’ll ever understand.  But, again: be brave and be quiet.  We’ll get to the parapet about 10 minutes from now.  Then we’ll wait till we hear the clicking of the sentry’s boots on the flagstones below us.  Once he passes on by then he won’t be back for at least 5 minutes, probably closer to 10 minutes.  He has to walk all the way around the Castle, you know.  You don’t have to remember all this stuff.  All you have to remember is to be brave and to be quiet…Anyway…So….once the sentry passes on by, Johanna and me will lower you 3 girls, ladies first they always say, over the side of the Castle.  Then you untie the ropes that are tied round your waists, or your hips, either way, whatever you want.  OK so that’s 3 things to remember.  Be brave, be quiet and untie the ropes when you get to the ground.  Then you have to wait a little.  You’ll get used to the darkness after a minute or two.  Relax.  If a sentry catches you just say you were having a little fun with some ropes.  Don’t forget to untie yourselves from the ropes!  We need to pull the ropes back up, so we can tie the ropes to the boys.  And then Johanna and I will lower Bobby and Tommy, then they will untie the ropes tied round their waists, after they have reached the ground – Don’t untie the ropes before you reach the ground!  You’ll reach the ground real fast, and it will hurt a whole lot, if you do that! Don’t crack your head open by untying from the ropes too soon!  So, where was I?  Oh yeah, so the boys will get safely down.  You guys practiced and practiced this stuff long before I even knew Johanna was going to help me escape.  Yes, the boys get lowered, safely, then you two 7-year-old girls will have to wait some more while Maria and me get to slide down the ropes.  Well, Maria will be tied on to one rope, but I’ll just slide down.  Johanna doesn’t need any practice so she will stay atop the castle and will pull everyone back up.  Then we go to our beds and we go to sleep.  The Dress Rehearsal will be over.  I’ll help everyone tie themselves back on to the ropes, just as you guys practiced, practiced over and over, and everyone will be pulled back up.  Ok.  Ready?  Jyl, you ready?’
`Yes, Princess Cassandra.’
`JaJyl, will you be brave?’
`Yes, Princess Cassandra.’
`Great!’ said Cassandra.
`Let’s head up to the top of the castle,’ said Johanna.  Princess Cassandra and I have the ropes already hidden up there, just waiting to be used for some more practice.’
With that Princess Cassandra led the way from the library, helped by Johanna, and helped by everyone else for that matter, in looking right and left, and up and down, to make sure the hallways they hurried down and the staircases they ascended were clear of guards, and clear of witnesses, as they made their advance upon the high towers and dark parapets of the Castle.
While still ascending the stairs, Cassandra and Johanna removed small woolen coats, and woolen stocking caps, and woolen mittens and gloves, from a canvas sack Cassandra was carrying.  Then when they were about to reach the door leading outside and to the high battlements everyone bundled up.  Cassandra thought it sort of funny that the two boys, the two 9-year-olds, were shaking with fear, barely able to put their arms into their coat-sleeves, whereas the two 7-year-old girls seemed quite composed.
A blast of the cold wintry wind assailed them as they exited the warmth of the Castle and went outside. While they crouched low, waiting for the sound of the sentry’s boots on the flagstones far below them, Cassandra and Johanna decided on a slight alteration in the plan.  The new plan called for Cassandra to lower Maria on one rope, and the stronger Johanna would lower, at the same time, both Jyl and JaJyl on 2 other ropes.  Each would be tied to her own rope.  Johanna wanted it that way, and she didn’t want to explain why she wanted it that way, beyond saying she could easily handle lowering the two smallest kids on two ropes.  Cassandra and Johanna wore leather gloves to guard against the rope burning the flesh on the palms of their hands, plus they planned on wrapping the ropes round their legs, and over their shoulders, to ensure that they didn’t lose their grip on the rope, causing some kids to fall far too quickly.
The first flaw in their overall plan made itself known when they saw the shadowy form of the sentry, a barely perceptible shadowy form made visible only by dim starlight - it was a moonless night - but they couldn’t hear his boot steps on the gravel and the flagstones due to the howling of the wind.  They choose the western side of the Castle, as this was the side away from the lights of the city of Lerris.  These were dim city lights indeed but they still illuminated to some feeble degree the 3 other sides of the castle.  Cassandra and Johanna checked and double checked that the 3 ropes were securely tied to Maria, Jyl and JaJyl.  Then, when the sentry disappeared from sight, Maria was the first to slip off the parapet, just as she had been trained while training on the dining room table, moving without any clumsy motion, or loud banging, or any sort of amateurish folly.  Jyl and JaJyl were weeping more or less silently, and shivering from both fear and the cold winds.  The darkness, and the heights they were at, with the world spread out so far below them, triggered panic in both of them.  Johanna had to tell them, `You’re brave, you’re brave, you’re brave!  And this is just practice.  You will soon be warm and snug and sleeping in your beds.’
Johanna persuaded Jyl and JaJyl to be brave, and quiet.  She eased their panic, and then she helped them slide off the parapet.  Johanna was ready to haul both of the littlest girls up fast if she heard either one of them crying or, for that matter, screaming at the top of her lungs.  But the seconds elapsed as both were lowered away and all remained quiet.  Once Jyl and JaJyl reached the flagstones it took longer than Cassandra and Johanna had reckoned for the two 7-year-olds to untie themselves.  The seconds slipped away as Maria lent them a hand and eventually the ropes were untied, hauled up and retrieved and then the boys were tied to 2 of those ropes.
Cassandra and Johanna were delayed by having to repeat over and over comforting words, imploring the two panicking lads to remember that if Jyl and JaJyl could go over the high parapet without bawling then they could do it too.  The logic was far from perfect, given the eccentricities and idiosyncrasies of individuals – some people have a terrible phobia for heights while others don’t - but Tommy and Bobby were far from expert logicians and they fully bought the logic which Princess Cassandra and Miss Johanna were selling.  And of course the boys were reassured, over and over, that tonight was merely practice.  No big deal.  Nothing to be afraid off.  The seconds ticked away as the boys summoned up every ounce of courage they were capable of summoning.  Finally the two boys were lowered away, and in two minutes or less they were on the ground, joining Maria, Jyl and JaJyl.  Once they were untied Princess Cassandra pulled up the two ropes.  In the meantime, Johanna coiled up the third rope and tied it to her backpack.  Cassandra did the same with one of the ropes she retrieved.   And then Miss Johanna and Princess Cassandra took turns, climbing over the parapet and sliding down the one remaining rope.  Both made sure to get good strong grips on that rope with their gloved hands, and they of course they wrapped their legs round it as well, for added security, and then both quickly slid down rope, one after the other, each reaching the ground in less than a minute’s time.
Maria and the 2 boys, and the 2 littlest girls, were whispering frantically: `Why are you here?  Who will pull us back up?  What are you doing?’
`Listen to me,’ whispered Princess Cassandra. `No one saw us descend from the parapet.  There was no sentry up there and no sentry down here on the ground has seen us.  I know I promised I would haul you right back up.  But let’s just look around a little.  Let’s walk down a few streets.  It will give us some practice finding our way in the dark.  We need some practice!  We need to practice now so that, on the night that we really do escape, we will know the best way to go.  We’re safe right now because no guards have seen us.  And look how dark it is!  No moonlight!  No starlight either with these obscuring clouds.  Yes, too many clouds.  You can barely see the rope still hanging there against the Castle wall.  Let’s just practice a little more.  First, we must move away from the Castle before the sentry returns.  Just be quiet and everything will be OK.  Let’s just get a little more practice before we haul you guys back up the rope.’
Johanna, who was in on the plot with Cassandra, being a co-conspirator in the deception to convince the 5 orphans that tonight was only a Dress Rehearsal, when in fact they were making their real escape tonight, ushered the terrified kids away from the castle, escorting them as silently as they could, moving from dark shadow to dark shadow where leafless trees blocked to some extent the slight reflection of the city lights off of the low cloud-cover.  They walked quickly across the parkland surrounding the castle, taking care to not stumble, doing everything they could think of to not draw attention to themselves, to not alert any sentries or citizens about their daring flight away from the ruling tyrants.
Soon they crouched low and scrambled down a grassy hill.  At the bottom of the hill they could take any of several streets.  These streets were all dark and gloomy, free of pedestrians, at least as far as they could discern in the murk.  It was quite impossible to tell if one street was any better than the others.
`Is this really just a Dress Rehearsal?’ asked Maria.
`Oh yes,’ lied Princess Cassandra.
`Are you sure this is just practice?’ asked Tommy.
`Oh yes, we’ll be back in the Castle very soon,’ whispered Johanna, with very believable deceitful insincerity.  `We’ll be sleeping in our beds in the Castle in just a little while.’
`Listen here.  What we should do is this,’ said Cassandra. `We’ll walk a little ways away from these stores and shops.  Let’s try at least to get to the more industrial parts of the city.  We’ll get out of this retail district.  Once we have reached the industrial part of the city then we can turn around and head back to the Castle.  No doubt we will find the rope still hanging against the Castle’s wall right where we left it. The Johanna will climb up the rope.  Then I’ll climb up it.  Then the two of us will haul all of you kids right back up to the top of the Castle.  Then we’ll get some sleep in our warm beds.  But, you see, for right now, at this minute in time, we really need to explore the city some.  We need to get accustomed or at least get a sense of the dangers lurking at night.  It’s great practice!  This is the best practice, and we need to practice, to prepare ourselves for every eventuality.  I will run back to the Castle, but not now, later, a little later.  If the rope is not where we left it then we know that a guard found it.  And he will probably tell someone, probably tell the captain of the guards.  I should think he would certainly tell someone.  But who knows, maybe the guy is a lazy ass, or perhaps he wants me to escape.  Perhaps he will hide the rope, and will say nothing, thinking that by doing so he is helping me to escape, plus he would incriminate himself, and anyone else who works tonight as a sentry if the rope is found in the morning light.  The sentries will get blamed and will be punished for not finding that rope earlier.  Anyway, you guys are doing great!  You’re brave and you’re quiet, all five of you.  But you know what will happen if Johanna gets caught helping the me practice for her real escape, even though this is just a dress rehearsal.  She gets the molten lead poured down her throat.  Talk about an excruciating thing to have happen to you.  Come on kids, have a heart.  Do you want to see Miss Johanna tortured to death?  No?  Well good!  I should hope you wouldn’t want that!  So, let’s take the necessary steps which will prevent Miss Johanna from being tortured to death, OK?  That sound sensible to you?  All right then.  Glad you agree.  Now for the next order of business.  Let’s move quickly from this place.  Those shadows over to our left look like they might be trouble for us.  They could be some punks, some street thugs, maybe just maybe.  Who knows what or who they are exactly?  I don’t know.  Let’s just walk down that street over there to the right of us.  Jyl and JaJyl, hold my hands.  Tommy and Bobby and Maria, you guys grab on to Johanna’s coat.  Let’s go for a little evening stroll.  It will be fun.  I’ll come back a little later to see if the rope is still there.’
Princess Cassandra gave each of the 3 girls a big hug; then she gave the 2 boys 2 big hugs; then she and Johanna began ushering the kids further and further away from the shops and closer and closer to the Northern Wall of the City of Lerris.
Chapter 4. Escaping Captivity Within City Walls
 As the vacated the retail sections of the city and wound their way down dark thoroughfares toward the industrial sections, Johanna and Cassandra both had their crossbows loaded with bolts ready to fire.  Once past the Castle sentries the next danger was being molested by street toughs, by cut-throats and cut-purses plying their trade and lurking in the dark.  Both Johanna and Cassandra walked boldly and didn’t hesitate to declare they had loaded crossbows and didn’t hesitate to threaten to kill those who advanced on them.  Twice they had to bark out sharp orders.  Even Maria and the boys, and the littlest girls too, had their daggers drawn.  The orphans weren’t exactly strutting and swinging their daggers like seasoned professionals, to put it mildly.  There wasn’t any swagger in their strides.  Still they weren’t whimpering like little babies as they watched grown men approach them and then retreat from them, after being warned off by Johanna and Cassandra.  Johanna had to kill one of the punks.  It was either kill him or be killed by him.  He was swinging a knife and demanding money.  Johanna pierced him with a missile from her crossbow.  His dying screams no doubt served as a warning to other street punks to stay away.
But, nevertheless, as they advanced closer and closer to the Northern Wall, a few brave or cowardly thieves still menaced them from time to time.  Yet, aside from the one killing, whenever Princess Cassandra and Johanna warned the approaching thugs about their loaded crossbows, and told them they would die if they didn’t back off, the thugs all turned and walked away.
They were now in the industrial district.  From time to time the fires within a factory illuminated the street.  The air was filled with clouds of smoke.  When 30 minutes had elapsed since the last time the orphans had asked when either Miss Johanna or Princess Cassandra was going to walk back to the castle, to see if the rope was still hanging where they had left it hanging, Princess Cassandra was becoming confident that the kids must know, by now, that she was lying when she told them that tonight was only a dress rehearsal.  And then, a little later, she heard Maria whisper to Jyl, in a mocking tone, that she, Maria, was getting sleepy and was so very glad, so exceedingly glad, that she would soon be returning to the Castle to get some sweet wonderful sleep in her warm bed.  And then even little Jyl was emboldened enough to say in a sarcastic tone words to the effect that that she wished that tonight was not merely a dress rehearsal, wished that they were in fact making their real escape tonight.
No doubt dread of the punishment hanging over Miss Johanna’s head, as well as the more immediate fear of being stabbed by the knives carried by a gang of street toughs, had distracted the other kids, the more naïve kids, a good deal, distracted them from asking when either Miss Johanna or Princess Cassandra was planning on returning to the Castle to check on a rope.  But when the Northern Wall of the City became visible even the most naïve of the kids, Bobby and Tommy and JaJyl, were getting concerned, and then all three were asking some tough questions.  Princess Cassandra could very well see they were angry about the deception, and so she announced that she was going to run back to the Castle to see if the rope was still there where they left it.
`I’ll run back.  I’m going to make sure no alarms are being trumpeted.  I’ll check to see if any guards are looking for some missing kids.’
`What do you want to bet,’ began Maria, `that she comes back in 10 minutes and tells us the rope is gone, so that, therefore, surprise surprise, we are forced to escape the city tonight?’
`I think you would win that bet,’ said Tommy.
`I know you’re out of your wits with fear, Tommy, but please remember to address Princess Cassandra with the respect which is her due,’ said Johanna.
`But you guys lied to us,’ said Maria.
`You don’t know that for a fact.  Perhaps we have merely left our options open.  Now listen to me.  While Princess Cassandra runs back to the Castle let’s not just sit here by the wall and wait around for some thugs to murder us,’ said Johanna.
`Yeah.  Don’t stay down here and let some gang of thieves and murderers catch you,’ whispered Princess Cassandra as she got ready to leave them.
`You said tonight was just practice.  You lied to us,’ said Jyl and JaJyl in unison.
`Look here,’ replied Princess Cassandra. `The stairs to the top of the wall, those over there, are not so far distant.  Right?  And notice how there are very few torches atop the wall.  Lots of places to hide in the darkness.  While I run back to the Castle, you kids go with Miss Johanna.  You got your knives.  She’s got her crossbow and lots of knives.  You should be able to defend yourselves against most anything you’re likely to meet.  If the rope is not been found…
`Oh, please!  We know you intend to escape tonight,’ said Maria.
`Well, how often do I have to repeat myself?  Miss Johanna is taking a terrible risk.  We have to think about Johanna!  If you refuse to escape tonight I still have to go back to the Castle to see if we can get you back into the Castle.  But please try to think about Johanna.  Every second we delay we risk having her captured.  Please be brave and escape with us.’
`No!’ cried Bobby. `I want to go back to the castle.  There are witches outside the wall.  There are demons, and witches, and monsters.  There are vampires and werewolves and the most hideous beasts beyond that wall!’
`Now just listen,’ said Johanna.
`No!  We want to go back to the Castle right now,’ said all the kids.
`OK.  Back you go.  But stay right here until I come back,’ whispered Princess Cassandra. `Maria, would you please come with me?  Yes?  Good.  Together we will check on that rope.  We will go and see if the guards at the Castle are looking for us.  Come with me now, Maria.’
The two of them started walking in the direction of the Castle. The dim figures of Princess Cassandra and Maria were slowly becoming invisible to Johanna and to the remaining 4 orphan children as Cassandra and Maria dissolved into the murk and gloom of the night, as they retreated in the direction of the Castle.
They became invisible long before they ducked round a corner.
`I am not going to walk back to the Castle,’ said Princess Cassandra.
`Like I didn’t already know that,’ said Maria.
`Will you come with me tonight, or will you stay here in the city?  If you decide to stay in the city I will take you to a friend’s house.’
`I will stay with you,’
`Good.  Let’s walk round the block and then return to the others. If those other four kids are too terrified to escape over the wall, Johanna will give them some vodka mixed with fruit juice.  We got lots of vodka.  It will give those kids some courage.  If that doesn’t work I will have to take them all to my friend’s house.’
Cassandra and Maria walked slowly and silently round the city block.  Cassandra had her crossbow.  There was a dagger in the 11-year-old Maria’s right hand, and a dagger as well in her left hand.  They had little to do but walk in silence as they listened for the footsteps of advancing guards or advancing thieves.  
When they had circled the entire city block, which took them roughly 10 minutes, Cassandra and Maria located the dim but still discernible shadows of Johanna and the 4 youngest orphans, right where they had left them.  Cassandra had a feeling that everything was going to work out, because, the kids seemed to be drinking something that Johanna was handing to them: it was hard to tell for sure in the dark what exactly was going on.  Soon enough Princess Cassandra and Maria saw what was now plain to see.  The 4 youngest orphans were drinking fruit juice laced with vodka.  It had become quite obvious that some people needed some liquid shots of courage.  
`Who could these shadowy people be?’ asked Princess Cassandra.
`Did you get lost and forget the way back to the Castle?’ asked Bobby.
`You sound pretty brave to address Princess Cassandra in that way,’ said Tommy.
`Yeah I do sound rather cavalier don’t I?  I wonder what made me so brave so suddenly?’
`There’s a beautiful view of a torch-lit Western Gate from atop the walls,’ whispered Johanna.
`Don’t want to see no stupid gate.  I want to go back to the Castle,’ said Tommy.
`Are you guys afraid to climb some stupid old stairs?’ asked Johanna.
`I’m not afraid,’ said Maria.
`What about you, Tommy, are you afraid to climb some stupid old stairs?’ asked Johanna.
Jyl and JaJyl suddenly started climbing the stairs.  And then Bobby and Tommy followed them up.  Pretty soon all 7 of them were atop the wall.  Johanna scanned for sentries while ushering them toward a point roughly half-way between two torches.  There were torches positioned atop the wall at 100 yard intervals.  The sentries were too far distant to be of any great concern.  Even if they were closer the sentries would only take alarm if they saw people escaping over the wall.  There was no law and no curfew against loyal subjects of the crown taking a stroll atop the city walls at night.  These subjects helped, after all, to keep a lookout for invaders.  Now if only the 7 of them could get to a dark corner, one cast in shadows and concealed from the view of the sentries.
Johanna located the very spot which they required. 
`More fruit juice anyone?’ asked Johanna.
`You’re getting us drunk, aren’t you?’ said Jyl.
`No, no.  Of course not.  It’s cold out.  It’s midwinter.  A little vodka numbs the pain of the cold, that’s all,’ replied Johanna.
After everyone had a few more gulps of the magical bravery-inducing fruit juice, Johanna was surprised to hear Bobby exclaim to her: `Tie me on to your rope and drop me over the side!  That wall is no more than 50 feet high.  That’s nothing.’  Then Cassandra and Johanna had to scold the kids to be quiet because they were soon squabbling about which 2 would get to be lowered next, after Bobby and Maria were lowered over the wall.  When these two reached the ground, and after what seemed 5 minutes for them to untie themselves from the ropes, Johanna threw a few half hitches round the waists of the 7-year-olds, Jyl and JaJyl , told them she was proud of them for being so brave, and calm, and quiet, and then she proceeded to lower them both over the side, watching closely as both disappeared into the darkness.  In a few more minutes Tommy was lowered, and then Princess Cassandra and Johanna took their leave of the City of Lerris and the Northern Wall, sliding swiftly down a rope to meet the others waiting for them below on the frozen turf.  One rope they took with them.  The other remained tied to a crenel atop the wall.
Princess Cassandra was too nervous to congratulate herself just yet.  But she was growing more confident as the seconds passed that they would escape the City undetected.  She scanned for sentries.  One never knew where they might show up.  Perhaps some guards were detailed to patrol beyond the walls.  The 7 of them scanned their surroundings, casting their gaze as far as the darkness would permit.  Between the City Walls and the river Asseryx, which flowed on the northern side of the city, was the southern bank of that wide stream.  On this southern bank there weren’t any great clusters of evergreens in which to hide a rowboat.  But the northern bank was well-forested, thick with pines and spruce, abounding with places where one might safely cache just such a craft.
They were all safely moving away from the thin illumination of the scattered torches atop the wall.  In less than 100 paces they arrived at the river.
`Wait here.  Don’t run off now!  Just kidding you.  That’s not real likely that you would run off now, I dare say.  Wait here.  I’ll go get the rowboat,’ said Princess Cassandra at the river’s edge.
Cassandra was able to wade across some of the width of the river, being forced to swim perhaps only 70 or 80 yards of its breadth.  She was clad in wool pants and a wool sweater, after shedding her heavier garments before taking her swim.  As you might imagine, following her swim in the frigid river, she was wildly and uncontrollably shivering as she staggered up the northern bank of the Asseryx.  In near total darkness Cassandra pulled off all of her drenched clothing.  Invisible to those on the far shore, lost in the black expanse of a moonless night, Princess Cassandra was now completely naked.  She was like some lonely savage in the primeval wilderness.  As the Princess searched for the rowboat which she had hidden in the neighboring evergreens only a few days earlier, branches tore at her skin, bruising her slightly but not causing her to bleed.  She was struggling some to find the hidden boat.  She knew she was close to it but 15 minutes were still required to locate it, along with all the sacks of clothing and all the sacks of provisions she had deposited in that boat.  Cassandra found a towel which she put to use in drying her skin and hair.  Then she pulled on dry under garments, pants, and dry sweaters, once she found the same in the rowboat.    There was no commotion involving any guards to be detected, in what little light the torches gave.  All was quiet.  Cassandra had no reason to worry that Johanna and the kids would not be standing on the far bank, right where she left them, though they were too far away and too lost in the darkness to be visible.  Cassandra hurriedly wrung the water out of the wet clothes that she had earlier stripped off.  Then she flung those clothes into the rowboat.  She was careful to be as stealthy as possible as she dragged the rowboat toward the river.  Naturally she didn’t care to have lots of sentries hear lots of banging from a wooden boat on shore rocks coming to them from her direction.  
She slipped in the mud as she dragged the rowboat into the water.  Upon hauling herself up out of the mud, and then hauling herself aboard, Cassandra didn’t try to row upstream, didn’t attempt to row toward the spot where she thought the others would be waiting.  No sense in fighting a 5 mph current, she reasoned.  She rowed a course perpendicular to the current and was therefore carried perhaps an eighth of a mile downstream.  Facing toward the northern bank as she rowed, her back toward the City Walls, Cassandra wondered if her luck was too good to be true.  When the bow of the rowboat struck the mud on the southern bank, Johanna and the others were right there waiting for her.  They were able to see her dim shadowy outline once she was halfway across the river.
Bobby felt an inclination to say something like: `Wow, you were so fast in running back to the castle and checking those ropes, so fast in checking to see if anyone back at the castle detected our escape, but you were so slow in getting this rowboat rowed over to us.’  He was still feeling quite bold and intrepid from the vodka.  And he was feeling comfortable because Johanna had been thanking the kids, while Cassandra was away, thanking them for their courage, and their silence.  Bobby was slowly coming round to the realization that Cassandra’s and Johanna’s deception was justified.  But then he was drunk.  So his thoughts could hardly be called clear and well-formulated.  How would the 9-year-old feel about events and circumstances when he sobered up?
`While you fetched the boat,’ began Johanna, `I went all over the whole subject of our little deception and our quaint little subterfuge, the phony dress rehearsal thing, the fact that you and me always intended for tonight to be the night that we made our real and true escape, whereas we led the kids to believe that tonight was just practice, just a dress rehearsal, not the real thing – I’ve been all over all that stuff with these guys.’
`Sorry, guys, but Johanna and me suspected you youngsters would want to back out of the solemn promises that you solemnly made to us,’ Cassandra was saying these words while sitting atop the transom of the rowboat.  Bobby and Tommy wanted to row, to get some exercise, and to help them warm up on the cold winter’s night.  Soon Jyl and JaJyl would demand their turn at the oars.
`You’re not our prisoners, you know,’ Princess Cassandra continued.  `If you want to be put ashore, I will do that for you.  But I think you will find a cold welcome at the gates of the city, and I think you will find a very chilly reception back at the Castle, once the king and queen learn about our actions this evening.  Poor Ludovico will be heart-broken as well, I dare say.  No doubt the smartest thing for us to do right now is for us to stay together and to try to help each other.’
`Wise words, wise words,’ said Johanna.
`How did you like that fruit punch Miss Johanna gave you earlier?’ asked Princess Cassandra.  `Kinda makes you brave, don’t it?  Kinda makes you do stuff you wouldn’t ordinarily care to do.’ 
`Princess Cassandra, though perhaps it is just plain “Cassandra” now, what sort of food did you hide away for us in this here rowboat?’ asked Tommy.
`No, it’s still Princess Cassandra.  We got lots of bread, and pasta, and cheese, and olive oil.  We got chocolate and coffee, lots of tea and sugar.  Plus a good supply of rice, lots of dried beef, maybe 60 or 70 apples, a few oranges even.  We got gallons and gallons of vodka, gin, bourbon, beer, got a few small kegs of ale.  I’m glad I decided on the 17 foot rowboat and didn’t skimp and go for the 12 footer.  As for other food and drink, this river will provide trout and other sorts of fish.   If you want water to drink, there a whole river real close by.  We got lots of coats and mittens and wool pants and wool coats and wool blankets for you guys.  See all these sacks that I’m sitting on?'
`Don’t forget, Princess Cassandra, to mention all the tons and tons of gold you have,’ said Johanna.
`I sold some diamonds and emeralds, some rubies and sapphires, sacrificed them to help you kids, I might add.  So, all together, I got 500 gold pieces, plus I have some silk dresses which Queen Isabella donated to our cause, quite involuntarily I might add, silk dresses that I can sell for roughly, perhaps, another 500 gold pieces.  That’s 1,000 gold coins total.  Of course, the first rule of river travel is to cache your valuables in a safe place, so brigands and all manner of river pirates don’t leave you penniless, assuming they don’t leave you dead.  I left 100 gold coins in a iron box, buried close to a huge evergreen tree, close to where I had this rowboat cached.  So, if any one you kids are captured by thieving murderous bloodthirsty brigands, and if they threaten to torture you, or kill you, then just say you know where to find 100 gold coins that you will give to them.  Make them promise to not to hurt you and you will lead them to the gold.  Just remember the gold is hidden near the Northwest corner of the City Wall of the City of Lerris.  North side of the river.  100 feet from the river at this time of year, less than that after heavy rains.  Iron box buried by the huge pine tree.  The brigands might have to search a while but they’ll find it.  Brigands and pirates in these parts are generally real good about setting people free, unharmed, assuming you actually give them the gold you promise them, assuming you don’t lie to them by telling them you have some gold when in fact you don’t have any gold.  We’ll cache another 100 gold coins below the Caliphate Bridge, which is roughly 5 miles further on downstream from where we are now.  About a mile below that bridge, on the south side of the river, there are lots of good places to hide more gold.  So, I should think, roughly an hour from now, we’ll be unloading more gold.  Mile west of the Caliphate Bridge, south side of the river.  Remember that children.  It might save your life if you are captured by pirates.’
`Don’t try to be brave and try to hold up under the torture,’ said Johanna. `Just tell lead them to where the gold is hidden.  Say, for instance, they got you strung up by your thumbs, or say for instance they are about to cut your eyeballs out.  Don’t think you have to do Princess Cassandra or me any favors, by bravely refusing to tell the torturing brigands where the gold is hidden.  We can always get more gold.  But you can’t get more eyeballs if they tear your first set of eyeballs out of your head.  Similarly, you can’t get a new tongue if they cut your old tongue out of your head.  You kids are young and inexperienced.  But even you young people would have to admit this is pretty remedial stuff.  I think you should be able to grasp the essential idea of it all without too much difficulty.’
`Try also to keep a lookout for these vicious pirates as we drift down this river,’ began Cassandra.  `Best to avoid them if at all possible.  That’s how I got it figured.  But this stretch of the river is infested with killers of all descriptions: homicidal maniacs escaped from various hellhole prisons, deranged psychos of all descriptions, pauperized and demobilized soldier-killers, men who were once honest but who will turn cannibal and will eat you if they feel the slightest twinges of hunger, plus, here, on this peaceful-looking stretch of river, there are no end of smugglers and professional thieves in professional gangs, cut-throats who, if they are not yet cannibals, are forever being strongly tempted to become cannibals whenever famine strikes these territories.  I suppose I should have given you guys all this pertinent info long before I recruited you into my escape team.  My, my!  I can’t thank you guys enough for coming with me!  Can you just see me, Princess Cassandra, floating all alone in this boat, drifting all by myself, turning round and round and round in circles probably, just floating aimlessly down this river all by myself, in the dead of night, despairing like crazy, being swiftly driven to madness by intolerable circumstances and endless desperation, sitting in a rowboat all alone on this cold wintry evening, sitting all by myself?  No thank you.  I wouldn’t doubt that my sanity would flee from me pretty fast indeed if I found myself in that situation.  Or just think if it was just me and Johanna sitting all alone in this boat. The next morning you orphans would all be shipped off to some wretched institution where they make sport of tormenting young orphan kids.  The thought of that happening to you guys would gnaw at us, would torment us unmercifully.  With Johanna and me you have a very good chance to have adventurous and romantic and exciting lives.  You will have lives where you can grow rich, and marry for love not for some evil policy at the caprice of some monarch.  If you were at some evil orphanage you would be scrambling hard, fighting tooth and nail, every day, fighting to carve out a merely tolerable existence for yourselves in this unforgiving world.  Once we escape the brigands and the pirates, once we settle down in a big city to running a restaurant, or an inn, or a brewery, or a dress shop, once the money starts rolling in, then you guys can relax a little, perhaps you will want to cultivate higher education, perhaps you will want to become lawyers or academicians, or business people, men of affairs, women of industry etc., etc.’
Chapter 5. A Lovely Boating Excursion
Bob sat in the bow of the boat.  Right behind him sat Tommy and Johanna.  Behind them Jyl and JaJyl were at the oars.  And behind them Maria and Princess Cassandra were perched on at transom of the rowboat, sitting atop sacks full of clothing and blankets.  It was Bob’s job to keep a lookout for anything that might spell danger, like a submerged rock or a snag – a tree limb with one end sticking up out of the water and the other end stuck in the mud under the river.  It was Bob’s job to keep a watch for anything which might capsize the boat or which might punch a hole in its thin little timbers.  It was pitch black so he could hardly be expected to locate submerged rocks, and Princess Cassandra seemed to be implying that such impossibilities were expected of him.  For a few hours there, that night, Bob had lots of free time to contemplate the deception Cassandra and Johanna had pulled on him and the other kids.  At first he was too drunk and too full of bravado to be angry.  But Bob meant what he said about there being witches beyond the City Wall.  And where was he now but beyond the City Wall?  Therefore, the witches were somewhere out there in the darkness, in the black abyss, in the immeasurable chasm that stretched away to infinity on every side of young Bob Newcastle.  The lingering effects of the vodka had Bob talking to himself.  He was mumbling words about killing witches before they killed him.  `Kill `em.  Stab ‘em’ etc., etc.  Poor Bob was really beside himself in all his feverish delusions about witches being all round him.  Only the fact that Bob was sure that it was a fact that witches could not long hover over open water kept Bob from becoming terribly hysterical.
Of course the 2 adults, Cassandra and Johanna, wanted quiet on the boat.  They didn’t want some 9-year-old acting like a madman and alerting pirates on shore of their whereabouts.  Strict orders were given to stifle the loud or idle chitchat.  These same 2 adults had already explained to everyone what exactly they were to do in an emergency arising from brigands.  The instructions were basically: Run like hell.  Don’t get caught.  Hide.  Wait a few hours before searching for each other if you get separated.  Tell them you know where some gold is hidden if you are threatened with death or torture.  It was getting on towards 3:00 a.m and Bob, though sleepy, reviewed yet again in his memory where precisely the 3 caches of gold they had deposited on shore, this night, were situated.  He recalled the names of the bridges the caches were close to.  Bob’s head was swirling with nausea from drinking too much fruit juice laced with vodka.  But, providentially, there were no waves on a river to give him retching seasickness.  Wrapped in 2 wool blankets, as well as huddled in his winter coat, Bob was reasonably comfortable.  He did shiver every once in a while.  No one was saying he couldn’t help himself to more vodka-laced fruit punch to keep the winter’s chill at bay.  His swirling head was telling him he’d had enough to drink but no one else was giving him those orders. Bob thought it sweet and sort of funny how JaJyl had whispered to him that she loved him at one moment while the 7 of them walked from the Castle to the City Wall.  Bob wondered if terror had driven her to make her confession, had driven her to such wild sincerity.  He said he felt the same way about her, and the two of them hugged each other in the darkness, back in the City of Lerris, and now Bob was wondering about what led JaJyl to such an impulsive confession.  He could well understand why she loved him.  Why wouldn’t she love him?  He knew he wasn’t lying, but, still, he had tied himself down in several ways: he had made a brave commitment to Princess Cassandra in helping her to escape – evidently she had some reliable premonitions saying the youngsters would become terrified and would back out of those commitments, anyway, the vodka helped him keep his promise to Cassandra, and now he had made some sort of firm commitment to JaJyl.  At the rate he was going he would soon be drowning in promises and solemn commitments to other people!  Naturally Bob wanted to pump the brakes on the rate at which he was making promises and solemn commitments to other people.  Still, he couldn’t deny he was very wise to throw his lot in with Cassandra.  And he couldn’t deny that he found JaJyl terribly exciting to be close to.  He might have heard the word euphoria once or twice.  Bob suspected it was none other than euphoria that he was feeling as he and JaJyl hugged each other.  Bob was trembling then.  He was trying to sort out the emotions which caused him to tremble.  There was legitimate fear of capture of course.  Then there was the fear of thieves.  Back in the City Johanna and Cassandra had to threaten several dark shadows coming at them, had to tell those people they would die if they didn’t back off.  After Bob and JaJyl finished their hugging both of them had their daggers drawn and both were looking to stab any of the dark shadows that refused by back away when ordered to back away.  So, along with the fear of death and capture there was also the euphoria, the sweet romance that he and JaJyl were sharing.  Bob had to admit it was a delicious mixing of sweet and sour, bitter and sublime.
Chapter 6. Lady Kimberley and Lady Naomi
Day dawned bleak and cold.  Leaden skies full of low clouds stretched from horizon to horizon.  They hauled the rowboat ashore and hid it in a dense grove of fir trees, not far from the clearing where they decided to make their camp.  Princess Cassandra then asked everyone to gather up twigs and dead branches to get a fire started.  She and Johanna thought it would be safe to have a fire, to let them brew some tea and cook some breakfast.  They would have to keep breakfast brief, as it would be wisest to hide themselves as soon as possible in a different camp, one that was less exposed to any wandering killers who saw the smoke from their campfire.  But first a quick breakfast and then they would retreat into the cover of the dense pine forest.  Naturally they had to assume that the smoke from the campfire might be seen by hostile neighbors. Tommy watched as Johanna struck a flint stone against a piece of steel.  Sparks flew at the tinder, the cluster of birch bark she was using.
Tommy found a tea kettle and then went down to the river to fetch some water.  By the time he was back the others were feeding large branches to the fire.  There was some debate as to whether it was necessary to find a better hiding place for the boat.  Cassandra thought it was safe where it was, saying all that was necessary was to carry their most important supplies deeper into the forest, to a better hiding place, some place where they could get some sleep without fear of strangers.  Others said it was easy enough for 7 people to simply transport the boat and all the supplies in it to a safer place.  No brigands were going to search the forest 200 yards from where a campfire was found.  Those brigands might keep a closer watch on the river but that would be the extent of their surveillance.  Tommy busied himself perusing the maps Princess Cassandra had brought.  He liked her new plan of following the Asseryx River until it fell into the Calista River, some miles below the confluence of the Asseryx and the Asta, which would happen several miles further down-stream from where they were now encamped.  They could then row themselves up the gentle-flowing Calista for 20 miles.  At that point the valley of the Calista was separated from Verrer, a large metropolis in the Empire of Galeticia, by only 40 miles of mountainous but not impassable terrain.  There would be no border guards to worry about in the more precipitous sections of that frontier.  In 5 days they planned to lose themselves in that large metropolis of Verrer.
At one point Tommy felt chilled to the bone.  He stood up and told the others he was going back to the boat to get another blanket.  The boat was hidden in dense trees only 30 or 40 yards from their camp in the clearing.  He was also intending to find the canteen holding the fruit-juice and vodka mix, to help ward of the frigid temperatures and all the shivering which was now shaking him.  Somehow they had forgotten to transport that canteen to their camp.  
Tommy tilted back his head and took several gulps of the fruity vodka.  When he lowered his head a young, pretty woman was brandishing a knife right in his face, and was telling Tommy, `Keep quiet and don’t make any noise at all.  I will cut your eyes out if you cry out.  Now tell me your name, boy.  Whisper it.’
`Tommy,’ said the 9-year-old, his eyes wide as he stared at the woman.  He estimated she was 25 years old.  He gazed quickly over her face and figure.  She was quite striking and beautiful, voluptuous.  She wore a thin strip of what looked like wolf-hide across her torso.  Her breasts were mostly concealed but her arms, shoulders back and belly were naked.  Her waist, legs and feet were sheathed in deerskin.
`Do as you are told and you will live.  Fight me, or cry out, and I swear I will cut your eyes out of your head.’  She brandished her knife again in Tommy’s face, then took his arm and began dragging him away, dragging him toward the river while saying, `I won’t kill you if you do what you are told.’
Tommy was weeping but he was trying his best to be as quiet as possible as the tears streamed down his face.  The pirate-woman led him toward the river, and then through the trees on a course which paralleled the river.  In a few more minutes Tommy could hear Johanna far in the distance calling for him.  The barbarian woman looked down at Tommy and told him to keep walking.  Then she again shook her knife in his face.  As the cries of Cassandra and Johanna and all the others faded into the distance Tommy and the barbarian woman continued there hike deeper and deeper into the forest.
`Lady Naomi, what you got there?’ asked a voice from within a grove of evergreens to Tommy’s right.
`This is Tommy,’ said Tommy’s captor, whose name was evidently Lady Naomi.
`Pleased to meet you,’ said the second pirate woman.  `I’m Lady Kimberley.’  Tommy stared in silence at the new woman.  He estimated she was at least 55 years old.  Her belly was exceedingly large.  She was a ponderous, short-haired, thick-limbed, thick-necked and profoundly obese 55-year-old woman.  As with Lady Naomi, only a thin strip wolf-skin covered the torso of Lady Kimberley.  Her breasts and arms and shoulders were covered in tattoos depicting scenes of what looked like savages setting fire to a village and slaughtering the inhabitants.  Lady Kimberley led them to a clearing where two other barbarian women were lounging on the turf, by a campfire.  These two were dark-skinned, dark-eyed Arabian beauties.  Both leered at Tommy.  One said, `LAY-DEE NAY-OH-MEE. WE KEEL HEEEM.  WE COOOK HEEEM. HEE TAY-STEE.’
`The divine creature who was just speaking is Ba-RAH-za-bel,’ Lady Naomi enunciated the syllables slowly to give them lucidity and perfect clarity.  `The other one is Shah-BAL-za-boor. These beauties – they call themselves Odalisques - are not, unfortunately, refined gentlewomen like Lady Kimberley and me.  Both of these barbarian bitches delight in dining on human flesh.  They’d love you.’ 
`There must be a way I can save myself.  I can get you some gold if you promise not to kill me.  You want some gold, right?’  Tommy had finally stopped weeping long enough to pose the question that had long been on his mind.
`You’re a liar.  You ain’t got no gold.  We might sell you to slave traders though,’ said Lady Naomi.
`Or we might trade you to some cannibals we know, trade you for something that we can sell,’ offered Lady Kimberly. `There’s not much meat on your bones.  You’re sort of inedible, I should think, just a cheap thing, really.  Still, you’d be surprised how much some cannibals will pay for a cheap piece of meat.’
`I can bring you to a place where there is 100 gold coins,’ said Tommy.
`Like Lady Naomi said, you’re a little liar,’ said Lady Kimberley.
`No, please,’ begged Tommy.  `I will make a deal with you.  If I lead you to the gold then you set me free.  But if I don’t lead you to the gold then you can sell me.  What have you got to lose?’
`His friends will be waiting for us where they got the gold hidden, if there is any gold,’ said Lady Naomi speaking to Lady Kimberley.
`Probably.  The scheming little son-of-a-bitch is figuring out ways right now in that scheming brain of his to kill us,’ exclaimed Lady Kimberley.
`Hand me that whiskey bottle would ya, Kimmy.  I need spirits to take the bite out of this frickin cold, said Lady Naomi.  `And I still ain’t used to watchin little kids get eaten, it’s a shocking sight for a gentlewoman, for a lady like me to witness,’ said Lady Naomi while she kneeled down and began piling more wood on to the fire.
Tommy had a few moments to observe the slim waistline of Lady Naomi.  She was amazingly emaciated.  Perhaps the Lady Naomi was close to turning cannibal herself from want and famine, or so Tommy speculated, as he looked down upon the working girl piling up sticks and larger branches on the fire.  Her breasts swung to and fro under their thin concealment.  You would think that Tommy would have other things to think about at this moment than Lady Naomi’s cleavage and voluptuous hips and slim waistline.
Lady Kimberley had turned her back on Tommy, went to fetch the whiskey bottle, and then Tommy saw his chance.  He nonchalantly shifted his weight to get himself into position, and then he kicked his right leg as hard as he could kick it, catching Lady Naomi square on her jaw.  He didn’t wait around long enough to see if he had delivered a knock-out blow, because he saw out of the corner of his eye the two Arabian cannibal-beauties stir violently from their repose.  And then Lady Kimberley was screaming like a savage and coming at him with a knife, coming at him with bloody homicide in her demon eyes.  Tommy had little trouble dodging his way round the hefty and far-from-nimble 55-year-old Lady Kimberley.  Then he was sprinting in full stride while dodging pines and firs, sprinting in the direction of the river.  He could hear the furious shrieks of the women following him, could hear them crashing through the forest and cursing like demons as he dove into the icy river.  For long seconds, perhaps an entire minute, he didn’t dare look back to see if the women were swimming after him.  He merely concentrated on swimming as fast as he could swim.  When fatigue overtook him he slowed his furious kicking and paddling and stopped to look and listen.
As he tread water in the middle of the flood, looking back for a quick second, scanning for Lady Naomi and Lady Kimberley, for the hungry Barazabel and Shabalzaboor, well, they were not anywhere with 20 feet him.  He didn’t waste time scrutinizing the shoreline.  Not finding them anywhere in close proximity he wondered if they perhaps had gone to fetch a boat.  But, knowing he needed to hurry, he continued onwards and resumed his frantic swim across the ice water of the swift-flowing Asseryx.  Upon reaching the far bank Tommy shivered in his drenched clothing as he dragged his weak and feeble body up the far bank.  As he did this he also searched the far shore for signs of the four women who were chasing him.  Satisfied he was safe for at least a few minutes, Tommy took off his coat, and his sweater, and his pants, and proceeded to try to wring as much water out of each item of clothing as possible.  Then he heard catcalls from the opposite bank.  Looking in that direction he saw Lady Naomi and Lady Kimberley making obscene and threatening gestures at him.  They were shouting at him also, saying they were going to feast upon his flesh while he was still alive when they caught him.  Tommy made some obscene and threatening gestures back at them.  He found Lady Naomi rather fetching, but he was shouting nasty stuff at her all the same, and he was telling Lady Kimberly that she was a fat hideous old bitch.  He was asking her how she had gotten so fat during a famine.  Did she like to eat huge amounts of toads and frogs and lizards?  After more screams and shouts across the river, after explaining how they were going to torture each other to death, Tommy went back to the chore of trying to wring his garments as dry as possible.  Everything was made of wool, so, though damp, the garments would still keep him warm on the winter’s day.  And today the sun was shining and the weather was quite pleasant, and the gentle wind was far from frigid. Tommy dressed himself in his damp clothes and then went in search of a thick piece of drift-wood to use as a club.  Perhaps he would need to use just such a club to bludgeon a cannibal woman to death before she was able to feast upon him.  Finding his weapon, Tommy then dove into the forest and hid himself from anyone watching on the far side of the river.  He then turned toward the east and began marching upriver, moving as silently as possible toward the place where Princess Cassandra and Johanna had most recently cached 100 gold ducats.  That was the place they agreed to rendezvous, should they get separated.  Rather than take to the road, on which he would be visible in all directions, and susceptible to sneak attacks, Tommy plied a course through the forest which was not too far removed from the southerly bank of the river.  He would dive through the trees now and then, crawling on his knees even, to get a closer look at the river, to see if Lady Naomi and Lady Kimberley, and Barazabel and Shabalzaboor, might reappear, perhaps in a boat.
For the most part Tommy kept himself well hidden deep in the forest, out of sight, away from the bank, and kept a close look-out all round him, scanning for danger and treading softly while listening carefully for sounds of pursuit.  After roughly a mile of stealthy advance, he saw, through breaks in the spruce and birch and pine forest, a bridge over the river, further upstream, which told him he was very close to the cache of gold.  Indeed, in a few more minutes he found the gold, and then he found an oak tree not far from the gold, an oak tree that he was able to climb.  From its high branches he could look out over the tops of the smaller trees, enough so that he was afforded a glimpse of the road paralleling the river.  Perhaps Cassandra, Johanna and the others wouldn’t wait for nightfall to come searching for him.
After about two hours of sitting high up in the oak tree, watching the road, Tommy decided he would be more comfortable and perhaps less visible to his enemies if he decamped from the towering heights of the oak and took to the earth, where he might stretch out his cramped and aching limbs on a bed of sweet-scented pine needles, under the branches of a cluster of evergreens.  He remained there in that inconspicuous position for several hours.  There he felt safe, as he was more or less invisible to anyone who wasn’t kneeling down right next to him, but he also tormented with doubts about his invulnerability.  Yes, lots of doubts were assailing Tommy.  What was he to do if Cassandra and Johanna never showed up?  That was a question which he was forever asking himself.  They were certainly taking their dear sweet time getting to the place of their rendesvous.  Obviously, he feared they might have had to fight the four barbarian women he himself had encountered.  He thought about getting up from his hiding spot and going off to see what was keeping Princess Cassandra and Johanna, and the four other orphan kids.  Perhaps he could use his club and help them if they were in a fight.  Yes, perhaps.  The seconds and minutes dragged along.  One moment he decided it was best to keep to the agreed plan and wait at the cache.  Then next moment he was berating himself for not heading out to see if his friends needed some help fighting the barbarian women.  The possibilities seemed infinite to young Tommy.  Perhaps Cassandra and Johanna were just being super careful in marching through the trees, going slowly while listening for the tread of the brigands who abducted young Tommy.  Perhaps they were now being grilled over the fires of various cannibals.  Perhaps they were killed and consumed hours ago?  Who knew?  It was mid-afternoon when Princess Cassandra, Johanna and the other 4 youngsters showed up at the cache armed with crossbows and daggers.
Careful not to surprise them and suddenly meet up with a bolt from a crossbow, Tommy watched as they all came into view before showing himself.  Little Tommy shed more than a few tears during those wonderful moments at their reunion, overwhelmed as he was by the harrowing ordeal, by the emotional strain of dwelling on the unpleasant details of what exactly being sold to cannibals entailed.
Chapter 7. Profiles in Courage: Bob Newcastle
Rather than march right back in broad daylight to where the rowboat was hidden, the 7 of them walked along the southern bank of the river.  From this vantage point they could look upstream, and down, while spying for boats and barbarian women.  At least three times they were forced to take cover in the forest when approaching vessels came into view.  From Tommy’s descriptions of Lady Naomi and Lady Kimberley, and Barazabel and Shabalzaboor, Bobby decided from thence onwards he would never be found without a dagger in his hand.  He saw himself, in his mind’s eye, fighting fierce battles with slender yet voluptuous pirates.  At other times he saw himself battling full-figured barbarians.  He seemed fixated on seeing himself locked in death struggles with beautiful killers.  He would slash to the right, then stab to the left.  He saw himself spearing Lady Kimberley’s bloated form, as he gave her a sarcastic smirk while all of her guts came spilling out of her huge belly.
`That would have been weird,’ said Bobby to Tommy, `If those ladies had tried to, you know, force their lusty desires upon you.’
`Yes, it would have been weird,’ said Maria while eavesdropping on their conversation.
`How do you think you would have dealt with that sort of outrage?’ asked Bobby.
`I was sort of doing OK until they mentioned selling me to slave traders.  And then I really lost it when they mentioned cannibals.  Couldn’t stop crying.’
`You really didn’t answer my question,’ responded Bobby.
`Well, how do you think you would respond?’ asked Tommy.
`Difficult to say for certain, but I think it is obvious that if you can get a female killer to have some tender feelings for you then you stand a better chance of not getting sold by her and her pirate friends to the cannibals.’
`Maria, any thoughts?’ asked Tommy.
`If these brigands are ready to sell us to slave traders or cannibals, because they don’t believe us when we tell them we know where gold is hidden, then we will need to ask Cassandra to give us a few pieces of her gold, so that we can convince the pirates to not turn us into slaves, or turn us into food for their cannibal friends.  We need to be able to convince them that we really can lead them to lots of gold.’
`Good point.  Let’s address this matter with her right now,’ said Bobby.
A council of war was held and Cassandra decided to give everyone three gold coins as long as they agreed to not wonder off on their own, and agreed to always keep a sword, spear or dagger in hand.
Chapter 8. Profiles in Courage: Tommy Kolinski
They retrieved the rowboat and didn’t wait for night to fall before embarking downstream, before continuing their little quixotic odyssey onwards and undaunted through a world full of wonders as well as lurking dangers.  The plan was still to push on to the Calista River and then row up that wide but languid stream for perhaps 30 miles.  Tommy was telling everyone that with their two crossbows and with all of their spears, swords and daggers the 7 of them ought to be able to win a fight against Lady Naomi and Lady Kimberley, Barazabel and Shabelzaboor.  He looked down at the blade of one of his several daggers.  He wondered if he would ever have to drive it into the guts of some hungry cannibal or greedy murdering brigand.  And what about witches and werewolves, ghouls and vampires?  Certainly no one had proven conclusively that such didn’t exist.  Tommy had to admit that his kick which hit Naomi, which slammed square on the jaw of that murderous, lovely, homicidal, bewitching, fox-faced girl-pirate, when she wasn’t looking, felt pretty good after all of the threats he endured from her, brandishing her knife in his face more than once, talking about cutting his eyes out.  Still, he wasn’t pleased that he couldn’t get enough power into that kick to knock her senseless, not even for a few minutes.  Tommy resolved to start doing exercises to strengthen his muscles.  But he couldn’t start his workout regimen now because Tommy sat in the bow of the boat and was ordered to watch for trouble lurking ahead of them.  The sun was slowly setting while casting a golden glow over the river and the forest.  Bobby and JaJyl sat right behind Tommy.  JaJyl was describing the horror they all felt when they realized Tommy was kidnapped.  They called and called but he never answered.
`So you thought you would never see me again, huh?’ asked Tommy.
`I thought you were either going to be at the cache with the people who captured you, or else you would never be found,’ said JaJyl.
`I thought you were a dead man,’ said Bobby.
`Don’t go walking around all alone without a weapon in your hand, that’s for sure,’ replied Tommy.
`You were brave to try to knock out Lady Naomi, even though you failed,’ said JaJyl. `I would have been too scared to move.  If they captured me I would probably still be captured, or eaten.’
`You could pretend you sprained your ankle,’ began Tommy. `Then when they turn their backs on you, you make your getaway.’
`Weird how those women,’ began Bobby, `like to run around half-naked even in midwinter.  I suppose a woman who is wearing lots of clothes to keep warm is seen as a weakling.’
`They drank lots of liquor too,’ said Tommy.  `You don’t feel the cold when you are hammered like you do when you are not hammered.’
`I bet that’s the way it was for you when you are swimming for your life,’ said JaJyl. `If you were to jump into the river right here it would be unbearably cold for you.  But because you were swimming for your life you were able to endure the icy water.’
`So true,’ replied Tommy  
Chapter 9. Profiles in Courage: Maria Verde
11-year-old Maria existed in a shadowland, in a vague impermanent world where she was considered too aged to consort with the younger boys, and everyone knew Tommy was still available, yet Maria was seen as far too young to take a place besides Johanna and Cassandra in the matriarchal hierarchy of the escape team.  She found herself volunteering little by way of her knowledge and expertise on the flight to the metropolis of Verrer.  The others didn’t lift a finger to try to understand her, why should she lift a finger to help them?  Cassandra had a friend from a boarding school that they surprised one day with a visit.  Maria had a brief flirtation with a boy, the youngest brother of Cassandra’s friend.  They also met up with a second friend and old school chum of Cassandra’s.  This was Amber.  She lived in a mansion on property owned by her nobleman father.  This meeting came about after they had ditched the rowboat after the first few nights spent drifting down-stream, after which they took to their heels and the backcountry, away from any rivers and roads and the highwaymen infesting those rivers and roads.  Sleeping out in winter was only a hardship when it was too warm to snow and so it rained instead.  They had campfires and lots of warm blankets.  But like miserable wet dogs they shivered under a thin tarp on the rainy nights.
One night, after venturing for 24 hours across uninhabited country, and then returning to some semblance of civilization in a dingy little city, they took refuge at an inn called The Skull.  It had a sign out in front inscribed with a Death’s Head.  All sorts of fugitives, criminals, outcastes, refugees and desperados lurked inside.  There were also lots of typical mundane people to be seen, lecherous tradesmen looking for amorous opportunities, fat-fisted farmers and their wide-buttocksed wives, plus there were lots of comely serving wenches loaded with glasses of beer and plates of food for hungry butchers and thirsty hog breeders etc., etc.  Finding a table far away from the crowed hearth in the common room, the seven of them sat themselves down, and, after only a few minutes of waiting, proceeded to feast on thick chunks of beef and huge piles of potatoes drowning under gravy, all of which was washed down with huge mugs of hearty ale.  Eventually Amber and Cassandra found each other.  They were sitting across the room from each other, and then the sea of humanity parted long enough for them to see each other.  Maria wanted to bring a boy she met at The Skull to Amber’s place.  Cassandra put an end to that idea pretty fast.  Weird thing that, about the Middle Ages I mean.  11-year-olds had to think about bestirring themselves in looking for husbands.  You let too many years pass you by with a passive laissez faire attitude and next thing you know you’re sitting there in a rocking chair all alone, single and 22 – an ancient maid with only a few years left to wed and bear children before passing on to Eternal Judgment.
Maria felt like a fish out of water at Amber’s place.  The food was good.  The hot baths were luxurious.  And the beds were soft and opulent, but country living can be a frightful bore to those accustomed to living amid the excitement and electric ambiance of large cosmopolitan areas. It was really not until they arrived at a luxurious hotel in the metropolis of Verrer, in the Empire of Galeticia, that life began to get back to normal for Maria.  This city offered her amusements in the form of museums, parks, lakes, libraries, coffee shops.  Maria was exceedingly bookish, given to long solitude dwelling among ancient documents, romances, histories, epic poems, biographies, hagiographies, auto-hagiographies etc.  Musical composition was another source of great delight for Maria. Getting pinched by country louts and leered at by drunken lechers while flirting with dissolute sons of noblemen at country inns were things Maria could only tolerate in small doses.  Too much hedonism and she started feeling like a rebel angel about to be hurled into hell.  Maria often wondered if she was destined for the nunnery.  One of her bed partners at the orphanage she once called home told her that whether it be at the orphanage, or in a nunnery, brothel, school, or in marriage, happiness was all about being willing to conform to the particular rules of the particular institution.  And tramping across rough country, ever in fear of brigands and the agents of a very barbarous king, could be thrilling for Maria, but, ultimately, such excitements left Maria with jangled nerves and a tendency toward hysterical spells during the day and long lapses into frenzied insomnia during the night time hours.
Chapter 10. Profiles in Courage: Jyl Silverlight
Jyl had difficulties seeing what it was that JaJyl saw in Bobby.  In Jyl’s estimation he was slovenly, self-centered, immature, pompous and unreliable.  And Tommy!  Well, he was an even greater disaster in Jyl’s opinion, being rude and insufferably opinionated on any number of subjects: cooking, dancing, sport, entertainment, religion, politics, music, comedy, the art of war, the figures and complexions and the general allure of women and girls etc.  They had acquired a large Gypsy van in Verrer, something that could sleep 7 comfortably, and with some privacy, and yet this van was nimble enough to be drawn by only two broken down old horses.  The whole rig had a dilapidated air which Cassandra and Johanna insisted on not improving.  No sense in telling brigands you were rich enough to live in a big beautiful Gypsy van.  Better to have the dilapidated thing.
The general idea was to get a vodka and bourbon distillery business up and running.  Cassandra had pawned her silk dresses, so capital was not a problem.  Verrer was a rich city, an opulent metropolis filled with eunuchs and gargoyles, palaces and cathedrals, full of markets selling gingerbread and silk dresses and steel swords and everything else you could possibly need.  Still they didn’t have any men around to offer them any adult male insights, and none to lug all the sacks of potatoes and all the sacks of grain used in the making of vodka and whiskey.  `We damn sure don’t need no damn men around,’ Maria once told Jyl.  And yet Jyl was not so sure about that confident feminist assessment.  Jyl thought a dressmaker’s shop would be a better fit for them.  Vodka and Bourbon production seemed to her mind something that was better left to menfolk.  She liked vodka, and liked whiskey, liked how both made her bold and decisive, liked how they gave her a sense of wild abandonment, and she liked the sweet delirious euphoria as well.  But at the same time she had come to recognize that too much of a good thing was not always a good thing.  One evening, after having too much vodka to drink, Jyl threw herself at Tommy.  The morning arrived and she was not at all pleased that she had thrown herself at Tommy.  But she had to admit it took some guts to grab him and hug him and kiss him in a crowded Gypsy van.  People laughed at her when they saw what she was attempting.  `Let them laugh,’ said Jyl. Tommy liked her attentions.  Jyl rolled out of her bed the next morning with a pounding headache.  She more or less sleepwalked through the day, doing chores for Cassandra, hauling sacks of potatoes, hauling sacks of grain, watching the fire under the still, keeping a watch out for policemen, for brigands, for cannibals etc.  They didn’t have any sort of license for the vodka / bourbon operation.  Those were terribly expensive, and besides the cost there was also the fact that investigations were conducted into the backgrounds of those who sought such licenses.  Plus Cassandra wanted to be sure they could make and sell their product for a profit before she sunk lots of gold into buying a license.  So they ran their clandestine vodka and bourbon distillery operation a few miles outside of the walls of Verrer, at a site hidden away in the forest. 
Chapter 11. Profiles in Courage: JaJyl Goldberg
Princess Cassandra knew lots of things that no one else seemed to know, or so it seemed to JaJyl.  The Princess had spent lots of time talking to kings, queens, Emperors, Empresses, ministers, soldiers, miners, farmers, timber-men, cattlemen, goldsmiths, silversmiths, healers, beauticians, midwives, spiritualists, mediums, enchantresses, alchemists, Jews, Christians, Muslims, slave-girls, dancing girls, circus performers, bondsmen, slave traders, fortune tellers, gypsies, cannibals etc., and so JaJyl, being naturally curious about the world, liked to talk to Princess Cassandra, liked to discuss who the Princess knew and what they had by way of interesting thoughts in their heads.  At first JaJyl had been enraptured with Bob Newcastle.  But as the days dragged along and as her conversations with Cassandra opened up whole new universes for JaJyl, JaJyl began to think that Bobby was a terribly limited and intellectually deficient sort of kid.  Not too bright.  He liked to fish and shoot marbles, but as for affairs of state, as for learning about new industrial and agricultural processes, as for exploring the mysteries surrounding money and banking and business methods, JaJyl quickly discovered that Bob was pretty much a huge ignoramus.  Still, she liked it when the two of them would steal some vodka from the still, and then go for sweet intoxicating arm-in-arm walks in the moonlight. She liked it when he held her close and they would cuddle up in a blanket and look up at the stars.
Chapter 12. The Divine Right of Rightful Queens
`Damn it all to hell!’ exclaimed Jyl, slurring her words some as she said them.
`Watch your language!’ countered Princess Cassandra.
`Sorry. But finding the right recipe so that the vodka tastes best is just frustrating me no end,’ replied Jyl.
`How much of the stuff have you drank?’ asked JaJyl.
`I’m just taking little sips.  Johanna needs a break from being the taste tester, and Maria, Bobby and Tommy are worthless at that job.  They have no talent for recognizing subtle nuances, in differentiating between delicate flavors used in intoxicating spirits.’
`Let me try,’ said JaJyl
`Let’s break for lunch first.  You can have your chance at taste testing this afternoon.  What do you say we walk into town and have a decent meal at the Excelsior?’ asked Cassandra.  She didn’t get any objections to that suggestion.  The Excelsior was one of the finest restaurants to be found within walking distance.  Plus it was Tuesday and on Tuesdays the Excelsior had what we in the 21st century would call happy hour prices the whole afternoon long on all domestic tap beers.  The stew and the meatloaf at the Excelsior were loaded with spices and they came in huge proportions, at cheap prices, and everyone would be terribly hungry and thirsty after the 4 mile hike into the city.  It was a bright sunny day - chilly of course as it was still January.  They had been trying terribly hard to get the clandestine vodka and bourbon distilling business up and running for about 20 days now.  Cassandra liked their progress but she was tight with her purse strings, reasoning that there was no sense in sinking lots of money into bottles and building expenses until they had a few recipes that were sure to sell with the drinking public.  On their march into the city their path followed one of the lesser roads that led into the great metropolis.  Every now and then they saw guys who looked like possible brigands walking or loitering about.  Cassandra and Johanna and all the kids dressed like penniless beggars, but they were also well-armed.  In any event the brigands or potential brigands didn’t trouble them.  This was another reason to not sink lots of money into a fancy building for the vodka business.  They didn’t need to tell the cut-throats of the world they had the capital to fund big operations and professional ventures.  Just have an old shack in the woods, and sleep in a dilapidated old Gypsy wagon, and sell vodka on the sly, and then the cut-throats and the highwaymen will never suspect they were loaded with gold.
The Excelsior was one of those grandiose places that would jack their prices up sky high if they could.  But an economic depression was hitting the Empire of Galeticia and so the Excelsior had to entice customers by not jacking their prices up sky high.  Cassandra led their party to their usual booth in a far corner of the restaurant.  A waitress by the name of Cassidy welcomed them with a cheerful smile and asked for their drink orders.  Beer for everyone save for Maria.  She wanted red wine.  Cassidy got their drinks and then brought them some lunch menus.  In a few minutes she came back to take their orders.  Soon enough their food arrived and then the feasting began.
`Yep, once we get that recipe right,’ Johanna was saying, `once the melding of the flavors finally coalesce into a unique signature that we can market and brand as our own distinct creation, that’s when the money starts pouring in.’
`Perhaps JaJyl can help us,’ said Cassandra.  Then Cassandra caught Cassidy’s eye.  Cassady came over and Cassandra ordered 3 shots of vodka.  Two of the shots that Cassandra ordered were dirt cheap rot-gut stuff.  The other one was a high-end spirit, premium quality.  When the vodkas arrived Cassandra set the 3 shot glasses before JaJyl.
`Which one do you like best?  Just take little sips of each.  Don’t rush, take your time.’
JaJyl did as instructed.
`Well, what do you think?’ asked Maria.
`Don’t rush her,’ said Bobby.
`At first I was going to say that all three taste like piss,’ said little JaJyl. `But then, on second thought, it’s easy to tell which two are the cheap stuff and which one is the premium brand.’
`Point to the good stuff,’ said Cassandra.
`Did she get it right?’ asked Johanna.
`She got it right,’ said Cassandra.
`That’s better than what I can do,’ said Maria.
They finished up their beers and vodkas, finished up eating their stew and meatloaf, paid the bill and retired to the street to do some window shopping.
They were walking in an upscale part of the city.  No hogs or cattle or drunkards were permitted to roam freely here.  As they rounded a corner all 7 of them noticed the elegant attire of a young woman, about 20 years old, accompanied by an equally well-dressed gentleman of the same age.
`Princess Cassandra!  What a surprise meeting you here,’ exclaimed the gentleman.
`Prince Ludovico!  My, my!  I never would have recognized you!  And Lady Jolene, it’s always a pleasure to see you,’ exclaimed Cassandra.  Lady Jolene smiled sweetly at Cassandra and the others.
`You smell good,’ said JaJyl to Prince Ludovico.
`Yeah, you don’t stink,’ agreed Bobby.
`Let me smell him,’ said Jyl.
Prince Ludovico was happy to see he passed inspection.
`Yes,’ began the Prince, `my father the Emperor made some changes about the Imperial Palace.  The monks and nuns who stressed the odor of sanctity have been replaced by monks and nuns who stress hot baths, and lots of soap and water.’
`What’s the odor of sanctity?’ asked Tommy.
`That’s what a person smells like when he never bathes.  Some monks say that the apostles never bathed.  Some say it is against the Christian religion to use soap, or perfume, or hot water,’ said Prince Ludovico.
`Curious,’ said Maria.
`Let me extend my condolences to you, Princess Cassandra.  We are all deeply saddened by the terrible tragedy, and we grieve for your loss,’ said Prince Ludovico.
`Oh you got me mystified now,’ said Cassandra. `I’m not aware of any terrible tragedies.’
`You mean you haven’t heard what happened?’ asked a startled Lady Jolene.  Cassandra, Johanna and all the kids shook their heads.  They hadn’t heard.  `Well someone has to tell you,’ continued Jolene.  `Your father, the king, and the crown prince of Coleraine, your brother, were murdered about a week after you disappeared.  I’m so sorry to tell you this.  They were poisoned.  Of course, everyone knows your step-mother is responsible, but knowing is one thing and proving it is another.’
`Why don’t you come up to the Palace?’ inquired Prince Ludovico.  You can meet with the Emperor and with Coleraine’s ambassador to Galeticia.  He was your father’s man, not a creature of Isabella’s, so you two ought to see eye-to-eye on some things.  You need to talk of serious matters with serious people. To be perfectly honest with you, I can’t see why the Kingdom of Coleraine wouldn’t dethrone Isabella, the murderous Usurper, and then receive her rightful Queen, Queen Cassandra, in a mere matter of days.  Goodness knows the soldiers and the people will support you.  There is absolutely nothing stopping you from attaining the crown.’
`Yes, do come up to the Palace, Queen Cassandra. I don’t think it is premature or improper, Your Highness, to address Your Majesty in this manner,’ said Lady Jolene. `And please bring your friends with you.  The sooner you can come the better!’
`We’ll just freshen up at a hotel after some shopping for some presentable clothes.  And then we’ll be right up.  Shall we say 2 hours from now?’ asked Cassandra.
`Splendid,’ said Prince Ludovico.
`Wonderful,’ said Lady Jolene.
Chapter 13. Round up the Traitors and Chop off Their Heads
Jyl was muttering some words under her breath as she walked by herself down a hallway in the Castle, in the City of Lerris, in the Kingdom of Coleraine.  It only took then 3 days to travel back to the City of Lerris from the City of Verrer, as they had powerful horses pulling their carriages, and they also had an escort of soldiers to help speed things along.  They had been back in the City of Lerris for over a week, and now Jyl was absorbed in her latest endeavor.  Upon their return there were some initial illusions which had to be dispelled, some lingering delusions that would soon be driven from young Jyl’s thinking.  Naturally, a feeling of equality, of camaraderie, of friendship had sprung up between Johanna, the orphan kids, and Princess Cassandra.  The latter was now styled: Her Supreme Majesty, Her Highness Queen Cassandra of Coleraine and Verazasta, Overlord of Geium, Reutania, Especia and the Leturias, the Supreme Commander of Hyser, Metering and Sycenia etc., etc.  When you spend over 4 weeks with someone, over 28 days camping out in the wilderness with them, coasting down unfamiliar rivers in the dead of night in a small boat with them, bravely facing together the very real perils of brigands and murderers in spooky forests and secluded backcountry wilds, where no one will rescue you if the murderers start hacking away at your flesh, then, like soldiers who march into battle together, you feel a bond and a closeness with these people, these people that you live and sleep and fight and perhaps die with.  When you spend over 28 days living in close proximity with people, sleeping in a dilapidated Gypsy van, camping out in dark forests together, you start thinking of those people as your comrades, your friends, you start thinking that the relationships you forge with them during those intimate times will last forever, will continue on and on and on into the distant future.  So, naturally, it comes as a jolt to your system, it comes as a shock to your sense of justice, in fact it comes like a violent convulsing hurricane shaking your very soul when the universe suddenly collapses all round you and everything becomes confusing, unfamiliar and hostile, when someone you had gotten close to, when someone you looked upon as a friend, starts to boss you around, starts to treat you as a menial, as if you were never her friend.  You begin to wonder if you were dreaming, or if you were insane, if you were stark raving mad, when the person who you thought was your friend turns out to be someone who was never your friend.  Jyl had indeed started to think of Cassandra as a pal, as a chum, a buddy, a friend.  So, naturally, it shook her up enormously when she heard Queen Cassandra address her in a rude, peremptory and terribly dictatorial way. `I don’t want you getting drunk any more.  I don’t want you cavorting with your juvenile delinquent boyfriends in this Castle any more.  Do you hear me?  You will work, and you will study, and you will make something of yourself, and you will comport yourself like a good little kid, or else you will be cast out!  Got it?  Cast out!  Is that clear enough for you?’ stormed Queen Cassandra, addressing herself to little Jyl, just two minutes ago.
`Oh yes, Your Majesty, very clear.’
Jyl found the bucket and filled it with soap and water.  Then she found the scrubbing brush.  `Out with the Old Queen and in with the New Queen,’ muttered Jyl as she marched off in the direction of some marble flooring.  Soon she was on her hands and knees, scrubbing one of the marble floors in the Castle.  There were lots and lots of marble floors in the Castle that little Jyl would be seen scrubbing in the coming days and months and years.

The End
