
Ripppples

Jon Jacks


Other New Adult and Children’s books by Jon Jacks

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes  –  Death of a Fairytale Princess  –  The Incurable Caress
The Maid’s Caul  –  Nu’s Ark  –  A Disgraced Angel  –  Wake Me Up When it’s Christmas
God’s Toybox  –  Aurora Rising  –  The Veil  –  Petals: Portals of Desire

Text copyright© 2021 Jon Jacks
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this ebook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 
Thank you for your support.




Chapter 1

A son of the legendary, lame smith has much to live up to.
(And as for a daughter, well…but Bougenes is fated to appear later.)
Kadmilos, whose name means ‘round shield’, felt he was destined, then, to create a protective ring, one surpassing all others in its ingenuity and power.
But what should such a ring be made of?
How should it be forged?
Then one day, as he dipped a rod of blazing hot iron into his pail of cooling water, he saw the ripples rushing out from the centre.
Ripples that were quite substantial in their abruptly enforced solidity: even seemingly retrievable, with a swift dip of his tongs.
Seemingly.
Yet if metals could be withdrawn from stone; then why not a ring from water?


*


Chapter 2

All that was left of the realm of Echion was a delicately white throat of soaring, snow-clad mountains; the ‘Dragon’s Tooth’, ringed by four far more formidable, far more avaricious kingdoms.
The king of one possessed a magically forged ring of water granting him power to conjure up storms. 
The king of another wore a ring that made the earth itself tremble.
The ring held by the third king could bend the very air itself to the advantage of its wearer. 
The fourth king safely wore a ring of flames, for fire obeyed his commands.
Slowly, they had each devoured whatever they could of Echion over the years, being careful only to avoid angering the other kingdoms: for they naturally feared pitting one magical power against another, as no one could be sure who’d prevail.
No one dared risking the animosity of the other three by taking over the towering realm, which overlooked all others. 
Its own magical attributes, although insubstantial compared to the powers granted to the wielders of the rings, were also nevertheless desirable; a ram who gifted a wool of gold, Echion’s sole source of income, and the Necklace of Harmony, granting its bearer an enviable beauty and semblance of youth.
Indeed, it was sourly rumoured that Echion’s queen was surely easily old enough to be the king’s mother, hence the trouble they suffered when it came to producing a heir to the realm.
They might well have had no children at all if the queen hadn’t wisely spared a sparkling fish that had somehow become trapped in the courtyard’s fountain. It granted her three eggs, leading to the birth of the most beautifully identical triplets – each one, of course, being a girl.
Still wishing for a son, the king had followed an old woman’s advice to let an angry dog bite him.
The result was a girl once more, albeit one who seemed more at home in the forest than at any ball or courtly event.
Naturally, no one was interested in marrying her.
But as for her three sisters; well, it was now quite obvious that Echion’s king and queen were incapable of giving birth to a prince who would inherit the realm, and so the surrounding kings were eagerly vying to make them their queens. 
The elegant neck of Echion would bow at last to a new ruler.
‘Unless,’ the queen adamantly declared to her daughters, ‘a new, fifth ring is found!’ 


*


But did such a ring, a fifth ring, actually exist?
Indeed, the real question was: could it exist?
What could it possibly be made of to grant it powers overshadowing those of the other rings?
Every adventurer sent out on a quest to find the ring returned – if he returned at all – with nothing but ever more confusing tales of how the existing four rings had come to be formed. 
But what use were such tales, Queen Polybea fumed, when they contradicted each other in specific details, or suffered from mistranslations as their telling crossed borders? Illustrations on ancient pottery supposedly gave extra clues, yet she herself had seen renderings commemorating comparatively recent events that transformed defeat in battle into victories.
Tales, myths and fairystories were of no use to her.
There was one thing that most tales appeared to agree upon, however.
The smiths who’d created each of the four rings were now dead.
And the last of their line was a daughter…
Which meant there was only one conclusion Queen Polybea could arrive at.
She needed more time…


*


Chapter 3

Queen Polybea demanded gifts for her daughters that would prove which of the kings were their most ardent suitors.
From the king who could control water, she asked for a cloak of fire.
From the king who controlled the movement of the earth, she expected a gown of rippling air.
The king who effortlessly bent the air to his will must create a garment like a living garden.
While, naturally, the king who wove fire was required to provide a chemise that fell away from the shoulders as a cascading waterfall.
At worst, the queen reckoned, the ambitious kings would have to put aside war-like intentions and collaborate if they wished to produce such remarkable garments.
For marriage, she realised, wouldn’t solve Echion’s problems, so much as transform their nature.
With little more than minutes separating the birth of her three daughters, each king would be tempted to question the legitimacy of any inheritance.
And then, of course, there was also the fourth king to consider, the king who’d fail to woo any of the three eldest daughters…
If only Orthia, the fourth and youngest, had been born beautiful…


*


The woods were the most beautiful place on earth, Orthia thought, gleefully glancing everywhere about her as she elatedly ran along the track lazily winding its way through the soaring trees.
No one else thought this way about the forest, of course.
They regarded it as being wholly wild, untamed – dangerous.
No one in their right mind ventured into the woods unless they absolutely had to.
‘Where are your sisters?’ the fish would ask Orthia as she sat by a sparkling pool. ‘We have so much to tell them!’
‘They’re preparing to be married,’ Orthia would sadly reply, ‘and no king would marry a girl who sees the wood as a home.’
‘Then tell them not to marry the king who controls the waters,’ they advised one day, ‘for he diverts streams on a whim, with no care for the damage he causes.’
‘If the king produces the requested marriage cloak of fire, then I’m afraid they’ll have no choice…Besides, I’ve heard he uses his command of the storms to irrigate the land.’
‘Yet he can’t restore those who are already dead…’
‘And remains unwilling to help anyone who refuses to show him allegiance.’
‘But you’ve just pointed out why my sisters can’t refuse his offers of marriage: his Minotaur–helmeted men are unstoppable whenever he conjures up storms against their enemies.’ 
‘Kadmilos the smith is to blame,’ one of the patiently bobbing fish replied, the slight fluctuations of his fins sending out ripples across the pond. ‘He cut off the head of the great serpent Ai NOmrAH, simply to find out the secret of making a ring of water.’
‘Then he’s much to answer for,’ Orthia sternly declared, putting aside the admiration she felt for a smith who could solidify the rippling of water. ‘But how could such a thing ever be made?’
The fish swapped puzzled glances.
‘We’ve never quite understood that ourselves,’ they forlornly admitted.


*


Chapter 4

King Thyestes couldn’t even begin to fathom why the queen brooded and worried so about who would inherit their realm.
It would pass to a daughter, Antheis presumably, as she was the oldest of the three if by only a few minutes. And it would be her son who would ultimately rule.
‘And don’t you think the kings will argue over those very minutes you deem so unimportant?’ the queen scolded. ‘Won’t they scheme and wheedle “confessions” out of poor nurses and midwives until they can proclaim it is Aegleis or Lytaea who should inherit the realm?’
‘Then there’s no answer to such a conundrum,’ the king forlornly admitted. ‘If they’re not prepared to accept Nature’s irrevocable decision, then they’ll accept no one else’s judgement!’
‘It isn’t judgement we require, husband, but rather an adjournment; we need a strategy based around continued delay! We need time to find a fifth ring; or to yet produce our long-awaited son!’
‘My dear, we’ve gone around in endless circles in our attempts to–’ 
King Thyestes had every intention to sound merely reasonable rather than beyond hope. 
Yet the queen cut him off, her own tone abruptly determined.
‘Yes! That, truly, is the long sought for fifth ring; the completion of the circle! It can only be a son of my lineage that indisputably answers every challenge to the throne!’
The king winced at her words: ‘my lineage’.
And yet he knew the queen spoke truthfully.
As a Prince of Hyakinthos, his own blood had no bearing on the legality of any child’s inheritance to the realm.
Or, at least, the four kings would find every reason to belittle the claim of any child who hadn’t sprung directly from Echion’s ancestral rulers.
If only the queen had realised he’d so woefully misinterpreted her meaning.
For it was her own blood that she believed to be at fault.
Hadn’t she, like her own daughter Antheis, been the eldest of three sisters?
Hadn’t her own mother, too, had only sisters, not brothers?
Her mother’s mother was also the eldest of sisters. 
And her mother before her too.
As far back as it had been recorded in the annals, Echion’s queen had only ever borne daughters.
And yet – the younger sisters had never had any problems bearing sons.
What linked every queen other than this failure to produce a male heir?
The necklace.
It was not only handed down as an important part of accepting rulership of the realm, but was also ceremoniously draped about the first born daughter at birth, serving as a promise of what would ultimately be theirs.
Was beauty attained at the expense of being unable to bear a son?
Without another word to the king, as if she were in a daze, the queen silently reached towards her throat, undid the clasp: and for the first time since she’d been first presented with it, lifted the necklace away from around her neck.


*


‘Did we hear you talking to the fish?’
‘About a magical ring?’
As Orthia made her way from the pool, the earth about her seemed to briefly come alive. It shifted subtly, sliding aside as piles of dust, as rabbits appeared at the previously hidden entrances to their warrens.
‘Yes,’ she happily replied to their curious calls, ‘a ring forged by Kadmilos, a lame smith!’
‘No, no,’ one of the smaller rabbits irately protested, ‘it was a ring made by his son!’
‘Although, yes, we believe he was lame!’ another agreed.
‘But it wasn’t a ring of water, but of the darkest soil!’
‘Ah, I see!’ Orthia exclaimed excitedly. ‘This is another ring! But tell me, how on earth was this ring made of soil?’
‘The young smith, as he struck his anvil again and again, saw the dust about him rippling outwards in waves!’ 
‘That makes sense!’ Orthia said. ‘The king who owns the ring makes the land itself move, carrying his armies with their goat-adorned shields rapidly across the earth! The ground quakes, shifts, and collides, creating new valleys or new mountain ranges overnight!’
‘But the smith had to cut off the head of the great serpent Ai NOmrAH to discover the secret of its forging!’
‘But…according to the fish, Ai NOmrAH was already dead…’ a bewildered Orthia replied. 
‘Yes, we overheard them say the smith had severed its head!’
‘Which made us wonder so, as we’d heard it was his son who’d beheaded Ai NOmrAH!’
‘And our source is the one to be believed!’
‘Why, who did you hear your version from?’ Orthia asked curiously. 
‘It’s from the worms that we’ve heard of the ring’s creation,’ a rabbit excitedly explained. 
‘They secretly and endlessly toil the soil, of course!’ 
‘But more remarkably still, as one half of them dies, another half forms…’
‘And in this way, it’s said, they can live for ever!’
‘And know everything of the earth from its birth!’
‘Ah, then perhaps, just like the worms…’ one of the rabbits mused thoughtfully, ‘this serpent also lives on!’


*


Chapter 5

The queen felt entirely bare without her once ever-present necklace.
As she swanned around the palace, she was fully aware of the many glances she was receiving everywhere she went. She’d always received gawping stares whenever she’d entered a room or hallway, naturally; but whereas she could once assuredly take these to be gazes of admiration or envy, now she feared they could only be the gawking of people detecting unfaltering faults.
How long would it be, she wondered, before the effects of removing the necklace would be visible to all?
Even as she’d first removed the necklace, she’d been terrified that the consequences might even be immediate.
Seeing the surprise in the king’s eyes, she’d instinctively reached for his hand, grasping it reassuringly; but reassuringly for whom?
Why was he surprised?
Because she’d removed the necklace?
Or because she’d already been revealed in all her natural hideousness?
But he’d smiled, his expression more one of curiosity and anxiety rather than horror.
‘Maybe this is the only way to have a son of my blood,’ she’d explained with a sickly, pleading smile.
Would it even work, despite her sacrifice?
Her birth ceremony, involving the blessing of the necklace, could have rendered her forever incapable of bearing a son, whether she wore it or not.
Time was more crucial than ever to her plans.
‘Orthia could be our saviour,’ she said as brightly as she could to her concerned husband. ‘No king would accept such a wild girl as their queen: and yet if I grant her the necklace…’
She raised the necklace slightly, allowing its encircling serpents of gold to reflect the light as if abruptly ablaze with a heavenly light.
The king smiled, nodded.
Yes, he thought he understood her purpose: no matter how horrendous it was to think too deeply upon every repercussion.
It would be best, he decided, not to tell the queen that wrinkles appeared for the first time about her eyes as she smiled.


*


A haze of midges is normally a worry to everyone, no matter the size or strength of the person enveloped: for no matter how hard you attempt to swat the minute creatures aside, it has no effect whatsoever on the density of the frustratingly irritating cloud.
They rarely bothered Orthia, however, parting before her as they had no wish to cause her any disturbance. 
Today, though, they milled everywhere about her, the buzzing of innumerable wings urgent, perhaps even alarmed.
‘The worms have it wrong, we believe,’ the humming anxiously informed her. 
‘About the serpent?’ Orthia asked concernedly. ‘Or the smith’s son?’
‘Why, both of course,’ the mist replied. ‘And the ring was of air, not the earth!’
‘Ah, then this could be the third ring!’ Orthia declared elatedly. ‘I know of a king who owns such a ring; using it to conjure up mirages of vast yet actually non-existent armies with ram-horned helms. Or he impresses visitors with glittering cities that are nothing but creations of their own confounded imaginations!’
‘Ah, now that would make sense,’ the whirling fog of countless insects agreed. ‘For we’d heard it was a son of the son of this Kadmilos!’
‘He’d seen how the air above his furnace rippled,’ the cloud immediately continued.
‘And he was the one who’d removed the serpent’s head!’ it added.
‘Just how many heads does this poor serpent have?’ Orthia chuckled. 
‘Perhaps there’s been some confusion in the telling and the retelling,’ the mist mused, ‘for the boy was armed with nothing but an earthen stone and a jug, containing water from the life-giving spring…’
‘Such poor weapons of choice to face a serpent! Are you sure the poor thing wasn’t already dead?’
‘Yet thrown everywhere about himself, the water created a veiling mist in which he could engage the monster…’
‘Engagement?’ Orthia amusedly if a touch sadly declared. ‘You sound as if you’re already aware of what my sisters face. They must drench their bridegrooms in the life-giving waters of seductive Peitho, Lady of the Bride Chamber!’
‘Surely only one serpent can be married to another?’ the mist demurred, misinterpreting Orthia’s irony.
‘In the case of my sisters at least, it seems not,’ Orthia chuckled bitterly. ‘Their necks tingle as they recoil from the touch of the serpents they’re being forced to entwine with.’
‘Then we can only be thankful you at least are being spared, Orthia,’ the haze assured her. 


*


Chapter 6

The serpent that coiled about her neck was of finest gold, its star-spangled back inlaid with glittering gems.
The clasp at her throat was formed where the hissing maws of the two-headed beast firmly held a ruby-eyed eagle; an eagle with wings of yellow jasper, Indian agate, gleaming pearl, and a moonstone whose milky light waxed and waned along with Selene herself.
Seeing this, could anyone doubt that Peitho’s draping of a golden necklace about the first woman’s neck had granted her the most remarkable powers of persuasion?
‘I don’t want it: I don’t want to be beautiful!’ Orthia wailed ungratefully.
‘Don’t you see I’m giving up so much for you, Orthia?’ her mother exasperatedly retorted. ‘The Necklace of Harmony is Echion’s most precious possession: I’m effectively sacrificing my own beauty for you!’
Orthia glared back at her. 
‘And don’t you see, Mother, that’s there’s no difference in you at all that I can see!’
She whirled about to look at herself in a nearby mirror that, until now, she’d been characteristically avoiding. 
‘Whereas I’m still the odd little sprite I was born to be!’
The queen’s deceptively simple sigh was actually a complex mingling of emotions.
Yes, naturally, she was frustrated by her youngest daughter’s unfathomable refusal to accept a gift that any other woman would have blissfully accepted.
Yet, too, there was also a hint of relief that her own beauty apparently remained intact and unblemished.
Mirrors adorned every inch of the palace, ensuring it was impossible for her not to regularly catch a glimpse of herself as she passed by. 
The grace, the elegance, was all still there, thankfully.
But did that mean her inability to bear a son still remained too?
Or was it all purely a matter of patience, of waiting until the powers of the necklace began to take effect?
‘You can’t expect the effect to be immediate,’ she said chidingly to Orthia.
Even as she said this, as much to herself as to her daughter, it dawned upon her that she’d always been beautiful.
Was that, once again, due to the birth ritual invoking the powers lying behind the necklace?
Or were the supposed powers of the necklace purely imagined after all? Was a woman forever blessed or cursed with what Nature had endowed her with from the time of her first breath?
‘I don’t want to be changed in any way whatsoever, immediately or otherwise!’ Orthia protested as she ineffectively attempted to undo the complicated clasp.
The queen sighed again, resignedly this time.
The course had been set.
The double-headed serpent curling about Orthia’s neck had accepted its new charge.
And if its powers truly existed, then as Orthia’s beauty waxed, the queen’s would wane, linked in perfect harmony.


*


Orthia had never felt more stupid, more humiliated.
She had never, ever, felt more self-conscious; for everywhere she went, people stared, unavoidably smirked, as they noticed the sparkling gold serpent entwined about her neck.
So the eternal wood sprite had succumbed to the allure of being beautiful had she?
That was quite a task set for even the Necklace of Harmony; to transform dross into gold! 
Orthia wished that, as usual, she could disappear down the woods.
But she’d been expressly forbidden from going anywhere near them.
If she came back scratched and scuffed, why, what would be the point of her mother’s already painful sacrifice?
Weary of the mocking glances she was receiving in every quarter of the palace, she descended into its lower areas, the domain of servants and tradesmen.
It was darker here, with less illumination, either from lamps or windows.
Still, though, the coiling serpent was unmissable, shining as if with its own unbending light.
As befitting their lowly station, the servants passing by in the narrow corridors demurely bowed their heads as they squeezed past Orthia; yet surely that was an excited tittering, growing to a bemused chortling, that was echoing everywhere about the labyrinthine tunnels?
Even the large kitchens, Orthia felt, was far too public for her liking.
She dropped even lower, then, down towards the furnace that blasted heat up and along the warren of serpentine burrows that kept the palace warm in all weathers.
The fire here raged endlessly, it was said, and had never once been allowed to die out in the seven years since its lighting on the completion of the hypocaust’s construction.
The men tending the flames were almost naked, sweating profusely as they threw on more logs from a large pile stacked against a wall.
Startled by Orthia’s abrupt and unexpected appearance, they stopped work to ashamedly reposition their tattered loin clothes, before apologetically yet hurriedly shuffling past her to leave her on her own.
As they left, she sat down upon one of the larger, upended logs, as it was the only thing in here offering any degree of comfort.
She miserably dropped her head into her cupped, supporting hands. 
Here, away from everyone, she could cry.


*


Chapter 7

Despite Orthia’s belligerence and doubts, the queen was sure that the Necklace of Harmony would eventually provide the desired results.
But how was such a miraculous transformation to be announced to the world; or, at the very least, to the four kings?
Letters, proclamations: these were hardly the best means of drawing an intended suitor’s notice to a recent blooming of beauty.
It was far better, naturally, that he believed he’d arrived at that conclusion unaided, let alone cajoled.
An event to which everyone could be apparently innocently invited; yet one ostensibly held for some other entirely different purpose. Yes, that would be ideal – allowing the kings to see and make judgement for themselves on Orthia’s burgeoning splendour.
A beauty contest!
Only, a contest in which the most beautiful of all wasn’t even entered. 
One on the lines, then, of the Judgment of Paris.
For although Hera, Athena and Aphrodite vied for the golden apple of the Hesperides, the fairest one of all was unarguably Helen.


*


Orthia’s tears ran slowly across her cheek.
They poured down along the curving lines of her neck, pooling briefly in the slight depression of her throat, held there by the twin heads of the serpent.
‘Of what use are tears?’
Orthia was startled by the interruption; she’d believed she was all alone down here, after all.
A creature the like of which she’d never seen had emerged from the flames of the furnace. It was as small as a newt, and similar in shape, only its back sparkled with the brightest of yellow stars.
This creature, whatever it was, observed her curiously.
Then, suddenly, before she was even aware of its intention, or even what was now happening, the minute beast had scampered up her entire body to slake its thirst in the pool of water she’d unintentionally provided.
‘I was wrong,’ this monster in miniature admitted from its hiding place beneath the jutting of Orthia’s chin, ‘your tears are worthy of the moon herself.’
‘And – if I might ask – you are…?’
‘Why, I’m…is that of any real importance to you?’
‘In polite society, people are introduced before joining in conversati– wait! What are you doing?’
A horrified Orthia would have reached for her throat as she felt the creature coiling and squirming as it bathed in the pooled waters. Yet she feared crushing the tiny beast, which was surely undeserved.
‘I was cooling down, that’s all,’ the beast admitted apologetically. ‘I don’t shed tears, but I do secrete a milky toxin to dissuade those meaning me harm…’
Having risen from her seat, Orthia had hurriedly sought out anything resembling a reflective surface in which she could see the creature once more.
Peering into the rapidly wiped steel blade of a shovel, she saw the small beast peering back at her, its head comfortably nestled between those of the serpents’, as if forming a third, almost identical face rising up from the spring formed of Orthia’s tears.
‘I hope you’re not intending to set up home there!’ Orthia scowled.
‘Oh, pretty little thing, aren’t I?’ the creature mischievously chuckled, admiring its own reflection. 
‘Obviously it’s true what they say; that beauty’s in the eye of the beholder!’ Orthia replied scornfully.
‘Ouch! That’s harsh!’ the beast replied. ‘I suppose marriage is out of the question after all, then?’
‘Marriage?’ Orthia sounded scandalised. ‘I couldn’t possible marry someone who was…well, so obviously very different!’
‘I suppose we have only just met…’ the creature mused. ‘But then, that’s hardly my fault; I’m fresh to the world, born of the flames of a fire that’s blazed for seven years!’
‘Creature’s don’t appear from flames! You’ve simply been sleeping in the hollow of a log; admit it now!’
‘Who are you to claim life doesn’t leap out of the flames? What of the smiths, then, who use their magic to bring forth all manner of creations from their fires?’
‘That’s entirely different! Fire is otherwise wholly destructive!’
‘Oh yes? Don’t you depend on it utterly for warmth, cooking, and the transformations of raw materials into life’s essentials?’ 
‘But again, that’s completely different!’ Orthia uncertainly retorted.
‘Then what of the ring of fire, which grants its wielder power over this most important element of all?’
‘Hah! A ring enabling his Gorgon-emblazoned armies to destroy any realm of their choosing! Besides, how could you possibly know of the fiery ring? You just claimed to be fresh to the world!’
‘Ah, but the flames themselves; they know so much!’
‘Flames can’t talk!’
‘Oh no? Then how would you explain their knowledge of the great-grandson of Kadmilos? He realised his dream of the ring only once he’d linked the fires of his furnace to the rays circling endlessly out from the sun’s fiery orb.’
‘Don’t tell me; he cut off the head of the great serpent!’ 
‘Of course! Aided whenever necessary by Peitho’s persuasive lash–’  
‘Just how many heads does this Ai NOmrAH have?’
‘Three,’ the third head rising from her throat replied. ‘And you may simply call it NOmrAH, for Ai is simply Apollo’s woeful cry, “alas”.’
‘Yet there are four rings…’
‘Three remaining heads…the lion, eagle, and serpent – but there were seven originally. The heads of a bull, goat, ram, and, yes even a gorgon-like man. They’re all now nothing but carcasses hanging in a nearby tree.’ 
‘Then…a fifth ring could be forged?’ Orthia asked hopefully, remembering the conversations she’d overheard between her mother and father.
If a fifth ring was at last discovered, she might well be able to beg her mother to release her from wearing the Necklace of Harmony.
The tiny beast shook its head.
‘I…I don’t think that would be possible,’ he confessed unsurely.
‘Why not? Four heads of the serpent produced four rings! And you’ve just told me three heads remain!’
‘But can you think, then, what these other rings might be formed of?’
‘Well, no…’ Orthia admitted after a moment’s thought. ‘The four I know of are formed of the elements…’
‘Precisely! The shredded Dionysos Bull, rising from subterranean depths as the waters of Akhelous, his horn of earthly bounty carried by the goat Amaltheia; while the psychopompos Hermes bears the ram of sacrifice up into the air, where man is gifted Prometheus’s fire.’ 
‘Then…there must be some fifth element? What of this lion, this eagle, and the serpent…?’
‘But the four rings we know of, apparently so obvious to us now we’re aware of their existence, could only be arrived at once a smith recognised how an encircling ring could be formed from them! Only then could they approach NOmrAH to demand the secret of its actual creation!’
‘Then if I sought out this NOmrAH…’
The beast shook its head again, chuckled.
‘Ah, but that’s not part of the arrangement, is it?’
‘Arrangement?’
‘The arrangement arrived at by Kadmilos and NOmrAH!’
‘Why didn’t this Kadmilos simply insist that the serpent revealed the secret of every ring?’
‘He’d thought only of the rippling of water: it would be up to his son, and the son of his son, and so on, NOmrAH declared – if only to prevent the useless wasting of his life – to each arrive at the ideas for all the others. To ensure this promise, NOmrAH told Kadmilos to take and drink seven drops of his spilled blood; one for himself, the other six to enable a linked and accomplished lineage.’
‘Then…’ Hope surged once again through Orthia. ‘There’s another smith…’
The beast laughed.
‘And do you really think NOmrAH would sacrifice his every head to Kadmilos?’
Orthia frowned in confusion
‘But the arrangement; the seven drops of blood…?’
The fifth of which, it’s now apparent, would give rise to a daughter…’


*


Chapter 8

‘A beauty contest!’
It was hard for Orthia to tell who was the angriest.
Every one of her sisters was fuming
‘A disgrace!’
‘Outrageous!’
‘Humiliating!’
‘But…you’re all beautiful!’ Orthia insisted, entirely bemused by the news that the princesses would be subjected to such a shameful – and ultimately pointless – exercise. 
Even their parents had difficulty telling one sister apart from the other.
‘You’ll all have to be awarded the top prize!’ Orthia continued breezily. ‘With poor old me coming in last of all!’
She didn’t add this with any sense of regret or bitterness.
It had always been taken for granted that Orthia could never be expected to even hope to match the perfectly natural beauty of her elder sisters.
That had always been the case, at least, until she’d been gifted the Necklace of Harmony. Yet even now, even with the aid of the supposedly magical powers of the necklace, Orthia remained ugly and gawky when compared to the abundant grace bequeathed to and so equally shared amongst the triplets.
No one begrudged the gifting of the necklace to the ugly duckling that was Orthia.
In fact, they had agreed amongst themselves long ago that when the time came for one of them to inherit the necklace, they would turn it down.
Antheis, as first in line, and the more likely inheritor of the necklace, had most to lose of course when making this agreement.
But as there had been so little difference in the timing between their births, and as the midwives had fearfully declared that the birth of triplets was rare and dangerous, with little certainty of who might ultimately survive, every one of them had received the blessing of the necklace.
Their beauty, then, seemed assured from that day forth.
Why put their ease with each other at risk for the sake of what could only be the very mildest of improvements?
Why, they even dressed similarly at all times, refusing to make any effort to put the others in the shade.
It was thought they even, surely, thought entirely alike too!
‘Nonsense!’
‘Don’t be so hard on yourself, Orthia!’
‘Your full beauty is yet to blossom; we assure you!’
‘If you don’t wish to take part…’
‘Then we’ll defend your decision!’
‘In fact…how much fun would it be…’
‘Yes, yes…if we make entirely sure there’s nothing at all to choose between us!’


*


When the sisters gathered to put their concerns to their mother, they were each taken by complete surprise when the queen uncomplainingly acceded to the demand that Orthia at least shouldn’t be forced to take part.
Queen Polybea imperiously stepped towards her youngest daughter, reaching out to tenderly stroke a cheek, to caress her chin; to carefully turn the young girl’s face first this way then that, observingly it closely in an apparently fruitless attempt to detect any major changes.
She frowned in disappointment. 
‘Yes, yes; it would be unfair to force Orthia to take part,’ she agreed dejectedly. ‘I had hoped there would be some signs of improvement by now – or at least in good time for the Geranos Dance!’
‘That’s when the contest will be held?’
‘During the time of the dancing?
‘And who will be judge?’
‘The creator of the dance himself: Theseus!’
‘My uncle?’ Orthia gasped in awe.
Orthia had never met her father’s elder brother. But no one could claim to be unaware of his fame. The yearly dances were a celebratory imitation of his rescuing of the sacrificial lambs from the Minotaur’s labyrinth.
‘He will draw the crowds, don’t you think?’ the queen chuckled merrily. ‘And that, Orthia, is why you must stop resisting the powers of the necklace–’ 
‘I’m not resisting them, Mother! It’s obvious that’s there’s nothing it can do for me!’
‘Well come what may, Orthia,’ the queen replied more sternly, ‘it will be your turn to lead the dancers this year!’
‘But Mother, no!’ Orthia wailed worriedly. ‘It will be so embarrassing for me! Only the most beautiful – the most graceful – of girls are allowed to lead them!’
‘And that is precisely what you will be,’ the queen firmly insisted, her hands dropping away now from Orthia’s face to rest upon and gently caress the curves of the entwining serpent. ‘I do believe we’re both resisting what must be…pulling and working against each other, rather than working in harmony…’
Her voice drifted off, her thoughts on the problems facing them all.
Yes, wasn’t she fighting giving up her beauty just as much – if not more so – than Orthia was hoping to retain her childhood freedoms? 
The amphisbaena; that was the name for this serpent, with a head at either end of its coiling body.
‘To go both ways.’
That’s what the name of the creature meant.
But if each head was determined to set its own course; why, the only result could be that they got nowhere at all!
And as this dawned upon her, as she let go of the grip she’d firmly held over her own beauty and long-lasting youth, she saw the first of many changes to come in Orthia’s face, body, and demeanour.
Orthia’s eyes abruptly sparkled, as if possessing the dark blue depths of the very first oceans. 


*


Chapter 9

King Thyestes was drunk.
He’d had far, far too much wine.
An unforgivably weak man, who’d always depended upon the insights and cunning of his far more intelligent and wiser queen, he felt at a complete loss now that she was gone.
She was supposed to be here, of course; the host of her own funeral feast, her Perideipnon.
In spirit, if not in body.
But all he could see was the empty chair set alongside him.
The emptiness of the life stretching before him.
She’d aged quickly – quite unreasonably so! – over the last few days. At a rate that could only have been brought about by the most ravaging of diseases.
In her last hours, distressed by her rapidly waning appearance, she’d even dictated a change to the funeral rites, insisting that she mustn’t be laid out for viewing after the body’s preparation, but, rather, that she was placed immediately within a large, honey-filled jar.
And so, as he’d made his offerings and dedications to her, he’d been denied that last glimpse of his once beautiful wife that was afforded to every other bereaved husband.
His daughters weren’t here to console him either, for they were busy ritually cleansing their home with seawater and hyssop.
He miserably cast his eyes over the gathering, wondering how he was supposed to survive such intensive levels of completely underserved agony.
And then – wonderfully, unbelievably, miraculously – he saw her!
And, once again, she was as beautiful as she’d ever been!
She’d graced her feast after all!
And…and…and she wasn’t simply here in spirit.
She was alive: smiling, walking through the milling throng, the crowd parting, smiling back at her, admiring her.
Was it the pithos of honey she’d asked to be buried in?
Had it miraculously returned her to life, as he’d heard it had for Glaucus, son of Minos and Pasiphae?
He sharply rose to his feet, startled, awed – elated!
Behind his beautiful wife there next he came his three almost equally beautiful daughters.
But why, then, did they appear so sad?
Shouldn’t they be joyously celebrating their mother’s return?
And where was Orthia?
She should be here too, to greet the queen’s miraculous rebirth!
She should–
At last, King Thyestes abruptly realised his terrible mistake.
Orthia had gained all the beauty his queen had lost.
Her elegance.
Her gracious demeanour.
‘Of my blood.’
She was the queen herself, reborn anew in all her glory.
‘Orthia could be our saviour…’
And as the king recalled the queen’s words, it dawned on him that the implication behind them was truly terrible…
Oh, if only the queen had realised he would so woefully misinterpret her meaning.


*


Chapter 10

Naturally, every one of the king’s daughters were entirely appalled by their father’s outrageous suggestion.
Even more so as he continued to insist that it was at the queen’s express command; that she had personally informed him that it was her dearest wish.
Orthia was to be wedded, as soon as reasonably feasible, and that was it!
He’d been quite clearly driven mad by grief!
‘What did we learn from Mother but that you must delay anything that at first appears inevitable?’ Antheis advised the distraught Orthia.
‘Antheis is right,’ Aegleis agreed, ‘you must ask Father for a marriage gifts he’s quite clearly incapable of providing.’
‘As with our would-be suitors,’ Lytaea said, ‘you must ask for a most remarkable wedding gown…
‘Only one no one could possibly produce!’ Antheis added excitedly. ‘A gown of silver and golden threads, drawn from the seasons that cloak the earth herself: the frosts of winter, the earthly fire of summer!’ 
‘He’ll refuse,’ Orthia pointed out. ‘He’ll simply declare that while Mother might freely ply her tricks on other kings, she would never play games with him when it came to the safety of the realm!’
‘Then we must think once again as Mother would think!’ Lytaea said.
‘We must put him in a position where it would be humiliating for him to refuse!’ Aegleis said.
‘I have it!’ Antheis exclaimed elatedly. ‘We must set it in the terms of a task; announced as a celebration of the arrival at court of the heroic Theseus!’ 


*


As Orthia had expected, King Thyestes was instinctively prepared to dismiss her demand for a gown bedecked in tones plied from the seasons themselves as a ludicrous stipulation. Its creation was a task quite obviously beyond the capabilities of any normal man.
Yet as Antheis had anticipated, as she finished delivering the request her father faltered, glancing Theseus’s way: for here was no normal man.
Here, as they’d already heard boasted a number of times since his arrival, was a man who’d ‘drawn something to eat from the eater’, who’d ‘brought sweetness out of strength’: for he’d left the head of the Minotaur deep within its dark cavern where, in time, it became the hive of bees producing golden honey.
Theseus looked towards his younger brother expectantly – amusedly. 
‘A wedding gown worthy of Mother Earth it shall be,’ King Thyestes announced with far more surety that he surely felt. ‘For it’s from my strength of fortitude that my sweet love will receive everything she desires!’ 


*


Chapter 11

The finished gown was more glorious than anyone could have possibly imagined. 
It shone, at one moment, with the heat of midday, the fluid reds of evening, the impossible purples of the dawn, the gold of fields of ripening wheat.
In an instant, it was the silvery patterns of frost, the transparent blues of hardest ice, the pure white of virgin snow.
‘But how….’
Orthia was at once dismayed and awed.
‘The leaves of the trees absorb the sun, spilling it out within a golden sap that only a thousand spinners could delicately retrieve and transform into a thread,’ the king triumphantly replied, feeling it best to avoid mentioning those who ply magic. 
‘The frost, of course, throws out its own glorious creations, lace of the finest and most delicate, that only the nimblest of fingers could reliably unpick.’
Every one of his daughters was astonished by their father’s accomplishment.
Even more so as Theseus complained daily that the task set him – to determine who was the most beautiful amongst triplets – was an impossible assignment.
‘They make no effort whatsoever to outdo each other!’ Theseus grumbled bitterly. ‘Nor do they seek to bribe me in any way to make my chore easier; not even with the offer of a kiss, or some other promise!’
Thyestes had succeeded while Theseus appeared set to fail!
He bathed now in the glow of the magical dress, appreciating the warmth of a most satisfactory victory over his brother.
‘It’s truly, truly beautiful, Father!’ Antheis gushed, unexpectedly stepping forward to pick up the dress, draping it loosely about her as she set off into a tripping dance, lost already it seemed in imagined, admiring glances. ‘Thank you so much for such a wondrous gift; and so deserving of your eldest child!’
‘What? But–’ 
‘Perhaps my task isn’t so unachievable after all!’ Theseus breezily if rudely interrupted his brother before the king could put more flesh to his objection. ‘Surly you can’t refuse your eldest this opportunity to shine, Thyestes?’
With a wave of a hand, he drew the king’s attention to the way Antheis’s freewheeling dance had elicited the court’s approval. 
She shone indeed, her dress of golden summers, of silvery frosts, granting her an unforeseen advantage over her abruptly duller looking identical sisters.
King Thyestes frowned irritably: his brother’s task had indeed been abruptly made easier. 
All the more reason, then, to insist that the gown had been intended for Orthia alone: and yet how could he be seen to be apparently deliberately thwarting Theseus in front of the entire court?
How could he refuse his eldest daughter this gown that she, after all, had spoken of in front of every courtier?
‘But if Antheis is gifted such a wonderful gown, Father,’ Lytaea brazenly declared, preventing the king from thinking anymore on his problem, ‘then quite obviously Orthia, as the intended, must receive a gown woven from an even more remarkable material!’
‘More remarkable than threads drawn from the heat of summer?’ the king retorted exasperatedly.
‘Yes, yes, this should also be a gown of the sun’s golden rays…but this time of its heavenly fires…and mixed, too...with the fluid coolness of purest moon silk!’ Aegleis hurriedly agreed. ‘One that…that, like the moon herself, waxes and wanes in its contrasts of light and shadow; then, each month, it appears wholly anew once more, reborn in its most complete glory without any ageing blemish or fault!’
The king observed the expectant stares of the courtiers.
He’d been set another task. 
He must accept it, every stare individually proclaimed, or be forever seen as a lesser creature than his more accomplished brother.
He’d successfully produced a supposedly impossible dress.
Why, then, shouldn’t he be able to do it once more?


*


To Theseus’s dismay, Antheis discarded her remarkable gown as soon as possible.
Once again, she was entirely indistinguishable from the siblings she shared a birthday with.
‘I swear that, even if I cast a golden apple of the Hesperides amongst them, none would reach out for it for fear of proclaiming themselves better than the others!’
Theseus grimaced as he contemplated the challenge facing him.
Undoubtedly, his brother’s task of creating a gown from moon beams was the easier one to accomplish!
King Thyestes, naturally, would disagree with him.
Still, he had the effortless riches of the wool of the golden ram to aid him in his assignment. And so, once again, he employed the finest spinners of both thread and spells to support his efforts to transform each night’s sleekly smooth sheets of light into materials dressmakers could use in their patterning, cutting and stitching.
‘I could more easily tell one cow apart from another!’ Theseus continued to fume, unaware or uncaring of his brother’s own anxieties. ‘Perhaps that’s it: rather than declaring a worthy winner, the fairest of all, I simply threaten to declare all three as being the equivalent of a prize herd!’
And even though he was only half listening to his brother’s endless grumbles, King Thyestes at last found something to smile about… 


*


Chapter 12

The dress of captured moonlight, of the heavenly blaze of the sun, was, astonishingly, even more beautiful than the one created from the silver and golden threads plied from summer and winter.
The threads of what could have been bronze, copper, and entwining gold flamed like the most welcoming of dawns. They flared and sparked, the intensity so fearsome many feared it might burn out their eyes if they gazed too long upon it. 
Then, as the threads of golden sun set and faded, the gown glistened with a silvery sheen that was at once painfully bright, yet appeared to be veiling an endlessly ultramarine darkness, a whole other realm lying just beyond its apparently easily penetrable glow.
Aegleis gasped.
How had her father managed to produce such a wondrously unbelievable garment?
She’d believed it to be an impossible task when she’d demanded its creation.
Seeing the shock on the faces of everyone gathered about him, the king felt emboldened enough to boast of how this remarkable gown had been devised.
‘When is the sun at its brightest but when it strikes the smoothed, angled sides of the great pyramids of the ancients, from where it’s focused and caught between the horns of the statues of their goddesses? Meanwhile my vast looms caught the delicate fibres of the cold, cooling threads of the moon. For when the moon casts her light across the night mists, it’s retrievable for those with the necessary skills, painstakingly milking the tiniest of slivers from each minute droplet…’
‘Father! How can I possibly thank you for putting so much work into creating this dress for me?’
Before Thyestes could make any form of protest, his daughter Aegleis had grasped the garment of ethereal moonlight, throwing it gaily about herself as her sister Antheis had with the dress of seasonal glories.
‘I shall wear it for the contest!’ she declared mischievously, and cunningly; for she knew full well that Orthia had been saved from accepting the gown of threads drawn from the seasons only because Theseus regarded the cloaking of heavenly light as an answer to his own problem.
‘A wonderful idea!’ Theseus predicatively proclaimed.
‘And so for Orthia,’ Lytaea swiftly interjected, thinking as quickly as she were able, ‘it must be a gown beyond the fiery, fluid glories of both the sun and moon: it can only be, then, the light of the breath of angels!’
The courtiers gasped in awe.
What a gown such a garment would be!
They looked expectantly towards their king.
‘Then a dress worthy of angels it shall be,’ he announced with a forced grin.


*


For this gown, King Thyestes realised, he would require the most accomplished weavers of weft, warp and wicker arts.
A dress of angelic breath!
It was surely impossible!
Theseus observed his brother’s pained musing with undisguised glee.
‘You know, you really do give in far too easily to your daughter’s demands,’ he chuckled admonishingly.
‘Aided by your helpful backing of their more ludicrous requests, I’ve noticed,’ Thyestes snapped back sourly.
‘Hmn, the light of angels….’ Theseus murmured with an affected thoughtfulness, ‘now, where could such a thing be possibly acquired…?’
His brother the king glared back at him.
Theseus leant forward, his demeanour and tone abruptly more appeasing.
‘There’s a serpent, I’ve heard, whose breaths are those of the heavens themselves,’ he said, ‘brought safely down through the eternal darkness within a body forming the very spine of the universe.’
‘A serpent? Hardly an angel?’ Thyestes observed contemptuously.
‘And what’s an angel but a messenger of heavenly thoughts? Of words – and breaths! We can’t blame the messenger for appearing in ways indifferent to how we erroneously envisioned them!’
The king dismissed his explanation with an indifferent wave of a hand.
‘How would we attain these “breaths” anyway?’ he scoffed.
‘Ah, but I think I know where this serpent might lie…’
‘You do?’ said Thyestes, turning towards his brother now with growing interest.
‘Look up into the night sky,’ Theseus pronounced officially, as if about to give the starlit instructions a ship’s navigator might rely on, ‘and follow the trail of what we’re told is Hera’s spurting milk after spurning the babe Heracles…’
‘Yes…?’
‘For, others say, this is the severed tail of the dragoness Tiamat, slain by Enlil of Nippur!’
‘Pah!’ Thyestes spat back furiously as Theseus’s previously serious expression collapsed into a gleeful smirk. ‘The light of the stars is no more attainable than that of angels!’
Theseus settled back into his chair with a satisfied chortling.
‘If you claim to draw out the milky tears of the moon, Brother, then how much harder can it be to milk the galaxy of a far more abundant light?’


*


Chapter 13

The odd, bright sparkling of the gown was quite blinding in its intensity.
Yet this glittering light swirled urgently from one place to another, so swiftly that no one could ever hope to trace let alone predict where the next glaring of burning fires would erupt from. 
Sometimes, too, there would be an explosion of light that was painful to the eyes, as hundreds of starbursts abruptly flamed at once.
Moreover, it shifted endlessly of its own accord, its motion possessing all the fluidly of waters granted a rational soul. For, in a breath, uncountable stars would blink out of existence, leaving only a deep darkness in their place, only for those areas that had previously been dark to burst into vivid life.
And naturally, no one could agree when this happened, for it depended solely upon each onlooker’s unique point of view. 
To each observer, then, the dress was an entirely different garment, and yet was never the same even for them.
When the princesses first saw it, the sight hurt their eyes in the most unimaginable ways.
They had to look away.
Orthia looked away longest, hoping to hide her tears.
Her father had been asked to produce the most improbable of gowns; and he had achieved it!
What drove him so, when he had forever been in the shadow of their far brighter mother?
The gown’s material could have been cut and drawn straight out of the heavens; for indeed it had, the dressmaker’s patterning cast over a night sky at its very coldest. The air had been so sharply freezing and hard that it could be sliced with a fiercely heated knife, the breath of a thousand seamstresses crystallising before them as a glittering cloud of miniature stars.
Perhaps it wasn’t the serpent of heavenly breath, Thyestes silently admitted to himself, yet it surely sufficed.
Was it truly of the fire and fluidity of angels?
Who was to say it wasn’t?
‘Thank you, brother,’ Theseus breathed as if in grateful relief. ‘It would have been so unfair on Lytaea if she’d been the only one entering the contest without a gown capable of bringing out her finer qualities!’
Lytaea had never believed she’d get away with claiming the dress was rightfully hers, as her sisters had already done now twice before her.
Appreciating the unexpected opportunity presented to her by her uncle, she hurriedly stepped towards and took up the shimmering gown, deftly casting its heavenly glow about herself.
‘Yes, yes, thank you, Father!’ she breathed rapidly in relief. ‘Now I do stand some hope when unfairly pitted against my far more gorgeous sisters!’
The king may well have been simmering with rage somewhere deep beneath the surface, but if so his experience of suffering the scrutinising gaze of his courtiers held him back from displaying it.
Equally aware that his brother was being held in check only by his desire to avoid acting shamefully, Theseus thought it time to create another distraction.
‘You’ve never explained to me, brother,’ Theseus said with feigned innocence, ‘why the beautiful Orthia isn’t allowed to take part in the contest.’
‘The queen didn’t wish for her to take part,’ the king replied starkly. ‘The problem, obviously, is that with nothing else to choose between my three eldest, every king is vying for the hand of the very eldest, if only by minutes: Antheis.’
‘And yet the only excitable preparation of a wedding gown has been for Orthia…?’
‘That was the queen’s wish, once again…’ Thyestes breathed nervously under his elder brother’s inquisitive glowering.
‘The queen’s?’ Theseus repeated doubtfully.
‘An heir to the realm can only stem from her blood…yes, yes, as distasteful as this is to us all, Theseus!’
Despite his angry bluster, the king withered beneath Theseus’s scolding glare. 
Worst of all, however, was the gasps and murmurs of shock and horror from amongst the now bewildered courtiers, many of whom had willing remained oblivious of their king’s intention, many of whom had suddenly had their worst fears confirmed.
‘Brother, this is wrong…’
‘The queen…the queen,’ Thyestes anxiously blustered once more, ‘the queen demanded it of me: of Orthia!’
‘You must have misheard her, Brother! No one can condone such a devilish action, no matter its purpose!’
‘Brother,’ Thyestes retorted harshly, his tone full of dark warnings, ‘the realm of Echion is threatened: sometimes, dreadful choices must be made to avoid something far more terrible!’
‘So we have three most remarkable gowns, brother!’ Theseus declared resignedly, with an uncharacteristic submissive throwing up of his hands into the air. ‘And yet you still leave your youngest without a garment suiting this…this most…extraordinary of weddings.’
‘Hah!’ Thyestes exclaimed scornfully, believing he’d already been tested to any normal man’s extremes. ‘So what must this wonderful gown be made of then, brother?’
Theseus looked towards Orthia as if, perhaps, expecting her to arrive at an answer.
Yet in that apparently innocent glance, Thyestes observed something far more worrying: he saw that Theseus had already made a decision regarding who was undoubtedly the fairest one of all.
Yes, his eyes lingered far too long upon Orthia for this to be, at best, the admiring gaze of an otherwise wisely disinterested uncle.
It was a gaze that could make even the finest and thickest of gowns immediately transparent.
‘I…I’ve no idea what such a gown must be made of,’ Orthia admitted tearfully, even though she tried so hard, she hoped so dearly, that she could suggest an execution in a material beyond any man’s making.
Even her sisters appeared perplexed.
They’d demanded threads garnered from the earthly seasons, from the sun and the moon, and even the heavens; what else could be expected of their father?
Why, that he behaved like a father, of course!
But who dare say that?
Even the brave Theseus seemed incapable of bringing the king to heel and at last seeing reason.
‘It must be a gown fit to grace someone worthy of an apple even the goddesses disrobed to own,’ he murmured distractedly. 
‘That’s enough, brother!’ the king snapped commandingly. ‘Orthia will lead the dance; I’ve already expressly decreed that she will not be taking part in the contest!’
Theseus couldn’t have appeared more dazed if he’d just stepped out of a dream.
‘What? I…I…yes, you’re right, brother,’ he managed to say at last, with a contrite bowing of his head. ‘I forget myself: I…I was merely lost in thought, pondering what this most remarkable of gowns might possibly be made of…’
‘My tears!’ 
Everyone stared in surprise at Orthia.
She was holding her head high, perhaps to hide the streaks of tears flowing down her reddened cheeks, tumbling down her long white neck, collecting along the circling coils of the serpent.
‘It must be a gown of my tears!’ she adamantly declared as, still weeping, she turned to leave and head off towards her apartments.


*


Chapter 14

A gown of tears?
How was such a thing even possible?
Yes, Orthia was tearful; but despite her anguish, no one could claim she was weeping anywhere near enough to create the reams of material necessary to create a gown.
And who’d collect the tears anyway, when she wasn’t allowing anyone – not even her dear sisters – anywhere near her?
A gown of tears?
What more must he do? 
And while he was wasting time striving to accomplish yet another impossible task, who knows what that devious, unscrupulous brother of his might be up to?
Enough of this gown nonsense!
He would have to act quickly – before his brother did!
He would cloak himself in the darkness of night!


*


The corridors leading to the apartments were too well lit, too well used by servants, even at this time of night, to be a viable route for the king to take.
The king slipped out instead into the darkness and relative loneliness of the yard, passing along towards the lawns that, sweeping around the back of the buildings, would bring him to a small door at the rear.
This was a door provided for the maids, who needed close, private access to Orthia’s rooms.
As the king skipped as lightly as he could across the grass, he caught a glimpse, a flash, of a blaze of gold.
The gold of a field of ripening hay bathed in sunlight.
Of long, tumbling hair, reflecting far more light than could ever be shone up on it.
Surely…surely Orthia hadn’t also come outside onto the darkened lawns?
Stranger still, this slice of the sun’s fiercest glare was rushing across the ground towards him. 
Too late, as he heard the thundering hooves, the angry bleats, he realised Echion’s golden ram had taken it upon himself to defend the princess’s honour.
The humiliated king fled, sliding back into whatever dark shadows remained as lanterns were hurriedly lit everywhere about him.


*


Chapter 15

Orthia couldn’t be sure what had disturbed the ram during the night; but, when the sun at last began to rise, she saw to her dismay that he was no longer grazing upon the plush grass of the lawns, where she’d brought him not long after being denied visits to the woods.
Dressing quickly, she ran about the yards, asking anyone if they’d seen him, or heard where he might have been taken to.
It could well be the case, she had to admit, that her father had ordered him to be returned to the safety and surprising comfort of his stables where – being Echion’s most prized and valuable possession – he could only ever be approached with the express authorisation of the appointed carers of the exchequer. 
So be it: if Krios was no longer around to accompany her on strolls through the gardens, then she would take to the woods after all, even if being caught there would surely ensure it would be the last time ever for her.
Without any further hesitation, without even bothering to change into more suitable clothes or shoes, she slipped past the town-gate’s sleepy guards and headed out into the woods.


*


As Orthia made her way along the rough, meandering track winding its own unhurried way through the trees, she expected the woodland creatures – as they used to do, as they’d always done for as long as she could remember – to gleefully gather about her, asking ‘How are you today?’ ‘Do you have news?’ ‘Can we help you?’
They seemed as wary of her as they would of any other unwelcome traveller. 
But then, hadn’t the birds, the rabbits and mice, even the geese of the farm, similarly kept well out of her way whenever she’d taken a walk about the palace?
The only animal who’d remained comfortable in her presence was the ram and he – perhaps, she’d hoped, through some debilitating condition compensating for his otherwise magical qualities – had only ever been able to manage frustratingly delivered bleats.
Their walks had always taken place in a thoughtful near silence.
Was she no longer capable of talking to the animals?
Had she ever, really been capable of talking to them?
Perhaps she’d simply imagined it; a childish fantasy she’d refused to outgrow?
For how stupid was it to believe that anyone could converse with mere creatures?
She stopped, her heart beating fearfully.
Just up ahead, hidden somewhere behind the bushes where the path curved sharply, she could hear a group of men arguing.
‘It was obviously fated to be mine, I tell you!’
‘No, it was clearly ordained that I shall have it!’ 
‘Quite evidently it was predestined for me!’ 
Orthia thought of turning about, or leaving the track, and darting off into the wood’s underbrush.
But she was hardly dressed for walking on the rough path, let alone wading her way through course grasses, sticky ferns, and the most worryingly scratchy brambles.
She’d hardly be able to deny going into the woods if she came back with a torn dress or scuffed shoes.
But turning about…?
Wasn’t that an admittance that she shouldn’t have come here, that she was no longer fit for simply walking, let alone running and rambling, through the wilder parts of Echion?
She walked on, prepared at any moment to – with a swift lifting of her many-layered skirts – turnabout on her overly-high heels and rush back along the path as fast as she could manage.


*


Chapter 16

The group of arguers weren’t men at all, thankfully.
It was, rather, a lion, an eagle, and a serpent.
Arguing over the carcass of what might have been a donkey, or maybe a goat.
‘I should get the largest share,’ insisted the lion vehemently.
‘Nonsense; it isn’t as if you killed it!’ pointed out the eagle.
‘I was the one who first found it!’ the serpent insisted.
A hunter must have killed the animal, Orthia realised, for it had been stripped clean of its hide: although why anyone would want the skin of a donkey or goat, she couldn’t possibly fathom.
‘Ah, here’s someone who can make an unbiased judgment for us,’ the lion observed hopefully as he saw the approaching girl. 
‘Excuse me, young girl,’ the eagle cried out pleasantly, ‘could you help us please?’
‘Could you apportion the shares of this meal fairly?’ the serpent added as Orthia drew up closer to the three and quickly accessed the situation. ‘I may appear smaller and therefore less in need than the others, but I have a family to raise and feed!’ 
‘Ah, then you should have a home, with a flesh larder in every quarter!’ Orthia declared wisely, returning the serpent’s highly satisfied smile.
Orthia turned to the eagle.
‘And you,’ she said authoritatively, ‘you shall take for yourself that which you find most desirable; the seat of pleasures and passion!’
The eagle smiled gratefully,
‘While you,’ Orthia continued, turning to face the lion, ‘you will indeed receive your legally apportioned share of flesh.’


*


Under the directions of the serpent, both the eagle and lion, following Orthia’s instruction, dragged the carcass off towards a shady crevice amongst a large pile of rocks.
Here the lion cleansed it almost completely of its flesh, opening up its innards and liver for the eagle to freely peck at. Soon it was all little more than a ribbed structure, strewn with tasty and juicy remnants the serpent’s family could gleefully feed on for at least a season.
Feeling pleased with her solution, Orthia only lamented that there was no hide to set apart so the smaller creatures might spring into life, as wasps arose from the horse, beetles the ass, and, most wondrously of all, honey-gathering bees from the ox.
‘Ah, it’s strange you mention bees,’ the serpent said brightly, ‘for when I was first aware that I was anybody, I was in fact a bee: and such a happy soul, too, collecting dawn’s honey dew for everyone to enjoy. But daily work prevented me from contemplating the wiser thoughts required to fulfil my aspirations to rise higher in life – and so I became a serpent!’
‘But I, too, was once a serpent,’ the eagle excitedly cut in, ‘only my own aspirations to rise up from the ground led me to shed my skin and become an eagle, soaring up and up towards the sun!’
‘Yes, but drawing as close to the sun as one might wish was impossible, I found,’ the lion chuckled knowingly, ‘for yes, I too was once an eagle: and although my aspirations never dimmed, the recognition that I was too small a fish floundering in an unending sea led me to face up to practicalities and continue to live my life here on earth as king of all I see.’
Reaching in to his shaggy mane, the lion produced an egg, as if seeking to provide proof of his remarkable claim. He handed the egg to Orthia, however, telling her that it was now hers as a thanks for helping solve their dilemma.
‘When you eat it, you will become a double of what I once was!’ he added proudly.
The eagle was the next to grant Orthia a gift, producing from beneath his wings a perfectly oval serpent’s egg.
‘Devouring it will ensure – as if shedding an unwanted skin! – a useful double appears!’
The serpent presented her with a still smaller egg, for it was one laid by a queen bee.
‘When swallowed, a brand-new double of my previous self will appear!’
Three most extraordinary eggs!
Orthia took each one with grateful thanks.
Could these be the answer to her own terrible dilemma?


*


Chapter 17

The gown was brighter yet than any other produced by the king.
It glowed an untarnishable gold.
No plying, spinning or weaving had been necessary in its manufacture.
Only knives, sharp and blunted, along with fleshing tools and a hide scraper, had been required.
‘But…this isn’t a gown of tears!’ Theseus protested as the golden fleece was draped about a reluctant Orthia.
But he was wrong.
Everyone in the court, bar himself and his brother the king, were weeping.
What had the poor creature done to deserve such an ignominious fate?
And what would become of Echion now it’s primary source of income had been sacrificed on a whim of the king’s?
The tears of Antheis, Aegleis and Lytaea fell particularly heavily. 
They wept for their sister, and the terrible act of self-sacrifice she would now be expected to fulfil.
Yet despite all these many tears being spent, the golden fleece was indeed a gown of Orthia’s tears.
They fell amongst the golden strands like brightly glistening pearls, held there as if caught amongst honeyed threads. 
Throughout everything she’d suffered recently, the golden-fleeced Krios had been her saviour, offering comfort and consolation when all contact with the woodland creatures had been denied her.
And now?
Now she was cloaked in a robe carved from his flesh.
Flesh she had helped share out for a reward of three eggs.
Flesh the butcher must have tossed away, for fear its magical qualities might yet have an unwanted effect on anyone who dared devour it.
Orthia’s tears fell fast and furiously.
No one could deny it was a gown made up of her tears.
 

*


Chapter 18

The dance was held before the beauty contest that had been arranged for Orthia’s sisters.
(‘Their glorious gowns,’ Theseus had declared triumphantly, ‘will glow in the darkness of the night, like blazes of an ethereal light!’)
Orthia wasn’t wearing her new gown, however.
As leader of the seven girls taking part in the dance, she was garbed, as custom demanded, in a guise more closely resembling young bears or deers, albeit straddling white hobby horses, the Leukhippes mares.
And as it was already dark, she was wearing a radiant crown of gems shimmering in the light of nearby braziers, just as Ariadne led the way through the pitch-black labyrinth wearing a ring of stars gifted her by the god Dionysos. 
She held, also like Ariadne, a ball of twine, but this, Orthia felt sure, was really Peitho’s own ball of thread, from which Aphrodite’s gown had been made.
The girls took eight steps, then leapt on the ninth, following the circling and spiralling course of the lines of the unicursal labyrinth etched into the turf. Seven boys, the dark horses of Melanippe, wound their way around the maze taking the opposite direction, and sticking solely to the circles of the turf. 
The dancing lines snaked and weaved in and out between each other, though they were all being led, inevitably, towards the labyrinth’s dark centre, where Theseus waited with the blood-red marriage sash used to bind the wrists of the newly betrothed.
And at the dancefloor’s edges, the king, seated with the kings of Echion’s encircling realms, watched impatiently.


*


Even in the darkness, King Thyestes couldn’t fail to notice the magically glowing rings gracing the hands of every other king seated about him.
The ring of water swirled and sparkled, throwing up foam-crested waves, or tumbling as waterfalls that rushed back to their own source. 
The ring of earth made slow, yet startlingly thunderous moves, miniature mountain ranges briefly rising into existence as layers slipped one beneath another over an apparently molten core.
The airy ring was at once insubstantial yet also quite forceful in the way it exuded rumbling pressures equal to that of an oncoming storm, throwing back even the darkness to form an encircling patch of clearest blue sky. 
The fires of the fourth ring perhaps blazed most frighteningly of all, the hellish flames leaping and gleefully crackling as if burning the edges of the night itself.
King Thyestes sensed his impotence in their presence, bitterly recognising that he had nothing comparable to wear as a display of his own powers.
Perhaps, after all, he’d been rash to kill and skin Krios, Echion’s very own miraculous possession.
And yet; the gold of Echion’s fleece was still his to flaunt. 
Indeed, it was, like the rings, now entirely wearable too!
He could order that it should be brought out to him by Orthia’s maids.
He could drape it about his shoulders, wearing it like a cloak made of the sun’s most fearsome fires.
The rings would fade into dull mediocrities when set against its fiercely blazing glow!


*


Chapter 19

Peitho’s ball of thread was now being thrown back and forth between the line of circling girls and Theseus, standing at the floor’s dark centre.
And as she caught it once more, Orthia anxiously realised that Theseus was mischievously throwing the ball for her to catch far more times than would happen quite by chance.
Before she could arrive at a possible reason for this, the world lying beyond the dance floor erupted into a chaotic scramble of what appeared to be tumultuous acrobatics and appalled cries.
A ram (unfortunately not a wondrously risen Krios, but one of perfectly regular flesh) had taken it upon himself to fiercely barge into the crowding watchers, furiously head-butting anyone foolish enough to stand in his way or attempt to restrain him.
In the blink of an eye, the distracted dancers had also lost all sense of order, the lines falling apart in confusion.
With all the speed and strength of a raging bull, Theseus unexpectedly leapt out of his ring towards Orthia, grabbing her and forcibly dragging her back with him into the dark centre.
‘Now we can run away–’  
‘No, no: not with you, Theseu–’ 
With her free hand, she was scrabbling around her waist pouch, where she’d placed the magical eggs. She’d like to soar away, as an eagle, but the egg was too large to devour swiftly…the serpent egg, then.
‘Yes, yes, as Fortune’s thread clearly wills it!’ Theseus snorted as he began to feverishly bind her wrist to his with Peitho’s bridal sash.
Perhaps, Theseus would reason later, it was this arrogant invoking of Peitho’s sister Tyche, Fortune, that led to his undoing.
Whatever the reason, he realised too late that he’d bound himself not to Orthia, but to nothing but the smoothed hide of a deer that had somehow been left in her place.


*


‘Where did that deer get to?’
Bougenes had never been more frustrated; even though, she would freely admit, she’d often grumbled her whole life was one long bout of frustration.
Like being born a girl, for instance, which was the primary reason why her whole life had been fated to be one of nothing but exasperation.
She could only have been the sorest of disappointments for her poor father.
Of what use was a girl as a smith?
A girl bringing to an end a long line of smiths.
Of the most famous smiths.
For her father and her three ancestors before him had created the world’s four most powerful rings.
Rings granting their wearers control over a particular element.
Naturally, she’d taken up her father’s profession, working hard and long under his expert tuition.
She could draw the metal from their hiding places within the stones.
She could work the materials, both hard and cold, twisting them against their fierce will into the shapes she desired of them.
She could ignore the ferocious heat of the furnace, shaking the stinging sweat from her eyes like one swatting away irritating wasps.
She could hammer at the anvil all day long, her ungainly, bulging muscles the envy of any normal man, if not of a woman.
But, although he’d never said it in all the time he’d stayed with her, she’d frequently caught in her father’s face – in the pained glint of his one remaining eye – the very same frustration she experienced daily.
How would she ever be capable of taking on the great serpent NOmrAH and eliciting the secret of the making of the fifth ring?
NOmrAH, quite naturally unwilling to sacrifice his every head, had quite obviously fooled Kadmilos all that time ago when they’d sealed their deal in the serpent’s own blood.
For one of the new souls promised Kadmilos had clearly been predestined to be a daughter.
Still, she worked laboriously every day, not only at making iron malleable to her own aspirations, but also at arriving at a possible means of creating the long-awaited fifth ring.
And that’s why she was here now, tangled up in all manner of entwining branches.
She’d come seeking a tree stump she could use in place of an anvil.
And not because it was a sure-fire way of ensuring an unmarked surface, or granting worked metal a smooth curve.
She sought a stump to replace her old wooden anvil; for she’d spotted as she’d worked metal upon it that there were rings in the wood – rings of time.
But how was she to extract such a ring?
Could she manage it herself, without the help of NOmrAH?
Some woods were supple.
Some hard.
The woods of the woodland might provide answers for her.
Eventually, she chose the most magnificent tree of all.
It had sprouted from a seed no bigger than a tooth so long, long ago that its great, pitch-black trunk now soared so high its top appeared to graze the passing of the heavens far above. 
On an evening, in the glow of a lamp, its uppermost part would doubtlessly vanish into the darkness circling high above, such that it could have been the trunk of the night sky, connecting it like a spine to the solidity of the earth.
The saw Bougenes used to bring it tumbling down should have been wielded by two men, but she managed, as she knew she would, knew she must.
The hurried, fearful cacophony of her sawing and felling had disturbed every creature around, sending startled deer running off through the bushes, or hiding deep amongst the undergrowth. 
One had hidden remarkably close by, stilling its breathing in the hope it wouldn’t be discovered.
Yet now, as the terrifying, harshly grating noises had reached a crescendo, the poor creature’s increasing fear had got the better of her; and the doe had broken cover, leaping up, and almost knocking a shocked Bougenes aside as she reached the very last draws of the massive saw.
‘No, not that way!’ Bougenes cried anxiously, concerned that the poor creature was heading off into the very part of the woods where the towering tree would most likely fall. 
But it was too late; there was no way she had time to prevent the deer from running off.
It disappeared into the maze of veiling trees, impossible to see no matter how hard Bougenes tried to seek it out.
Worse still, the unexpected appearance of the deer distracted Bougenes at the most dangerous, most fateful moment of all; for the great tree could longer hold itself in place with so much of its wide-spreading foundation removed by the ferocious sawing. 
The tree moved, swayed, lurched: and in an instant, came crashing down. It plummeted down through the interwoven branches of so many other soaring trees, innumerable stems snapping, cracking, dislodging, the equivalent of small trees in their own right dropping away, the instantaneous felling of what could have been a heavenly copse.
As the massive trunk at last struck the earth, with a thunderous shattering of anything in its path, the smaller trees fell down everywhere about it, wreaking their own considerable damage and destruction.
And one such tree, as if seeking to avenge the felling of its mother, crashed directly down towards a completely unsuspecting Bougenes.
Bougenes’ eyes weren’t on the tree rushing down towards her.
They were still vainly trying to spot a deer who’d long since vanished.


*


Chapter 20

There had been a flash, or was it a flurry, of bright, white light – or, maybe, the feathers of Peitho’s dove.
Whatever it could have been, Orthia was flying up through an otherwise impenetrable darkness. The ball of thread she held rapidly unraveled before her, briefly spinning off into multiple alternative directions, labyrinthine interlacing branches that immediately withered – for she was being drawn along one sole track.
Suddenly, it was daylight, and she was back in the centre of the dancing floor, now empty and silent.
No, not the dancing floor; these were the rings of a freshly cut tree stump.
And to one side, there was a man – no, it was girl! – a girl dazed and completely entrapped with the entwining branches of what seemed to be a small, felled tree.


*


In the corner of an eye, as she at last awoke from a dazed sleep, Bougenes caught what she thought was a flash of light, or the fluttering of feathers, as a white dove appeared to land upon a freshly sawn stump.
Now, as she turned to look, she saw it was the young deer she’d watched trying to run away.
No, it was a young girl – a girl bizarrely dressed as a deer.
Was this girl crazy?
Was she looking to be hunted and killed by mistake?
What did it matter?
What really mattered was – where was she?
She was trapped in a complex maze of endlessly branching stems!
Ah yes – of course!
Now she remembered.
She was the one who’d felled the great tree.
Only for a great part of that very same tree to come crashing down upon her, knocking her entirely unconscious for a while!
At least, this weirdly garbed girl, whoever she might be, should be able to help her escape this aggravatingly ensnaring bush! 
‘I wonder if you could hand me my saw, or that heavy knife?’ Bougenes asked the young girl, nodding as well as she were able towards the tools she’d neatly laid by the trunk’s base.
Orthia glanced down towards the saws, axes and other implements Bougenes had brought with her to the woods.
‘Why yes, of course!’ Orthia agreed, jumping down from the stump to land by the assembled tools. ‘Although, could you help me too,’ she continued as she approached the trapped Bougenes, handing her the requested saw and large knife, ‘and please tell me where I am?’
‘Where you are? Why, the woods, of course!’ Bougenes replied curiously, wondering if the girl might be a little touched. ‘Wait – where did you get that necklace?’
As Orthia reached out to hand Bougenes the saw, her animal hide-like gown pulled away slightly from her neck, briefly revealing a sparkling glimpse of the encoiling serpent.
For the first time in her life, Bougenes’ heart leapt.
It had to be a sign.
Why else would this strange girl seem to suddenly appear from nowhere?


*


Chapter 21

‘Why do you ask?’ 
Orthia nervously raised a hand to her necklace.
‘Because, well – if you must know, it could have been mine!’
As Orthia watched the entrapped girl skilfully hack away at the entwinning branches without a care of scratches, she couldn’t help but wonder what effect the necklace might have had upon someone so muscularly built, someone so well adapted to a life in the woods.
If her mother the queen hadn’t forced Orthia to wear the necklace, she could well have ended up looking like this herself.
‘You can have it if you want!’ Orthia offered. ‘I never wanted it!’
‘Well, that’s probably quite wise,’ the girl declared as she effortlessly broke free of the last of the entrapping stems. ‘You do realise it’s cursed?’
Orthia abruptly withdrew her hand from the coiled serpent as if bitten by it.
‘That does make an awful lot of sense…’ she murmured thoughtfully, recalling everything that had happened to their realm recently.
‘My ancestor Hephaistos created it as a marriage gift for Harmonia, a daughter of his wife – and his wife’s lover…’
‘Oh, I’m…I’m sorry about that…’ Orthia said unsurely, uncertain how to respond to such a bluntly delivered claim.
‘Oh, it’s nothing to get all precious about,’ the now closely looming girl assured her, ‘seeing as how the bridegroom Kadmilos had come about through Hephaistos’ own dalliances…’
‘Kadmilos? The Kadmilos? Creator of the magical ring of water?’
Free of the entwining branches, and standing up resolutely straight, the heavily built girl gave the impression of towering over Orthia, even though they appeared in all other ways to be of a quite similar height.
‘You’ve heard of him then?’ she said, though it wasn’t easy to tell if she was impressed by Orthia’s knowledge or simply proud to be a descendent of someone so well-known and revered.
Orthia nodded.
‘My mother spent the last years of her life seeking a fifth ring…’ she explained sadly.
‘A fifth ring?’ 
The girl’s chuckle was a deep rumbling.
‘I can assure you,’ she continued, ‘there’s no such ring!’
‘Yes, I’d heard the fifth smith is a daughter who–’ 
Orthia stopped.
Of course!
‘That would be you, wouldn’t it?’ she said.
Bougenes replied with an impressed smirk. 
‘You are well informed, aren’t you?’ 


*


As they walked through the woods, Orthia noticed that the otherwise incredibly powerful Bougenes was limping.
‘It sort of goes with the job,’ Bougenes said without being asked, having observed Orthia’s awkward, fleeting glances. ‘Something we’re breathing in, in the fumes of the fire, I suppose.’
‘Then…it won’t count against you…when you’re fighting the serpent, I mean?’
‘It didn’t count against my father, or my father before him,’ Bougenes replied assuredly. 
Orthia’s heart was beating wildly.
If she could return to Echion with the fifth ring – even if it were only briefly borrowed, even if Bougenes insisted on keeping an eye on it by accompanying her – why, their problems would be over.
This horrendously immoral marriage would at last be deemed unnecessary and be immediately cancelled.
‘I could help,’ she said hopefully to Bougenes.
‘You?’
Bougenes looked her up and down scornfully.
Reaching into the pouch strapped to her waist belt, Orthia produced the two wildly differing eggs, holding them out for Bougenes to see in her opened, flattened palms.
‘Eggs?’ Bougenes said, her expression more disdainful than ever.
‘Magical eggs!’
Even though Orthia thought it should be impossible, Bougenes looked at her even more scornfully.
‘One, the largest, transforms you into an eagle!’ Orthia babbled hurriedly, hoping to regain Bougenes’ respect. ‘The other creates a double of yourself – oh, no, wait – I’ve eaten that one! And the third – sorry, second one! – well, a bee comes to your aid.’
‘A bee?’ 
Once again, Bougenes replied with that derisive tone Orthia had already become accustomed to. This time, though, Bougenes wasn’t disdainfully looking her up and down but, rather, was searching the nearby woods, as if seeking out a fearful beast that might be ready to attack them.
‘There’s two of you?’ she said worriedly.
‘Two of m– oh, the egg. The serpent egg, you mean?’
‘If that’s what it was, a serpent egg, then what I mean is – did it work?’
‘Well, er…’
Now that Orthia came to think of it…it hadn’t worked, had it?
Not that she knew of, least ways.
Bougenes’ gaze upon her had reached new levels of scornfulness.
‘It didn’t work, did it?’
‘Well, you see…there might be a double of me somewhere! You see, I don’t know how I got here: wherever here is!’
‘You don’t need any serpent egg to get here.’
‘Then do you know how I might get back? To Echion, I mean?’ 
Even as she asked this question, it dawned on Orthia that the way home might not be so easy, as she’d have to pass through at least one of the surrounding, belligerent kingdoms. 
‘Never heard of it,’ Bougenes grumbled.
‘You might have heard of it as the “Dragon’s Tooth”?’ Orthia explained hopefully. ‘An immense, white mountain that can be seen for miles around!’
Bougenes shook her head.
‘Nothing like that anywhere around here, I’m afraid.’
‘Ohh…’ Orthia sighed, hanging her head in puzzlement as much as sadness.
Wherever could she be?
Would she ever see Antheis, Aegleis, or Lytaea again?
‘Maybe you’d better come with me,’ Bougenes offered in a more conciliatory tone, noting Orthia’s distress.
‘You might be able to help me?’ Orthia asked brightly.
Bougenes shook her head once more.
‘No,’ she admitted bluntly, adding more thoughtfully, ‘but I’m headed off now to meet someone who knows most things…’ 
Orthia caught the worry abruptly etched into Bougenes’ face.
‘The serpent? You’re going to face the serpent?’
This time, Bougenes gave a miserable nod of her head.
‘Maybe, you know,’ she said unsurely, ‘we can put our heads together and simply persuade him to tell us what we want to know…’ 


*


Chapter 22

Orthia hoped indeed that the persuasive Peitho herself would dance on Bougenes’ tongue when they finally met up with the serpent: for the smith had left her tools behind, bringing with her only her empty water jug.
Of course, she’d heard in the tales she’d been told that Peitho was expected to create a veiling mist to hide the attacking smith – yet she’d assumed, naturally, that the storytellers were simply missing out details of armour, swords, arrows and spears, if only to add to the thrills whenever the stories were retold.
‘If, er, persuasion doesn’t work…’ she at last asked Bougenes nervously, recognising that the smith’s unquestioning belief that the serpent would be capable or even willing to talk could well turn out to wishful thinking, ‘did your ancestors leave you with any ideas on how you’re supposed to defeat the serpent?’
Naturally, Orthia herself had once been capable of talking to animals: but since she’d been forced to wear the necklace, creatures of every kind avoided her much as they avoided any other humans, while the eagle, lion and serpent had quite obviously been beings of a higher order gifted skills beyond those of any normal animal. 
Bougenes slightly raised the jug she held.
‘I’ve to take waters from a nearby spring,’ she explained. ‘Only before that, I’ve got to remember to pick up a large stone…’
‘A stone?’
Orthia recognised that she was using the very same scornful tone Bougenes had adopted when she’d sneered ‘Bee?’
‘My father said it was important…’
Bougenes didn’t sound as confident as Orthia might have hoped.
‘It’s not just a weapon, he told me; it’s a part of the process in forming the ring…’
‘A stone?’
Bougenes sighed resignedly.
‘Do you think that eagle egg really is magic?’ she asked hopefully. 


*


‘There are tales of other serpents being fought and defeated,’ Orthia anxiously exclaimed as they entered an ancient forest that had obviously never, ever been defiled by axe or saw.
Bougenes laughed bitterly.
‘I don’t have books,’ she confessed, ‘but I’ve herd of Pytho, "the Rotting One", born of the slime left behind by the deluge.’
Orthia gasped in horror.
‘Bougenes! You mustn’t talk of Peitho in such a way!’
Bougenes chuckled again, but this time with more humour.
‘Their names sound the same: and it was Peitho herself who alleviated the plague brought about by Apollo’s killing of Pytho, where the Delphic Bee now offers her oracles.’ 
‘Does it say how the serpent was killed.’ 
‘Do they ever?’ Bougenes sighed. ‘But we are told that Telphousia – through whom Harmonia’s father spawned the serpent I’ll be facing – persuaded Apollo to leave her own nearby spring alone.’
‘It seems that, like me, you put a great deal of faith in Peitho’s actions…’
‘Well, would I even be here today if she hadn’t spread her veiling bridal mist to bring Kadmilos and Harmonia together, against – for reasons already explained – the express wishes of their respective parents…?’
As she spoke, she fleetingly glanced towards the Necklace of Harmony gracing Orthia’s neck, noting the eagle caught in the firm grip of the mouths of the two-headed serpent.
‘You know, I don’t think I’ll be needing that eagle egg of yours after all…’


*


Chapter 23

The Grove of Martius (or, as some would have it, of Hannahanna), where Bougenes claimed the serpent would be found, was a pleasant enough place.
At its heart, where large rocks comfortably nestled against a grassy knoll, a wealth of glistening water gushed out from between cracks in the earth.
But there wasn’t a single spring, as Bougenes and Orthia had been led to expect.
There were three of them.
By one spring, a small fire blazed. By another, there stood a bowl.
And by the third, there rose a splendid tree.
A large quiver of arrows hung from a high stem of this tree.
And, just below, supported from another branch, there was a massive animal hide, glistening as if made of a lustrous, living gold.


*


Bougenes breathed a sigh of relief.
Was this, the quiver of arrows, part of the secret of defeating the serpent when it finally appeared?
It might even be a gift of Peitho, for she sometimes carried the arrows of her brother Eros, as she’d nursed and cared for him.
What could be more persuasive than the arrows of love?
They could tame and mollify even the most ferocious of beasts.
Yet as she and Orthia drew every closer to the springs and the rigidly rising tree, her heart began to sink once more.
It wasn’t a quiver but an exceptional large bull’s horn, spilling out golden sheaves of corn.
As for the sun-like fleece lying just beneath it, this also sported a large bull’s horn, as if the first had been ripped free of it.
And it wasn’t made of gold after all, but glistening instead with the fluid glow of honey.
For bees had made it their home, covering it with their regularly patterned honeycomb.
It buzzed excitedly now, then, as if the sacrificed bull had been granted a whole new form of life.
Worse still, another hanging carcass had come into view, gorgon-like with a hideous, withered and apparently human head. 
And the closer Bougenes drew towards this face, the more she thought she recognised its features.
It had one eye.
Just like her father Nerik.
Yet surely this couldn’t be him?
He’d defeated the dragon.
Raised her, taught her the skills of a smith.
Yes, he’d left eventually, supposedly explaining in the bluntest of words that he had no choice: it was ‘all part of the vows he’d made’.
Had he returned here?
And, this time, had he failed and died?


*


Chapter 24

‘Where’s the serpent?’
Orthia glanced anxiously everywhere about the grove, as if expecting the beast to suddenly erupt by magic from the air itself, somewhere close by and already rushing into the attack.
Like her, Bougenes appeared mystified that the serpent was nowhere to be seen. Even so, placing her water jug upon the floor, she took off her animal hide cloak and wrapped it around an arm, in readiness to use as a shield. 
‘Did your father explain how you must call up the beast?’ Orthia asked.
Bougenes shook her head, her face still creased in bemusement.
‘The stone,’ she said after a moment’s thought, ‘perhaps choosing the stone as my weapon somehow sets everything in motion…’
She looked about her now with an eye to picking out a formidably sized stone. Lithely moving amongst the rocks, she turned the smaller boulders over every now and again, contemplating how they might fit smoothly and comfortably within her hands.
Of course, Orthia had heard in the tales that the smith must be armed with a stone; yet she was surprised when Bougenes eventually picked out a stone that would be far too heavy and cumbersome for even her to throw with any useful force.
The stone was so large that, once Bougenes had picked up the water jug, she could only support it by hugging it close to her body. 
Noting Orthia’s puzzled frown, Bougenes explained that, although her father had given her scant instructions, he’d insisted that the stone chosen for the battle must be a considerably sized one.
Despite Bougenes careful choice of stone, there was still no sign that the serpent was ready to appear.
‘Maybe the bees would know…’ Orthia observed thoughtfully.
‘And you can talk to bees can you?’ Bougenes asked sceptically. 
‘Well, you were expecting to talk to the serpent, weren’t you?’ Orthia pointed out with a satisfied smirk as she cautiously approached the humming hive.
‘It’s no normal serpent, though!’ Bougenes retorted. ‘And besides, I’m expecting Peitho to be on hand to help me…’
Orthia was already entirely riddled with doubts that she still retained the ability to talk with animals.
Now as the bees began to swarm more aggressively and noisily towards her, those doubts rapidly grew deep down within her, swiftly rising to the surface, her flesh itching nervously as if already stung a thousand times.
The bees weren’t ready to talk, even if she were somehow still capable of conversing with them.
She’d hoped, of course, that the bees residing in this magical grove might have abilities outside those of regular woodland creatures.
Bees, she’d been reliably informed, were the tears – or was it the breaths? – of the highest gods, new souls who appeared as if from nowhere. 
If the three higher creatures she’d met earlier could amiably discuss relevant matters with her, then surely–
The serpent’s gift.
The bee’s egg.
‘When swallowed, a brand-new double of my previous self will appear!’
That bee, for sure, would be a magical creature, yes?
She hurriedly felt around inside her waist pouch, searching out the incredibly small egg. Taking it out before she had too long to consider what she was doing, to change her mind – she swallowed it without a further thought.


*


Bougenes observed Orthia dubiously. Her eyebrows wryly arched, like she wasn’t really expecting much to happen, and she thought her companion must be a bit of a fool to believe it might.
Orthia didn’t feel any different, she had to admit.
Well, it was the gift of a serpent…
Then she sensed a gentle stirring in her stomach: a surging, as if she’d eaten something that disagreed with her.
Which, of course, wasn’t too far from the truth…
She pursed her lips, wondering if she’d done the right thing, if she’d been all together foolish…
Then she burped.
And a bee flew directly out of her mouth.


*


Chapter 25

Without further direction, the bee made its way over towards the hundreds swarming about the bulls-hide hive.
Its presence set off ripples in their movement, rapidly circulating outwards, as all the others reacted as one to whatever the new arrival had bought into their midst.
The outer ring of bees continued spreading out, heading off with surprising urgency across the land. 
Then with similar urgency, the bee – for surely it was the very same bee? – turned about and rushed back towards the waiting Orthia and Bougenes.
‘What did she say to them?’ Bougenes asked, puzzled. ‘She’s certainly set them off–’ 
She gulped in surprise.
And dropped the heavy stone.
The bee had flown straight past her lips and down into her throat.


*


‘Quick, quick, Bougenes: spit her out!’
Orthia was aghast. 
‘We need to know what the bees said to her!’
Bougenes couldn’t reply.
She couldn’t speak at all.
She looked shocked, even as if she might be gagging, and close to panicking that she couldn’t even breathe properly.
Her cheeks were puce and swollen.
Bent almost double, she held a hand across her stomach, as if somehow hoping she could stop the bee from dropping down any deeper inside her. 
‘Don’t swallow her!’ Orthia ordered. ‘We’ll never get her back!’
‘I trying not to swallow her!’ Bougenes managed to irately insist at last.
‘She came out of my mouth easily enough!’
‘She hadn’t flown into yours though!’ Bougenes gasped as she desperately attempted to cough the bee up. ‘I think she’s stuck; or it’s too late – she’s gone down too far for me to do anything about it!’
‘You’ve eaten her?’ Orthia exclaimed in dismay.
‘I haven’t eaten her!’ an appalled Bougenes protested. ‘She flew into my mouth!’
‘Then if you haven’t eaten her, where is she?’ Orthia sceptically demanded.
‘She’s…she’s…well, she’s probably gone now, that’s for sure,’ Bougenes admitted as she stood up straight once more, a fleeting expression of relief crossing her face. ‘But I didn’t exactly eat her!’
‘So, now what do we do?’ Orthia asked with an exasperated throwing up of her hands. ‘We’re still none the wiser as to how we should call the serpent up!’
As Bougenes bent down to pick up the stone she’d dropped, she realised it would be an easier task if she weren’t still holding the water jug.
The empty water jug.
‘The springs,’ she said brightly, glancing expectantly over towards the bubbling waters. ‘I have to fill the jug with water!’


*


Chapter 26

She chose the spring close by the tree.
Kneeling down beside it, Bougenes dipped the jar beneath the sparkling surface, tipping and stirring it a little, to ensure any trapped air bubbled free. 
As the jug began to rapidly fill, she called out, cajoling the serpent to show herself.
‘I’m prepared to be a feast for you: come, eat and drink!’
As the water was stirred, a damp arose, swiftly condensing into a fog.
It started to rain heavily across the whole grove, a fall veiling in its intensity.
It churned up the earth too, the ground beneath Bougenes and Orthia almost instantaneously transformed into a muddy fluidity.
As Bougenes cautiously rose to her feet, picking up the stone, fearfully holding it close to her chest, the ground began to shift, to move, to undulate, just as a pool of water sends out repeating waves when something disturbs it at its centre.
Bougenes and Orthia stumbled, struggled to stay upright, the floor no longer solid and still, but rolling underneath their feet as if granted life.
At the centre of the disturbance, it even appeared to briefly breathe, exhaling a burst of darkest soil – and then, abruptly, the great trunk of the serpent erupted from the ground, soaring up and up with a deep growling through the shrouding rain.


*


Chapter 27

Bougenes and Orthia exasperatedly peered up into the obscuring sheets of rain, trying in vain to see the serpent in more detail.
‘So much for Peitho’s cloaking veil!’ Bougenes spat in frustration.
Would the rising of the serpent ever stop?
It seemed endless, ascending with a roaring speed neither Bougenes nor Orthia had ever witnessed before.
And then, at last, there was a sign of an abrupt if incredibly slight twist in the previously rigidly straight trunk, a movement that otherwise had no effect on its unending ascension.
From directly above them there now came a sound of cascading waters, the pounding rush of a great waterfall.
They craned their necks back…
The serpent’s massive head was hurling down towards them.
It was the head of gigantic lion, the mane briefly glistening within the concealing mist as if a great fireball were plummeting towards them.
It brushed hard past Orthia, sending her bowling across the ground, dazed and close to falling unconscious.
Just before she lost all sense, she saw the vast maw of the lion swallow up Bougenes whole with a surprising ease.


*


Chapter 28

Orthia came around as if awaking from a deep and disturbed sleep, still partially dazed.
It took her a moment to recall everything that had had happened to her and– 
Bougenes!
Orthia sat up abruptly, quickly taking in a grove that once more appeared wholly benign, bar the carcasses hanging within the tree.
The mist had vanished.
And so, too, had one of the springs.
There was nothing there now but a vast crater, created by the serpent as it had sprung up from deep within the earth.
There was no sign of Bougenes.
Because, of course, Bougenes had been swallowed whole by the great beast.
As easily as Bougenes had swallowed the bee.
Although she was still a little unsteady on her feet, Orthia made her way as quickly as she could towards the gaping hole where the spring had been only moments before.
The serpent must have slithered back into the ground!
What chance have I of rescuing Bougenes now?
I should count myself lucky it didn’t stay around to devour me too!
She vainly tried to bring her run of worrisome thoughts to an abrupt halt.
She ungainly slid across the earth, the momentum taking her far closer to the void’s edge than she would have wished.
She cursed herself for being so stupid. 
Naturally, a serpent so monstrous would always be hungry!
The lion-headed serpent was greedily glaring back at her with one, enormous eye from the midst of the huge crater.


*


The serpent could so easily strike out across the ground, snapping her up in a moment, ingesting her whole just as it had poor Bougenes.
Instead, it stayed, unmoving, within the fissure of its own creation.
In fact, it didn’t move at all.
There was no slavering along its lips. 
There was no blink of an eye.
No steady undulating of the flesh, as it languidly breathed in, out, in.
Orthia rose to her feet, anxiously stepping a little closer, peering over the crater’s rim.
The serpent was dead, losing an eye at some stage during what must have been a terrible fight.
It lay, she saw now, in a glutinously thick pool of dried blood.
There was little of what had apparently been an endless trunk left, for the head had been severed, and brutally and messily so too.
But how…?
Orthia once again urgently glanced everywhere about her.
If Bougenes had survived, where on earth was she?
But, of course…the serpent may be dead, yet that didn’t necessarily mean that Bougenes must still be alive.
Orthia warily peered back into the crater, with its base of congealing blood.
Alongside the severed head, unnoticed by Orthia before, something floated in the dark red pool…


*


Chapter 29

Slithering urgently down the pit’s sides, Orthia slipped into the cloying blood without a care for herself, the rippling waves thrown out before her causing Bougenes’ floating body to bob, roll and sway.
Otherwise, Bougenes remained completely still.
Worse still, she was lying face down.
Hurriedly wading over towards the apparently lifeless body, Orthia reached out to grab a firm hold. But she found to her horror that her hands refused to form a grip, her fingers coming away covered in a slimy mucus.
Bougenes had been swallowed: this must be the slime of the beast’s innards, the slippery juices of her throat and stomach.
It was only after she’d torn some of the glutinous film clear that Orthia at last managed to claim a loose grasp that allowed her to begin to drag Bougenes back towards the pool’s edge.
The broken soil of the crater’s rim frustratingly gave way endlessly beneath her as Orthia struggled to pull Bougenes clear of the blood, to turn her over and begin to fearfully rip away the film covering her face like the membrane enveloping a new-born foal.
Could the sheen of viscous saliva – she hoped, she prayed – could it have unintentionally saved Bougenes’ life, acting like a caul, preventing her from breathing in and drowning in the pooling blood?
She sensed, she felt, Bougenes’ first signs of a first, gasping breath.
She was alive after all!


*


Bougenes hadn’t come away wholly unscathed from her battle with the beast.
At some point she’d lost an eye, the socket obviously as flat as an empty purse and badly scarred, the lid held firmly shut by caked blood.
Orthia would have liked to clean the injury, but the ground about them, she realised in astonishment, was surprisingly dry, despite the recent thunderously heavy rainfall.
The waters flowing from the remaining springs were enticingly clear, but Orthia thought it best to leave them undisturbed.
Would stirring the waters call up another serpent?
She’d been told, after all, that the beast also had the head of an eagle, as well as that of a serpent.
Obviously, the tellers of these tales had become confused at some point, for it seemed there must be more than one beast.
They might not survive another attack.
But what of the questions they’d hoped to ask the serpent?
This serpent was dead, and had died without revealing the secret of the forging of the fifth ring.
Or informing Orthia how to return home.
So they’d failed after all.
But at least, they were both still alive.


*


Chapter 30

 ‘It felt like I was suddenly cloaked in this solid darkness in which I couldn’t even see my own hand; yet it also weirdly felt like I was flying, being drawn along this thick thread of endless coils…’
Bougenes had recovered enough now to stand on the rim of the crater, looking down on the bloodied remains of the beast she’d somehow vanquished.
Yet she was still dazed, with no recollection of how she’d managed to emerge victorious. 
More surprisingly still, she wept, if only from her one remaining eye, as if it was her heart and her reason she’d lost; shedding tears for a foe who would have readily devoured her without a moment’s consideration.
Through her one good eye, she glimpsed a large, blood-drenched stone lying to one side of the crimson-toned pool.
‘The stone,’ she said blankly, ‘the serpent couldn’t deal with it: the stone tore it apart from within…’
She hadn’t even defeated the beast fairly she realised.
It had been vanquished through nothing more than a trick.
A trick all her ancestors must have also played upon each serpent they’d faced.
Yet…each of them had come away from the battle with the means of forging a ring…
Whereas she had nothing to show for her own encounter.
She should have been weeping then, perhaps, for herself, for she was a disappointment, a failure… 
Even so, she couldn’t help feeling sorrow for this motionless bulk of the fallen beast.
Was it possible for an empty eye socket to shed tears?
It seemed so, for the dried blood caking her lid shut was slowly dissolving, washing away…
And as the lid snapped open, it revealed that the socket wasn’t empty after all.
For it contained a ring.
A ring formed from the ripples of time.


*


Chapter 31

Orthia eyed the remarkable ring lying in Bougenes’ palm with awe and longing.
The fifth ring!
Her mother the queen had sought it, only partially aware that she was seeking the unattainable.
For while Orthia’s mother had lived, there’d been no such ring to find.
It could save Echion!
It could save her from having to go through with an unthinkable marriage!
‘It’s yours,’ Bougenes said suddenly, holding the ring out for Orthia to take.
‘Mine?’ Orthia was astonished by Bougenes’ remarkable generosity. ‘But it’s your creation! You took on the serpent!’
‘Then I’ve played my role. But to be recognised for my achievement, you have to play yours, Orthia: you must make the ring famous!’
Yet as she said this, Bougenes abruptly frowned worriedly.
‘What’s wrong?’ Orthia asked uneasily, noting her friend’s sudden show of anxiety and now thankful that she’d refused to accept the ring.
‘My son…’ Bougenes replied distractedly.
‘But…you don’t have a son…do you?’
‘And will I ever?’ Bougenes morosely declared. ‘I was hardly the prettiest picture before…but now, with one eye…?’
Orthia would have liked to offer some words of reassurance, of encouragement: but she had to admit Bougenes would doubtlessly have a hard time finding someone willing to marry her.
‘The necklace!’ Orthia exclaimed brightly, reaching up to try once more to unclasp the serpent coiling about her neck. ‘If we can get it off, if you take it–’ 
She gasped in surprise and relief as the serpent-headed clasp sprung free.
Yet she had fruitlessly tried so many other times…
Of course!
Just as with her mother, the necklace released you from its hold provided you were willing to give up its enchanting effects for someone else’s benefit.
Bougenes chuckled gratefully: yet with a raised hand, refused Orthia’s generous offer.
‘And if I were beautiful, how would I work successfully at my smithying? How could I train any son to take over his own appointed role? When Peitho’s pitcher is cast, her veiling mist is a boon to someone such as myself!’
Before Orthia could more fully remove the enchaining necklace, the clasp bit home again, locking the coils fast about her neck once more.
Bougenes was still proffering the ring to her.
It glittered wonderfully, as if carved from the very freshest of wood, the raw, white flesh of a sapling.
Such a simple looking ring.
It lacked the ever-surging waves of the ring of water.
It wasn’t formed, either, of a restlessly moving earth.
Nor did it possess an insubstantial airiness, or the hellish glow of a ring of fire. 
Indeed, this ring looked much like the kind that any skilled child might be capable of creating, the fleshy wood so soft it was almost malleable.
Orthia peered more closely at the ring, hoping to see something about it that might hint at the remarkable powers stored within.
‘What does it do? How does it work?’ she had to resignedly ask, seeing no sign of anything granting a clue to its capabilities.
Bougenes shrugged.
‘I saw the rings within a tree, realised they were linked with time…The passing of the seasons, of each earthly year…’
Yes, yes: Orthia could see now that the ring was formed of ring after enclosed ring, so tiny and thin as to be wholly invisible if you weren’t thinking to look for them.
‘You will have to wear it, I think, Orthia,’ Bougenes observed, ‘to find out what powers it grants you.’
At last, Orthia reached out and took the ring between her fingers, twirling it in the air a moment, considering still the options open to her.
To slip it onto a finger…
Or to hand it back to Bougenes, refusing to accept the risks of trying out this new, magical ring.
She extended a finger.
Slipped the ring down onto it…
And Bougenes abruptly vanished.


*


Chapter 32

Yet again, Orthia found herself looking everywhere about this strange grove, seeking out her missing friend.
The grove had changed.
The edges of the huge pit had begun collapsing inwards, partially filling in the crater and already blocking off the flow of any waters. Soon, anyone arriving here would be hard pressed to believe that there’d ever been more than two springs here.
The tree was now entirely leafless, even though Orthia had previously assumed it was an evergreen.
Not that the leaves had fallen about its roots. 
Like Bougenes, they had vanished entirely, it seemed.
Amongst its maze of branches, a new animal hide had appeared, hanging from a high stem.
It was that of the lion-headed serpent, its mane bedraggled, dangling like so many dead snakes, its sole eye gummy and soulless. 
The branch supporting it sagged under the extra weight, threatening to break at any moment, it seemed to Orthia. 
The thinner stalks sprouting from the sturdier stems were twisted, blackened – budless. 
The tree was more than leafless.
It was lifeless.


*


The pool of blood lying in the base of the pit had either soaked or dried all away, blackening the surrounding soil. 
Its dispersal had also revealed what remained of the serpent’s decapitated torso, a surprisingly short length considering the soaring bulk that had loomed up before them earlier. It was as if it had unsuccessfully tried to recede back into its dark warrens as it died.
It was already rotting, the stench turning Orthia’s stomach.
She nervously slipped off the wooden ring.
She slipped it into the pouch at her waist.
She wasn’t sure what the ring had accomplished, or set in motion, but it certainly didn’t appear in any way beneficial to her.
As she placed the ring in her pouch, she felt, slipping beneath her fingers, the last remaining egg.
The eagle’s egg.
She could soar out of here as an eagle.
Why didn’t she think of this before?
She could easily spot the high-reaching Echion once she was airborne.
Not that she could return home just yet – even though she had the fifth ring, the ring that would equalise Echion’s powers with those of the surrounding realms.
She had a friend to find.
She had to seek out Bougenes before she embraced any thoughts of returning home.


*


Chapter 33

Orthia had had the good sense to sling the pouch’s waist-belt about her neck.
The necklace remained there regardless of her transformation.
She soared higher and higher, relishing the incredible power she felt in the way her wings pounded at the air, bringing the sky itself under her control, making it malleable to her wishes.
She rose effortlessly above the dark forests stretching out across the landscape like a brackish water that had enveloped the earth.
She headed up towards the sun, blazing like an endless fire.
Yet there was no sign of Echion.
No matter how high she flew, no more matter in which direction she looked: she could see nothing resembling the spiralling white peaks of home.
Impossible!
Where on earth could she be?
The sun looked out across everything, didn’t it?
And she was so close now to its fiery breath that her feathers of gold blazed as if ready to burst into flames, burning her in an instant into nothing but a cinder that would flutter, chastened, back to earth.
Halting her effortless rising, she spun about in a flurry of protesting wings, swooped back down, aiming to rush back across the treetops towards Bougenes’ smithy.
There!
Someone had spotted her, was waving to her from amongst the trees, as if recognising her for whom she really was.
Only it wasn’t Bougenes.
It was a half-naked shepherd, carrying a ram upon his shoulders.


*


As soon as Orthia’s feet touched the ground, she became in an instant herself once more.
Entirely naked, bar the waist belt and necklace. 
For what remained of her outer garments had been left behind once she’d undergone her transformation.
Having placed the ram upon the floor, the shepherd graciously threw his own traveller’s cloak about her, declaring as he did so that his wife Peitho had persuaded him to intervene: and then, with a tip of his cap, he vanished as completely as Bougenes had.


*


Chapter 34

The shepherd had left his ram with Orthia.
It bleated nosily, as if it were every bit as dismayed as she was that they’d been abandoned.
What kind of help was this?
If she hadn’t been called down from the air, if she’d been allowed to remain a while longer in her transformed state as an eagle, she would at least have been able to find Bougenes with relative ease.
Now she’d have to find her way through the dark forest, while keeping to the maze-like tracks.
Glancing quickly about her, she saw five paths leading away from this small clearing alone, each marked by a boundary stone carved with symbols that remained meaningless to her.
Worse still, she had a fearfully complaining ram that was sure to bring down upon them every wolf for miles around.
What chance did she have now of seeking out Bougenes?
Her situation was entirely hopeless!
The ram, at least, had at last stilled its pathetic bleating.
It turned about, then headed down one of the nearby trails.
Orthia, unsure what else to do, followed.
She trusted that this had been Peitho’s intention all along. 


*


The ram didn’t appear to suffer any indecision whenever the paths forked or diverged into multiple ways.
There were times, naturally, when Orthia doubted the wisdom of blindly following a creature the shepherd had obviously had to rescue.
There were also times when she felt sure they must be heading in completely the wrong direction, and it would make far more sense for her to ignore him and strike out on her own.
Surely they were heading the wrong way?
Surely they’d just spent ages walking in one direction only to be apparently going back on themselves?
Sometimes she protested, declaring the ram ‘a foolish ass’ for being so stubborn in his instance than he was right.
The ram’s ferociously berating bleating, his refusal to budge from the path when she tried to take another way, would ensure she eventually gave in, if only because she feared the ignorant animal was about to call every beast in the forest down upon them.
‘You’ve made a fool of me,’ she sternly rebuked the poor creature when, as it grew darker, they were still no closer to exiting the darkly enclosing forest.
Ahead of them now, the gaps lying between the black wickerwork of elaborately interlocking trees were brightly illuminated by a fluidly-moving, bloody glow. It was the sharp red, orange and yellow light of flickering flames, throwing up giant shadows of hellish, trident-wielding denizens. 
And yet, still, the ram placidly continued along the path.
‘We must turn about!’ Orthia attempted to shout out in warning; only for her voice to be abruptly drowned out by the harmonious ringing of hammers on anvils, of metal being moulded into more useful forms against its will.
A forge?
Could it really be…that the ram had safely led her to Bougenes after all?


*


Chapter 35

As Orthia broke free of the forest’s dark edges to emerge within the comforting light of Bougenes’ well-maintained furnace fires, the busily working smith couldn’t believe what she was seeing.
Orthia had instantly vanished as soon as she’d slipped on the ring.
Bougenes had hoped that, somehow, the ring’s magical powers had whisked her back home: for hadn’t that been her wish as she’d placed it upon her finger?
Surely, she’d hoped even more fervently, the ring wouldn’t simply transfer the poor girl to somewhere deeper within the forest?
If it had, then Orthia was lost in far more ways than could be imagined.
The labyrinthine tracks, although appearing in many ways wholly innocent, even benign, in most cases led off to places best avoided.
And yet – here she was!
Safe!
Bringing with her a ram whose fleece blazed a curiously burnished gold in the glow of the forge’s fires.
Dropping without a care the weapon she was forging, along with the hammer and tongs she’d used to ensure its malleability, she elatedly rushed over towards her friend.
With arms thrown wide open in excited greeting, Orthia was similarly running towards her; but, gradually, her eyes widened in surprise and bewilderment as she took in Bougenes’ startling condition.
She was quite obviously heavily pregnant.


*


Chapter 36

‘What…what happened to you?’
After their initial grateful hugs, Orthia couldn’t help but stare in astonishment at Bougenes’ bulging belly.
‘Me? What happened to you?’ Bougenes’ asked rather than answering. ‘You vanished! I thought you’d gone home!’
‘I didn’t vanish!’ Orthia insisted. ‘You did!’
‘Then how come I was around long enough to turn that serpent head into another hide to hang in the tree?’ 
‘You did that? But…’
Orthia was lost for words.
She curiously looked towards the large bump once more.
‘How long…I mean, when did you get married…?’
Bougenes hung her head in shame, wringing her hands nervously.
‘I didn’t lie with any man,’ she said fearfully. ‘I can only think: it’s a child of the serpent’s making!’


*


‘How can the serpent be the father? How can it have grown so quickly?’
‘Quickly?’ It’s been at least two seasons since I last saw you Orthia!’
‘No, it’s hardly any time at all sinc– the ring!’ 
It dawned on Orthia that the wearing of the ring had had some effect on time after all, just as Bougenes had hoped and expected.
‘For you, two seasons passed in the blink of any eye?’ Bougenes asked unsurely.
‘What else could explain what happened?’
Yet again, Bougenes hung her head ashamedly.
‘Than that’s hardly of much use for you, Orthia…’
Orthia reached out to reassuredly grasp her friend by the arms.
‘We’ve yet to explore what else it can do…’ 
‘Maybe, this time, we can ask the serpent for help!’
Orthia drew back from her friend uncertainly.
‘We can’t go back again, not so soon: besides, it doesn’t seem like the talking kind…’
‘This time, I’ll take a weapon; it won’t dare swallow me! Peitho stood by Minos with her brazen spear as Pallas Athena in the war against King Nisos! And if even she fails: why, her violent companion Bia enchained even Promtehus!’ 
‘But why go back now? Because you think the serpent fathered your child? But how can that be possible: it spat you out almost straight away, surely?’
Bougenes shook her head.
‘I wondered why the ground was so dry after such a heavy rainfall: and when I checked on the movements of the moon, I realised I’d been three days within the belly of the beast!’


*


Chapter 37

The ram went on ahead along the pathways, even though Bougenes was well aware of the tracks they should take.
It appeared to know the way every bit as well as she did.
Clear of the deep shadows cast by the forest, the trail sparkled like a glittering stream in the light of a full and brilliant moon. Even so, it was decided after a while that they should rest for the night, to take a drink from a sparkling brook flowing nearby.
Bougenes realised with a sigh of relief that she was glad not only for the chance to take the weight off her feet, but more so, also, to hopefully still the restless churning taking place deep within her that had been set in motion by the walk.
Yes, it felt very much indeed like a serpent was taking form in there!
It wasn’t just the way she moved, of course, that seemed to agitate the peculiar, wandering motions she felt taking place deep inside her. They were beyond her control, for the regular overhead passing of the moon also seemed to have its effects, much as some claimed its attractions drew the rising of the seas. 
Sensing these effects of the moon upon her, upon her burgeoning child, she kept a wary eye on its nightly wanderings at all times. 
Yet, perhaps, it was the moon that was the one keeping an eye on her.
For when Bougenes lifted up the pitcher, filled to its perfectly circular rim, to take a drink, the glittering ball of the moon appeared like a brightly glaring eye in the gentle ripples at its brim. Here the moon’s reflection was curiously axe-head like, too, as its own edge spread out along the cusp.
And later, when they stopped for another drink, when the moon had moved in its circular motions across the heavens, it appeared along the other side of the rim, a reflection of its previous form, the second blade of what could have been a double-headed axe, a labrys.
Noting this, Bougenes calmly turned towards Orthia.
‘I know,’ she declared assuredly, ‘what the sixth ring must be…’


*


Chapter 38

‘The sixth ring?’
Orthia exhaled an appalled gasp.
‘That’s for your son – or daughter–’ 
‘Or serpent!’
‘It…he…she won’t be a serpent, Bougenes!’
‘It’s my child, Orthia, who’s made me see what the sixth ring must be.’
‘Then the creation of this ring must wait until he or she is old enough–’ 
‘To lose an eye as I did? ‘
She didn’t bother adding ‘and my father too’. 
In many of the tales she’d heard of battles enjoined with serpents, somehow the hero, even though victorious, usually came away minus an eye. It’s the bride price, she’d also heard it explained.
‘And if you lose another eye?’ Orthia countered. ‘A fine mother or trainer of a legendary smith you’ll be!’
‘You can take both rings: as long as you agree to raise my child.’ 
‘Of course I’ll take care of your child: of you too, if you agree to come back with me…’
Although that, naturally, would depend upon her actually finding her way home: and that, in its turn, remained dependent upon her belief that the ram held an apparently infallible knowledge of the many tracks winding their way through an otherwise intractably impassable forest.
‘You’ll have no need of me when you return home,’ Bougenes huffed. ‘Just make sure my offspring – if it is a he or she – learns the art of smithying and gains the rightful credit for the ring’s creation…’
‘And his or her child? How will they forge the idea of the necessary seventh ring?’ 
Orthia fully expected Bougenes to be abruptly placed in a quandary by this problem for, quite surely, she hadn’t considered this in her excitement at arriving at the means for creating the sixth ring.
Yet Bougenes didn’t stop for even a moment to mull over this supposed problem, saying instead:
‘But the sixth ring, I hope, will provide us with an answer to that!’


*


Chapter 39

‘It must be the spring with the bowl; like the waters of the womb?’
Ignoring the fountaining waters fronted by a still burning fire, Orthia confidently strode towards those streaming around the perfectly formed bowl.
The grove was much as it had been when she’d last been here, which wasn’t so long ago after all.
The lion-headed serpent hide still hung from the dead tree, rotting in the parts where Bougenes had failed to expertly treat it. The pit had already filled in a little more, the lifeless, decaying torso at its base as black as the surrounding soil.
Bougenes fleetingly glanced down at it in surprise for, of course, it was the first time she’d seen it. Then she turned to the springs, although, unlike Orthia, her interest lay in the waters reflecting the flickering bloody glow of the flames of the fire.
‘I’ve heard it’s the fire, the heat, of the waters that transforms the seeds planted within us,’ she declared assuredly, stepping towards her chosen spring. ‘As metal takes the forms we will it to – and bread rises in our ovens!’


*


The moon flows through its month from new child, to mother, to old maid.
The mother produces a daughter who herself, through her own, earthly waters of life, becomes a mother of a daughter. 
The sixth ring would be formed of the very cycles of earthly life.


*


Bougenes dipped the pitcher in the spring water, stirring it around, exactly as she had before.
Only, this time, she kept her trident close to hand.
She wouldn’t be taken by surprise this time.
She was ready to leap back at any moment, as soon as the ground began to heave and shake.
Only, the ground didn’t roll and shift.
It remained perfectly calm and motionless.
Bougenes stirred the pool’s waters once more with the partially submerged jug.
‘Don’t tell me I’m the only one that now she looks on with fear?’ she chortled tauntingly.
Yet still the ground refused to move in any way.
‘Maybe…maybe it is the other spring?’ Orthia suggested.
With a frustrated shrug, Bougenes rose from her knees and stepped over towards the next spring.
Kneeling by it, she once again dipped her pitcher into the bubbling waters.
‘Lay aside your long toil: what trick do you fear whilst I’m standing by you?’ she goaded once more; and to no effect once again.
‘There’s water already in the bowl,’ Orthia observed. ‘Maybe it’s that that needs to be stirred?’
Shifting slightly on her knees, Bougenes moved closer towards the bowl.
It wasn’t deep enough to immerse her jug.
She uncertainly dipped a finger in its centre, sending out ripples, rolling waves quickly spreading out towards the rim. 
Suddenly, the rotting body in the pit tossed and writhed.


*


Chapter 40

Bougenes leapt to her feet, grabbing the trident, holding it out threateningly before her, its three bared points directed at the now thrashing coils.
‘Who disturbs the celestial waters?’ a voice boomed as if from the rocks, or deep within the earth itself. 
The ground by the bowl cracked with a thunderous cry, the soil abruptly thrown up high and instantly cascading everywhere about them.
Through this dark, veiling rain, a huge serpent head hurtled straight towards an unprepared and misdirected Bougenes, its huge maw already agape in readiness to swallow her whole.


*


Chapter 41

This time, the beast hadn’t soared ever upwards before swinging down into the attack.
It had simply burst forth from the earth, snapping out angrily in the direction of the startled Bougenes, moving as swiftly as a week’s storm condensed into a single sharp gust of wind.
Orthia couldn’t be sure if the strands and threads of a shattered darkness dropping away from it were the pure black shreds of the highest heavens or the rot of the underworld.
Briefly, within the cloaking darkness lying before them, she caught a flash of gold, like a sun dispersing merely a shard of the night.
Then the glimpse of gold was gone, and the great head was still rushing towards them.
Orthia had prepared for this moment, holding the ring in readiness in a tight grip.
And reaching out for one of Bougenes’ hands that so firmly clasped the trident’s handle, she pulled a little finger clear – and deftly slipped the ring upon it.


*


Chapter 42

The grove was calm, the two springs bubbling merrily.
The fire by one was still lit, the bowl of water lying in front of the other undisturbed. There were no signs at all that a great serpent had erupted from it only moments before.
As for the pit created when the lion-headed serpent had sprung from the earth, it had now completely vanished. Anyone arriving at the grove for the first time would have no idea that there had originally been a third spring here.
Even so, the dead tree had a new hide hanging from it: that of a large ram.
Already, too, the bees had made a home of it, humming merrily as their busy work ensured it dripped with a golden honey. 
Bougenes cast her trident aside, seeing no need to hold onto it any longer.
There was no serpent to be fought; but, also, there was no Orthia to protect either.
Orthia could only have been swallowed, as she herself had the first time they’d arrived here.
Only Orthia carried no stone to make sure the serpent rejected her.


*


There was no severed serpent head, no new pit, containing the remains of the beast’s torso, as there had been when Bougenes had been devoured then forcefully regurgitated. 
She wrung her hands worriedly.
And she felt, sensed, something was different about them: or, rather, about one hand.
Or, more precisely, her little finger.
It was encircled by a ring, a ring of her creation; the ring formed of the tree rings, of the passing of time.
Orthia must have slipped it onto her finger just before the serpent finally struck.
Fearfully, hurriedly, Bougenes took the ring off; who could predict what it might do next?
It had brought her here – here being the very same place as before, only two seasons ahead in time.
As for Orthia: only the serpent would be able to explain what had happened to her.
She would have to call her up once again.


*


Chapter 43

Bougenes sought out and chose a large stone before warily dipping a finger in the bowl’s waters.
It sent out ripples, perfectly circular, rapidly spreading out towards the rim.
The ground beneath her feet remained motionless, however.
She obviously needed some other way of drawing the great beast out.
Reaching into her waist pouch, she pulled out the ring she’d placed within it; and dropped that neatly into the very centre of the bowl of water.
It didn’t make a single ripple.
It slowly slipped to the bottom of the bowl without making the slightest disturbance to the waters.
‘Bougenes!’
The cry, coming from directly behind, startled her.
She whipped around on her heels, instinctively reaching out for and grasping the stone.
‘There’s no need for that!’ Orthia chuckled as she walked across the grove towards her. 


*


They greeted each other, naturally, with thankful hugs and exclamations that they were glad to find each other safe.
And yet, Bougenes found herself worrying; what had happened to Orthia’s remarkable beauty?
Her friend was almost as plain as she was, lacking only the muscular build formed from long toil over a hot furnace. 
‘I knew I’d eventually find you here: two seasons on from when we’d last been together!’ Orthia explained. 
‘You sacrificed yourself – and your possession of the ring – for me!’ Bougenes replied gratefully.
‘Well, there was a part of me hoping I’d be whisked into the future along with you!’ Orthia confessed brightly. ‘Though someone did sacrifice themselves in the hope of saving us,’ she added, glancing off towards the ram’s hide hanging from the tree. ‘Not that it stopped the serpent from swallowing me too!’
‘You were swallowed?’ Bougenes looked at Orthia in disbelief. ‘But you didn’t have any stone to save you…’
‘No stone was ever needed: a settlement had been reached long before…’


*


Chapter 44

As Bougenes had vanished, Orthia knew in an instant that her friend was thankfully safe; but she, on the other hand, was about to be unavoidably swallowed whole by the onrushing serpent.
Its two great eyes were focused directly upon her now.
Its vast, gaping maw was impossibly wide, giving Orthia no chance to leap aside.
Besides, it was all happening too quickly.
In a flash of instantaneously vanishing light, she was abruptly cloaked in a nosily-pounding darkness, drawn along a thick, coiling thread as black as the most cloying pitch.
Yet within it all, there was a light.
One of purest gold.
The serpent growled anxiously.
‘This…is not how it’s supposed to be!’


*


‘How is it supposed to be?” 
Orthia asked her question even as she reached out for, grabbed at, and clung on to the golden curls of the ram’s sparkling fleece.
‘It’s not supposed to be me that’s called upon so soon!’ the serpent irately replied. ‘The summoner intended for me is long from forming: and yet, I saw the smith already has a new soul growing within her!’
‘Did that new soul form while she was held within you?’
‘That’s not how it works!’ the serpent retorted, snapping at Orthia as if she were a fool. 
‘Yet she’s never lain with any man…’
‘Not that she would have to,’ the serpent huffed. ‘Just as her father never lay with any woman she might call mother!’


*


Chapter 45

Bougenes was both startled and aggrieved by Orthia’s recollection of the serpent’s claim.
‘And yet here I am!’ she insisted irritably. ‘I had no one to call mother simply because she died while granting me life!’
‘Did you know your grandmother?’ Orthia asked. ‘Or hear any tales of her mother?’
Bougenes shook her head miserably.
‘Why would I be told tales of them?’ she responded uncertainly. ‘Maybe…maybe they also died while young…’
Orthia shook her head sadly.
‘Your father, his father, and his before him…they were all too focused on searching out the secret of the rings to seek out a wife. Realising their childlessness nullified all vows, they sensed they had to return to the serpent–’
‘How does that make any sense?’ Bougenes fearfully interrupted. ‘How could the serpent grant them children?’


*


‘How can a serpent grant men children?’
Orthia was puzzled by the serpent’s claim that the smiths must come to her to alleviate their childlessness.
‘It’s not a child, as such, at first, but a breath, an intention, one of seven rishis. Who else, ultimately, grants new souls but me?’
The darkness throbbed, pulsated, grew warmer as if being rapidly heated by a surging of either a broiling blood or unseen flames. 
Under the abruptly pounding motions of the darkness the ram trembled, shuddered, then shook violently: and in an instant was turned inside out, deftly stripped of its golden fleeced membrane to reveal an interior of – nothing but more darkness.
In a flash of gold the fleece was ripped wholly from Orthia’s grasp, taken away in what could have been a hurricane’s gust, and sent hurtling upwards into what could have been the blackest of skies until it was entirely out of sight.
Yet a flash of gold remained caught between Orthia’s fingers, a fine thread, that curled in the darkness as if alive.
And from the coiling of the gold, winding about a darkness that also seemed to willingly entwine within the glowing strands, there appeared a bee, its blur of wings a veil of minutely delicate silver threads. 
Instinctively, Orthia let the bee go, letting it rise into the air before her.
Only it wasn’t a bee anymore.
It was a new-born child, swiftly growing.


*


Chapter 46

 ‘Stop, stop!’ Bougenes wailed. ‘You’re saying the serpent is my mother?’
‘Your father raised you,’ Orthia said consolingly.
‘Only to leave me later – why?’
‘To fulfil his vows…’
‘He returned again…?’
‘The circles your ancestors had set in motion…he had his own place to take within them.’
She glanced towards the tree, where the hides hung from the branches, drawing Bougenes’ attention in particular to the lion-headed serpent she herself had skinned.
‘With the courage of Ajax, the serpent said, your father played his part.’
Bougenes wondered – worried – what Orthia could mean.
The lion, like her father, had had only one eye.
‘The lion – was my father?’


*


‘Your role – for how else can the sixth ring be formed? – is that of the eagle; who, like Agamemnon, eventually sacrifices a daughter in pursuit of ever more glory,’ Orthia added before her friend could more fully consider the revelation that she’d killed her own father.
Bougenes saw that Orthia was looking down towards the bump where her child – her daughter, it seemed – moved restlessly.
‘But…once my head’s forfeit,’ Bougenes said hopefully, swiftly rationalising everything Orthia had told her, ‘the head to be lost is only that of the serpent herself!’
Orthia nodded in agreement, but wretchedly so.
‘She will become as one with the serpent…’ 
‘Then her child…?’ Bougenes asked more optimistically.
‘Will achieve the seventh ring,’ Orthia answered with another nod of agreement. ‘Though we should all pray that she loses her head before she does!’


*


Chapter 47

The child rising up and away from Orthia continued to rapidly grow: a boy, an adolescent, a young man.
‘This new soul was previously an old one, an ass and an ape of a man gaining redemption through wearing the skin of Phrixus…’
There was glimpse of daylight as, far above, the serpent contemptuously spat the man out, along with his freshly shed hide.
‘Men desire control rather than risking living off my freely granted streams,’ she sighed dejectedly. ‘They see themselves as gods of storms, of the air…and it is never enough for them!’
‘My friend, Bougenes: I can tell her we mustn’t seek the sixth ring!’
The serpent growled bitterly. 
‘But hasn’t your friend already grabbed her moment of fame, soaring proud as an eagle in the blaze of the sun? Ripples, once set in motion, can’t be so easily halted!’ 
Orthia reached up towards her necklace, towards a throat it had made so delicate and slender: and she recognised at last that the eagle there was held back for its own good from flying too high. 
‘And the seventh ring?’ Orthia asked anxiously. ‘What does that attain for us?’
‘Why, with the end of me, of Harmonia…man attains his long wished for end of the cycles of life and death…’ 


*


Chapter 48

‘We live for ever?’
Bougenes observed Orthia anxiously.
‘We are all forever…dead…’ Orthia replied blankly.
‘But the sixth ring…’ Bougenes protested. ‘The cycles of birth and motherhood will counter it!’
‘Earthly waters of life are small pots in the whole…’
Bougenes looked desperately back towards the bowl into which she’d dropped the ring controlling time.
‘My ring, Orthia: we can go back! Stop all this from ever beginning!’
Orthia shook her head.
‘It takes us forward, not back; we’d only be hastening our own end.’
‘You used it to save me and my child.’ Bougenes hung her head ashamedly. ‘Maybe it would have been best if we’d both perished!’
Her face grim, Orthia reached out to take one of Bougenes’ hands in one of hers. 
‘Bougenes…’ she began unsurely, ‘this can be brought to an end…but requires the most horrible sacrifice on your part…’
With her free hand, Orthia reached up towards her neck, pulling aside the collar of her gown to reveal that it was perfectly bare, imperfectly formed, and no longer gracefully slender. 
‘The necklace hadn’t really been made for me after all, had it…?’


*


Chapter 49

Deep in the forest, it’s possible now to seek out a wise old hermit who, it’s said, has undergone a redemption unlike any other.
He was reborn as a renewed soul, he says to anyone – and there are many these days – willing to listen to him.
For he was dross of the lowest kind, but now shines from within as if with gold, his words of wisdom dripping from his lips like the most precious honey.
The Four Rings are as nothing to the Last Ring, he proclaims, despite no one knowing the name of its creator; for this ring is so precious it remains eternally under the guard of the great double-headed serpent, who wears a crown much in her likeness, ensuring she never ages, never changes
And she will freely release it to no one but Orthia of the Woodlands, sister of the Three Queens of Echion, who themselves wear gowns that are said to command the seasons, the sun and moon, and the breath of the heavens.
Waited on and entertained by golden servants granted intelligence in their hearts by the gods, Orthia and her daughter, Deborah, are at one with the forest, living there in the most complete harmony.
They visit the great serpent Harmonia often, conversing with both of its heads as if they were old friends and acquaintances. 
Sometimes, too, they marvel as a head, like an eagle, soars up and up into the heavens, as if it were the very spine of the universe. And here it draws in a new breath to be released and but briefly granted life on earth.
Hearing of this from the old hermit, many postulants go away satisfied that this is indeed an harmonious existence we tamper with at our peril.
Still other aspirants, however, recognise within the tale veiled instructions to achieve immortality.
Isn’t it time, they think to themselves, for man to grasp the levers of life and death so unfairly denied him?


End




If you enjoyed reading this book, you might also enjoy (or you may know someone else who might enjoy) these other books by Jon Jacks. 

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes  –  Death of a Fairytale Princess  –  The Incurable Caress
The Maid’s Caul  –  Nu’s Ark  –  A Disgraced Angel  –  Wake Me Up When it’s Christmas
God’s Toybox  –  Aurora Rising  –  The Veil  –  Petals: Portals of Desire


