Rise of a Legend
C.L. Mozena

Copyright 2012 C.L. Mozena
Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com an purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
About the Author


Chapter 1

Orion took a deep breath and closed his eyes.  The sounds and smells of the palace courtyard drifted around him.  He heard water splashing down a fountain, voices of his friends talking in low murmurs, and birds chirping somewhere off in the distance.  He could smell the fragrance from a hundred flowers, dirt and bark, and his own sweat.  His heart beat faster as a new smell invaded his nostrils and washed over him- smoke.  This time I’m gonna do it, he thought.  He opened his eyes to see a figure coming towards him along a cobblestone pathway, carrying a fire baton.  An elaborate fountain sat off to his left, the water splashing and spraying anything near it.  A slight breeze ruffled the leaves of trees and made the flames dance.  A shiver ran up Orion’s spine, but it wasn’t from the wind.  The figure stopped, holding the baton in front of him.
“You ready?” the figure sneered.
“I’m ready,” Orion replied.  He bent his knees, balled his fists, and leaned forward slightly to show he was ready.  The figure rushed towards him, waving and twirling the baton.  The flames at either end began dancing, then jumping, then growing until the figure had disappeared behind them.  The entire world disappeared, leaving only Orion and the flames.  Still, the fires grew until they became one large fire, flashing and twisting, encircling Orion in a ball of intense heat.  The flames were searing hot.  The last thing Orion saw before passing out was the fire taking on a monstrous form and wrapping it’s hands around his throat.

*****

“Orion?  Wake up now, Orion,” a female voice said urgently.  His head was swimming as he felt a rush of cold air.
“Come on, now, Orion.  Wake up.”  He heard the voice but couldn’t respond.
“Orion, open your eyes!”  A new voice, male this time, spoke urgently,  “It’s gone, Orion, the fire’s been put out.”
Slowly, Orion opened his eyes.  He was lying on his back on the cold stone of the palace courtyard.  Lampposts were lit all around, but Orion could still make out a few stars shining down at him.  A robust woman was dabbing his face and chest with a damp cloth, and cradling him.  Her black hair, hiding strands of silver, was pulled tightly into a bun behind her head.  Her dark brown face revealed her age in many wrinkles, but her brown eyes shone with inner youth.
“Bertha?” Orion asked weakly as he looked up at his training instructor.  She smiled.
“You’re going to be just fine,” she said.
“Tough break, eh, Orion?”
“Yea, better luck next time, amigo.”
Orion looked around.  He was surrounded by a sea of faces.  Most of them belonged to the palace guards, but he recognized some of them as his friends.  Orion grabbed at something soft near his hand, but flicked it away when he saw that it was just a black feather.  Bertha helped him up and steered him to the stone fountain, water splashing down five separate levels.  Orion sat on the edge and looked into the water as the spray cooled him and calmed his nerves.  A sad, defeated young man stared back at him.  Several inches of light blonde hair fell over the right side of his pale face, hiding a black leather eyepatch and several scars.  The left side of his face was unscarred and handsome.  A single, thin braid hung below his shoulder in front of his left ear, and a bright blue eye gazed back at Orion.  He turned his head, and the rest of his hair, pulled into a braid, fell over his shoulder and dipped into the water, rippling his reflection and attracting goldfish.  Unbraided, his hair fell almost to his knees and tangled easily, so he had a servant braid it neatly every day.  Several strands had come out during the training session, and now his hair looked rather messy.  He pulled a gold ring with a green stone in it out of his pocket.  The band had a feather pattern wrapped around it.  He examined it before putting it on his finger.
“Come on, Orion, let’s get you upstairs.” Orion’s best friend, Chris, sighed as he helped Orion up and brushed some dust off of the shirt of his white silk jumpsuit.  Chris was only two years older than Orion, but he was almost a foot taller.  Like most telblec people who lived on the planet Olhoe, Chris was black skinned with dark brown hair.  He had broad shoulders, muscular arms, and was a little clumsy at times.  Quite the opposite, Orion was thin and graceful, with long, slender arms and legs.  Chris continued, “I was so sure that you wouldn’t have succumbed to your pyrophobia...again.”
He caught Orion’s eye, but Orion quickly looked away.  Orion didn’t notice any of the palace’s splendor as he allowed Chris to lead him back inside, and up to his rooms.  They didn’t speak the entire way, but there was a war going on inside Orion’s head.
I’m a prince, he thought, A telblec prince!  I’m gonna be king in only four more years; I have to be fearless!
But it’s fire.  How can I fight something I can’t even touch, let alone, hit?
Maybe there’s another way.  If only it hadn’t happened... he sighed as memories of the day he lost his right eye swirled in his head.  He was only six years old.  The kingdom had been under attack by the lunimorves, who lived on the moon, Lunspae.  He had been wakened by a crash on his balcony in the middle of the night.  Upon investigation, he found his father, King Frederic, fighting a losing battle against two of the huge, ugly, gargoyle-like creatures.  Without thinking, Orion leapt into battle.  At just six years old, he was no match for the lunimorves, and was quickly overpowered.  The last thing he remembered was a spear, engulfed in flames, hurtling straight at his face.  He had no recollection of anything that happened between then and waking up in the hospital weeks later.
Unconsciously, Orion raised a hand and gently touched the patch that covered his bad eye.  He ran his fingers over the threaded design on top of black leather.  He was vaguely aware that they were back inside the palace, walking down a dazzling hall with dark red velvet carpet and a high, curved ceiling.  There were large marble columns between tall  windows with the black curtains drawn back  along the walls.  There was a plant stand in front of each window, bearing beautiful art glass vases.  None of them had any flowers.  King Frederic didn’t like flowers, although Orion couldn’t figure out why.
“Here we are!” Orion snapped back to the present at the sound of Chris’s voice.  They had stopped outside a set of large, gold and ivory doors that led to Orion’s rooms..  There used to be only blue gems set into the doors in an intricate, swirling pattern, but half of the blue gems had been taken out and replaced with orange gems after he lost his eye.  When he was little, Orion would sit in front of the doors staring at the design, wondering what it meant.  He also wondered why his was the only set of doors in the palace with these colors.  Every other door was predominantly dark.  Several of them were ebonivy, a rare type of black ivory that takes nearly a year to create using regular white ivory and pitch, with patterns and designs set with gems.  Others were dark blue, purple, red, or green wood, set with various colored gems.  Some of the doors that led to unimportant rooms or halls had no gems. Orion figured that the reason his doors were white ivory was because his father didn’t think to waste precious ebonivy on such a worthless son; one who couldn’t even stand the sight of a tiny flame.
Chris opened one of the gold and ivory doors.  He led Orion inside, and closed the door behind them.  They were standing in a magnificent room with a high, domed ceiling that had three large gold and crystal chandeliers hanging down.  The furniture was made of the richest ebony with gold highlights.  There were a few potted plants bearing brightly colored flowers set on ebony plant stands here and there along the walls and one beside a black velvet couch.  The velvet carpet bore a swirl pattern of red and gold.  The opposite wall was entirely taken up by a grand fireplace that was set with the same pattern of gems as the doors.  However, due to Orion’s pyrophobia, the fireplace had remained cold and useless for ten years.  Orion had a large, glass cabinet placed in front of it and filled with glass and crystal ornaments.  To the right side of the fireplace there was another room, a kind of den where Orion kept a large collection of books of all sorts.  Although he couldn’t see it from where he stood, he knew the glass doors that led to his balcony were located in that room behind thick, black curtains.
Orion slumped in a black velvet recliner and Chris took a seat on the couch.  For a while, neither of them spoke.  The only sound was a low ticking that came from the large freestanding clock in a corner of the main room.  Chris kept glancing at Orion, who was looking at his knees.  Orion’s only memory before he lost his eye was that of lots of colorful flowers and the smell of the ocean, so he didn’t remember how his father treated him before he lost his eye.  Orion was sure that the resulting pyrophobia was the reason his father never wanted to spend any time with him, so he took up training every day in the hope of breaking his fear of fire.  His mother, Queen Patricia, had died shortly after Orion lost his eye, so gaining his father’s approval meant everything to Orion.
“It wasn’t that bad,” Chris said, breaking the silence.  Orion gave him a quizzical look, so Chris continued, “The training session, I mean.”  Chris shifted his gaze, “You really flattened us during sparring practice.” Chris looked up hopefully.
 “Yea, actually, I think you guys took it easy on me,” Orion said with a half smile, thinking more about how to make his father like him, and not about what happened earlier that day.
“No we didn’t, honest!”  Chris replied, a little too quickly.  Trying to cheer Orion, he continued, “You’re gonna make a great warrior someday, ya know.”  Orion was about to argue, but decided to drop it.  He knew full well that his father would never approve of a half-blind warrior.  His father didn’t even want him to train at all, so Orion started training in secret, when he knew his father would be busy.  He didn’t want Chris to know that, and he wanted to be left alone with his thoughts.
“Listen, I’m tired.”  Orion stated, trying to sound casual, “I’m going to bed.”
“Yea, okay.  Good night, Orion.”
“‘Night, Chris.”


Chapter 2

King Frederic wandered alone through the vast halls of the grand palace.  Crossing his hands behind his back, he walked with his head down and a prominent scowl on his face.  He didn’t stop or even look up when a passing servant bowed with a ‘Your Majesty’.  He had just been down in the courtyard, watching his son’s training session.  King Frederic hadn’t wanted Orion to become a warrior, and refused to train him.  So what does Orion do?  He finds someone else willing to train him.  King Frederic snorted at the thought of how disobedient Orion had been.  Although, he thought, I’ve never really done anything to stop him.  Orion’s evening training schedule was the same every night.  In his effort to become a warrior and to overcome his pyrophobia, he began with strenuous exercise round dusk, after he was finished with his daily studies.  After that, he sparred with his friends, followed by Chris brandishing the fire baton.  Every training session ended up with Orion passing out at the sight of the fire.  Ever since the day he lost his eye, his pyrophobia got worse.  Every evening, King Frederic would go down to the courtyard to watch, hiding in the shadows.  He knew that Orion thought he was busy with paperwork at that time.  He used to do it then, until he heard about Orion training in the courtyard at that time.  He had planned on putting a stop to Orion’s training, but was amazed at how persistent he was.  He decided to let Orion train, and watch him every evening after that.  After all, Orion couldn’t become a warrior without King Frederic’s approval.  King Frederic would watch Orion train hard with his friends, only to be disappointed at Orion’s reaction to the sight of fire.  Every evening, after the results were the same, King Frederic would haunt the halls of the palace in an effort to relieve his frustration at his son’s failure.
After he had recovered from losing his right eye, Orion had begged his father to teach and train him to become a warrior, so that he could fight alongside of him and the other warriors the next time the lunimorves attacked.  King Frederic had said no.  Orion had kept pestering King Frederic about it for days, and wanted to be given a real reason why he couldn’t train.  Finally, King Frederic got fed up with his son’s annoying reasoning as to why he should be allowed to train, and told him that he’d never be anything worthwhile with only one eye and the inability to be near a flame.  It wasn’t the truth and it hurt King Frederic to say it, but at least it seemed to do the trick.  King Frederic couldn’t tell his only son the real reason he couldn’t become a warrior.  Orion never bothered King Frederic again with wanting to be trained.  Instead, as King Frederic found out a couple of years later, Orion had found someone else willing to teach and train him to be a warrior, and to help him overcome his pyrophobia.  The woman’s name was Bertha, and she had recently begun training five other boys about Orion’s age.  She was more that happy to train Orion, too.  
Since finding out about Orion’s training schedule, King Frederic had shown up in the courtyard every night to watch his son grow stronger.  He kept well out of sight, knowing that Orion still believed that King Frederic thought he was worthless.  What Orion didn’t know was that King Frederic had always wanted his son and heir to the throne to be a great warrior, but Orion’s blonde-haired, pale-skinned condition was the reason he would never be a real warrior.  King Frederic watched every evening, out of sight, as Orion, the youngest of the five boys, and much smaller besides, steadily became stronger that each of them.  
He also noticed Orion’s odd habit of wearing a simple, white and gold silk jumpsuit with heavy gold gauntlets, inlaid with gems, all the time.  The only times Orion would wear anything fancier than the jumpsuit was when King Frederic forced him to for a party or ball.  Orion absolutely refused to take the gauntlets off, though.
King Frederic stopped in front of a large, carved-oak framed portrait hanging in the great hall, where balls and parties usually took place.  Tonight, however, the large room stood empty and useless, with heavy, black velvet curtains hanging in front of huge fancy windows, blocking the night from coming in.  He looked up at the three smiling faces overlooking the dimly lit hall, one belonging to himself, one of his son, and the third of his wife, Patricia.  The portrait was at least ten years old.  Orion was just a little boy in the picture, two bright blue eyes watching out over the empty room expecting people to suddenly appear out of thin air and start dancing and laughing.  Orion’s pale skin and light blond hair stood out against the dark skin of his parents.  Both King Frederic and his wife had black hair and dark skin, just like every other telblec on the planet.  Most people puzzled at the fact that Orion was so different, but King Frederic knew the answer.  He also knew that if anyone else found out the truth, Orion would be in great danger, so he never told anyone.  King Frederic always feigned ignorance when asked.
His gaze swept up to his own, ten-years-younger, smiling face.  He had been so happy back then.  He wasn’t worried about Orion’s pale skin and hair.  Everyone had accepted the boy the way he was, and besides, Patricia had been pregnant at the time.  King Frederic smiled to himself, remembering his excitement over having another child.  Grief settled in where the small spark of joy had been when he remembered that Patricia had died trying to bring their baby into the world.  The baby, a little girl, had died shortly after birth.  He closed his eyes and looked away at memories of what might have been.  He had been planning on giving his crown to the little girl instead of Orion, since she would have had dark skin and black hair, just like a normal telblec should.  
Now, with Orion as his only heir, he was worried about what people would think about having a king that looked like a lunimorf.  Of course, nobody knew that the lunimorves looked almost identical to telblecs, and that, King Frederic believed, is the only thing that had kept Orion safe his entire life.  The biggest difference was that, while telblecs had dark skin and black hair, lunimorves had pale skin and pale hair that ranged from light blonde, like Orion’s, to deep red-orange.  Telblecs were also larger and stronger than lunimorves, with a more muscular build.  In turn, lunimorves were faster and more graceful.  Of course, since lunimorves were shape-shifters through a magic called fysimae, they usually hid their true form from the telblecs, appearing instead as ugly monsters with claws and wings.  King Frederic knew what they truly looked like because of the year he had spent as a captive with the lunimorves on Lunspae, the moon that revolved around the telblec’s planet, Olhoe.  He shivered as he recalled some of the horrible things that happened to him there.
He allowed his gaze to shift over to that of his smiling wife, Patricia.  His thoughts followed suit, bringing forth wonderful memories of the two of them together, taking walks in the courtyard, having picnics on the beach, or sitting outside on a high balcony, watching the stars until late.  In the portrait, her hair was done up in curls and ringlets, and the sleeves of her pale blue dress were resting on her shoulders, showing off the diamond and sapphire necklace and earring set he had given her for her birthday.  It had taken her hours to find the perfect dress to wear with that necklace for the picture.  She was the only thing in the world that had made his life worth living, and now she was gone.  Over nine years had passed since she died, and King Frederic still felt the hole it left in his heart.  The pain of it wouldn’t let him marry again, even though he knew it would have been best for his kingdom if he did.  He sighed and placed a hand on the lower edge of the portrait’s frame.
“If only you were still here, Patricia,” he let his voice trail off as he closed his eyes and bowed his head in a silent prayer
Chapter 3

I can’t even be in the same room as a lit candle!  he thought in frustration.  It was late afternoon, and Orion was pacing in his rooms, where he always was once his studies were over.  He was dreading another training session where he would have to face his biggest fear again.  An unlit candle is fine, but once there’s even the tiniest flicker of a flame, I black out!  Why?  He stopped pacing and fell to his knees in anguish, tears welling up in his eyes.  It had been ten years since his fateful encounter with that horrible lunimorf that took his eye.  He had recovered quickly, but the scar of pyrophobia refused to fade.  Orion had tried everything to rid himself of his embarrassing fear, including counseling, hypnosis, and completely ignoring it.  Nothing helped.
“I hate it!” Orion cried as he hit the floor with his fists, “ I hate pyrophobia!”  He sniffed as tears spilled over his cheeks, “It’s ruined my life!  If I ever get my hands on that filthy lunimorf, he’s gonna wish he was never born!”  He wiped his eyes and whispered, “Maybe I’ll kill them all.”  He sniffled again as he looked up at the beautiful tropical tree near the wall.  A bright red flower had just begun to bloom on it earlier that day.  “What are you smiling at?” He asked the small tree, his anger subsiding. The tree just stood there, basking in the artificial light, and didn’t reply.  He sighed as he rocked backward into a sitting position.  Leaning back on his hands, Orion shifted his gaze to the ceiling, and to the sparkling crystal chandeliers that hung from it.  Following the rays, he watched some water drip down the leaves of his small rosebush.  He knew that a servant had been in to water his plants while he was with his teachers.  He wondered again why his father didn’t like flowers.  These roses were a new hybrid whose colors were a swirl of yellow and orange.  The blooms reminded him of fire, which was one reason he wanted this bush.  He was hoping that, by associating the color of fire with something he liked, it would help him get over his fear of fire, but it wasn’t working.  Pyrophobia, he thought, smirking, not many people know what it is.  Even I wouldn’t know if I didn’t have it.  If I never lost my eye... His thoughts began drifting again, back to that horrible night that changed his life.
A loud knock interrupted Orion’s daydream.  Startled, he quickly picked himself up off the floor.  He tried his best to wipe any trace of tears from his face as his visitor knocked again, somewhat impatiently.
“Come in,” Orion said in his best regal voice, as he tried to smooth the wrinkles in his sleeves.  
“Good evening, Prince Orion.”  A man bowed as he entered, wearing a black suit with brown trimming that was the normal servant’s outfit.  Every servant had to wear it, and the maids had to wear a matching black and brown ankle-length dress.  Orion thought these clothes were quite ugly and depressing.  I’m gonna get rid of them as soon as I become king.  Maybe I’ll dress the servants in red.  Or maybe blue.  I like bright blue with white trim.  Orion chuckled, I’ll make the servants look like the midday sky.  Orion put his thoughts on hold when he seen that the servant was accompanied by a lovely young lady dressed in an ice blue evening gown with frilly white lace.  The light color of the dress complimented her dark features.  Her long, black hair was pulled back and fell in ringlets around her shoulders.  Her eyes were a boring shade of tan and they sparkled with nervousness.  She looked like she had too much makeup on.
“Who are you?” Orion asked the young lady.
“She is Lady Raina, Majesty,” the servant answered, bowing.  “Your father, King Frederic, says that it’s time for you to choose a worthy bride.  You have less than four years before you are to marry.”  
“Oh, right.” Orion couldn’t hide his frustration.  Father hasn’t cared about anything that has to do with me for years, and now he wants me to see some stupid girl in some stupid dress.  Actually, Orion had been looking forward to meeting potential brides, but felt resentment at his father’s name.  Indeed, King Frederic hadn’t bothered to spend time with Orion at all.  He had always been too busy to even talk to his son.  All Orion ever got from his father was a sneer or scowl when they passed in the halls.  Orion figured it had to do partly  with his mother’s death.  Patricia had died shortly after Orion lost his eye due to pregnancy complications.  The baby had died, too.   That was so long ago, Orion thought, his anger rising, isn’t he over it by now?  He could at least take a couple of hours off and train with me awhile.  Heartache took the place of anger when he remembered that his father thought he was worthless, and had told him so when he asked to start training.  Orion knew that he had let his father down when he lost his eye, but he was trying his best to make up for it by training.  Orion believed that, once he got over his pyrophobia, he could surprise his father with how strong he was.  He could prove that he wasn’t worthless.  His father would have to like him and believe in him after that.  Orion glanced at a picture he had of himself and his parents.  It was the same as the one hanging in the great hall, only much smaller.  He had heard rumors that Patricia wasn’t his real mother, which is why his father never liked him, but he didn’t believe it.  He had always believed that his skin and hair color was so different that everyone else because of a color mutation.  He had seen similar color mutations in animals lots of times.  He knew that it was the loss of his right eye and his stupid fear of fire that shamed his father, not some silly mutation.  Still, he couldn’t dismiss the accusations that he didn’t resemble her in any way.  He didn’t exactly resemble his father, either, but there were some small similarities.
“Well, come in, and tell me about yourself, Lady Raina.” Orion had switched back to his regal voice as he turned to face her, trying his best to put his emotions away like he had been taught.  He had been excited at meeting potential brides ever since his sixteenth birthday last month, and thoughts of his father weren’t going to spoil it.  “Thank you, servant, you may go.”  The servant bowed again and shut the door on his way out.
“Have a seat.” Orion said once the door was shut.  He started towards the couch, but Lady Raina hadn’t moved.  Orion turned around.  He was aware that she was probably just nervous at meeting the crown prince for the first time, so he tried being patient with her.  “What’s the matter?  You’re allowed to sit down here.  You don’t have to stand the whole time.”  Lady Raina didn’t say anything.  She just looked down as if being in the same room as the prince was the most frightening thing that’s ever happened to her.  “What’s the matter with you?” Orion was losing his patience.  Lady Raina looked terrified, but determined.
“Malunmor,” she muttered as she fumbled with a piece of paper.
“What?” Orion’s frustration was replaced by confusion.
“I’m a lunimorf,” Lady Raina spoke clearly, as she raised her eyes to his.  
“Yea, right.”  Orion turned away.  Great, he thought, I get stuck with a nutcase.  Oh, well, there’s always the next one.  Maybe she’ll be prettier than this one.  He sat down on his recliner with his elbows on his knees, wondering what to say to this girl who was obviously confused.
“It’s true,” Lady Raina insisted as she approached Orion, “I have disguised myself as a telblec, and I have a message from my Empress for you.”  She handed Orion the paper she had been fumbling with.  It was folded over in threes, with a wax seal on it.  Orion didn’t recognize the symbol in the seal.   He stared at it, then at her, and decided to play along for the time being.  She was the first young lady to see him, and he didn’t want to dismiss her right away.  Maybe he could get her to understand that lunimorves were monsters that lived on Lunspae, and that she was actually a telblec woman, although rather plain looking.
“Alright, read it to me.” Orion leaned back in the recliner.  He folded his hands behind his head and closed his eyes.  He sighed as Lady Raina broke the seal, unfolded the paper, and began to read:

Prince Orion, Heir to the Telblec Throne:

Before you throw this letter away, please read it in it’s entirety.  As you know, the land of which you have grown up is that of the telblecs.  Every telblec has very dark skin and  hair.  All but one.  That one is you.  Have you ever wondered why your skin is so pale, or your hair is gold?  It is not some random mutation, as you may have been told.  It’s because you are half lunimorf.  We lunimorves are shape shifters.  The ugly, monstrous appearance that you have seen is not what we really look like, it’s our battle form.  We only assume that form when we fight.  I have sent my messenger, Lady Raina, to give you this letter so that your father does not get it first.  Your mother, your real mother, is a lunimorf.  I would like you to come here to Lunspae to meet the family you didn’t know you had, and to learn about your lunimorf heritage.

Sincerely yours
Empress Anita

Lady Raina folded the letter, set it on the arm of Orion’s recliner, and stepped back, watching Orion intensely.  Orion was leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, staring at the floor.  He was trying to make sense of what he had just heard.
‘You are half lunimorf.’  That’s impossible, Orion thought.  I’m a telblec.  A telblec prince!  Lunimorves are the enemy.
But why am I so different from the other telblecs?
It’s just a strange color mutation.  Father said so.  Lunimorves are heartless monsters!  Father wouldn’t lie to me, would he?
“That’s it!” Orion stood up so fast that lady Raina took a step back in surprise.
“What’s it, Prince?” She asked carefully.  He looked slyly at her.
“My father had been held captive by the lunimorves for a whole year.  He can tell me if this note is bogus or not.” He grabbed the letter from the arm of the recliner and started towards the door.
“You’re right, Prince,” she replied with confidence.  “He can tell you that everything in the letter is true.  He can tell you that during his captivity, he mated with a lunimorf and you were born.  When you decide to join us on a ship to Lunspae, I’ll be waiting at the dock.”  Orion stared at her, shocked by her boldness.  Before he could retaliate, she turned her back to him and strode out the door, closing it gently behind her.  Orion stood there, staring dumfounded after her for a few minutes, then came to his senses.  He made for the door, wrenched it open, and ran to his father’s rooms.  He nearly crashed head-on with a servant in his haste.  When he got to his father’s rooms, he almost beat the ebonivy doors down for knocking so hard.
“Enter.”  King Frederic’s voice came strong and steady through the closed doors.  He didn’t seem shaken at all at having his doors pounded on.  That kind of noise would have made Orion jump out of his skin.  Once inside, Orion went numb.  He hadn’t been in his father’s rooms in a long time, and that time he was being yelled at and called worthless for asking to be trained.  The room was not too much different from his own.  It had the same curved ceiling that held the same crystal chandeliers.  There was only one potted plant, and it had no flowers.  The furniture was ebony, like Orion’s, but sported ivory highlights instead of gold.  A large desk covered with papers made it’s presence known in the center of the room.   The man sitting behind the desk looked up.  He had dark, chocolate-brown skin, and curly locks of hair, blacker than the night, falling over his shoulders.  His tired face was deeply lined with scars, but his eyes were an intense and vivid red-brown.  Whiskers covered his face, but were kept so short that the skin underneath could still be seen.  King Frederic stood up behind the desk and came around to the front, crossing his arms.  He was only a few inches taller than Orion, but his broad shoulders and muscular build made him seem much larger.
“What do you want, Orion?”  King Frederic said with an air of a man who had been bothered with nonsense too many times.  Orion said nothing.  “I haven’t got all day, you know,” he paused, but Orion didn’t say anything.  “Look, Orion,” he sighed angrily, gesturing to the pile of papers and folders, “I’ve got a lot of work to do.  Say what you’ve got to say or get out.  I don’t have time for your foolishness.”  Still, Orion kept his silence.  Frederic’s voice was rising. “What is it, already?!”  Orion didn’t say a word.  King Frederic was about to throw Orion out of the room when he noticed the look of utter terror on his son’s face.  King Frederic followed Orion’s gaze to the tiny flicker of a candle flame on the desk.
“Oh, for goodness’ sake!”  King Frederic scowled at Orion, “Just ignore it, Orion!  What do you want?”  Orion took a step backwards.  “Coward!” King Frederic exclaimed, exasperated.  He turned and put out the candle’s flame with a simple pinch.  “How is it that I am to have such a pathetic excuse for a son?” King Frederic muttered as he turned back to Orion.  “Now, what is it?”
Orion forced his eyes away from the candle wick, where a thread of smoke was now curling.  “Take a look at this,” he said, shivering, and handed his father the letter from that Lady Raina gave him.  Orion studied his father’s face for any trace of shock, but there was none.  It was as if the letter didn’t surprise him at all, like he expected it. 
“Hmpf,” King Frederic said as he balled up the letter and tossed it in a small trash can beside his desk.  He rounded his desk and sat back down, ignoring his son.
“Well?” Orion asked after a few minutes.
“Well, what?” King Frederic replied, clearly annoyed.
“What do you think?  Why would Empress Anita send me a letter like that?”  Orion was getting anxious.  King Frederic closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to hold his temper.
“Can’t you see, Orion?  She’s trying to lure you to Lunspae to kidnap you, just like she did to me before you were born.”  When Orion gave a puzzled look, his father continued, “It’s a trap, see?  Here on the planet Olhoe, there are plenty of guards and warriors to protect you.  There are none on Lunspae.  You’d never escape.”  His voice was calm, but his fists were shaking.  Orion saw that his father was fighting to keep his cool, so Orion decided to use ninmisn, the telepathic ability that all telblecs posses, to read his father’s mind.
Who does she think she is?  Orion heard his father think, Inviting my son to Lunspae to tell him everything I’ve worked so hard to keep from him.  The look of shock on Orion’s face was all King Frederic needed to tell that Orion had just read his thoughts.  “Orion?”  King Frederic asked tenderly as he stood back up.
“You...” Orion stuttered in shock.  “You... knew?  You knew I’m half lunimorf?  And you never told me?”  Orion was lost to anger and disbelief.  “You...you lied to me?”
“I was trying to protect you, Orion,” King Frederic could sense that he was fighting a losing battle.  “Lunimorves are horrible monsters, Orion.  Here on Olhoe-.”
“But I’m one of them!  Am I a monster?!”  Orion shouted, fighting back tears, “Is that why you hate me?!
“I don’t hate you, Orion,” his father stammered, “Your mother-.”
“How could you?!  You lied to me!”  Thick tears were streaming down Orion’s face.  He turned and made a break for the door, but his father grabbed his wrist.  “Let go of me!”  Orion was in hysterics now, but King Frederic only tightened his grip.  King Frederic was fully aware that if the telblecs knew that his son was half lunimorf, they would kill him.  King Frederic wasn’t sure, but he assumed that the lunimorves would react the same.  He didn’t know how to make Orion understand that he kept Orion’s mother a secret to save his life.  The only way he could protect his son was to keep him near.  Orion turned toward King Frederic, balling his free hand into a fist and shooting it at his father’s face.  It collided neatly with King Frederic’s left eye, making him stumble, but he didn’t release his hold on Orion’s wrist.  Orion prepared to attack again, but King Frederic was ready this time and blocked it.  Orion’s strength surprised King Frederic, momentarily stunning him.  Anger flooded through him.  He couldn’t see how Orion didn’t understand that what King Frederic was doing was for his own good, even saving his life.
If this kid of mine wants a beating, he’s gonna get one!  King Frederic thought, enraged, as his fist met Orion’s face time and time again.  He pulled Orion’s arm closer to himself and swung his knee up.  His knee smashed into Orion’s stomach and he let go of Orion’s wrist.  Orion grunted, coughing up blood as he fell to his knees, clutching his sides, and doubling up in pain.  King Frederic looked down at his son.
“You will be escorted back to your rooms and you will stay there until you come to your senses.”  King Frederic turned away from Orion.  “It’s for your own good.”
“Since when have you cared about what’s good for me?!” Orion cried.  He was back on his feet and lunged at his father.  King Frederic turned around just in time to see Orion’s foot hurtling at him as Orion’s powerful kick hit it’s target.  King Frederic flew backwards a few feet before hitting the floor and rolling to a stop.  Before he was able to get up, Orion dashed out the door and headed down towards the dock at the back of the palace where Lady Raina said she’d be waiting for him.  Everyone in the halls were a blur as Orion rushed past, through one hall, down a staircase, through another hall, and finally reaching the dock.  Lady Raina was already there with a spaceship ready to take off.
“Hurry, Prince!” she called as she and Orion leaped on board.  “Take her up!” she yelled at one of the ship’s officers.  She led Orion to a seat along the edge of the room inside the ship so he could catch his breath.  His face hurt something fierce and he felt like he was about to throw up.  Lady Raina sat down next to Orion and put her arm around his shoulders.  Orion looked around and saw several people on board, all of which looked like pale-skinned telblecs, who kept stealing glances at him as they preformed their duty to fly the ship.  Orion closed his eyes and leaned back.  Before he knew it, they were off, headed straight to Lunspae. 
What have I done?  Orion thought, panic and dread rising in his chest.  Lunimorves are the enemy!  And now I’ve put my life in their hands.  They’ll kill me for sure!  What an idiot I am!  Hiding his face with his hands, he thought, And I hit my father!  Twice!  He was only trying to protect me, wasn’t he?  What about my friends?  Will I ever see them again?  Tears began forming in his eyes.  I want to go home!  The trip took less than an hour.  Once the ship had landed, Lady Raina took his arm and led him through halls that seemed very familiar.  Orion began to wonder if they hadn’t turned around and went back to Olhoe.  The carpets were the same, the placement of windows with their long, heavy curtains drawn back were the same, and there were the same marble columns along the walls, bearing the same glass vases, although there were bright flowers in each.  Even the guards looked the same, except that their skin was pale, like Orion’s, instead of dark.
“This looks like the palace back home,” Orion stated, looking around.
“Yes,” Lady Raina said as if speaking to a young child, “This palace was built in the image of the other.  There are very few differences between the two.”  She didn’t stop, and didn’t seem to mind answering questions, so Orion pressed her further.
“Why do the guards look like pale telblecs?” he asked.
“Because that’s what we look like, naturally.”  She smiled and glanced his way.  “Did you really think that the horrible gargoyle thing was our natural form?”  Orion stared at her.  Even though the letter had told him the lunimorves were shape shifters and that he had never seen their true shape, he had assumed that they looked very similar to the gargoyle monsters he had seen when he was six years old.  It took a moment for it to register, but he noticed that Lady Raina’s appearance had changed, too.  Her skin was now pale, and her hair was light brown.  Her eyes sparkled green at his shock.  “This is what I normally look like,” she said, reading his confused expression.  “I turned my skin, hair, and eyes dark to blend in with the telblecs, so that I could meet you.”
“Oh, right,” Orion was still confused, but kept up her quick pace.  He couldn’t stop staring at her.  He realized that she was very beautiful indeed, and didn’t have too much makeup on.  Lady Raina led him to a pair of large doors that resembled his own.  The doors were the same sparkling white ivory and gold as his were, except that the patterns were different.  There was also an array of colored gemstones set in the doors, not just blue and orange.  In fact, Orion couldn’t recall seeing a single door on their way that was made on ebonivy, or even painted black.  Lady Raina looked him up and down.
 “We can’t have you meeting the Empress looking like that,” she said.  Before Orion could explain that he liked what he was wearing and that he didn’t have a chance to change into something nicer, Lady Raina pressed her hands to Orion’s face, covering his eyes.  Surprised, he took a step back as a searing heat flooded his face for a moment, and vanished to the cool, still air in the hall.  “There,” she said, wearing a satisfied smile as Orion opened his eye again, “those nasty bruises are gone.”  Orion reached up and noticed that all the damage his father had caused him during their fight was gone.
“Wha-?  How-?” Orion stuttered in shock.  “How’d you do that?”
“I just healed you, Prince.” She said as if Orion should have expected it.  “It’s really no big deal, every lunimorf can do it.  We’re taught every aspect of fysimae as children.”  She knocked on the unnervingly familiar doors.  Orion wanted to ask more questions, but didn’t get a chance.
“Come in.”  A flowery female voice floated out of the doors.  Lady Raina opened one of the doors and allowed Orion to step inside before her.  The first things he noticed were the flowers.  There were flowers everywhere.  Vases filled with fresh cut flowers covered almost every available surface, while potted plants hung from beams near the open windows on the left wall.  The room was very much like his own, with the same high, curved ceiling, but doors to other rooms were only on the right wall, while the left wall was adorned with several tall windows.  However, the setup was completely different.  Instead of dark ebony, all the furniture was made of some bright red wood with gold highlights.  The carpet was checkered in red and yellow with thin, black outlines.  There was only one chandelier hanging from the ceiling, but there were several table and floor art glass lamps casting their colorful light in every direction.  Orion saw the same, large fireplace on the opposite wall, but thankfully, it was cold and empty.  
Like his father’s room, there was a large desk in the middle, but it was against the wall rather than in the center of the floor.  A woman was sitting behind the desk.  Her round face was framed by long hair that fell past her shoulders, in the same shade of gold as his own.  She smiled sweetly at him, but he didn’t return it.  Instead, he stared fixedly at the same blue eyes he had seen so many times in a mirror, except that one of them wasn’t covered by an eye patch.
“Who are you?” he breathed, not taking his eye off of her.
“This is Empress Anita, of the lunimorves,” announced Lady Raina.  Orion had forgotten that Lady Raina was still there.
“Thank you, Raina.  You may go.”  Empress Anita spoke with the same flowery voice.  Lady Raina curtsied and stepped out, closing the door behind her.  Orion began trembling in fear and excitement when he realized that he was alone with the empress of the lunimorves.


Chapter 4

“Please, have a seat,” Empress Anita offered, gesturing to a couch behind the desk.  Orion didn’t move.  His shock of realization of what was happening paralyzed him.  He wasn’t afraid, though.  He thought about how his father would be proud of him for looking the empress in the eye and not being afraid.  He was stunned when he also realized that he was more afraid of going back to his father than he was standing here with the empress of the lunimorves.  “Don’t worry, you have nothing to fear from me.”  Orion only eyed her suspiciously.  She sighed.  Several minutes passed before Orion spoke.
“You said you had information for me.”  He was starting to feel stupid, wondering how he was going to get back home, and even if he wanted to.  He felt comfortable here, although he didn’t understand why.  Maybe it had to do with the fact that, he now knew, he looked just like the lunimorves, where as he stood out like a sore thumb back home.  “You said that I’m half lunimorf.  How is that possible?”
“So you’d rather skip the pleasantries, then?”  She smiled.  Orion frowned.  She looked down and sighed.  “You’re so like your father, Orion.”  She looked up at him.  Orion didn’t budge.  “I know because he and I spent a lot of time together.”  She paused. “I am your mother, Orion.  I just couldn’t say so in the letter.”
“What?” Orion didn’t believe her.  He knew that his father had spent nearly a year here on Lunspae, and that it was probably spent as a slave of the empress, but he couldn’t make himself believe for an instant that his father would have enjoyed his time here.  Not with the way he spoke about it when asked.  His father made Orion believe that the lunimorves tortured him to the point of death.   “I knew my mother, and she died years ago.  If that’s all you have to say,” Orion puffed up his chest and put on a show just like his father did when he became overly annoyed, “I’ll just return home now.”  He turned to go.
“I knew you wouldn’t believe me,” she sighed.  Orion paused near the doors with his back to her.  He looked over his shoulder as she said, “That telblec woman your father was married to wasn’t your real mother.  If she was, you would have been born as a normal telblec, with black skin and hair.”  Orion turned and watched her closely, but she wasn’t threatening him in any way.  He knew very well that she could have her warriors come and attack him at any moment, but nothing happened.  “Don’t you see, Orion?” she said as she slowly approached him, “You have my skin, my hair, and my eyes.  Well, one of them, anyways,” she added.
“Humph,” Orion turned away from her grumpily as he raised his hand and ran his fingers around his empty eye socket under his eye patch.  His thoughts drifted back to the night he lost his eye.  He remembered all those times he daydreamed about killing every living lunimorf for what he had to go through.  He thought about Lady Raina and her pretty face.  He thought about all the excited and nervous faces of the ship’s crew.  He thought about Empress Anita, his mother.  No, I don’t believe it.  Not yet.  He wanted to believe it.  All his life, he had been taught that lunimorves were monsters.  He had seen more lunimorves today than ever before, and he had yet to see a single monster.  He realized that the lunimorves were just people like the telblecs.  Maybe the lunimorves keep attacking because they think that telblecs are the monsters, Orion thought.  The silence seemed to grow as the minutes ticked by.  A loud knock broke the silence and made Orion jump back.
“Come in,” Empress Anita said, with her sweet, flowery voice that seemed to melt through Orion’s defenses.  The doors burst open and two boys about Orion’s age paraded in, arguing to each other.  They stopped the moment they seen Orion.  For a while, nobody spoke, the three boys just stared at each other.  Orion stared in disbelief at himself standing beside the doors.  Well, himself in different clothes, red hair, and two bright green eyes.  The two of them just stood there, staring, while the third, older, boy looked from one to the other.  Empress Anita chuckled at the sight of the boys gawking at each other.
“May I introduce my sons,” she said to Orion, “Princes Rick and Joshua.  And this is Prince Orion, from Olhoe,” she added, addressing her sons.  She paused.  None of the boys seemed to have heard her, so she went on, “As you can see, Orion, you and Joshua are twins.”
“No way!”
“Impossible!”
“You’ve got to be joking!”
“Couldn’t be!”
“How-?”
“Settle down, boys,” Empress Anita stood up, “and let me explain.”  The three of them fell silent at once.  Empress Anita sat down neatly on a decorative chair, Rick slumped on the couch, but Orion and Joshua just stood there, eyeing each other suspiciously, as if the other might change suddenly and reveal the joke.
“You three all know that the lunimorves and telblecs have been at war for many years,” she began, “each trying to eliminate the other.”  The boys nodded.  Everyone knew that the war had begun long before they had been born, although nobody knew why.  “Well, not every lunimorf hates the telblecs, and vice versa.  There are many people on both sides who don’t care about the other, and would prefer peace.  However, there are more people who want to dominate the other race than peace makers, so the war continues.
“Less than twenty years ago, the telblecs dealt us lunimorves a hard blow.  King Frederic killed my father, Emperor Edward.  I was devastated, as was the rest of the kingdom.” She paused at the memory, tears welling up in her eyes.  Rick and Joshua shared her grief, while Orion smirked.  She continued, “And I wanted revenge for my father’s death.”  Orion paused when he heard the note of anger behind her words.  He remembered his father telling him that the lunimorves had captured and tortured him for a year.  Now he knew why.  “So I had King Frederic kidnaped and brought here, to the palace.  I wanted revenge.  I had intended to humiliate and kill him, but,” she paused again, reliving the moment.  Her voice was barely above a whisper, “I couldn’t.
“Instead, I enslaved him,” she said, raising her voice back to normal, “and forced him to do my bidding as my manservant.  He resisted me at first.  No, resisted is too gentle a word.”  She leaned back, searching for the right word.  “Fought.  Yes, that’s better.”  She sat up again, surveying the boys.  “Yes, I’d say he fought me as best as he could.  But with a little, ahem, discipline,”she looked at each of the boys in turn, “I eventually had him waiting on me, hand and foot.”
“You’re joking.”  Orion turned towards her, unable to imagine his father in such a degrading position.  “He would never bow to you, or anyone else.  Never!”
“Oh, but he did, Orion.  He did.”  Empress Anita said, slyly.  A shiver ran down Orion’s spine as she spoke.  “A little discipline can go a long way.”
“What sort of ‘discipline’ did you use, Mother?”  Joshua asked, playing on Orion’s frustration.  Orion glared at him.
“A collar,” she said simply.  The boys stared at her.  “This collar,” she explained, “was remote controlled.  It had spikes on the inside that dug into it’s wearer’s skin, and sent an electrical jolt at the touch of a button on the remote.  I could change the voltage, too.”  Orion’s frustration was replaced by horror at the thought of such a thing.  “After a few jolts, he got the idea not to disobey me.”  Empress Anita’s voice was menacing.  Orion was wondering just how far she would go to get her way.  Fear began trickling up the back of Orion’s neck.  She sure didn’t seem like the sweet, delicate flower that she made herself to be.  He now understood why his father was reluctant to speak about the time he spent here, and why he always seemed to raise his hand to his throat when he did.  Orion once again began wondering if he’d make it back home with his life.
“So what happened then?”  Rick asked impatiently, jerking Orion out of his thoughts and back to Empress Anita’s story.  Rick seemed rather bored with what she was telling them.
“Like I said,” Empress Anita had regained her sweet, girlish demeanor, “he learned fast.  And he also figured me out quickly, too.”  She sighed, “He really knew how to catch me with my guard down.  Not only did he do everything I told him to, he tried his best to please me.  He spoke in such a way that...  He moved like...  The way he looked at me...”  She couldn’t finish her sentences.  With her eyes half closed, she drifted back to the days when he was with her.  A dreamy smile spread across her face.  The boys glanced at each other.
“So what you’re saying,” Rick said, putting two and two together, “is that you fell in love with him?”  He sounded both shocked and disgusted.  Orion and Joshua just stared at her.
“Well... yes.  I guess I did.”  Empress Anita let out a girlish giggle.  “But he really turned up the charm.  He certainly was a clever dog, I’ll give him that.”
“What do you mean?”  Orion asked.  He was just as disgusted as Rick as unpleasant images of his father with this woman began drifting in his mind.
“Don’t you see, Orion?”  She turned to face him.  “He knew that if he played my emotions just right, I might let something slip so he could escape.”  She looked down.  “That’s all he really cared about.”  A tear slid down her cheek.  “He never really cared about me like he pretended to.”  Her emotional pain only made Orion angry.
“Well, duh!”  He exclaimed.  “I don’t blame him.  If I was captured, I’d do anything I could to get free.”
“Yes...” She was still miserable, “I suppose anyone would, but...”  Her voice trailed off as she let her thought’s wander.
“But what?”  Joshua asked.
“Nothing,” Empress Anita wasn’t paying attention to the boys anymore.  She was lost in her memories.
“So how did you get him to mate with you?  It had to have been hard enough just to get him into bed, let alone...you know.” Rick sat up, clearly annoyed at the whole story.  Orion and Joshua looked at him funny.  “I mean, you had to have mated with him, or these two,” he jabbed a thumb at the twins, “would never have been born.”  His question woke Empress Anita from her daydream.
“Huh?  Oh, right.”  She regained her composure and resumed her flowery voice.  “He actually went willingly.  I like to think that it was because he fell in love with me, too, that we spent that night together.”  She looked down.  “But now that I think about it, he was probably getting desperate.  He had been my prisoner for almost a year, you see, and he had tried everything else to get free.
“As you can guess, I got pregnant from that night.”  She smiled and looked up at Orion and Joshua.  “Pregnant with twins, but he didn’t know.”
“So how did he escape?”  Orion was now curious.
“Yea, that’s what I’d like to know, too,” added Rick. “You seemed to have had him right where you wanted him.”
“He didn’t,” she sighed.  Orion looked at her, surprised.  He had been expecting some heroic story about his father breaking the collar off and fighting a hundred lunimorves at the same time on his way out.  “No, Orion, your father didn’t escape on his own,” Empress Anita said, reading Orion’s expression, “I let him go.”
“Why?”  Orion and Rick said together.  Joshua remained silent as he listened.  She sighed.
“After that night, he seemed depressed.  He still did what I told him to, but with less enthusiasm as before.  He began talking about his life on Olhoe.  He told me about his schooling, his training, and about his sweetheart back home.  He told me how he figured everyone thought he was dead and how she would have moved on, found someone else, and gotten married.  He even began to wonder aloud at what her children were going to look like, and how many she would have.  He would openly cry whenever he talked about her.”  Orion had trouble imagining his father crying.
“He really laid it on thick, didn’t he?”  Rick asked with an ‘I would have known better if it was me’ attitude.  Empress Anita looked as though she had gotten slapped in the face.
“Yes, yes he did.”  She sighed.  “He even began talking about how he was going to die sad and lonely here on Lunspae, without ever seeing his sweetheart again.  What was I supposed to do?”  She looked at each of the boys in turn, but they remained silent, so she continued.  “I had to let him go.  I didn’t want to avenge my father’s death anymore.  I cared about Frederic.  It hurt me to see him so upset.”  Orion gave a ‘puh’ of indignation.  Empress Anita became defensive.  “I did care!  I loved him!  And that’s how you were born, Orion.  Take it or leave it.”  She crossed her arms and glared at him.  “You are my son, whether you like it or not.”
“Okay, fine,” Orion said, not really believing her story, “but that doesn’t explain how I ended up growing up on Olhoe.”  He glared back at her.
“Well...” Empress Anita looked ashamed.  “I took you to Olhoe shortly after the two of you were born.”
“Why?”  Orion demanded.
“Because I...” She fumbled for the right words.  “You... you were going to die.”  She looked up at him.  He was still trying to understand what she had just said, so she continued, “You and Joshua were not separate when you were born.  You both were joined near the heart.  I was given the choice of risking both of your lives, or guaranteeing that one of you would survive while the other died.  I chose the latter.”
“And then you left me on Olhoe to die?”  Orion was enraged that this woman be so cruel as to torture a man she planned on killing to give her a son that she didn’t care about.  Tears began welling in his eyes as he realized that she hadn’t wanted him, or done everything she could to save him.  At least his father kept him, even though he reminded his father of all the horror that had befallen him while he was here.  She cringed at his words.
“I left you in your father’s care.”  She stood up. “I thought he would enjoy taking care of his son, even if it was only for a short while.  I also didn’t let him know that you were a twin to protect Joshua.  I didn’t want him taking both of you.  You weren’t supposed to survive, Orion.”
“But I did.  I’m here now, aren’t I?”
“Yes.” She smiled at him.  “You’re alive and well.  I hadn’t expected it, but I’m glad you’re okay.”
“Yea, right.”  Orion turned away from her, his anger threatening to explode.
“I am, Orion,” she said, walking up to face him, “and that’s why I brought you here.  I want you to live here with me and your brothers.”  He gave her a ‘you’ve got to be kidding’ look, but she continued.  “I’m serious, Orion.  You’re my son, and that makes you a prince here, too.  You would get the finest of everything.  Large rooms, delicious foods, the best silk, and the freedom to go and do whatever you wanted, just like on Olhoe.  And you wouldn’t have to worry about not fitting in, like on Olhoe.”  She watched him as he turned all this over in his head.  He knew what she was talking about.  He remembered hearing whispers about how different he was from other telblecs.  He remembered asking his teachers about it and being told of a random color mutation.  Now he knew the truth.  It wasn’t some stupid mutation.  He was half lunimorf, and he bore the resemblance.  
He also realized with a jolt that that was the reason his father didn’t like him.  His father didn’t think he was worthless because he only had one eye, or because he was afraid of fire.  After all, nobody else cared about that.  It was because of his lunimorf heritage.  That was why he wasn’t allowed to become a warrior.  That was what the whispers were all about.   That was why his father hated him so much.  His father seen Empress Anita and her cruelty every time he looked at Orion.  Tears welled up as he began to understand that, while he spent his whole life on Olhoe, believing the telblecs to be his people and the lunimorves his enemy, he would never actually be one of them.  The telblecs would hate him, just as they hated the lunimorves.  Now that he knew the truth, he also knew that he couldn’t go back.  
He hung his head and felt a hand on his shoulder.  He thought it would be Empress Anita, his mother, but it wasn’t.  He glanced over his shoulder to see that the hand belonged to Rick, his older brother.  Half-brother, Orion reminded himself, but brother just the same.  Rick was smiling at him.  He fought to restrain his tears as he gave his brother a small smile.
“This is so weird!” Joshua spoke up, ignoring the obvious emotional pain Orion was feeling, and walked around to face Orion.  “It’s like looking in a mirror, except that my reflection is wearing something else.”  He leaned closer to Orion and pinched his loose shirt sleeve.  “I mean, what is this you’re wearing?  Did you know that your chest is showing?”  Orion suppressed a chuckle at his twin’s natural goofiness as he looked down at himself.  His shirt was open from his shoulders down to his waist, where the edges were crossed and tucked into his pants.  “Is this really what telblecs wear?” Joshua asked.  Rick raised his eyebrows in fascination at Orion’s strange outfit.
“No, no,” Orion said, feeling better.  He had always wanted a brother, and now he had two.  They both seemed nice enough, and from what he heard about lunimorves not being very good fighters compared to telblecs, he figured he could handle these two if something happened.  “It’s just that this is what I feel comfortable in.
“And your hair, Orion,” Joshua continued, not seeming to hear Orion’s answer,  “It’s so long.  Is that why you wear your shirt open?  Because otherwise people would think you’re a girl?”  Orion’s face went red as Rick burst out laughing.  He could hear his mother giggle from where she sat, watching them.
“No!  Hair length represents rank and authority on Olhoe.  My hair is the longest in all the kingdom, next to my father’s because I’m the prince.  I wear the clothes I wear because they’re comfortable, not because my hair’s long.”  Orion said with a hint of frustration.  He just noticed that both Rick and Joshua had very short hair.  It could only be a few inches long, at the most.
“You mean, ‘our father,’ don’t you?” Joshua asked.  Orion gave him a confused look.  Rick spoke up.
“Well, if you two are twins, that means that you have the same father, right?” Rick  looked from one to the other.
“I guess so,” Orion answered gloomily.  He didn’t want to think about his father right now, but Rick was right.
“Man, I’m glad Mother didn’t leave me on Olhoe,” Joshua spoke loudly.  Orion’s anger began creeping on his face, but before he could say anything, Joshua continued, “Because then, my hair would have to be as long as yours is, and I don’t think I’d like that.”  Orion and Rick both laughed.  “Still, I’d like to meet our father.”
“No, you wouldn’t,” Orion’s expression grew dark as he remembered how his father had told him he was  worthless, and had lied about the reason behind it.
Suddenly, the doors burst open.  All four of them turned to see King Frederic struggle inside with half a dozen guards trying to restrain him.  The look on his face was murderous.  Rick jumped between King Frederic and the others, ready to fight.  Pride sparked up in Orion’s chest at the thought of his father coming to rescue him, then was drowned out by terror.  He had almost forgotten their fight, and how much trouble he was in.  He wouldn’t be surprised if his father wanted to beat him bloody again.
“Remember, Orion,” Empress Anita had gotten up and spoke softly in his ear, noticing his frightened expression, “you are a prince, part of the royal family.  Your father is not.”  Orion glanced at her.  “He is the intruder here.  You have all authority over him.”  Orion heard these words and they stirred something inside him as he looked back at his father wrestling with the guards and Rick ready to fight.  This was his family, his mother and his brothers.  They didn’t think Orion was worthless, they accepted Orion the way he was, pyrophobic or not.  That something started bubbling up inside him, clawing it’s way to the surface like a hungry beast, desperate for freedom.
No, I can’t, Orion thought, He’s still my father, I have to do as he says.
So I’m just going to let him drag me back to Olhoe, after everything I’ve learned here?  I’m gonna let him take me away from my family?  He’d beat me to a pulp for sure!  He hates lunimorves.
He’s my father!
I’m a lunimorf prince now.
I can’t!
I can.  And I will!
“Enough!”  Orion was as surprised to hear his own voice as everyone else.  The room fell silent as all became still.  Every eye was upon Orion as he stepped past Rick, and gazed down on his father as a cat would look at a mouse.  King Frederic shrugged the flabbergasted guards off and stood to meet Orion.
“Well,” King Frederic said indifferently although he was trying to keep his temper.  “I’m glad you’ve finally come to your senses, Orion.”  He glanced hatefully at Empress Anita and turned towards the doors.  “Let’s go.  We’re leaving.”
“No.”  Orion sounded much calmer than he felt.  King Frederic turned around again to look at his son.
“What did you just say?”  His voice was getting dangerous.  Orion hesitated, but didn’t move.  “I said,” King Frederic repeated, “What did you say to me?”
“I said ‘no’!” Orion replied with a confidence he had never felt before.  Orion was home, with a family who cared about him and accepted him as one of them, and nothing was going to change that.
“You’re in enough trouble as it is.”  King Frederic said through gritted teeth.  “Don’t make it worse.”  He was shaking with anger.
“I’m not going with you.”  Orion’s voice was rising and tears began welling in his eyes, “I’m never going back!”  Orion shouted.  His anger getting the best of him, King Frederic lunged at Orion, trying to grab his wrist.  Orion dodged, hitting King Frederic in his left eye, which was already sore and swollen from their last fight.  King Frederic howled in pain and clutched his eye as Orion landed a kick that sent King Frederic flying, crashing into the opposite wall in the hallway.  “Guards!  Arrest him!” Orion cried.  The guards, who had stepped back to watch the fight, ran up to King Frederic as he was getting up.  Quickly, they snapped chains on his arms and legs and led him away to the dungeon.  Before they left, King Frederic gave Orion a look of complete loathing.  Orion returned the look and watched them go.  He was shaking badly at what he had just done.  Panic began rising in his chest, but vanished quickly.
“That.  Was.  Stupendous!” Rick exclaimed after King Frederic had been led away.  He bounded over and clapped Orion on the shoulder.  “You’re not half bad!”
You’re gonna like it here,” Joshua said much more calmly than Rick, approaching Orion from the other side and trying to pretend the fight hadn’t happened, “Even though your hair is so long you look like a girl.”  Orion turned to his brothers who were both smiling at him, and looked up at his mother.  She was smiling at him too, but her eyes were sad.
“Excuse me, boys, I have work to do,” she said.  “Why don’t you two take Orion for a tour of the city?” she asked in her usual flowery voice.
“That’s a great idea, Mother!” Rick was excited.  He and Joshua began arguing over where they would go first, but Orion didn’t share their excitement.  He was watching Empress Anita carefully.
“You’re not going to let him go like last time, are you?”  Orion eyed her suspiciously.
“Hm?” She looked surprised.  Orion just stood there with his arms crossed, waiting for an answer.  “No,” she sighed, “I won’t let him out.  You put him there, so only you decide if he stays or goes free.”  She put her hands on his shoulders.  “You’re growing up, Orion.  You’re sixteen years old now.  It’s time you were treated like an adult.”  She hugged him.  “And I’m sorry I haven’t been there for you, my son.”  Her words caught him off guard.
“Hey, are you coming, Orion?”  Rick called.  He and Joshua were halfway out the doors.  Empress Anita released him as Orion turned to face his brothers.
“Yea, I’m coming!”  Excitement began to swell in his chest as he tried to put the memory of fighting with his father behind him.  “Are we really going out into the city?”  He had never been allowed outside the palace walls before.
“‘Course we are.  Let’s go!”  With that, the three boys left the room, and Empress Anita was left alone with her thoughts.  She sighed, glad that the three of them were getting along so well.


Chapter 5

The boys decided to tour Lunspae’s only city on horseback, since that was what Orion preferred.  The familiar clip-clop of hooves on stone reassured Orion as he explored the unfamiliar city streets with his brothers.  There were shops of all sorts in the city.  Orion saw large general stores that sold all kinds of things, little specialty shops that focused on one type of item, and tiny carts pushed by hand or pulled by horse that were full of merchandise.  Shops that sold fragrant flowers, tiny glass beads, wooden clocks, colorful toys, polished furniture, beautiful clothing, and fruit in every shape and size, littered the streets.  There were many people in the city, too.  Merchants calling to passers by advertising their goods, shoppers talking amongst themselves and carrying large paper sacks, people in suits carrying briefcases walking hurriedly to or from work, noisy children running about, and important-looking people on horseback trying to control everyone else, crowded any available space.  No matter how busy everyone was, they all turned to see the three princes ride through the cobblestone streets.  The only times Orion had seen so many people was when his father had organized a royal ball.  He disliked all the staring, and began regretting the idea of agreeing to wearing this dazzling medallion with its heavy gold chain around his neck and jeweled crown upon his head, as his brothers did. 
Being five years older, Rick won the argument of where to start and decided to take Orion to a half-hidden shop that sold weapons and armor.  After the hustle and bustle of the city, the quiet little shop seemed too quiet.  The bright glare of the sun on glass cases sparkled Orion’s eyes.  There were shields, swords, daggers, breastplates, crossbows, and arrows of all kinds in the cases and on the walls, some had matching stands for display.  There were weapons that Orion didn’t recognize, too.
“May I help you?” A dusty, old voice floated out of the shadows.  Orion jumped, not realizing that anyone was there.
“Mr. Aimer,” Rick turned to face the shadows, where an elderly man had appeared.  He was bent over an ancient wooden cane and walked with a limp.  His face was wrinkled, but clean shaven, thin wisps of white hair still clinging behind his ears. “How are you today?”
“Hanging in there, Prince, just hanging in there,” he coughed.  “What can I help you with today?”
“I’d like to buy a throwing dagger for my little brother,” Rick motioned towards Orion, “Prince Orion.”
“I am not little!” Orion stated, matter-of-factly.  He stood at his full height of nearly six feet, which was five inches taller than Rick. 
“So I see, Prince Orion,” the old man chuckled wheezily.  He looked Orion up and down.  “Yes, yes.  You are a fine young man, Prince.”  He coughed again.  “Come on over here.  I have this little beauty...”  His voice trailed off as he hobbled over to a corner of his shop.  Orion was about to follow when he heard a tiny squeak from his feet.  He glanced down to see the largest pair of eyes look up at him from the tiniest fuzzy face.  The creature squeaked again and started to climb over Orion’s toes, but got it’s claws stuck on his laces.  He had never seen such a creature before.  Orion picked the poor creature up with one hand, and turned it over to examine it.  The animal was covered in black fur, while it’s underbelly was cream-colored.  The cream color ran up the underside of the animal’s chin, over it’s tiny snout, and finally coming to a point between it’s eyes.  Orange fur outlined the cream fur, and the creature’s eyes.  Over size ears stuck out of the top of it’s head, with long, furry antennae between the ears.  It’s legs were a decent size for the tiny thing, and ended in very sharp claws.  It’s front paws looked to be finger-like, and could grab small things.  Large tufts of black fur stuck out of the middle of the creature’s back.  A tail that looked pretty useless stuck out of the animal’s back end, and had a bit of cream-colored fur outlined in orange at the tip.  The animal was so small it could take a nap on Orion’s hand.  Orion pondered the strange creature as a woman came in through a back door.
“So that’s where you got to, you naughty little thing!” she exclaimed.  All four of them looked at her as she approached Orion.  He gave her a look of utmost bewilderment.
“What in the world are you talking about?  How have I been naughty?” he paused, waiting for an answer.  “And I’m not little!” he added quickly.  She looked at him in surprise.  He noticed that she had been staring at the animal in his hand.  Embarrassment flooded through him and his cheeks began to redden as he realized that he was not the subject for her intrusion.  “Or do you mean this guy?”  He asked, smiling awkwardly and holding up the animal as it cried for freedom.  She smiled.  Rick and Joshua roared with laughter.
“I’m sorry, Prince,” she glanced down at the animal still struggling in Orion’s hand.  “You see, our zupzie had babies a few weeks ago, so now we’re trying to find homes for them.”  She looked back up at him.  “And this little sneak slipped away when I wasn’t looking.”  She rubbed the baby zupzie’s head with her finger.
“That’s okay.” Orion looked down at the furball wrestling with one of his fingers.  “So this is a zupzie, huh?  Is this one for sale, too?”  She nodded.  “Then he’s mine.  I’ve never seen one of these before.  There aren’t any on Olhoe.”  Orion held the baby up to look at it more closely.  “Do you guys think Mother would let me have a pet?”  Orion knew that his father would never let him keep an animal, but he didn’t wait for an answer.  The baby squealed and held on to Orion’s fingers for dear life.  “Let’s see.  What shall I call you, fella?  A tough, masculine name would be nice.”
“It’s a girl, Prince.”  The woman said.  Orion gave her a what-are-you talking-about look.  “It’s a girl,” she repeated.  “See for yourself.”  
“You’re gonna feel stupid calling your pet ‘Killer’ once she’s had babies of her own, you know,”  Joshua was wiping the tears from his eyes as he stepped over.  
“Alright, alright.” Orion turned back to his zupzie, who had just decided that maybe she doesn’t want to fall after all, and began crying again.  “He- uh, she,” he glanced at Joshua and back down at squeaking fur in his hands, “looks like she has a star here on her face, where the white fur comes up,” Orion thought it over, then continued, “so how about I name him- I mean her, Star?”  After unanimous approval, the boys left the shop and continued their tour of the city.  Rick had bought Orion a steel throwing dagger, with small diamonds studding the silver plated handle and three large sapphires, one at the top of the handle, and two smaller ones on either end of the shaft.  He also bought a black leather leg strap for it.  The leg strap was soft, but it felt very odd to Orion, who wore it just above the gold anklet, to match his gauntlets, on his right leg.
The boys stayed out all day, stopping at different shops and meeting people.  Everywhere they went, people were staring and pointing at the three of them, whispering excitedly.  Orion found it difficult to guide the horse he was riding and hang onto his zupzie at the same time.  The baby had managed to squirm out of Orion’s hands as they were passing a flower shop, and half jumped, half tumbled to the ground.  Luckily, a kind stranger picked her up before she could be trampled by the horse.
“Thank goodness!” Orion exclaimed as he slid off the horse, “Thank you for rescuing my zupzie,” he breathed a sigh of relief as he scooped the animal into the safety of his arms.
“You’re welcome, Prince,” the girl who retrieved the baby was very giggly, “but you need to hang on to her better.”
“Yea, I know, but she won’t...” the zupzie was trying to climb up Orion’s shoulder, “stay,” she was now getting her claws tangled in Orion’s long braid, “still!”  The girl giggled again, and helped to untangle the zupzie.
“You aught to have a carrier for her,” the girl said.  “By the way, my name’s Sandra.”
“A carrier?”  Orion was puzzled.
“Yea, you know, a small cage with a handle.”  She looked at him as he tried to get Star under control.  “I don’t have a carrier, but you can put her in this box.  I’ll go cut some air holes so she can breathe.”  Sandra walked away.  Orion stared after her.  Rick and Joshua, realizing that Orion was no longer with them, came riding up.
“Hey, Orion, what’s up?” Joshua asked.
“Yea, why’d you stop?” Rick chimed in, annoyed.
“Sorry, guys,” Orion looked down as Sandra came back out.  “I, uh, dropped my zupzie.”  Rick noticed Sandra walking up to them.
“Sure you did, Orion.” Rick said, watching Sandra as she approached Orion.  Joshua snickered.  Orion blushed.
“Here you go, Prince.” Sandra handed the box over.  He mumbled ‘thanks’ as he tried to get a struggling Star into a container that she didn’t want to go in.  “You know, you’re pretty cute, Prince,” Sandra cooed as Orion tried to climb back on his horse and inadvertently slipped, dropping Star’s box, and smacking his head on the saddle.  A terrified Star screamed as she fell out of the box, bristled, and ran up the closest thing to her, which happened to be Orion’s leg.
“Yaaa!” Orion yelled as the zupzie’s sharp claws dug into his leg.  He tried throwing her off, but he only managed to make her cry louder and dig her claws in deeper.  “Get off me you-aah!” Orion yelled as he stumbled and fell over backwards and hit his head on the hard cobblestones.  Orion’s horse turned it’s head and looked at him with raised ears.
“Oh, my head,” Orion moaned as he raised himself to his elbows, massaging the growing goose egg on the back of his head.
“Oh, you poor thing!”  Sandra exclaimed as she bent over Orion.  He half smiled and reached out a hand, expecting her to take it and help him up.  Instead, she turned her attention to the frightened ball of fur still clinging to Orion’s knee.  
“It’s okay, little one,” she cooed as she pulled the unwilling zupzie off of Orion and cuddled it. 
“Ow!” Orion yelled as the zupzie’s claws were pulled across his skin.  Sandra ignored him.
“Don’t be afraid, it’s okay.” She stood up and stepped back, trying to comfort the baby.
“Yea, I’m alright,” Orion said sarcastically as he pulled himself up.  “No need to worry, really.  I’m okay.”  He rubbed his head again and looked around.  Both Rick and Joshua had gotten off of their horses and were talking with Sandra, who was trying to explain proper zupzie care.  None of them were even looking at him.  The only one who seemed mildly interested that Orion just had a very embarrassing and painful moment was his horse, who seemed torn between watching Orion and nibbling on a weed.
“Good to know someone cares!” Orion angrily yelled at the three of them, climbing back onto his horse properly.  “Give me my zupzie.  I’m going home.”  He grabbed Star from Sandra, making the baby squeal, and started to ride away, but Rick was too fast and took hold of the horse’s reins.
“Careful!  Don’t squeeze her too tightly!”  Sandra said, “Or you’ll hurt her.”
“Yea,” Orion’s voice was rising, “well look what she did to me!”  Orion motioned towards his left leg, the pant leg completely shredded and blood dripping down to his boot.  “Let go of the reins, Ricky.”  Orion glared at him.
“That looks really bad, Prince,” Sandra said sympathetically as she inspected the wound.  “Why don’t you come inside and I’ll fix you up?”  She touched his knee and smiled sweetly at him. He felt his anger draining and his face reddening.  He glanced at Rick who stared fixedly at him, then looked down at Star, who was still squealing.  Sighing, he got off the horse.  
“This is all your fault,” he whispered to the squealing zupzie before handing her over to Joshua, and followed Sandra inside.  
She led him in through a brightly lit shop filled with flowers of all shapes, sizes, and smells. She continued through to the back of the shop.  The sunlight coming in through the large windows danced among the flowers.  Orion lost all sense of himself as the fragrance swirled all around them.  The shelves and pots completely disappeared, while the flowers grew and multiplied, enhanced by the sunlight.  Lost in ecstasy, Orion began to sway with the flowers in their strange dance.  He reached out to touch a blossom, and as he did, it smiled at him.  He turned and touched another flower, and it smiled at him as he did so.  He smiled sleepily as he reached for another flower.
“Orion!  Lunspae to Orion!”  Rick’s voice broke through the flower’s dance.  Orion turned towards the sound.  “What in the world are you doing?”  Orion’s mind was still swimming.  “And wipe that dopey grin off your face.” Rick added, “You’re giving me the creeps.”  Orion suddenly snapped back to the real world, the flowers having stopped their dance and shrank back to their pots on the shelves.  The fragrance was still overwhelming, and Orion realized that his head was pounding.
“Ooh,” Orion moaned as he put his hand up to his forehead.  Rick gave him a questioning look, but remained silent.
“Hey, back here!” Sandra called from behind the back door.  Orion and Rick made their way through the rest of the shop and through the back door where Sandra and Joshua were waiting.  This room was cluttered with papers and filing cabinets.  Sandra steered Orion to a chair behind a desk that was covered with official looking papers.  There was a vase holding some beautiful orange and yellow flowers that Orion had never seen before.  He set his sore leg on an up-turned box as he sat down.  Rick closed the door behind him as he came in, which, thankfully, cut off the fragrance of the flowers.
Orion leaned back in the chair and closed his eyes.  He was vaguely aware that his sore leg was very warm.  Then hot, very hot.  He opened his eyes to see Sandra kneeled down, pressing her hands against his knee.  He watched as a red-brown light trickled out from under Sandra’s hands and down his leg, healing Orion’s wounds as it went.  He realized that the light was the source of the heat.  Before he knew it, the light faded, the pain was gone, and cool air ran over his leg, making him shiver.  Orion was speechless.  Sandra had healed all of the scratches in an instant, and had mended his torn clothes.
“Good job, Sandra,” Rick commented, smiling at Orion’s shock.  “We’d better get going.  Where’s Josh?”  He looked around.  Joshua was playing with Star, pulling a string and laughing as the baby dove madly for it.  Rick joined him.
“I guess I’ll see you later, then, Prince,” Sandra whispered, almost disappointed.  Orion, who was watching Rick and Joshua, turned to face her.  
“Yea, I guess so,” Orion looked down.  He wanted to stay with her for a while.  He wanted to tell her that he thought she was pretty, but all he said was,  “Uh, thanks for healing my leg.”
“You’re welcome.  You know,” she smiled at him as she picked a bright orange flower from a vase on the desk, smelled it, and stuck it behind his ear, “you really are cute, Prince.”  Orion blushed, but didn’t look up.
“You gonna kiss her or what?” Joshua asked, making Orion blush deeper and glare at him.  “Well, come on,” he was holding a shaking box with some difficulty.  “I’ve got your zupzie.”  Orion glanced at Sandra one last time before heading out the door with his brothers.
“You like her, don’t you, Orion?” Rick asked once they were on their way.  Joshua looked at him.
“No!” Orion said too quickly.
“Yea, okay,” Joshua chimed in, “And you kept that flower she gave you behind your ear because you don’t like her.”  Orion blushed as he grabbed the flower from his ear and looked away.  “Orion’s got a crush!” Joshua chided, “Orion’s got a crush!”  
“Shut up, Josh!”  Embarrassment flooded through Orion, yielding to anger.  “Let’s just get home.”
Later that evening, his anger subsided, Orion agreed to play cards with his brothers.  They had stopped at a spare guest room that was to serve as Orion’s room.  It was pretty much the same as his mother’s room, except for all the art glass lamps.  There was one crystal chandelier and a few floor lamps, but none of them were art glass.  This room was set up similar to his own on Olhoe, but the furniture was Lunspae’s traditional red wood, rather than Olhoe’s ebony.  Each piece had black highlights on the trim and knobs.  The couch set was red, too.  Orion filled a vase with water and set the orange flower in it.  He also let Star out of her box so that she could play.  Satisfied that the baby would be alright on her own, Orion followed his brothers to Rick’s room, where Rick promptly began building a fire.
“What are you doing?” Panic began rising in Orion’s chest.
“I’m making a fire since it’s freezing in here,” Rick was leaning over a pile of logs in the fireplace, “what’s it look like?” He turned to look at Orion.  He froze at the look of terror on Orion’s face.  “What’s wrong, Orion?”
“I-I don’t like fire, Ricky,” Orion whispered, on the verge of tears.  Rick stood up.
“Why not?” Joshua asked.  Orion proceeded to tell them about the time he lost his eye, and how he couldn’t even be in the same room with a fire as small as a candle flame.  Rick had abandoned the logs and got out a deck of playing cards.
“Pyrophobia, huh?” Rick thought for a moment.  “There’s got to be a way to conquer it.  You’re deal, Orion.”
“There isn’t.” Orion shuffled the cards.  “We’ve tried everything back home.”  He began handing out the cards.  “We’ve tried reverse psychology, ignoring it, dealing with it, starting small, starting large, even hypnosis, and nothing’s worked.”
“Have you tried controlling the fire?” Joshua asked, surveying his cards.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean like making it grow and shrink, changing colors, or making it change shape.” Rick picked up another card. “That sort of thing.”
“Huh?” Orion started at him, utterly confused.  “Fire is fire.  You can’t control it like that.”
“Sure you can.  Here, watch.”  Joshua held out his hand as if he was holding an invisible ball.  Orion watched as a small flicker appeared less than an inch above Joshua’s palm and grew to almost 4 inches high.  The small flame turned green, then purple, twisted in a spiral, then became flat and wide.  Orion’s jaw dropped s the purple flame became a red square with flickering corners, then a blue circle before it went out.  Joshua put his hand down.  Orion was speechless.
“Well, what do you think?”  Joshua smirked, “Pretty neat, huh?”
“How-?” 
“It’s simple, Orion,” Rick piped up, now with his own green pyramid-shaped flame.
“That is so neat!” Orion exclaimed, leaning closer to Rick’s odd fire.  “Can you teach me?”
“Sure.”  Joshua thought for a moment.  “And I’ll teach you the rest of fysimae;  how to heal, morph, and make illusions, too.”
“You will?”  Excitement bubbled in Orion’s chest as he faced his twin.  “When?  Can we start now?  Please?”
“Well,” Joshua was surprised at Orion’s enthusiasm.  “How about we start first thing tomorrow?  Right now, we have a game to finish.”
“All right!” Orion wasn’t interested in the card game anymore.  He kept asking his brothers questions about fysimae, and didn’t mind at all when he lost spectacularly.  Rick and Joshua walked Orion to his own room for the night. 
“Well, good night, Orion,” Rick said, sleepily.
“‘Night, Bro,” Joshua yawned.
“See you in the morning,” Orion wasn’t too sleepy like the other two.  “Don’t forget about those lessons, Josh.”  Orion reminded him.  Joshua smiled and left Orion alone.  Orion found the bedroom easily enough, it was located behind the same door as in his old room.  He lay there awake for a while, rethinking about all that happened that day.  First was the letter and taking off to Lunspae to see his mother and brothers for the first time.  He was overjoyed that they liked him, and didn’t care that he was half telblec.  Then finding out that not only was he half lunimorf, but a lunimorf prince!  He had enjoyed meeting his brothers and going out into Lunspae’s only city. He had never been allowed to travel in any of Olhoe’s five cities before.  Sandra’s face swam to the top of his thoughts, her warm expression making him smile.  She was so pretty.  And I had made such a fool of myself in front of her.  He thought as he remembered falling off the horse and smacking his head on the cobblestones.  Her smiling face replaced that embarrassing moment, and he relaxed.  I wonder if she likes me? He pondered as something fell on the bed near him.  He forgot everything as panic took it’s place.  
“Who’s there?”  He called out to the darkness.  A tiny squeak answered him.  “Star!” He said, relieved, as he turned his head to see his zupzie crawling towards him in the moonlight streaming through the window.  Wait a minute, he thought, I’m on the moon, now, so what’s casting that glow?  He got up and looked out the window, to the source of the light.  He saw what looked like a moon, but much larger and blueish, floating where a moon would have been.  With a jolt, he realized that what he thought was a large moon was actually the planet Olhoe.  A sense of longing overtook him as he stared up at his home of sixteen years.  This is my home now, he thought, smiling.  He scooped Star up and held her near him as he lay back down, but she had other plans.  She squirmed out of his grip and began playing with his hair.  He laughed and turned over to watch her, pulling the end of his braid along the bed and letting Star tackle it.  He fell into a deep sleep, dreaming of zupzies, flowers, and his upcoming lessons of fysimae.


Chapter 6

Unbeknownst to Orion, once he and his brothers left the palace, Empress Anita headed straight for the palace dungeons to see King Frederic.  It had been seventeen years since she last seen him, but she still loved him.  She knew that he had taken advantage of her emotions to escape, but she couldn’t help but love him.  She stood on an awning just inside the heavy steel door, looking over the plain black steel railing where he was sitting against the wall in front of her.  She descended the steps to her left, down to the dirt floor of the cell.  King Frederic looked up at her as she came closer, but was powerless to do anything with his wrists locked firmly to the wall above his head.  There were chains and locks hanging off the walls for other prisoners, but King Frederic and Empress Anita were the only ones there.
“What do you want?” King Frederic said haughtily.  He was defeated, but he couldn’t let go of his anger.  Empress Anita looked taken aback.
“I just came to see you.”  She looked sad, and kneeled in front of him.  King Frederic remembered how he had won her over last time, and decided to try it again.
“Let me out, Annie,” he said, completely masking his anger.  “I don’t like it here.”  He put on the saddest face he could muster.  “Please let me out.”
I can’t Frederic,” she said, looking down.  “I promised Orion I wouldn’t.”
“Annie, please,” he begged.  She shook her head apologetically.  He looked down, trying to think of what to say that would make her unlock the shackles.  She looked at him and touched his cheek, gently bringing his eyes up to meet hers.  Brushing her fingertips across his swollen eye, she released healing power into the wound, vanishing it completely.  Several minutes passed as they just sat there, staring at each other.  He tried reading her mind, but it yielded the same thing she had already said- she had promised Orion that she wouldn’t let him go.  Without either of them realizing it, she had closed the gap between them until their noses almost touched.  King Frederic suddenly had an idea to convince Empress Anita to free him.  He pressed his mouth to hers and closed his eyes.  Surprised, Empress Anita started, but then returned the kiss.  She took a hold of the back of his neck with both of her hands, getting her fingers tangled in his hair.  It was over before he knew it, and when he opened his eyes to look at her, there was something different.  He forgot where he was, that he had been arrested by his own son, and that he had to find a way out.  All he wanted was to be with Empress Anita.  He leaned over for another kiss, but she backed out of his reach.  Everything came flooding back to him as he tried to pull himself away from the wall, and felt the shackles dig into his wrists.
“I’m sorry Frederic,” she sat back and looked down, “but I can’t let you out.  I’m sorry.”  She raised her eyes to his.  He looked both scared and upset, like a child who just got caught with a hand in the cookie jar, but anger was growing inside him.  
What’s it going to take to get her to release me? He thought.  Maybe I’ll have to sleep with her again.  He didn’t like the idea, and angrily turned his head away from her.  
“I’m sorry Frederic,” Empress Anita repeated as she kissed his cheek and got up.  King Frederic watched her leave the dungeon.  
What’s wrong with her?  He thought furiously, staring at the door as it was slammed shut.  He gritted his teeth and growled.  That horrible woman.  How could she just leave me here?  He glared at the door as if expecting it to answer.  Images of Empress Anita began swirling around in his mind.  He could still smell her flowery perfume, and he liked it.
What’s wrong with me?  He wondered.  She’s the enemy.  She hates me.
No, she doesn’t, A small voice came from the back of his head.
Yes, she does, King Frederic argued with the voice, She’s a horrible witch, who only gets her pleasure from other people’s pain, especially mine.
She’s pretty, the voice argued back.
She’s ugly!  She’s the worst thing to ever happen to me, and I hate her!
No, I don’t.  Frederic sighed and licked his lips.  He could still taste her kiss.  He knew that he didn’t really hate her, and that she was really pretty.  He wanted her to come back.  He wanted to look deeply into her eyes again.  He wanted her to hold him again; to kiss him again.
It’s not to be, he thought sinking into depression, She’s the enemy.  We can’t be together, even if that’s what I wanted.  Which I don’t!  He panicked for a moment.  Images of Empress Anita began swirling in his mind again, mixed with thoughts of what his people would say if they knew.  Finally realizing that he’d never get out of the dungeon or have to worry about what the people thought, he let his mind wander wherever it pleased.  His thoughts were his only company for the rest of the day, until he drifted off into a dreamless sleep.


Chapter 7

Since the boys didn’t have studies that day, Orion began his lessons with Joshua the next morning in the courtyard.  This courtyard was set up very similar to the one back on Olhoe, with twisting, cobblestone pathways, brightly colored and fragrant flowers, tall, lush trees, and neat flowering bushes.  Lamps were stationed every few yards along the pathways, and there was a stone fountain in the center.  The fountain only had three levels, instead of five levels like the fountain on Olhoe.  Joshua began the lesson by showing Orion simple things, like creating light pictures by bending and filtering colors from the natural light.  It took Orion several hours and a lunch break before he finally filtered the color red from natural light.  It took much more energy and focus to make the light do what you wanted than Orion thought at first.  He was exhausted, so the boys decided to end the lesson for the day.
“That wasn’t too bad for your first day, bro,” Rick said as he sat down on the grass under a large oak tree.  “You should be able to get the rest of the colors in less than a week.”
“Really?” Orion looked up at Rick from where he was slumped on the grass.  Rick smiled and nodded.  “I can’t wait.” Orion began fiddling with one of his gold gauntlets.
“What are those?” Joshua asked, noticing the sun gleam off the gold.
“These?” Orion asked, holding his sleeves back.  “They’re weighted wristbands.  I have matching anklets, too.” He raised his pant cuffs to show them.
“Those are neat,” Joshua said, examining Orion’s odd jewelry, “but why are they weighted?  Wouldn’t they be more comfortable if they were light weight?”
“Probably, but then there wouldn’t be any point wearing them,” Orion explained.  His brothers exchanged looks, so Orion continued, “I use these to make myself heavier for training.  See, when I started training, the other boys were older and stronger than me.  The only way I’d be able to train with them is if I got stronger, too.  People use hand-held weights to strengthen their arms, so I tried doing that, but it wasn’t enough.  I came up with the idea of wearing weights on my wrists so that I could train with the weights while I was doing other things.  Bertha, my training instructor, took me to the royal jeweler to fashion the weights into something that would look nice.  He made these wristbands and matching anklets for me.  I started out with five pounds each, and I’m up to sixty pounds each, now.”
“Do they work?” Rick asked, “Did you get stronger than your friends?”
“Yep.  They can’t catch up to me, now,” Orion chuckled at the irony.
“Would you mind if I took your idea and wore the same?  It seems like a really good idea,” Rick said.
“I don’t mind.  The only problem with these is that they can’t get any heavier than sixty pounds.” Orion ran his fingers over a gauntlet.  “There isn’t anything heavier that these can be made out of.”
“Maybe I can help with that, bro,” Joshua said as he reached over and took Orion’s wrist.  Holding his hands over and under the gauntlet, he closed his eyes.  The gauntlet began to glow bright green, then fade and return to normal.  
“Hey, it’s heavier!” Orion exclaimed as he tested it by moving his arm around.  “How’d you do that?”
“Oh, that’s just another aspect of fysimae,” Joshua smirked.  “There’s no limit as to how heavy or light you can make something.  Now, give me the others and I’ll add another ten pounds to them, too.”  After Joshua had finished with Orion’s gauntlets, the three of them took a trip to the jeweler in the city, where both Rick and Joshua ordered wristbands and anklets similar to Orion’s.  Rick wanted a set for the weighted training, but Joshua wanted them because he thought they looked regal.  The two sets of bands would take a few weeks to make, so the boys left the jeweler’s and explored more of the city. 
Without intention, they found themselves in front of the flower shop where Sandra worked.  Orion watched her arranging potted plants on a large step shelf outside the shop’s front window.  Spotting the three boys on their horses, she abandoned her work and glided over to them.
“So how’s your little zupzie doing, Prince?” she said airily, batting her eyes at Orion.  Orion scowled.  The last thing he wanted was to remember that awful scene he made after he had dropped Star.
“She’s fine,” he said quickly, “How have you been?”
“Oh, I’m alright,” she flipped her hair over her shoulder.  “Been busy, you know?”
“Yea,” Orion didn’t really know, since he never worked a day in his life, but he didn’t want her to know that.  He tried to think of something clever to say to her, but nothing would come to mind, so he stammered, “Uh, your flowers are pretty.”
“Thanks,” she muttered, turning to the horse.  “You are such a friendly thing, aren’t you?” she cooed while rubbing the horse’s muzzle.  In return, the horse nudged her, looking for a treat.  Orion, his face growing hot from being second to a horse, climbed down and stood next to Sandra.
“You know, I picked her out from the other horses back at the palace,” he lied as he stroked the horse’s neck.
“You have good taste, Prince.”  She turned her attention back to the horse.  Orion beamed at the compliment.
“Would you...I don’t know, care for a ride?” Orion asked, feeling his face redden again.
“Orion, we don’t have time,” Rick trotted up on his horse.  “We’re supposed to meet mother for dinner in half an hour.”  Orion glared at his brother.
“And I have to get back to work,” Sandra explained, “before-,”
“Miss Sandra!” A burly voice called from the doorway.  Turning, Orion saw a man who was rather large around the middle, wearing a soiled apron over a dirty shirt and pants.  He didn’t have a beard, but stubble covered his round face.  “Did you finish with those plants?”
“No, sir,” Sandra answered.  Turning back to Orion, she said, “I need to get back to work.  I’ll see you later, then, Prince?”
“Uh, yea, sure,” Orion stammered, fiddling with the horse’s reins.  Sandra kissed him on the cheek before hurrying back inside.  Orion stared after her, sighing.
“Come on, lover boy,” Joshua’s voice startled Orion, “we gotta go home, now.  Get on your horse.”
“Uh, yea,” Orion looked around, not sure how to get on a horse.  His mind was spinning from Sandra’s kiss.  He had never been kissed before, except by his father’s wife, and that didn’t count.
“You put your foot in the stirrup, stupid,” Rick said as Orion was trying to shimmy up the reins like a rope, making his horse whinny. 
“Oops, heh, right,” Orion felt himself blush as he forced himself to pay attention to what he was doing.  Finally settled properly in the saddle, the three of them trotted their horses back to the palace.  Orion’s mind wasn’t on dinner, it was on Sandra and her kiss.  He wondered if she really did like him, or just liked the animals.  After dinner, Orion trained with Rick, showing him the exercises he did every night, and explaining how they helped him get used to the weighted gauntlets.  They trained for the rest of the night, Joshua sitting by, watching them.
Chapter 8

Orion wandered down to the courtyard the next morning.  He usually met his brothers there for fysimae lessons before their studies, but Orion couldn’t find Rick or Joshua anywhere.  The guard Orion had asked said that he hadn’t seen either of them at all that day.  Orion figured that they were just oversleeping, so he sat down on the stone bench of the waterfall to wait.  The light spray from the water made Orion shiver in the cool morning air, so he roamed over to the old oak tree.  Leaning against it’s rough bark, Orion had a nice view of the courtyard, and would be able to see his brothers no matter which way they came.  The breeze carried the fragrance of the flowers past Orion, blowing his hair and ruffling his shirt.  Orion had insisted on keeping the same style as he had back home, so the tailors created a new wardrobe for him.  However, at the insistence of Joshua, Orion’s clothes were a bit more fancy.  The outfit he wore was his usual white, but with rubies studded around the sleeve cuffs, down the sides of the pants, and down the edges of the front of the shirt.  He still wore the shirt open, which Joshua laughed at.  He had matching boots, with rubies studded down the outside of each, from the top to the heel.
Orion sighed as he fidgeted with one of the rubies on his shirt.  He didn’t understand what was taking his brothers so long.  He wanted to go find out, but figured that he wouldn’t be able to find their rooms.  A gardener came out to water the plants in the courtyard, carrying a watering can and pulling a wagon full of potted plants to be planted.
“Good morning,” Orion said as he trotted up to the gardener.
“Oh!” the gardener exclaimed, startled by Orion’s approach and spilling water on himself.  “Good morning, Prince.  And how are you on this beautiful morning?”
“Fine, thanks,” Orion replied, “Have you seen my brothers?  They were supposed to meet me here an hour ago.”
“Ah, well, Prince Rick has private studies today.  You probably won’t see him until dinner,” he answered.
“Private studies?”  Orion asked, “What’s that?”
“I’m not too sure, Prince.  I don’t know what he studies, just that he does it outside the palace.  I guess he’s trying to prepare for the day he becomes emperor.”
“I guess so.  What about Josh?”
“You should be able to find Prince Joshua in the library, although I believe he’s already read every book in the palace.”
“Alright, thanks,” Orion said as he started off.  He found his way to the library easily enough, since it was located in the same place as the library on Olhoe.  Sure enough, he found Joshua sitting behind a table piled with books.  He looked up as Orion approached.
“Oh, there you are, Orion,” Joshua said as Orion took a seat next to his brother.  “I was wondering where you were.”
“How about outside?” Orion asked sarcastically, crossing his arms, “Waiting for you and Rick to show up?”
“Oh, oops,” Joshua grinned sheepishly at Orion, “I guess I forgot to tell you about Rick’s private studies, huh?”  Orion frowned.  “I’ll take that as a ‘yes.’  Sorry, bro.  Rick takes a day every week for his private studies.  I’m never allowed to go with him.”
“That’s okay.  What does Rick study when he’s by himself?”
“Who knows?” Joshua shrugged, turning back to his open book, “He never tells me or mother, or anyone.  It’s all some big mystery.”
“Uh-huh,” Orion looked around the large library.  There were shelves filled with books covering every wall, except for the one opposite the door.  That wall had a gigantic window that started at the floor and towered above them to the ceiling, three stories high.  There were purple satin drapes with gold trim drawn back to let the light in.  Orion could tell that these drapes were for show only, since they would be too thin to darken the room. The main room was domed, with wings going off to either side of the window.  The ceiling was painted with baby angels playing among the clouds.  Large marble columns stood at the four corners of the main room, and were capped by cloud-shaped marble, giving the illusion that they were part of the painting on the ceiling.  Orion couldn’t see any stairs, but he saw that there were two more levels in the library, each with a large opening around the window.
“But you know what I think?” Joshua continued, not taking his eyes off of his book, “I think Rick has a girlfriend out there that he goes to see every week.  He’s just too shy to tell anyone.”
“You’re probably right, Josh,” Orion answered, still taking the library in.  The one back home was bigger, and had four levels instead of three, but this one was no less amazing.
“So anyway,” Joshua said, folding the book and setting it on one of the stacks on the table, “Would you like to learn more fysimae today, even though Rick’s not here?”
“Sure!” Orion exclaimed.  He couldn’t wait to learn all there was to know.


Chapter 9

“What of this new development, Boss?” a man said as others gathered around the small table in a dimly lit room.
“Yes, what’ll we do about the telblec prince?” a woman asked.  “He’s pretty cute, you know.”
“Calm down, everyone,” Boss said, looking at his followers, “ and don’t get too distracted by his looks, Natalie.  We still don’t know too much about him, next to his severe case of pyrophobia, which we have you to thank, Mac.  The prince may still prove useful.”
“How is that possible?” Mac asked, raising his voice.  “Telblecs are the enemy, and must be done away with.”
“But he’s half lunimorf,” another man spoke up, “Isn’t he?”
“That’s true, Bryan,” Mac answered, “but he’s also half telblec, and the heir to the throne, no less.  He must be done away with.”
“If that’s true, then what about Prince Joshua?” Natalie asked, “That would mean that Prince Joshua is half telblec, too.”
“Prince Joshua is a pushover,” Boss explained, “and can be easily dealt with at any time.  Prince Orion, on the other hand, grew up among the telblecs, and from what I’ve heard, is possibly stronger than the average telblec warrior.”
“Stronger?” Bryan exclaimed, cowering in his chair, “how is that possible?  Telblecs have always been stronger than lunimorves, and the prince is only half telblec.  How could he be stronger than a pure-blooded telblec?”
“Not to mention that he’s half blind,” Mac added, grinning.
“I’ve also heard that he’s been in training ever since he lost his eye, some nine or ten years ago,” Boss said, glaring at Mac.
“Then we have to move quickly,” Bryan said, “before he gets any stronger.”
“We will wait,” Boss reprimanded his follower, “until we know which side he’s on.  Did you know that he put his own father in the dungeon?”
“Yea, I had heard about that, too.” Mac said, “Do you think that means he’s on our side?”
“Like I said before,” Boss said, exasperated.  He had a lot to think about what with Prince Orion showing up unexpectedly at the palace and upsetting their plans, “we’ll have to wait and see.”


Chapter 10

The boys kept the same schedule over the next several weeks.  They would begin with Orion’s fysimae lessons in the morning, then take a lunch break.  After their lunch break, they would resume their daily studies with their teachers until dinner with Empress Anita.  After dinner, Orion and Rick would train Orion’s way until they went to bed.  Oftentimes, they would take a few hours off to enjoy the city.  Once a week, however, Rick would disappear to see his girlfriend, as Joshua claimed.  Orion learned some things quickly, but others took longer.  He got the hang of making three dimensional pictures out of light right away, but struggled with shape shifting.  He enjoyed playing pranks on the servants by changing the weight of different things.  By disguising fire with colors and shapes, Orion got used to the flames being in the same room with him.  He still was afraid of regular fire, though.  
Every evening, the boys  would meet their mother for dinner.  Orion and Joshua would discuss the day’s lessons and practice, and brag about how he was getting better.  Rick joined in, but Empress Anita usually kept quiet.  She seemed to be growing sadder with every passing day.
“What’s wrong, Mother?” Rick asked one evening, noticing that she hadn’t touched her dinner.  Joshua and Orion stopped talking and looked at her, waiting for an answer.  
“It’s nothing,” she said airily, as if it was normal for her to not eat.
“It’s not nothing, Anita,” Orion stated.  He hadn’t quite got used to calling her ‘mother,’ yet.  “You’ve been so quiet lately, and you haven’t eaten a bite.”
“Well, it’s just that-,” She tried to make up some excuse, but none came to her.  “I’m worried about Frederic, that’s all,” she sighed.
“Why?” Orion demanded.  He had forgotten that his father was still locked up in the dungeon.
“He’s not well,” she looked at Orion.  “He’s sick, and he’s not eating.  He’s so thin, his ribs are showing.  If he stays there too much longer, he-” she paused and looked down.
“He what?” Orion was getting angry.  He couldn’t believe that she still cared for his father after all he had done.  Empress Anita looked at him, tears welling up in her eyes.
“He’s going to die, Orion,” she said, half crying, half angry.  “Yes, I’ve been visiting him, Orion.  You never said I couldn’t.”  Orion was taken aback, his anger vanishing completely.  He hated his father, but did he want him to die?
Surely not!  Orion thought, After all, he’s still my father.  Orion looked down.
“Excuse me.” Empress Anita got up and left the room, leaving the boys there.  She made her way down to the dungeons, and into his cell.  King Frederic didn’t look up this time as she descended the stairs and crossed the dirt floor to him.
“Frederic?” She lifted his head as he opened his eyes.  He smiled weakly at her, resting his head in her hands.  He doesn’t even have the strength to hold his head up, she thought, horrified.  She looked him over.  His clothes were filthy and torn.  His skin was pale and clammy, and his eyes were droopy.  His hair hung limp and matted with caked up dirt over his shoulders.  He had a full beard and mustache that hung five inches below his chin, and stuck out in all directions.  His breath was short and wheezy.   He was glad she was there, though.  Her visits were the only thing he had to look forward to.
She’s so pretty.  She’s beautiful, he thought as he looked at her, but she looks so sad.  Why is she sad?
“Oh, Frederic,” she said as if reading his mind, “I’m so sorry.  I wish I could let you out.  I wish I could make you well again.  I wish we could be together.  I wish-” she looked down, tears streaming down her face.
“Annie,” King Frederic whispered.  He smiled as she met his eyes.  “Don’t worry about me.”  His voice was barely audible, “I’m paying for all the horrible things I’ve done.  I’m not going it make it out of here, but I’m glad you’re with me now.”
Don’t talk like that, Frederic,” Anita said, panicking.  “You’re not going to die here.  Not like this,”  She sobbed.  “I’ll- I can’t- I love you, Frederic!”  She fell, crying, onto his shoulders, and wept into his neck.  “I won’t let you die, Frederic, I won’t!”  She kissed his neck and felt his pulse.  It was very weak, making her sob harder and squeeze him tighter.  She would have been content to stay there with him forever, but a guard opened the door and called her away with an emergency elsewhere.
“Don’t you dare leave me, Frederic.  Don’t you dare,” she said as she left the cell.
“I’m sorry, Annie,” he whispered as she left.  He heard the door slam shut. “I love you, too.”
Not too long after she had left, King Frederic heard the door open.  Is she back again? He wondered, trying his best to lift his head.  The person standing on the awning looked a lot like Empress Anita. 
“Annie?” he asked weakly.
“No,” came a very familiar voice. It was the last person he had expected to see.
“Orion?” King Frederic whispered, “Is that really you?”
“Anita was right,” Orion said as he descended the steps, “you are a mess.  What do you think, Doctor?” Orion turned towards another man who had followed him in.
“Vell,” the doctor said with a strong accent, “Hees look very ill.  I check hees pulse.”  The doctor placed a finger to the side of King Frederic’s neck, and also pressed a stethoscope against his wrist. “Hees pulse ees very weak.  I check hees heart.”  He put the stethoscope to King Frederic’s chest.  “Hees heart ees strained.  Eet ees trying to shut down.  Hees is very theen.  Hees ribs ees poking out.  I check hees ears, eyes, and throat.”  After a few minutes, the doctor put his equipment back into the bag he had brought, and shook his head.
“Well?”  Orion was getting impatient, “How is he?”
“Hees is very ill, Majesty.”  The doctor shook his head again.  “Hees vill not live.  Hees vill die soon.”  The doctor got up to leave, but Orion stood in his way.
“If he dies, then so will you.” Orion grabbed his jacket and pulled him close.  “Get it?”
“Yees, majesty,” the doctor said fearfully, “I geet it, I do.  I geev heem medicine, yees?” The doctor knelt back down in front of King Frederic and searched his bag.  He pulled out a needle and a bottle of clear liquid.  He proceeded to fill the needle halfway with the strange liquid.
“What’s that?” Orion asked.
“Eet is medicine, Majesty.  Eet vill strengtheen hees heart for a short time.”  He stuck the needle into King Frederic’s neck and drained it.  He then pulled out another bottle of a bright orange substance that wasn’t quite liquid, but wasn’t solid, either.  He poured the orange medicine into a cup, filling it to the brim.  “Thees vill make heem feel better.  Drink,” he said to King Frederic, holding the cup to his lips.  Frederic was vaguely aware that they were there, and that he was being given something to drink.  The strange liquid was cold and flavorless, but soothing to his dry, scratchy throat.  The doctor wrapped the empty cup and the syringe in plastic before placing both back into his bag.  “Hees needs to be in thee hospeetal weeng.  Thee dungeen ees feelthy.  You have guards breeng heem up, yees Majesty?”
“Alright.” Orion took the stairs two at a time, and banged on the door.  Guards immediately opened the door from the outside.  “Get him up to the hospital wing, pronto!” he yelled at the guards, pointing behind him at his father.  They rushed in, unlocked the shackles, and carried him to the hospital wing, with Orion and the doctor not far behind.  
He can’t die.  He can’t!  Orion thought miserably.  He’s been so horrible to me, but I can’t stand to see him like this. They had reached the hospital wing.  The guards placed King Frederic on an empty bed and left to return to their posts.  Orion sat in a corner and watched as the doctor and several nurses hooked his father up with wires and tubes, stuck needles in him and cleaned him up.
“Vee vill have to shave heem, Majesty,” the doctor commented.
“Then do it!”  Orion shouted, losing his patience again.  He looked on as they first took scissors to cut away all of King Frederic’s long, curly locks, and then used an electric razor to make him completely bald.  They cut his clothes off and scrubbed off all the filth that had clung to him.  They wrapped bandages around his wrists, and hooked up IV, feeding, and breathing tubes.  After what seemed like hours, they pulled a blanket up to his chest and left the room.  
“I don’t understand, Doctor,” Orion got up and approached his father, “can’t you just heal him?”
“I ees sorry, Majesty,” the doctor stood beside Orion, gazing at King Frederic, “I cannot heal heem.”
“Why not?” Orion demanded, turning to the doctor.
“Please, Majesty,” the doctor took a step backwards, “Eet is not posseeble to heal an unconscious man.”  He looked down at his patient, “I must wait unteel hees is awake and has enough energy, or I vill be doing more harm than good.” Orion gave him a quizzical look.  “Eef hees has not enough energy, thee strain of healing may keel heem.”
“Kill him?  Healing?” Orion was flabbergasted.  “I had no idea that healing was so dangerous.”
“Eet ees only dangeerous vith large wounds and serious diseases. Theer ees no dangeer een healing a scratch.  I have done eveerything I can to save heem.  I steel do not theenk hees vill make eet.”  The doctor left Orion alone.
He will make it,  Orion thought, he has to!  Tears welled up in his eyes and trickled down his face.  He stayed there by his father’s side the entire night, and didn’t budge until the doctor came back the next day and convinced him to meet his brothers for their daily studies.

*****

“He’s getting better, Orion.” Empress Anita said.  They were gathered around the dinner table.  It had been almost two weeks since Orion brought a doctor to see his father and took him up to the hospital wing.
“Yea?” Orion wasn’t looking forward to talking about his father.  Rick wanted to take him and Joshua on another trip to the city, and Orion wanted to discuss places to go.
“Yes. You should stop by and see him.” She looked down at her half-empty plate.  Ever since Orion had told his mother what he had done, she had been feeling a lot better and eating properly again.
“Maybe later.  So Ricky,” Orion changed the subject, “can we stop by the park and go fishing tomorrow?”
“He should be healthy enough to return to Olhoe tomorrow.”  Empress Anita pressed on.
“Great.” Orion could tell she wasn’t going to let the subject drop that easily.  “That means that he’s gonna be out of my hair,” he said exasperated.  “Now then, Ricky-”
“We’ve been talking a lot, you know.”  Orion gave her an ‘I couldn’t care less’ look, but she ignored him.  “He told me that you’re going to be king in less than four years.”
“Is that true, Orion?” Joshua asked.  Orion nodded sheepishly.  “That’s so cool!”
“Yea, and when I become emperor,” Rick joined in, “we can join forces and finally end this stupid war!  Right, Orion?”
“Geez, you guys are so lucky.  I’m never gonna be king or emperor, or anything.” Joshua whined.
“Well, actually,” Empress Anita spoke up, “neither is Rick.”  The three boys stared at her.
“What do you mean, Mother?” Rick asked.
“Yea, Mother,” Joshua was confused.  “Rick’s the oldest, so he’s gonna inherit the empire after you, right?”  Orion just wore a quizzical expression, but didn’t say anything.
“Let me explain, boys.” Empress Anita held up her hands for silence.  “Like I said, Frederic and I have been talking, and, well,” she paused, unsure of what she was about to say.  “We think that the only way to end the telblec-lunimorf war is to unite the two kingdoms under a single king.”  The boys stared at her, so she continued.  “We both agree that Orion should be that king, and so I’ve decided that he should inherit Lunspae as well as Olhoe on his twentieth birthday.”  Joshua didn’t quite understand what she said, Orion was too shocked to speak, but Rick was furious.
“How could you?!” he stood up and shouted from across the table.  “Lunspae belongs to me!  It’s my inheritance; it’s my birthright!”
“Rick-” Empress Anita began.
“No, Mother!  It’s not fair!  It’s not-” Tears welled up in Rick’s eyes.  He knocked his chair over and ran out of the dining hall.  She, Orion, and Joshua watched him go.
“You know, Anita,” Orion spoke softly, breaking the uneasy silence, “I don’t have to be king of Lunspae.  Ricky and I can make peace between us.”
“Your father and I had discussed that, Orion.”  Empress Anita looked unsettled.  “Let’s say that you are king and Rick is emperor.  You two make peace, and everything is hunky-dory, right?”  Orion nodded.  “Now what about your children?  What if they don’t get along?  Or how about your grandchildren?  They could re-start the war.”  The realization of what she said hit Orion like lightning.  “This way, with the two kingdoms united under one king, there won’t be any competition for power.”  She paused and eyed Orion.  “Besides, you, nor Rick, have any choice.  Lunspae belongs to me for the time being, and I may give it to whomever I wish.”  She settled back into her chair, taking a long drink from a silver chalice.
I’m going to be king of Lunspae? Orion thought, half horrified, half excited.
And Olhoe!  Don’t forget Olhoe!
I’m going to be king of Olhoe and Lunspae?  Will I be able to handle it?  Orion looked at his hands, as if he’d find the answer there.  Wait, what about Ricky?  He’s so mad, he’s probably gonna hate me for this.
“Excuse me,” Orion said quietly, and left the dining hall.


Chapter 11

“I have some... disturbing news,” Boss said, agitated.  He was sitting with his followers in the dimly lit room again.  
“What is it, sir?” Natalie asked, laying a hand on Boss’s shoulder to comfort him.  She didn’t like to see him so upset.
“Prince Orion has become more than just a minor annoyance,” Boss said, looking at each of his followers in turn.  “He must be eliminated.”
“What happened?” Mac asked, curious as to why the prince, who had seemed such a little bump in the road at first, had become such a large obstacle all of a sudden.
“The empress has decided to name Prince Orion emperor of Lunspae on his twentieth birthday,” Boss lowered his eyes, “That’s in less than four years.”
“What!” Bryan exclaimed, “She can’t do that!  What about-,”
“She did,” Boss shot him a murderous look, “which means that Prince Orion must be done away with, to clear up the throne for the true emperor.”
“But why would she do that?” Bryan asked, “Do you think that it has anything to do with Prince Orion being a prince of both worlds?”
“Yes, that’s it, exactly,” Boss took a deep breath, “Which means that if Prince Orion’s killed, there’s the possibility that she’ll want Prince Joshua to be emperor in his place.”
“Does that mean that we’ll have to kill them both?” Natalie asked.
“Maybe, maybe not,” Boss folded his hands and set his elbows on the table.  “Prince Joshua is not our main concern at this point in time.  But Prince Orion,” Boss let his voice trail off.  Anger began creeping on his face.  He stood up suddenly, beat his fist on the table, and shouted, “I want him dead!  Do you hear me?  I want his head on a platter!”
“Yes, Boss,” the three followers said in unison.


Chapter 12

Orion woke up to an excited Star bouncing and crawling all over him.  He leaned on his elbow, watching her as she zoomed this way and that.  He chuckled at her behavior, shaking his head and getting up.  Orion was used to his little pet acting that way when he awoke.  He dressed slowly, watching his little furball play on his bed.  Yawning and slipping his arm into the sleeve of his shirt, he pushed the bedroom door open.
“Good morning!” Joshua said, jumping in Orion’s face.
“Yaa!” Orion replied, startled.  He stumbled and fell backwards, ripping his shirt as his arms flew out behind him.  “Josh!  What are you doing here?”  Orion asked as he got up, taking his shirt off and assessing the damage.
“It’s about time you got up, bro!  Don’t you know what today is?”  Josh bounced around as Orion bunched up his torn shirt.  Orion watched his brother act similar to the way Star acted.  He wondered if their strange behavior had to do with living on the moon, and wondered if he would end up bouncing around the same way.  
“Come in!” Orion called to a knock on the door, not taking his eyes off of his brother.
“Morning, Orion,” Rick said calmly as he entered, Morning, bouncy,” he said to Joshua, who hadn’t stopped yet.  Orion was relieved to see that Rick hadn’t gone crazy like Joshua.
“What’s wrong with him?” Orion asked as Josh began to slow from fatigue.
“Nothing,” Rick replied, “He’s just excited because of the festival today.  Josh, stop that nonsense before you hurt yourself!”
“Festival?”  Orion’s eyes brightened.  He had always enjoyed the festivals back on Olhoe.
“He always gets crazy when the harvest festival begins,” Rick sighed and took Orion’s shirt, throwing it at Joshua.
“Hey!” Joshua hollered as the shirt hit him in the face.  He calmed down and walked over to Orion and Rick.  “Why do you always wear white, Orion?”
“I don’t know,” Orion shrugged, “I guess because it’s the only color that doesn’t make me look too pale.  You see,” Orion continued at his brothers’ confused expressions, “I’ve always stood out on Olhoe because of my skin and hair colors.  I spend lots of time in the sun trying to darken my skin, and wearing white makes it look even darker.”
“Hmm,” Joshua said, stroking his chin and looking sideways at Orion, “Well, you don’t have to worry about your skin color making you stick out here, bro.  I think it’s time you tried some different colors!  How about it?  We can get the tailor to make you a new outfit, the same open-shirt style that you like, but maybe black?  You’re so tan, you’re darker than most lunimorves.  The black clothes will lighten your skin a bit.  Besides, you need a new outfit to wear to the festival!”  Joshua got all excited and bouncy again.
After being fitted and changing into new, black clothes, Rick took Orion and Joshua out into the city to enjoy the harvest festival.  Joshua had insisted that Orion’s new outfit have nearly invisible swirls all over it, swirls that would catch the sun’s rays and reflect silvery rainbow.  Joshua had also changed the color of Orion’s gauntlets to silver to match, and had given him a silver crown studded with sapphires.  Gazing at himself in his new attire, Orion realized that Joshua had a talent for style.
In the city, there were people everywhere, crowding into every available corner.  They all made way for the three princes to come through.  After a quick glance around, Orion guessed that the festival was very much like the harvest festival back on Olhoe.  There was singing and dancing, with professional dancers on a stage, games for children, puppet shows, jesters, and people showing off their prized fruits and vegetables.  Rick took Orion over to a long table where several samples of different kinds of food sat.  It was a taste competition.  The princes were given free samples of pumpkin pie as they continued on their way.  Orion watched as beautiful women danced in festive dresses on a stage.  He thought he recognized Sandra as one of the dancers, but an announcement caught Orion’s attention before he could be certain.  
“The foot races are about to begin!” an announcer cried over the noise of the crowd, “Entries please report to the race track!”
“Wanna go watch?” Rick asked, taking Orion by the arm and pulling him over to the race track without waiting for an answer.  They were seated in a makeshift royal box near the start and finish lines of the track.  
“On your mark!” the announcer cried, “Get set!  Go!” As the racers took off like lightning, fighting each other to be first, another competitor, practicing for the archery contest near the racetrack, spun his bow around and shot an arrow directly at Orion.  Both Orion and Joshua cried out in surprise as the arrow missed it’s mark and hit the edge of the royal box with a thunk.  Before Orion could begin to guess where the arrow came from, some palace guards, who were watching over the festivities, were roughly brining the guilty archer toward the princes.
“I’m so sorry, your majesties!” the archer cried as he flung himself, face down in the dirt.  By now, the audience that had gathered to watch the foot race were watching the guards, their prisoner, and Orion intently.  Even the racers gave up their race to watch.  
“Your Majesty,” one guard said haughtily, “This is the man who tried to shoot you.”  He pulled the archer up by his shirt and pushed him into the edge of the royal box.  
“No, no, no,” the archer stammered as he caught his breath, “I wasn’t trying to shoot you, I was practicing for the archery contest tomorrow.”
“The targets are the other way, Archer,” the guard said.  “The only reason you would be shooting in this direction is if you were planning an assassination, a crime punishable by death.”
“No, please!  Have mercy, Prince,” the archer said, turning from Orion to the guard and back to Orion, “and hear me out.”
“Let’s have it then,” Rick said angrily.  With a quick glance at Rick, the archer nodded his thanks.
“You see, I was practicing for the archery contest, and I, well,” the archer seemed to search for the right words, “I slipped.  I have a bad ankle, you see,” he added quickly bringing his left foot up and patting his ankle, “and just as I was about to shoot, my ankle gave out and I twisted as I fell, loosing the arrow as I fell.  I’m so sorry!”
“Likely story,” the guard said.  “Let’s be off for your sentence.”
“No!  Please!  It was an accident!  I swear!” the archer cried as the guard caught hold of him again.
“Wait,” Orion said as he stepped out of the royal box.  Both the guard and the archer turned at Orion’s voice.  “I believe him.  Let him go.”  The guard stared at Orion for a minute before nodding and releasing his prisoner.
“As you wish, your majesty,” the guard bowed and led his team back to their posts.
“Oh, thank you, thank you, your majesty!” the archer folded his hands together and bowed over and over.  “I am eternally in your debt.  Thank you.”
“Yea, yea,” Rick said, waving the archer away.  “Be off with you.  We have a race to enjoy.”  With a final bow, the archer took off, glad to be free.  
After a few confusing minutes, the racers assembled to race again.  Orion cheered with the rest of the crowd who had gathered to watch the race as one of the racers crossed the finish line.  He had forgotten all about the arrow as Rick and Joshua led him around the festival for the rest of the day.  Orion was certain this festival wasn’t too different from the harvest festival back home.  After a few hours of meeting the people, Orion, Joshua, and Rick stopped at one of the various food stands.
“How come Mother isn’t here with us?” Orion asked through a mouthful of turkey pie.
“She never comes to the festivals,” Joshua answered.  “I’m not sure why, though.  I guess she just doesn’t like them or something.”
“Oh,” Orion took another bite.  He had always enjoyed the harvest festival back on Olhoe, even though he couldn’t go wherever he wanted, and had to stay in a carriage with his father the entire time.  He was still able to see the performers and sample all kinds of pies and cakes, as long as he stayed in the carriage, which was surrounded by guards and warriors at all times.  He remembered his father scowling the entire time, too.  Orion figured that his father thought the festivals were a silly waste of time, but he had to be there, as a social obligation to the people.  Orion shrugged his thoughts away and took another big bite of turkey pie, enjoying this festival with his brothers.

*****

The clang of swords rang out throughout the courtyard of the palace on Lunspae a few days after the festival was over.  The festival had lasted a week, and Orion stayed out with his brothers each day, but now that it was over, they returned to their usual schedule.  Orion was learning to master sword fighting with his two brothers instructing him.
“Dodge, parry!” Rick called out as Orion and Joshua battled, “that’s it, Orion!  You’re really getting the hang of this.  Thrust, parry!”  A little slip and a dull smack of cold steel hitting Orion’s breastplate told them all that it was break time.  “That was a good try, Orion.”
“Thanks, Ricky.”
“Why are you calling me ‘Ricky’ all of a sudden?  My name is Rick.”
“I don’t know.”
“Well, don’t.  I don’t like it, Orion.”
“Okay, Ricky.”
“I said, don’t call me ‘Ricky!’”
“Whatever you say, Ricky.”  Orion smiled.  Rick sighed and dropped the subject, realizing that he couldn’t out-argue Orion, and went to get water for the three of them.
“So what happened to our father?” Joshua asked, slumping down on a concrete bench and wiping the sweat off his brow.
“Well, what else?” Orion was still upset when it came to his father.  “Once the doctor healed him, I took him to the dock, gave him a ship, and sent him back to Olhoe.  I warned him that if he ever returned, I’d keep him in the dungeon until he rots.”  Joshua looked at Orion with contempt, but it changed to fear quickly when he seen the anger creeping into Orion’s eyes.  Just then, Rick trotted up to them.
“Here ya go,” Rick said, handing out the water bottles.  He took a long swig, but Orion, wanting to get the best of his brother, squirted Joshua, hitting him in the face.
“Hey!” Joshua yelled in surprise.  Rick snorted in laughter, but, his mouth being full, water ended up spraying out of his nose.  He sputtered and coughed, and squirted Orion with his bottle.  Instead of relaxing, the three boys started a water battle, each squirting the others, and getting soaked in the process.  Soon, they had run out of water.
“Orion, how’s that pyrophobia of yours coming?” Rick asked as he settled down on the grass under a tree, wishing that he had saved some water to drink.
“Okay, I guess.” Orion joined him, leaning against the tree.  Joshua hung on a low branch and started to swing.  “I can make a small fire on my hand and candles don’t bother me much anymore, but-” he paused, slightly embarrassed, “I still can’t stand larger fires.”
“Then let’s work on that now,” Rick suggested, “You’re not taking over Lunspae if you can’t handle fire.”
“Ricky-,” Orion began sympathetically but Rick held up his hand for silence.
“Don’t worry about it, bro.  I’ve thought about it, and mother’s right.  Unless the kingdoms become joined under one king, war might surface again down the line.  One of us has to be that king.  Now then, let’s see you make a fire.”  The three of them stayed out, conjuring fires and turning them colors until late.


Chapter 13

The next day, Rick disappeared early for his private studies, so Orion met Joshua in the library.  Oddly enough, Joshua didn’t already have a stack of books out to read.  Instead, he was standing by the window, his back to Orion, and gazing out into the sunrise.
“Hey, Josh, what’s up?  Mind if I join you?” Orion asked, approaching his brother.
“Good morning, Orion,” Josh yawned.  “How about we take off to the city today?”
“You mean without Rick?” A sly smile crept on Orion’s face at the thought of sneaking out without his other brother.
“Yea,” Josh looked over at Orion.  “You know, I’ve never been allowed outside the palace by myself, so I had always assumed that I had to go with Rick.  But now that you’re here, we don’t have to wait for Rick,” his smile widened, “Let’s go!”
“All right!” Orion exclaimed as he turned to go.  The two of them raced through the halls of the palace, and down to the stables.  Saddling their horses, they took off for the city.  Orion didn’t feel any different, but Joshua was giddy at the thought of being out without Rick.
“Let’s go over there, Orion,” Joshua pointed off to his left, “Or how about there?” He pointed in front of him, “Or there?” he said, pointing to the right.  Orion thought he was behaving like a child who had the choice of cookies, candy, or ice cream for desert, and couldn’t decide.
“How about over here?” a girl’s voice rang out, making both brothers turn.  Sandra stepped off the sidewalk and up to them.  She was wearing a long, tan coat over a light purple shirt with string straps, black shorts, and thin, black boots.  Orion had never seen her away from the flower shop before.  As if reading his mind, she said, “I don’t have to work today.”
“Great,” Orion said, smiling down at her.
“So, are you going to stare at me, or are you going to come down off that horse and walk with me?”
“Oh, uh, right,” Orion kicked himself mentally for not thinking of that himself.  He dismounted a little too quickly and slipped on the cobblestone street.  She giggled as he got up, grinning sheepishly, and feeling his face get hot.
“You can tie your horse over here,” she gestured to a pole with another horse tied to it.  Orion nodded and tied his horse up.
“I’ll meet you two back here, then?” Joshua asked, eager to be on his own.
“Sure, bro,” Orion answered.  He wasn’t looking at his brother, but staring at Sandra.  After Josh had trotted away, Sandra led Orion through the streets, and away from the main rush.
“How about a walk in the park, Prince?” she asked, batting her eyes, “Or may I call you by your name?
“Uh,” Orion just grinned while the rest of him stiffened at Sandra’s touch.  
“I’ll take that as a ‘yes’,” she giggled as she wrapped her arms around one of his and led him to the park.  Orion wasn’t paying attention as to where they were going, but he realized that the buildings in the city had been replaced by trees, and the cobblestone streets had been replaced with a dirt pathway.  Sandra sighed, shifting her arm from around Orion’s arm to his back, and finally settling around Orion’s waist.  Orion held his breath.  She sighed again, allowing the fingers from her other hand unwind from Orion’s arm and play across his chest, and follow the edge of his shirt down to his navel before letting her arm drop back to her side.  Orion tensed so much that it hurt to walk.  She sighed again, resting her head on his shoulder.  Orion realized he was holding his breath and let it out in a ‘whoosh.’  Sandra giggled.  Orion couldn’t look at her.  He just stared straight ahead.
“Oh, look!” Sandra lifted her head and pointed towards some bramble at the edge of several trees, “Berries!” she exclaimed, pulling him off the path.  Orion couldn’t see anything but green.  In fact, there wasn’t anyone else around at all.  He could only see the trees and grass, the light brown footpath, and a bit of blue sky through the leaves of the trees above.  Bird songs were the only things he heard.  The world smelled damp and refreshing, with a hint of freshly mowed grass still lingering in the air.
As they approached, Orion could see small, dark red spots among the weeds.  Sandra picked some and held out her hand for Orion to try one.  His mouth exploded with the flavor of the berry.  Sandra giggled at Orion’s surprised expression, and picked some more.
“These are really good,” Orion said, reaching to pick his own, “what kind of berries are they?”
“They’re called ‘bramble berries,’ because they grow on thorny bushes.  Careful not to prick your finger,” she said without looking up.  Orion could easily see the large, black thorns growing out of the red stems of the bramble berry bushes.  Sandra continued, “These berries are wild, and haven’t been pumped up with water like domestic berries are, that’s why they taste better.”  Orion had gathered a handful and began popping them into his mouth one at a time.  He gazed down at Sandra, on her knees, picking more.  He thought he heard an odd click somewhere in the distance.
Pain exploded in Orion’s left shoulder and shot down his arm as he bent to pick some more berries.  He shouted as he fell backwards, more from shock than pain.  He heard Sandra scream and cover her head as someone leapt out of the brambles in front of them.  Orion rolled out of the way of his attacker, who was dressed all in green to blend in with the area.  Even his face was covered.  He had a short sword in one hand, and a knife in the other.  
He rushed at Orion, swinging the sword.  Orion bent over, grabbed the dagger Rick had bought him, and blocked the sword’s wide arc just in time.  The man in green thrust up with his knife and caught Orion in the leg.  Orion grunted as the man in green twisted the knife before pulling it out.  Blood gushed out of the wound on Orion’s leg, soaking his pants and the ground, as Orion fell to one knee.  The attacker turned the sword around in his hand, preparing to stab his victim, but a shout from someone coming around the bend in the path halted him.  He glared down at Orion before leaping back into the brambles and out of sight.
Sandra cried for help to the people entering the small clearing as Orion watched the man in green bound away.  Breathing deeply, Orion managed to sit up on the blood-soaked grass, holding his leg where he had been stabbed.  Sandra grabbed Orion around his neck and sobbed so hard he thought she might have a heart attack.  He reached up to hug her, but the pain in his left shoulder prevented it.  He gasped at the pain and held his shoulder instead.  He felt a thin, straight stick poking out of his shirt and tried pulling it before he realized that it was the source of his pain.  He gasped again.
“Oh, Orion!” Sandra cried, hugging him tighter, “I was so afraid!  Are you okay?  That guy... the guy in green, he-,” she cried harder, burying her face in his good shoulder.
“What happened?” a man asked as he jogged up to where Orion and Sandra were sitting, “Are you two okay?” He stopped short and gasped at the sight of the blood.  A woman came right up beside the man, panting.  Taking everything in, she quickly sprang into action, grabbing Orion’s dagger and using it to cut the hem of her long skirt.  After the cut was started, she dropped the dagger and tore a strip off of her dress and tied it tightly around Orion’s leg, over the wound.  Orion flinched as the cloth squeezed his sore leg.  Having accomplished that, she turned to inspect Orion’s shoulder.
“It would be better if the arrow wasn’t removed until you got to the hospital, sir,” she said.  Orion guessed that she didn’t realize that Orion was a prince.  In fact, Orion hadn’t worn a crown or anything fancy on this trip like he did in the past.  “Let me help you up.”  Orion smiled at her, but winced as he tried putting weight on his sore leg.  Before he had a chance to collapse, she grabbed his good arm, pulling him up and helping him balance on his uninjured leg.
“Thanks,” Orion muttered as Sandra took the woman’s place, helping to hold Orion up.
Without warning, the man grabbed Orion’s good wrist and twisted his arm behind his back with one hand as he brought Orion’s dagger up to his throat.  Orion staggered, but the man kept Orion on his feet.  Orion gasped and Sandra screamed as the woman pulled the two apart.  
“Now, you die, Prince Orion, like you should have done years ago,” the man sneered in a terrifyingly familiar voice, his face next to Orion’s ear.  Orion’s mind was racing.  He could smell a rancid stench coming from the man’s breath, and feel the scratchiness of the man’s unshaven face against his jaw.  The dagger’s blade was cold against his bare throat.  Without thinking, Orion grabbed the man’s wrist with his sore arm and threw his weight forward, bending over, and lifting the man off the ground and over his head.  The dagger raked Orion’s flesh just below his collarbone, making him cry out.  Trying to catch himself with his sore leg, Orion collapsed, landing on his good arm with a grunt.  The man had been thrown on top of the woman, knocking her down with a shout.  Orion, trying his best to ignore the scream of pain in his leg, scooped up his dagger, grabbed Sandra, and fled back the way they came. 
 He hadn’t paid attention where they were going when Sandra led him to the park, so he had no idea where he was headed.  Eventually, the trees were replaced by buildings, and the bird’s songs were replaced by chatting people and hoof beats on the cobblestone streets.  Orion, confident that they lost their attackers and weak from the fight, leaned against a stone wall and slid down until he was sitting there, trying to catch his breath.  Sandra, too, was panting at their encounter.  Fatigue began overtaking Orion and he struggled to stay awake, but the pain from his wounds overtook him and he blacked out.


Chapter 14

“Well, what have you got to report?” Boss said, taking his seat at the table.  His followers glanced at each other.
“We did exactly as you said, Boss,” Bryan said.  “I hid behind the brambles with the crossbow where the berries grew, and attacked when Prince Orion and the girl came close.”
“Good, good,” Boss nodded, “And what about you two?”
“Well,” Mac exchanged a nervous glance with Natalie.
“We waited just around the bend in the path, like you told us to,” she said, “and we came running when we heard the girl scream, just like we were supposed to.  We tried to comfort the prince and his girlfriend, and I even bandaged one of his wounds while he,” she gestured towards Mac, “snuck behind them and picked up Prince Orion’s dagger.”
“So what happened then?” Boss asked innocently.
“He, uh, was stronger than we had expected,” Mac said sheepishly.
“You mean to tell me,” Boss remained unnervingly calm, “that you idiots botched it up, didn’t you?”
“Yes, Boss,” Mac hung his head.
“You botched such an easy job,” Boss went on, standing up and raising his voice, “and even after all that trouble I went through planting the idea of sneaking out of the palace into Prince Joshua’s head and enslaving the girl’s mind to make her take Prince Orion to that exact spot?” He was yelling now.  “You couldn’t even take care of them?!”
“It’s not my fault, Boss.  Those idiots showed up too soon,” Bryan said, pointing at Natalie and Mac.  “I almost had him!  It’s their fault!”  
“Oh, yea?” Mac said, standing up and leaning over the table at Bryan, “And who missed Prince Orion with that arrow at the festival?  He was a sitting duck!  If you had done your job, Bryan, we wouldn’t have had to worry about attacking him in the park!”
“It’s not my fault, Mac!” Bryan argued back, “That was a tricky shot, and the wind was blowing, too!”
At least the prince believed you when you said you slipped,” Natalie piped in, trying to make peace, “or you’d be history.”
“Yes,” Boss agreed, “but a quick execution at the palace will seem pleasant compared to what I’m going to do to you if you botch up one more job!  You two, too,” he said, glaring at Mac and Natalie.
“Yes, Boss,” the three of them muttered.
“Well,” Boss said, taking a deep breath and sitting down once more, “we can always try again, although he’s going to be on guard for a while.  We had better think of a new plan of attack before we try anything again.  And when we do,” he looked at each of his followers in the eyes, “there had better not be any more slip-ups, understand?”  The others all nodded.

*****

Orion woke up to a familiar soft squeaking in his right ear, and something warm and soft next to his face.  He smelled a faint fragrance that reminded him of the bright orange flower Sandra had given him the first day they met.  A cool breeze drifted lazily over Orion’s face, but he was nice and warm, lying on a soft bed under a few layers of covers.  Looking around, he found the source of the squeaking; his baby zupzie, Star.  She was curled on the pillow, next to his face.  He smiled and reached over to pet her, but the pain in his shoulder made him stop short.  He noticed that the room was unusually white, with bright orange flowers in a clear vase next to an open window.  Even the covers were all white.  The stuffed chair in the corner was tan, though, and stood out.  Movement near the open door caught Orion’s attention.
“Oh!  You’re awake!  Thank goodness,” Sandra sighed as she crossed the room and knelt by Orion’s bed.  “I was so afraid for you.  Are you okay?”
“I think so,” he said weakly.  “I’m really tired, though, and my shoulder hurts.”  Sandra smiled.
“Awake at last, are we?  It’s about time, too.  You’ve been asleep for almost three days,”  Rick stood in the doorway, surveying Orion.  “That was a close call, you know.  That’s also why you’re not supposed to go out into the city by yourself.”
“But I wasn’t by myself,” Orion argued, “Josh and I went, and then Sandra and I took a walk in the park.”
“You’re lucky your pet likes you so much,” Rick went on, ignoring Orion’s argument, “She led us right to you.”  Orion gave him a confused look.
“Zupzies have a sixth sense for their masters,” Sandra explained,  “They can tell when their master is in trouble.”
“When I got home, your little furball was wailing at the top of it’s tiny lungs,” Rick said, “I went to your room to see you when I heard it.  It raced out of your rooms, through the halls, down the stairs, and outside.  It wouldn’t stop until it found you.  I would have lost it several times, but I followed it’s wailing.  The guards and I found you and Sandra at the edge of the city.”  Star began purring and licking Orion’s ear to show she was glad he was alright.
“Stop it, you little fuzzball,” Orion chuckled as he tried to separate his ear from Star, “That tickles!”
“You ready to be healed, Orion?” Rick asked, stepping closer.  Without waiting for an answer, he pressed his hands lightly on Orion’s shoulder, and then on his leg.  Orion closed his eyes and moaned as he felt the soothing heat ease the pain, and then take it away completely.  A hand on his face made him look up.  Sandra slowly ran her hand down Orion’s neck, resting it on his chest, where she could feel his heartbeat.  He sighed and closed his eyes again, falling asleep.


Chapter 15

Orion felt refreshed when he woke up the next morning.  His wounds, having been healed the day before, left nothing but scars.  Orion looked around and sat up, disturbing a sleeping Star on his chest.  She tumbled down Orion’s torso, landing in his lap.  Stretching and yawning, she didn’t seem upset at the rude awakening.  Orion didn’t see anyone else in the room, and the door was shut.  A fresh aroma of eggs and sausage filled the room, enticing Orion to get up.  He found fresh clothes laid out over the stuffed chair for him.  He got up and got dressed, this time in red, with yellow-orange trim.  Courtesy of Josh, no doubt, Orion thought.  It was still Orion’s preferred style, and, thankfully, there were no gems on this outfit.  
He quickly finished dressing and sat down at the table where his breakfast waited for him.  He scarfed it down, barely tasting it.  A squealing Star met him on the table, begging for some breakfast too.  Orion obliged her with a small piece of sausage.  Star tackled it, growling and purring at the same time.  Orion watched as she pounced on the food, bit it, then batted it away and pounced again.  Once she finished with her little game, Orion scooped her up and headed out.
“Good morning, Prince Orion,” a servant bowed once he seen Orion up.  “I have been waiting for you.  Your mother would like to see you in her rooms.”
“Yea, okay,” Orion said.  He was sure he was going to be in trouble.  After all, the only times a servant had been sent to retrieve him was when his father wanted to yell at him for something or other.  But I’m not on Olhoe anymore, Orion thought, and this is my mother, not my father.  Maybe I’m not in trouble.  He followed the servant through the halls and too his mother’s rooms.  He still couldn’t believe how similar her rooms were to his old rooms back on Olhoe.  He had expected her to cross her arms and glare at him when he got there, but when he entered, she did something he didn’t expect.
“Orion!” she cried as she threw her arms around him and bawled into his shirt.  “Are you okay?  Did they hurt you?  Rick healed you, didn’t he?  Oh, I’m so sorry, baby!  I never imagined-,”  She cried into his shoulder again.
“Mom,” Orion took her shoulders and tried to push her off of him.  Her reaction startled him.  He knew that if he was with his father, he’d be getting yelled at about how dangerous it was to be outside the palace, and criticized for needing to be rescued.  “I’m okay.  It’s no big deal, really.”  He finally managed to pull her off of him.  Her face was red from crying, and her eyes were bloodshot.
“Of course it’s a big deal, honey.  You could have been killed!” She started sobbing again and fell against him.  Orion sighed and let her cry.  Orion felt Star on his left shoulder, playing with his small braid that hung in front of his ear.  After a while she pulled away, sniffling, and said, “Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine,” he said looking into her wet eyes.  It was still a little unsettling to see the same bright blue eyes look back at him that he saw in the mirror all the time.  He smiled at her, and she managed a small smile.  She took a step back and regained her composure.
“Now, then,” she said, taking a deep breath, “Would you mind telling me what you were doing outside the palace walls without your brothers?”  This was what Orion was waiting for, but she didn’t sound like she was accusing him, she only sounded concerned.
“Well,” Orion started, “Rick had already gone off for his private studies that day, so Josh and I decided to go into the city without him.  While we were there, we met Sandra, and she wanted to take a walk in the park, and Josh wanted to do something else, so we split up.  Sandra and I were in the park picking bramble berries when we were attacked.”  
“Didn’t I tell you when you first came here that you could go out into the city as long as you stayed with your brothers?”
“Yes,” he bowed his head, ashamed he had disobeyed her.  He felt even worse that she wasn’t yelling at him like he knew his father would have.
“Don’t you think I would have had a good reason for that?” she asked.  Orion nodded, but didn’t look up.  “And what do you think that reason might be?”
“You didn’t want me to get hurt,” he mumbled.
“That’s right.”  She stepped closer to him, touched his face, and raised his eyes to hers.  “Orion, there are a lot of people - lunimorves - who still view you as the prince of their enemy.  They’ll try anything to get to you.”
“I’m sorry, mother,” Orion said, “It’ll never happen again.  I promise,” he added, still staring at the floor.
“I know it won’t Orion,” she replied, “And that’s why I’m suspending your trips to the city, with or without your brothers, until further notice.”
“What?” he jerked his head up and met her eyes, “but you can’t!  It’s not-,”
“It’s not what, Orion?” she said, sternly, “Not fair?  Fine then, you tell me what punishment would be more fair.  You took advantage of the privilege to go out into the city, so now I’m taking it away.”  She looked expectantly at him.
“But how will I see Sandra if I’m not allowed into the city?” 
“You should have thought about that before you snuck out on your own, Orion.” She crossed her arms.
“But-,” he started, but she gave him that look that meant that she didn’t want to hear anymore.  He hung his head with a ‘yes, ma’am’, and turned to go.
“Orion, you know I’m only doing this because I don’t want you to get hurt, don’t you?” she asked, slightly worried.  He stopped, nodded, and left her rooms.


Chapter 16

Back on Olhoe, a servant strode purposefully through the halls of the palace, stopping in front of the King’s doors.  He knocked and smoothed the wrinkles in his suit.  Every time he walked, wrinkles just seemed to appear on his shirt sleeves like magic.  He was old, and had been serving as the king’s butler for several years, but he had never been this nervous to approach the king’s rooms.
“Enter!” King Frederic’s voice thundered from the other side of the double doors.  The servant shook so badly, he almost dropped the tray he was carrying.  He took a deep breath and slowly opened the door.  King Frederic didn’t even look up as the servant entered.
“I-, I brought your t-, tea, your majesty,” he stuttered, shaking badly.
“Fine,” King Frederic said indifferently, “just leave it on the table.”  The servant jumped to do as asked, almost spilling the pot of tea.  He took another deep breath and calmed down enough to set the tray down on a small table near the door.
“Is there anything else I can d-do for you, majesty?” he asked, wanting to leave the king’s rooms as quickly as possible.
“No.  Get out.”  King Frederic said, shifting his gaze from one paper to another.
“Yes, majesty,” the servant bowed, even though he knew that the king wasn’t paying any attention to him.  He knew, also, that the king had someone sent to the dungeon just for breathing wrong the other day, so he didn’t want to give the king any reason to send him to the dungeon.  He had heard there were rats down there.  He shivered at the thought.  He backed out of the room and closed the door, letting out a sigh of relief once he was safely in the hall.  After a few shaky steps, a maid turned into the hall and caught up with him.
“You okay?” she asked, striding up beside him.
“Uh, yea,” he said, still trying to catch his breath.  His steps were more sure.
“You look a mess,” she glanced at his sweaty face, “Here, let me help.”  She pulled a clean cloth from her belt and began wiping his face.  “Been to see the king, have you?”
“Uh-huh,” he said, shivering at the thought, “and I ain’t never been that nervous in my life.”
“I hear ya,” she said as she replaced her cloth.  “He’s been in a right awful mood since he got back from the moon.  Why do you think he didn’t bring the prince back with him?”
“I heard that the prince was brainwashed into thinking he’s one of them,” the servant whispered.
“You mean a lunimorf?” she asked astonished.  He nodded.  “How could that be?  Lunimorves don’t know ninmisn.”
I don’t know,” he said, “But whatever’s going on, I hope Prince Orion will be back soon.  If not, we could all be in a lot of trouble.”


Chapter 17

“Wow, you’re getting really good at this, Orion,” Joshua said as Orion changed a rock into a flower for the third time in a row.  He and Orion hadn’t been allowed to leave the palace for months, since the day they snuck out and Orion had been attacked.  Joshua had taken their punishment pretty well, but Orion had become moody.  They didn’t have studies that day, so they sat in the courtyard under the oak tree, Joshua teaching Orion fysimae.
“Can we move on to something else, Josh?” Orion asked, tossing the flower aside.  Flowers reminded him too much of Sandra.  He hadn’t seen her since that day in the hospital wing.  He didn’t understand why she didn’t come to see him.  Perhaps she was thinking the same as he, but he wasn’t allowed to go anywhere.  He also didn’t understand why it bothered him so much.  She had always seemed more interested in animals than in him.  Besides, there were plenty of pretty girls coming and going through the palace, hoping to catch Orion’s eye.
“It’s almost dinnertime,” Rick said, walking over to them.  Rick wasn’t that interested in teaching Orion, so he took the time to exercise, getting used to the weighted armbands, before sparring with Orion later.  Both Rick and Joshua had ordered a gold set of wristbands and anklets from the jeweler.  Rick’s set were inlaid with sapphires and emeralds, while Joshua’s were inlaid with rubies and diamonds.  Rick had practiced almost non-stop once the gauntlets had been delivered.  He was used to almost as much weight as Orion, but Orion had been increasing the weight of his own gauntlets at the same time.
“Yea, okay,” Orion grunted.  He got up and stretched before following his brothers in for dinner.  Their mother was already there, and seemed to be in an unusually good mood.  The three boys took their seats at the square table, where plates of salad awaited them.
“What’s up, mother?” Joshua asked as he sat down and started eating in earnest, “You seem happier than usual.”
“Oh, it’s nothing,” she said, giggling, “It’s just that your seventeenth birthday is coming up in less that two months.”
“So?” Orion asked, nibbling on a piece of carrot, “What’s the big deal about our birthdays?  We’ll just have a small celebration like we did for Ricky’s birthday five months ago.”
“Don’t you see, Orion?” she asked, glancing at him, “this will be the first year you two will be able to celebrate your birthdays together.  We’ve got a lot of planning to do.  Will we have two cakes, or one big one?  Oh, this is so exciting!” she said, more to herself than her sons.  Her excitement of having a joined birthday celebration seeped over to the twins.  Orion’s anticipation grew as he realized that he wasn’t going to suffer through one of his father’s boring balls.  His father had always had a ball organized for Orion’s birthday, and didn’t care if Orion enjoyed it or not.  He began to wonder what kind of celebration his mother was thinking of.  Whatever it was, Orion was sure that is wasn’t a stupid ball, and that it would be much bigger than Rick’s birthday celebration.
“Dinner is served!” a chef walked in and announced the beginning of dinner.  A waiter gathered up the used salad plates as four other waiters pushed food carts around and set large, covered trays in front of the boys and their mother.  Yet another waiter circled the table, pouring the drink.  Steam wafted up as the tray covers were removed.  A strange, new smell reached his nostrils as Orion breathed the scent of roast pheasant deeply, his hand blindly searching for the right utensils.  Must be a new sauce, Orion thought as he cut a large chunk of meat.
Just then, another chef, still dressed in his stained work clothes, barged in, grabbed a tray cover from one of the food carts that had been pushed up against the wall, and ran over to Orion.  
“No!” he cried as he slammed the cover on top of Orion’s plate, spraying sauce and knocking over Orion’s cup, fruit punch spilling everywhere.  The cover just barely missed Orion’s hand, and he dropped his fork in surprise.  “You mustn’t eat that!” the chef shrieked, pushing Orion away and toppling his chair.  Orion hit the floor, bumping his head.
“What’s the meaning of this?” Empress Anita stood up and glared at the dirty chef.  Orion rolled out of the up ended chair and got up, rubbing the back of his aching head.  Both Rick and Joshua had stopped eating and were staring at the chef.
“Ohh,” Orion moaned, one hand on his head and the other trying to wipe the fruit punch off of his clothes.  “What’s going on?  Why’d you knock me down?”
“I beg your pardon, majesties,” the panicked chef let go of the tray cover and took a deep breath, “but the food was poisoned.  It was poisoned!”  He started to cry.
“What?  You mean all our food is poisoned?” Joshua asked, alarmed.  He had already taken a few bites.
“No,” the chef said, out of breath, “Just Prince Orion’s plate.  You see,” he took another deep breath, “down in the kitchen, each dish was tasted by your food testers just before it was brought up.  There’s a different food tester for each tray.  About five minutes after the carts were taken out of the kitchen, Prince Orion’s food tester began having convulsions,” he sniffled, tears spilling over his face.  He sniffled again, wiped his eyes, and took a deep breath before continuing, “and he died!  He died right there, in front of me, on the kitchen floor!  I can’t-,” he began crying to hard to speak.  He sank to his knees and covered his face with his hands.  A moment later he wiped his face and continued, “I had to hurry.  Ran up the stairs.  Had to hurry before the Prince-,” he fell to crying again.  Orion went numb with shock.  
That must have been the new smell, he thought, I could have been killed!  He looked up at his mother.  She was staring at him.  Joshua just stared at his food while Rick knelt beside the distraught chef, trying to comfort him.  The waiters came over, two righted Orion’s chair while a third tried to ease a paralyzed Orion into his seat.  The others brought a food cart over and hastily removed the poisoned tray and cleaned up the mess.
“We’ll bring up another tray for Prince Orion,” one of the waiters said as he loaded the poisoned food onto the cart.  Nobody seemed to hear him.  The two waiters that righted Orion’s chair were now kneeling next to the weeping chef, trying to comfort him.  They managed to bring him to his feet and lead him away.  Rick got up and sat back down in his own chair.
“Is he going to be alright?” Empress Anita called as the waiters lead the chef to the door.
“He will be fine,” one of them said, turning to bow to her before disappearing out into the hall.  As she sat back down, she glanced at all three of her boys.  Orion kept staring at where his plate had been, perhaps seeing what would have happened if the chef hadn’t come when he did, in his mind.  Empress Anita shuddered to think of that possibility.  Her gaze swept over to Joshua, who was breathing deeply and staring at Orion, too shocked to continue eating.  She didn’t blame him.  She had lost her appetite, too.
Rick, on the other hand, looked rather sullen when Empress Anita glanced his way.  He was staring at his food, stirring the creamed corn into the mashed potatoes with his fork.  He didn’t seem to want to eat, either, but more out of indignation than shock.  She could understand his feelings, too.  She was angry that someone had snuck into the palace and poisoned Orion’s food.  Or maybe it was one of the cooks or waiters who poisoned it, she thought, panicky.  If that was the case, then she would have to see to the long and grueling task of finding the traitor before he or she struck again.  She sighed.

Chapter 18

An enraged Boss sat at the head of the small, square table in the dimly lit room.  His followers were too afraid to even breathe too loudly, lest they force his anger upon them.  Natalie knew the reason for his bad mood.  His plan to eliminate Prince Orion had failed again.  He wasn’t going to rely on them since they had already failed.  This time, the boss was going to take matters into his own hands.  He had explained his plan in detail to them three days before he executed it.  He was going to sneak down into the palace kitchens disguised as a waiter, enslave the chef’s mind, and make the chef poison Prince Orion’s food.  It had taken Natalie hours to help him with his disguise, perfect timing, and plenty of patience to do it, but even he, the Boss himself, had failed.  He had even made sure to wipe the chef’s memory clean, so that he wouldn’t remember what he had just done.  Enslaving someone’s mind was no easy task, either.  In order to do it, he had to touch the person, even for just a moment, and concentrate on exactly what the slave was doing at all times.  Any distraction, and it would fail.  He had learned mind control some years ago, and practiced very hard until he mastered it.  Natalie wondered what the boss was going to do now, after this plan had failed, but didn’t dare voice her question.  She watched him as he sat there, his hands folded under his nose, brooding.  She wished she could cheer him up.  She didn’t like to see him upset.
“What about the ATA?” Bryan asked timidly, breaking the silence.  All eyes turned on him.
“What about it?” Boss asked, fuming.
“Well, there are zealots there who might be able to help us.”  He looked down at his hands.
“Yes,” Boss thought about it, “you may be right, but if we used them, we’d have to fight an open battle, which means that we’d run into palace guards and warriors before we even got a glimpse of the prince.  I’d rather avoid that kind of confrontation.”
“Well, why don’t we wait until the prince goes back to Olhoe?” Bryan asked, more boldly this time, “I mean, Prince Orion grew up on Olhoe, right?  That means that Olhoe is his home, and he’s gonna feel homesick sooner or later, and want to return.”
“Yea!  That way,” Mac joined in, “we can not only do away with Prince Orion, but several telblecs at the same time.”
“Hmm,” Boss leaned back in his chair, gazing up at the ceiling, “you two may have a point.  We have the entire ATA backing us,” he leaned forward, brining his elbows to the table and lowering his head towards his followers, “and it’s time they did their job.”


Chapter 19

Two weeks later, Orion found himself on a familiar cobblestone street in the city, on his way to the flower shop where Sandra worked.  After the food poisoning incident, his mother had let up on his city trip suspension, as long as he stayed with both of his brothers and a few guards at all times.  Empress Anita had wanted to accompany them on their trip, but, as Rick had pointed out, she was too busy to take the time off.  Besides, she wouldn’t be any help if there was trouble.  She had hesitated, but agreed that Rick was right.  She let the boys go into the city with an escort of bodyguards.  
Joshua was excited to be in the city again after not being allowed out for six months.  He had wanted to visit all of the familiar places, but Orion had convinced him to go to the flower shop first.  Orion glanced back at Joshua and couldn’t help but chuckle at his brother’s childish behavior.  Joshua was smiling big and waving to everyone they passed.  Orion glanced over his other shoulder at Rick.  Quite the opposite of Joshua, Rick didn’t seem very happy at being escorted around by guards.  They had never had an escort before, and Orion did find their regal presence embarrassing.  Mounted on matching horses, the guards all wore matching uniforms and carried matching swords.  Two of the guards carried large flags bearing the royal seal.
Rounding a corner, the flower shop came into Orion’s view.  A crisp breeze from the lingering cold weather blew past Orion, making him shiver.  He began to wish he had brought a coat with him.  Spotting Sandra, he forgot about the weather and trotted his horse up to the front of the shop where she was trimming the plants outside.  He heard the horses of his brothers and the guards catch up to him as he dismounted.
“It’s about time you came to see me again, Prince,” she said accusingly, without looking up.
“I-,” he started, staring at the back of her head, wondering how to explain why he hadn’t come before.  He decided the truth, as humiliating as it was, was the best thing to say.  “I had gotten in trouble for sneaking off without my brothers,” he explained, “and Mother forbade me come out into the city until now.”
“And did she forbid you to even send me a letter telling me why you couldn’t come?” she turned to face him, angry tears welling up in her eyes.
“Uh, well, no,” Orion was surprised at her reaction to seeing him for the first time in months.  He had expected her to jump up and hug him, say how much she had missed him, or at least smile at him and pet his horse.  He hadn’t expected her to be so angry with him.  He also hadn’t even thought of sending her a letter.  But if she had expected a letter, why hadn’t she sent him one?  Besides, she was allowed to come to the palace.  When she realized that he couldn’t come to her, why didn’t she come to him instead?
Sandra glared at Orion, picked up her pruners, and marched inside the shop.  Orion followed, becoming angry himself.  There wasn’t an overwhelming fragrance of flowers.  Looking around, Orion realized that the fragrance was missing because the flowers were missing.  There were still many potted plants all over the little shop, but most of them had lost their old flowers, and were producing new ones.  Orion found Sandra beside the counter, standing next to a young man who looked to be a few years older than Orion.  Orion thought he looked oddly familiar, but couldn’t figure out where he had seen this young man before.
“So this is Prince Orion, eh?” the young man asked, “I’m Bryan.” he held out his hand, but Orion didn’t take it.  He was staring at Sandra, who had wrapped her arms around Bryan’s free arm.
“What’s going on?” Orion asked, puzzled.
“You never came back,” Sandra’s expression turned from angry to regretful, tears rolling down her cheeks.  “I didn’t hear from you in six months.  I thought you didn’t care about me.  I thought-,” she buried her face in Bryan’s shoulder as she started to cry.
“She thought you hated her,” Bryan finished Sandra’s sentence.  He turned and put his arms around her.
“But I didn’t-,” Orion started, trying to make them understand, “I wasn’t allowed out.  I-,”
“How was I to know your mother kept you inside the palace?” Sandra cried, pulling free of Bryan’s grip, “Think of it from my point of view.  I get to meet a prince.  Me, a lowly girl working at a flower shop, meeting the heir to the throne.  Not only that, but he seems to like me, too.  One day, I’m able to convince him to go on a date with me - if you can call a walk in the park a date - and he gets attacked.  We manage to escape, but he’s hurt bad, so bad that he has to be put in the hospital.  I’m told to leave before I know if he’s going to live or die,” she started crying again.  Bryan put his hands on her shoulders.  Orion stared at her, mouth open, but no words came out.  After a few minutes, Sandra resumed her story, “I worry about him day and night, praying that he’s gonna be okay.  Every day at work, I watch for him, to see if he would show up and let me know that he’s okay, but he never shows up.  I start to think the worst has happened.
“Finally, about three weeks later, I hear that he’s out of the hospital and doing okay.  My heart rejoices for him, and I continue to watch for him to come around that corner,” she pointed towards the bend in the road, “and tell me that everything’s going to be okay, and that it wasn’t my fault that those people attacked.” She started sobbing again, covering her face with her hands.  When she looked back up at Orion, she was heartbroken, “but he never came back.  He never sent me a letter telling me why he wouldn’t come back.  I thought you blamed me for the attack!” she yelled between sobs.  “Six months, and I don’t hear from you at all!” She cried, calming down a bit.  “I thought you had moved on and forgotten about me, so I moved on, too,” she sniffed, “This is Bryan,” she said, drying her eyes and looking into Orion’s, “he’s my boyfriend.  We started dating about a week and a half ago.” She turned away from Orion’s dumbstruck face and headed to the plants sitting on the shelves.
“But, what about me?” Orion asked the back of Sandra’s head.
“Don’t you see, Prince Orion?” Sandra said over her shoulder, “Bryan is my boyfriend.  You’re just a prince from the palace to me, nothing more.”  She turned back to the plants, pretending to prune one, even though she didn’t have her pruners.  Orion staggered back a step.  Her words stung.  Heartache began replacing shock, jealousy replacing heartache, and bringing anger with it.
“Well, what about you, Sandra?” Orion yelled without meaning to, “Why didn’t you ever come back to the palace?  If you were so worried about me, why didn’t you come to see me in the hospital wing after that day?”
“I wasn’t allowed to come see you,” she sobbed, “the guards were under orders to keep civilians away from you.  And I had to work,” she added, “You know that.”
“So that’s it, huh?” he asked, raising his voice, and allowing his anger to get the best of him, “You’re just gonna throw away everything we had together?” he walked over to her.
“We never had anything, Prince,” Sandra whispered without looking at him.  Her unexpected reply stopped him in his tracks.  He stood there, staring at the back of her head, trying to think of something to say.  He opened his mouth, but no words came out.  He closed his mouth, letting his head bow as tears welled up in his eyes.  Seething, he turned and strode out of the flower shop without glancing at his brothers, who had come in after Orion, and stood there while he argued with Sandra.  If he had, he would have noticed the small, grim smile of satisfaction on Rick’s face.  The two of them followed Orion out the door while Bryan watched them, arms folded and a sneer on his face.
“I’m going home,” Orion announced to the guards as he mounted his horse.  Without checking to see if anyone had heard him, he began trotting his horse back to the palace.
What about your trip to the city, majesty?” one of the guards asked, riding along side of Orion, “You don’t have to go back for hours.  Don’t you want to stay out and go somewhere else?”  Orion’s furious expression told the guard all he needed to know.  The guard fell silent and got back in line with the others as Rick and Joshua trotted to either side of Orion.
“Are you okay, bro?” Joshua asked tenderly.  Orion ignored him.  They rode the rest of the way to the palace in silence.

*****

Later that day, the three brothers were gathered around the table in the dining hall as the waiters served dinner.  They joined their mother for dinner, like they did everyday, and she obligingly never mentioned a word about King Frederic or Olhoe.  Orion wasn’t in the mood to talk about anything after his break up with Sandra, but his brothers wouldn’t give him the time to be left alone with his thoughts.  Back home on Olhoe, Orion would have been given all the time he wanted.  Orion wished he were back in his old room, where he could hide away in the private room where he kept all of his secrets.  They were usually bad memories that he had written down, like the journal he kept to record his progress on his pyrophobia.  He hadn’t had time to keep a journal here, though, since his brothers took up too much time.  He also kept several plants in his private room, hiding them from his father.  King Frederic had never been too keen on keeping several plants in a room, especially not the ones that produced large, flowers that Orion kept.  Orion liked them for their brightly colored leaves and flowers, although he figured that he’d cut all the flowers off because they reminded him too much of Sandra.  He suddenly realized why his father didn’t like flowers.
“What’s bothering you, Bro?” Rick asked with a mouthful of pasta, interrupting Orion’s thoughts.  Orion hadn’t touched his food.  “You’re not still brooding on the fight you had with that girl, are you?”  Empress Anita didn’t say anything.  Rick and Joshua had told her what happened.
“It’s not that,” Orion lied,  “It’s just that I-” he paused.
“You what?” Joshua pressed him.
“I miss it.” Orion said, barely audible.
“Miss what?” Joshua asked, trying to make a joke, “The lima beans we had yesterday?  Yuck!”  Orion glared at Joshua.
“Miss what, sweetie?” Empress Anita sounded concerned, hoping that she would be able to change the subject if Orion started talking about Sandra.
“Home.”  Orion looked up.  “I miss home.”  Rick and Joshua looked at each other.
“But you are home, sweetie,” Empress Anita smiled at him, trying to cheer him.  “Here, with me and your brothers.  This is your home.”
“I know, but-” Orion looked down at his plate, “I miss everyone.  I miss my friends, Jose, Kevin, Shane, Teddy, and my best friend, Chris.   I miss my old training instructor, Bertha.  I even miss Father.”  Rick and Joshua glanced at Empress Anita, and she at Orion.
“Well, why don’t you go back, then?” she asked.
“No!” Orion jerked his head up in alarm.  “I’m never going back!”
“I don’t mean forever, Orion,” she said in a soothing voice, “I mean for a few days.  You know, go and see everyone again.  Spend time with your friends, and then come back here.”  She glanced sideways at him.  “You could take your brothers for a tour of Olhoe.”  Orion thought about this.
“Hey, that’s a great idea, Mother!” Rick stood up and leaned over to Orion.
“Yea!  I’d like to see Olhoe,” Joshua agreed.  “Will you take us, Orion?  Please?”  He and Rick watched Orion, and Orion smiled back at them.
“Sure, I’ll take you.”
“Alright!  We’re going to Olhoe!” Rick and Joshua exclaimed.
“Calm down, boys!” Empress Anita laughed at their childish behavior.  “You’re gonna have to be very careful on Olhoe.  Remember the war.”  Rick and Joshua became quiet at once.  “I don’t want you two to go anywhere without Orion, okay?”
“Yes, Mother.” 
“Yea, okay.”
“Remember, boys, be careful,” she glanced at Orion, “all of you.”  Orion returned her gaze.


Chapter 20

“I have some good news, people,” Boss said, smiling and reclining in his chair, his feet resting on the table.
“Ohh, what is it, Boss?” Natalie asked.
“First of all,” Boss said, removing his feet and leaning his elbows on the table, “You did an excellent job with that girl, Bryan.”  Bryan beamed.
“It was easy, Boss.  After you ordered the guards not to let her in, and to burn any letters she might send, she started feeling unloved, unwanted.  I just showed up and filled the empty spaces in her mind with lies of how Prince Orion obviously didn’t care about her anymore, and how it was her fault that he was attacked before.”
“Mm-hmm,” Boss nodded, “just like you were supposed to.  And now that he’s feeling so blue because his girlfriend hates him, he’s getting homesick.”
“That’s good, right?” Mac asked, “We want him to go back to Olhoe so we can call on the ATA and kill him, right?”
“Yes, that’s the plan, but,” Boss glanced at each of his followers, “we can’t do it right away.”
“How come?” Bryan asked, “Don’t we want to attack while he’s miserable and weak?”
“You don’t understand.  I know Prince Orion better than that.  I’ve seen him training, and he’s too much like his father, the telblec king.  He won’t let a bad mood distract him from a fight.  He’s not as weak as you think.  No, we’ve got to think of something else,” Boss sighed, leaning back in his chair.
“How hard does he train?” Mac asked. 
“Very.  He exercises for at least an hour before sparring for another hour.  Why?” Boss asked.
“Is he usually tired after training?” Mac pressed.  Boss nodded.  “Well, how about we attack him right after his training?  That way-,”
“He will be too tired to defend himself,” Boss said, picking up on Mac’s idea, “Yes, that’s it!  But we still need to get the ATA involved without anyone else knowing about it, and that will take time.  Plus, we don’t have enough people.  If we attack the telblec palace, we’ll have to pick up a lot of new members.”  Boss grinned.  Everything was falling into place.


Chapter 21

Orion and his brothers took off for Olhoe two days later.  The ride was short, and they were greeted with celebration.  Well, Orion was exalted, anyway.  The telblecs stared uncertainly at Rick and Joshua as they got off the ship until Orion announced that they were his brothers.  Orion briefly explained that he was half lunimorf, and that once he turned twenty, he was going to rule Olhoe and Lunspae, putting an end to the war.  After that, Rick and Joshua were greeted with elation along with their brother.  The only one who seemed unhappy about their visit was King Frederic.  He watched the three boys leave the lunimorf ship, and watched it take off, back to Lunspae.  He remembered how his own son had thrown him into the dungeon.  Anger at Orion began boiling in King Frederic.  Although he knew that Orion was half lunimorf, King Frederic thought that the lunimorves would kill his son as revenge for his escape over seventeen years ago.  How was he to know that the lunimorves, especially the same Empress Anita who had left the boy on Olhoe to die as a baby, would love Orion?  How did Orion know?  Why didn’t Orion understand that King Frederic had only gone to Lunspae to rescue his son?  Furious, King Frederic stormed up the stairs and to his rooms to be alone with his thoughts.

*****

Orion had planned on giving his brothers a short, two-minute tour of the palace when they got there, but it ended up lasting over five hours.  Both Rick and Joshua insisted that they meet all of Orion’s friends. They found Jose, Shane, and Chris in the courtyard, training to become warriors.
“Hey guys!” Orion called as he trotted up to them.
“Hey, look!” Shane turned at the sound of Orion’s voice, “Orion’s back!”
“Oi, amigo!” Jose called as he and Shane bounded over to their friend. “We seen you coming off the ship.  Did you really go to Lunspae?” he asked.  Chris walked over with less enthusiasm than the others.
“Yea,” Orion nodded, “and I learned about my mother and my brothers, Ricky and Josh.” Orion gestured behind him, where Rick and Joshua were standing.  Addressing his brothers he said, “These are my friends, Shane,” Shane nodded, “Jose,” Jose smiled and waved, “and Chris.”  Chris crossed his arms grumpily.  Orion proceeded to tell his friends everything he had learned from his mother, including how he was to be the emperor of Lunspae in a few, short years.  “What’s wrong, Chris?” Orion asked when he had finished, noticing that Chris seemed rather upset.
“So what does this mean, Orion?” Chris asked.  “That lunimorves and telblecs are the same?”  Noticing Orion’s confusion, he added, “I mean if your mother is the empress of the lunimorves and your father is the king of the telblecs, and if you become the king of both...” his voice trailed off as he became lost in thought.
“Then the war will finally be over!” Shane shouted, whooping and thrusting his fist into the air above his head.  “That’s great!  And your seventeenth birthday is only a month away!”
“That means that the war will end in three years!” Jose was picking up on Shane’s excitement.
“But will you go back?” Chris asked, not sharing their excitement.  “Back to Lunspae, I mean.”
“Yep.  I don’t know how long I’ll stay here, but I’m going back,” Orion replied.  Clouds began to form above them as rain began falling, lightly at first and getting heavier.  “Why don’t we go inside before we drown?” 
“Wow, this place is huge!” Joshua exclaimed after they had gone back inside.
“Yea,” Rick agreed, wringing out his jacket, “but the layout is similar to home.  We shouldn’t have too much trouble finding our way around.”
“Especially with me to show you the way,” Orion joked.  “Let’s go to my rooms.”
“Hey Orion, where are we gonna sleep?” Joshua asked.
“Oh,” Orion took a moment to think, “I can get you guys your own rooms.  We have plenty of spare guestrooms you could use.”
“How about a tour of the city tomorrow, Bro?” Rick commented.
“Hey, that’s a great idea!  Except-” Orion blushed, “I’ve never actually been in the city, so I couldn’t give you a tour.”
“That’s okay, we can go exploring together,”  Rick smiled, “How about you guys?  Do you want to join us?”
“Nah,” Jose answered, “I’ve got work to do.  If I don’t catch up on my homework, I’m gonna have to give up training.”
“I’ll take you up on that offer,” Chris said.
“I’d like to go, but I’m supposed to help Teddy and Kevin with the chores,” Shane looked down.
“Chores?” Joshua asked.  “Don’t you have servants to do the chores?” Shane blushed.
“Josh,” Orion leaned over to his brother, “Shane, Kevin, and Teddy are servants.  Their parents have been working here at the palace for years, and they, he motioned towards Shane, “will become full time servants once they’re adults, unless they complete their training before then.  Jose and Chris both have warrior parents.”
“Oh, oops,”Joshua glanced at Shane, “Sorry about that.”
“It’s okay,” Shane answered, slightly embarrassed.
“Where are Kevin and Teddy, anyway?” Orion asked, “I haven’t seen them since I got back.”  They had reached his rooms and seated themselves on the floor.  “Cards, anyone?” he said, handing a deck to Joshua.
“They’re probably out with their girlfriends,” Chris answered with a note of jealousy in his voice.  Shane chuckled.  Orion felt a stab of jealousy, too.  After all, the only girl he had liked enough to call a girlfriend had dumped him not too long ago.  He wondered if he’d find another girlfriend when he went back.
A loud knock interrupted them.  
“Come in!”  Orion called, not really paying attention to the servant coming through the doors.  Joshua had just dealt him a winning hand.
“Your Majesty,” the servant bowed.
“What do you want?” Orion was annoyed that his card game had been interrupted.
“Your father, King Frederic, wishes to see you in his rooms right away.”
“Can’t it wait?  I’m in the middle of something.”  Orion returned to his cards, putting them in order.  The servant said nothing, but Orion knew that he shouldn’t keep his father waiting.  “Sorry, guys,” Orion laid his cards down and got up, “but I’ve gotta go.  I’ll see you later!”  Orion and the servant headed out the doors, down the hall, up a flight of stairs, down another hall, and finally stopping in front of King Frederic’s doors.  The servant knocked.
“Enter!” came King Frederic’s stern voice.
Just like I remember, Orion sighed as he stepped inside.  But this time, he’s not going to boss me around.  I am, after all, a lunimorf prince, too.
“Your Majesty, Prince Orion to see you,” the servant announced.
“Yes, now go.” King Frederic didn’t get up from the couch, which was facing the opposite wall.  The servant bowed and left, closing the doors behind him.  Orion watched him go, and stared at the doors after he left.  “Come here, Orion.”  This was the moment that Orion had been dreading.  Orion hesitated, yearning to rush out the doors, but he took one step further in, and then another, until he was face-to-face with his father.
“Orion.” King Frederic didn’t sound too angry, nor like he was suppressing it.  “The time I’ve spent on Lunspae made me realize many things.” He looked up at Orion, but Orion remained silent, trying his best to hide his fear, so King Frederic continued, “One of those things is that I have very little control over you like I used to.”  Orion blushed and remembered how he had fought his father, ran away to Lunspae against his wishes, and landed him in the dungeon for a month.  “Yes,” King Frederic said calmly, reading Orion’s mind, “you ought to be in serious trouble.”
“Ought to?” Orion snapped to attention.  “You mean I’m not in trouble?”
“No,” King Frederic sighed, “you’re not.”  Sensing Orion’s confusion, he explained, “You see, another thing I realized was that you are your own person, and a teenager for that matter.  And teenagers,” King Frederic spoke up before Orion had a chance to voice his confusion, “are prone to rebellion.”  He looked down.  “Not only that, but-” he hesitated, “I was wrong not to tell you about your mother.  I shouldn’t have kept your lunimorf heritage a secret.  Whether others knew or not,” he looked up at Orion, “you should have, but you didn’t.  It wasn’t right, and it wasn’t fair.  I thought I was protecting you by not telling you, but I was actually hurting you more.”  He paused, trying to swallow what he just said.  Still, Orion said nothing.
“Now then, Orion,” his father became stern, “I don’t like the fact that you’ve brought your brothers here.  It’s not that I don’t want them.   After all, Josh is my son, too, but you and I both know of the dangers that Olhoe presents to a couple of young lunimorves.  I don’t know how many people won’t accept those two as your brothers, but they are in danger from those who don’t.  I want you to keep an eye on them at all times while they are here, understand?”
“Uh-huh,” Orion nodded, “Mother said the same thing.  She said to stick together at all times out in the city-,”
“Who said anything about the city?” King Frederic cut Orion off.  “You are not allowed in the city, Orion.”
“I wasn’t allowed to go to Lunspae either.” Orion crossed his arms.  King Frederic sighed and placed his fingertips on his temple. 
“Alright,” King Frederic knew he wasn’t going to be able to out argue Orion, “you can go as long as you take some warriors with you.”  
“But-,” Orion started.
“You’re my son, Orion.  Fro as much as you don’t believe it, I don’t want you getting hurt,” King Frederic looked him in the eyes.  Orion remembered all too well the day he had snuck out of the palace on Lunspae and was attacked.  He gazed at the floor.  It brought back memories of Sandra, both good and bad.
“Oh, and another thing.  You’re going to be king someday, Orion.” King Frederic met his son’s eyes.  “In just over three years, you will become king of Olhoe and Lunspae.  I’m sure Empress Anita told you what we had decided?”  Orion nodded.
“Ricky wasn’t too happy about it, though.”  He half smiled.  
“Well, it wasn’t Rick’s choice to make.  However,” King Frederic became serious, “I will not crown a prince as king who is afraid of something as silly as a little fire.  You’re going to have to work hard to-”
“But I’m over it now.”  Orion interrupted him.
“You are?” King Frederic looked at him in surprise.
“Yea, watch!”  Orion was excited.  He spread his fingers and raised his palm towards the fireplace, where cold logs lay on a cold metal stand.  He gathered his energy and formed a fireball, floating just beyond his fingers, and shot it at the fireplace, igniting the logs and creating a large, warm fire.  He watched it for a few minutes waiting to hear praise, but he only heard the crackling of the fire.  He turned around to see his father staring, open-mouthed, as the flames danced in and out of the logs.
“Well, what do you think?  Neat, huh?”
“Wha-? How in the-?  What did you just do?”  King Frederic couldn’t take his eyes off the new fire.
“I made a fire.”  After his father didn’t respond, he added, “Josh taught me that.”
“He did?” King Frederic finally tore his eyes away from the flames to look at his son.  “What else did he teach you?”
“Well, I can turn the fire different colors.” To demonstrate, Orion changed the fire green, bright pink, and blue before letting it burn it’s normal yellow and orange.  “I can also heal, levitate small objects, and make light pictures.  I can change things into other things, but  I’m not real good at shape shifting, yet.”
“Shape shifting.  Uh...”  King Frederic was still trying to take in the idea that his son created fire from nothing, and made it change colors.
“Yea, shape shifting.”  When King Frederic still said nothing, Orion explained, “You know, changing shape?  Turning into animals and such?”
“Oh, yea.”  King Frederic was still trying to take it all in.  “Well, it sounds like your year on Lunspae really did you some good.”
“Yea,” Orion agreed.  “That wasn’t a full year, though, but can you imagine how much I’m gonna learn when I go back?” Orion was excited at the very thought.
“Go back?” Frederic hadn’t expected this.  “I thought you came home to stay.”
“Nope.  I’ve only come to visit for a few days, then I’m going back.”
“But-” Frederic couldn’t hide his disappointment as he tried to think of a way that would make Orion want to stay here.  “Your seventeenth birthday is less than a month away, Orion.  Why don’t you stay for your birthday, then you can go back?”  King Frederic looked into Orion’s eyes as he thought this over.
“Well, I was really looking forward to celebrating my birthday with my brothers,” Orion said guiltily, “Josh and I want to have a double birthday, since we were born on the same day.”
“They can stay here, too,” King Frederic said hopefully, “and the three of you can go back to Lunspae together.”
“Really?” Orion’s eyes lit up with anticipation, “You’d let my brothers stay here, too?”  King Frederic nodded.  “Okay, but on one condition.  I’ve never really liked those dull balls you arranged, and I don’t think Ricky and Josh would like them either.  I want the party to be what I want, not what you want, deal?” He eyed his father, so sure that he would be enraged by this, but he wasn’t.
“Deal.”  King Frederic smiled.  “So what do you want, Orion?”
“I want a party that I can have fun at.  I want the entire kingdom to be invited.  I want a live band, horseback riding, tawttuwy ball and other activities, and snacks like candy apples, cotton candy, chips and pretzels with dip.  I want the party to last all day, so make sure that everyone will have the day off of work and school.  I want to end the party with a feast.  Let’s see,” Orion thought for a moment.  “I want everything to be served.  Roast pork, steak, ribs, fish, pheasant, duck, turkey, chicken, goose, and venison.  Also, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, beans, all kinds of rice, casseroles, stuffing, and several kinds of pasta.  For desert, I want pies.  Apple, cranberry, blueberry, banana cream, chocolate mousse, cherry, and lemon meringue.  As for my birthday cake, I want an ice cream cake, with layers of chocolate crunch, fudge, and vanilla ice cream.  I also want-”
“Orion, do you expect me to remember this?” Frederic stated standing up with one hand on his hip and the other on Orion’s shoulder..  
“Huh? Oh, right.” Orion had forgotten where he was.  “Well, I’d like to do something different.”
“It all sounds pretty different to me.”
“That’s not what I mean.” Orion said exasperated. “You know how, at a birthday party, the one having the birthday gets all the presents?” King Frederic nodded.  “Well, I’d like to give gifts out this year.”  King Frederic gave him a quizzical look, so Orion continued, “Instead of receiving presents, I’d like to give everyone a gift for coming to my party.  I figure a gift package for every family based on the age and gender of the kids and adults ought to do.  I want there to be stuffed toys for toddlers, blocks and toys for older kids, a marble brush set, a tool kit, and a number of royal coins, based on how many people are in the family.”
“Like I said, Orion,” King Frederic sounded weary as he fell back onto the couch, “How am I supposed to remember all this?”


Chapter 22

The next day, Orion ventured out into Royal City for the first time with Rick, Joshua, and Chris, all on horseback.  Olhoe had five cities, Royal City was situated in the center of the others, with the palace founded on the northern border.  Most of Olhoe’s businesses were located in Royal City.  Peak City, located up in the mountains north of Royal City, was cold all year, but an ideal place to herd many different kinds of animals.  Sea City was built along the coast to the west of the palace, and most of the people there were fishers.  Long Water River to the east ran from the northern mountains down to the sea, separating Royal City and Lumberland, where forests surround the rolling hills.  To the south in Mineral City, crops and farmers flourish due to the sediments carried down by the river.  
Once again, they were stared at by everyone else, but this time, it didn’t bother Orion as much.  They found that Royal City wasn’t much different from Lunspae’s only city.  There were all kinds of shops, large and small, all kinds of people scurrying everywhere, and all kinds of activities taking place.  The four of them wandered the cobblestone streets on horseback wondering where to go.  King Frederic had insisted that they take warriors with them, so there were five warriors on horseback, following the four friends.  They were very different than the royal escort that his mother had given the boys on Lunspae.  The lunimorf escort had six guards, all dressed in matching clothes with matching swords, and two of them carried flags.  All of the lunimorf horses were the same, too.  None of these telblec warriors carried flags.  They were all dressed differently.  Each horse was different from the others; a chestnut here, a black and white there.  Orion only saw swords carried by two of them.  He guessed that they all had different weapons, based on their preference.  They weren’t in any kind of order, either.  At least, Orion couldn’t see any order to where the warriors walked their horses.
“How about over there?” Rick asked, pointing to a fenced-in field full of teens yelling and whooping.
“Sure!” Chris answered, “Looks like they’re playing tawttuwy ball.  How ‘bout it, Orion?”
“Look’s like fun,” Orion replied as he led his horse toward the field.  Rick and Chris followed.
“Hey!” Joshua piped up, “Doesn’t anyone care what I think?”
“Not really,” Rick said carelessly, “So, what’s tawttuwy ball?” he asked as they tied their horses to the fence and stepped inside the gate.  Orion and Chris gave him a blank stare.
“It’s only the most popular game on the face of the planet,” Chris said sarcastically, “Where have you been?”
“Josh and I were born and raised on Lunspae,” Rick said defensively, “We’ve never heard of tawttuwy ball before.”
“Alright,” Orion chuckled, “let’s see if I can explain it to you.  See those guys over there?” Orion pointed to a group of teenagers running around a painted steel circle dangling from a chain.  “There are two teams, usually a red team and a blue team.  There are five members on each team.  The ball is made of cloth, and stuffed with plastic pellets, so that it doesn’t bounce.  That ring on the chain is the goal.  It’s set up in the middle of the playing area.  One side has been painted blue, and the other is red,” Orion pointed to the ring.  It was swinging and twisting freely on the chain, showing that one side was red and the other was blue.  Some of the paint had been chipped off so that the bright silver of the steel ring shone through.
“The goal of tawttuwy ball,” Orion continued, “is to get the ball through the ring.  You get one point each time it goes through, and the game is done when one team reaches ten points.  However,” he glanced sideways at his brothers, “if you’re on the red team and manage to get the ball through the ring on the blue side, the blue team gets the point.  Get it?”  The others nodded.  “Good,” Orion turned back to watching the game, “Oh, and another thing.  You’re not allowed to touch the ring or grab the ball with your hands.  You have to get the ball in or pass to your teammates using only your feet, knees, elbows, or head.
“So,” Orion gazed at his brothers, “ready to play tawttuwy ball?”
“Uh,” Rick stammered, not to sure about playing a game he had never heard of, “I think I’ll sit this one out.”
“Sounds like fun!  Count me in!” Joshua exclaimed as he and Chris trotted over to the group. 
“Can I play, too?” One of the warriors asked, dismounting.  Orion glanced at the warrior.  He looked pretty young, maybe only a couple years older than Orion.  His black hair was short, and he wore a long, dark brown coat buttoned down to his knees.  He had dark gray pants on and brown leather boots.  The warrior was standing straight, but he had an unusual lump on his back by his neck.  Orion couldn’t tell what it was since it was covered by the coat.  He didn’t think the warrior would be able to keep up since he was so big around, but Orion wasn’t about to be rude.  He also didn’t think that the warrior couldn’t be much of a warrior, either, but the bright, gold eyes that shone from under dark brows told him otherwise.
“Sure, you can,” Orion smiled.  “What’s your name?”
“Alex,” the warrior said as he tied his horse beside the others.  The other warriors, who looked years older than the boys, stayed in the saddle and watched them.  “I really appreciate this, majesty.  Nobody really let’s me play anymore.  They think I’m weird because of the bump on my back,” he reached up, over his shoulder, and laid a hand on the lump.  Orion thought he was a little weird, too, but didn’t voice his opinion.
The teenagers were more than happy to let Orion, Chris, Joshua, and Alex play.  Four of the group sat out with Rick to allow room for the new members.  Joshua got the hang of tawttuwy ball right away, and before the first point was scored, Rick was itching to join.  Orion, his brothers, Chris, and Alex took turns with the other teenagers, and played for the rest of the day, taking a break for lunch when the sun was at it’s highest point in the sky.  Alex had surprised them all with his skill at the game, making the opposing team complain that Alex needed to be on their team, so Alex switched teams a few times.  Finally, it was time to head back to the palace.  Orion was looking forward to training with his friends and Bertha again.
“Hey, Alex,” Orion said once they were on their way, “Would you like to train with us?” Orion had underestimated Alex’s skill with a tawttuwy ball, maybe he was also underestimating Alex’s ability to be a warrior.
“You’d want me to be there with you?” Alex asked, becoming excited.  “Really?” Orion nodded.  Chris smiled.  Orion had the feeling that he and Chris were thinking the same thing.  “This is so cool!  Nobody ever wants me around anymore.  Not since...,” he let his voice trail off as he reached over his shoulder and rubbed the lump on his back.  Orion didn’t say anything.  Alex hadn’t taken his coat off, or even unbuttoned it the entire time they were playing, even though Orion could see him sweating.  Orion figured that he had a horrible disfiguration caused by a battle where the lump was, similar to the way the right side of Orion’s face was all scarred up when he lost his eye.  He lifted his right hand slowly and began tracing some of the deeper scars under the hair that fell in front of his face.  Orion wondered if Alex would take the long coat off to train, but he didn’t think so.  Alex seemed more embarrassed by the lump on his back than Orion did about his scarred face.
When they reached the palace and given their horses to the stable hands, Orion, Rick, Joshua, Chris, and Alex ate a quick dinner and headed down to the courtyard.  Bertha was waiting for them, along with Orion’s four friends.  Kevin and Teddy, who hadn’t seen Orion yet since they were busy the night before, ran over to greet Orion, and to introduce themselves to Orion’s brothers.
“Welcome back, Orion,” Bertha came waddling up to them.  Orion thought she looked a lot older, although he hadn’t been gone a whole year.  Her hair, instead of being black with a few gray strands, was now gray with a few black strands.  Her wrinkles seemed to have gotten deeper, too.  Her eyes hadn’t changed, though, and neither had her smile.  “How’s my youngest trainee?  Have you been keeping up with your training while you were gone?”
“Yep, and I’ve gotten a lot stronger, too.” Orion smiled at his friends’ mock terror.
“But you were already stronger than us, Orion,” Kevin mused, “You don’t want us to be able to touch you, huh?”  
“I just want to be the best that I can be,” Orion explained, “Maybe someday, if I’m strong enough, I’ll be a warrior.”
“I don’t think strength will be a problem for you, Orion,” Teddy said, chuckling.  Orion could tell that he was hiding something, but didn’t question him.  
All of the boys, except Joshua, began their exercises.  Orion watched as his five friends seemed to do twice as much as they did before he left.  Alex, too, seemed to exercise more than he should have been able to.  His friends seemed to give Orion sly grins while they did sit-ups, push-ups, stretches, and chin-ups.  Orion found out why when they started sparring.  Usually, Teddy, Jose, Kevin, and Shane would gang up on Orion, while Chris got ready with the fire baton.  This time, Chris and Jose ganged up on Orion, while the other three stood by, watching.  Orion thought they were crazy, and that they wouldn’t be on their feet for very long, but the first one down this time was Orion.  His friends had gotten a lot better while Orion was away.
“Wow, you guys improved a lot while I was on Lunspae,” he surmised as he got up, wiping some dirt off of his face.  His friends just puffed up their chests with secretive smiles.  “What’s going on?”
“This is going on, buddy,” Chris stepped over to Orion, pulling his sleeve back, and revealing a shiny, silver wristband.  Orion gaped at it, then glanced up at the other boys as they rolled up their sleeves, showing off their new silver gauntlets.  “We got the idea from you, Orion,” Chris explained as he pulled his sleeve back down.  “We’ve been training with these ever since you left.  I’m up to forty pounds each.”
“I’ve got thirty,” Kevin said, “and so has Jose.”
“Mine are thirty five,” Shane said.
“I’m only able to handle twenty five,” Teddy said, sheepishly, “but that’s okay.  I’m going to get better until I can train at sixty pounds like you, Orion.”  Orion laughed.
“Do you really think I would have stayed at sixty all this time?” he asked, still laughing.
“Of course, Orion,” Chris spoke up.  “There’s no way you can make these heavier than sixty pounds each.”
“Actually, there is,” Joshua piped up.
“What do you mean?” Chris eyed him suspiciously.  He still wasn’t used to the fact that Orion and Joshua looked identical except for hair and eye color.
“With fysimae, I can make the wristbands weigh hundreds of pounds if I wanted,” Joshua explained.  “Here, let me show you.” Joshua’s eyes glowed green as he raised his hands at Chris.  At the same time, Chris’s wristbands began to glow the same shade and Joshua’s eyes.  In a moment, Chris went from lounging on his feet to struggling to stand up.  With a grunt, he fell to the ground.  The strange green glow of Joshua’s fysimae faded out.  No matter how Chris struggled, he couldn’t pick himself off the ground.  The others laughed.
“All right, all right, you got me,” a helpless Chris struggled in vain to get up.  “Will you let me up, now?”  Joshua chuckled as his eyes and Chris’s wristbands began glowing green again.  In no time, Joshua had restored Chris’s wristbands back to forty pounds.  The others laughed again.
“Just to let you know, Chris,” Orion chuckled, “I can do the same thing, and my wristbands and anklets are up to eighty five pounds each.”  The laughter ceased as all eyes were on Orion.
“Seriously?” Shane asked.  Orion nodded.  “Amazing,” Shane whistled.
“And have you been working on that pyrophobia of yours, Orion?” Bertha asked.  Orion smiled real big.
“Why don’t we see about that?” Chris said as he dashed off to get the fire baton and some matches.  He was looking forward to humiliating Orion now, after he had been humiliated by Orion’s brother.  Lighting the baton, Chris came around a bend in the cobblestone path.
“You ready, buddy?” Chris sneered, twirling the baton in front of him, allowing the flames to dance.
“Oh, yea,” Orion replied, standing casually, looking over his shoulder at Chris.  Chris started running full-speed at Orion, waiting to hear his friend’s screams of fright, but they never came.  Instead, when Chris got close enough, Orion twisted around and grabbed the baton, holding Chris’s hands on the wooden shaft.  Orion lowered the baton and stuck his face into Chris’s as his good eye began to glow blue with fysimae.  There was a blue glow coming from underneath his eye patch, too.  The heat began to make both of them sweat and the others back away as Orion enlarged the double fires, making them burst and go out.  Orion released the baton, wiped sweat from his brow, and smirked at his friend, stepping back.  Bertha, Shane, Jose, Kevin, and Teddy just stood there openmouthed at Orion’s performance.  Rick and Joshua cheered.  Chris just stood there with the baton in his hand, staring at where the fire had been only seconds before.
“I taught him that!” Joshua said, jumping up and grasping Orion on the shoulders.
“Amazing, Orion,” Bertha clasped her hands, “Simply amazing!  Congratulations on overcoming your pyrophobia!  I knew you could do it!”
“Who said you ever had pyrophobia, Prince Orion?” Alex asked, folding his arms and grinning.  Orion beamed.


Chapter 23

Each day passed quickly, and the weeks flew by.  Alex joined Orion for training in the evenings, and had a set of gauntlets made, too.  Before Orion knew it, his seventeenth birthday was only a day away.  He had planned to spend the evening with his friends and his brothers, who had agreed to stay there with him, but he found himself in his father’s room again.
They were both sitting on a couch in King Frederic’s den.  The heavy curtains around a large, glass door the led to a balcony had been drawn, allowing the evening sunlight to stream in.  Neither of them were very comfortable being in the same room, since they never spent much time together.  King Frederic glanced over at his son, still trying to convince Orion to stay on Olhoe.  So far, he had been unsuccessful, and Orion looked forward to going back to Lunspae after his birthday.  
“I asked you here because of your birthday.”  King Frederic looked down.  “I have something for you.”
“Really?” Orion’s eyes sparkled.  The last time his father had given him something the night before his birthday, it had been really special.  It was this ring, Orion thought, glancing down at his hand.  His father gave it to him when he was five years old, said that it was magical, and that it had secrets.  The ring shimmered like there was a tiny crown inside the emerald.  Although he couldn’t read it, Orion had seen writing on the inside of the gold band.
“Yes, Orion.”  King Frederic fiddled with something beside him.  Orion watched as his father unstrapped the dagger he always wore on his hip, and folded the leather belt.  “This, Orion, belonged to my father,” he said, holding the dagger gingerly.  “He died years before you were born, when I was a little boy.  I was given this dagger when I was old enough to use it without cutting myself to ribbons.”  King Frederic paused and raised his eyes to Orion’s.  “And now I want you to have it.  Sorry I didn’t wrap it up.”
“You’re giving me your dagger?  But-, but you love that dagger.” Orion argued, amazed that his father would give him such a personal treasure.  He always thought that his father loved the dagger more than him.
“I love you, Orion.” The two of them sat there in silence for what seemed like hours, gazing into each other’s eyes.  Finally, King Frederic broke the silence.
“Go on, take it.” He smiled, handing the dagger to Orion.  “Just do me one thing, Orion.  I want you to wear it during your party.”  An idea had just hit him, “And afterwards, I can teach you how to use it.”  He shifted his gaze to the fire.  “You know, I can block arrows with only this dagger.  Even the ones launched by a crossbow.”
“Really?  No way!” Orion was amazed.
“Oh, sure.”  King Frederic looked at Orion again.  “It took me a while to learn it, but I did.  And you can learn it, too.”  He didn’t want to tell Orion that he had actually learned to block arrows during his year of enslavement on Lunspae.  Gaining the empress’s trust, he had been allowed his dagger back, and had spent some time with the guards, learning new skills.
“Wow,” Orion breathed, and looked down at his father’s dagger.  The silver handle and gently curved sheath were covered in tiny emeralds, rubies, and diamonds.  At a closer inspection, the emeralds took the shape of a dragon, and the rubies were it’s fiery breath.  The diamonds seemed to fill in everywhere else.  Orion turned it over and over in his hands, taking in every single gemstone.  “Thank you, Father.  This means a lot to me.”  Orion looked up at his father.  King Frederic was smiling.
“Try it on.  Let’s see how you look.”  King Frederic motioned for Orion to get up.  He helped Orion place the leather belt and fasten it.  Orion stepped back and turned around slowly.  “It suits you,” King Frederic said.  Orion trotted to a full-length mirror inside the washroom, and admired the dagger and how it looked on him.
Wow, Orion stared at the dagger, I can’t believe he actually gave this to me.  It’s his only heirloom from his parents! 
 “How do you like it?”  King Frederic had come in and stood right beside his son.  Orion looked at himself up and down.  
I can’t believe how much I look like him.  Everyone was right.  If I had black skin and black hair, I could be his twin instead of Josh’s!  “I like it a lot.”  Orion turned, stepped forward and wrapped his arms around his father.  “Thank you.”  King Frederic hesitated, and returned the hug.
“I have something else for you, too, Orion.”  King Frederic said, stepping away awkwardly.  Orion followed his father back into the main room.  King Frederic began rifling through the papers on his overly large desk.  “Here it is!” he said, pulling a thin, black folder out from under a notebook.  He handed the folder to Orion, who opened it to the single piece of paper inside.  King Frederic didn’t need to tell Orion what it was for, but he did anyway.
“As of tomorrow, you are officially a warrior, Orion.  You’ve earned it.  I’ve sat in on some of your training sessions, actually most of them, and I’m told that you train like that all the time.”  He beamed at Orion, who was running his fingers over the certificate, wondering if it was really real.  Orion had dreamed of being named a warrior by his father for years, and now it had happened.  Orion could feel the tears welling in his good eye.
“Now then,” King Frederic became serious, “every warrior needs his own horse.  You’re no exception.”  Orion stared at his father as he blinked the tear away.
“My own horse, too?  Wow!”  Orion could barely contain his excitement.  Until now, he had to borrow a horse anytime he wanted to ride.  “Can I see it now?  Please?”
“Sure,” King Frederic chuckled, “Let’s go down to the stables.”  The two of them made their way through halls that seemed to be miles long to Orion.  The daylight hadn’t completely diminished yet due to the longer days of late spring.  The stable hands were just starting to bring the horses in for the night.
“Your Majesties,” one of the stable hands greeted Orion and his father.  “What can I do for you this evening?”
“We want to see the foal.”  King Frederic replied.
“Foal?” Orion asked, “You mean we got a new foal?”
“Yes, and he’s yours, Orion.”  King Frederic smiled.  “ It would be best if you were able to bond with your horse from infancy.”
“Oh, wow, oh, wow, oh wow!”  Orion began trembling with excitement.  He had always dreamed of owning his own horse.  “Where is he?  I want to see him!”
“Yea, about that,” the stable hand said, sheepishly.
“What’s wrong?” King Frederic started to panic.  It figures.  I promise my son his own horse and it gets sick.  Oh, well, I can always give him another one, I guess.
“Nothing’s wrong with the foal, Majesty,” the stable hand quickly replied, sensing King Frederic’s frustration.  “It’s just that there was another one born today.  I’ve been waiting to tell you, incase you wanted to give the younger one to the prince.”
“Oh!” King Frederic was taken by surprise.  “So there’s nothing wrong with the first?  It’s not sick or anything?”
“No, Majesty.  Both foals are in perfect health, as well as the mares.”
“Okay, well,” King Frederic looked down at Orion who was standing on tiptoes, trying to get a glimpse of the foals.  “How about you pick, Orion?”
“Huh?”  Orion looked confused. 
“There are two new foals.”  King Frederic explained.  “I promised you one of them.  You can pick which one you want.”
“I can?  Really?  Thank you, Father!”  Orion turned to the stable hand.  “Where are they?  I want to see them!”
“This way, Majesty.”  The stable hand led them into the stable house where three horses had already been put to bed.  “Here’s one of them.  He’s in this stall with his mother.”  Orion stepped up to the door and gazed at the chestnut mare and her chocolate brown foal.  Both horses perked up their ears and gazed back at Orion, the foal laying down.  The foal had a large, white stripe down his face and a white spot on his ankle, just like his mother.
“That’s the younger one, Majesty.” the stable hand commented.  “The other one’s still in the pasture.  Would you like to see it?”
“Yes, please,” Orion was smiling from ear to ear with anticipation.  If this one is so cute, I wonder what the other’s gonna look like?
The stable hand grabbed a half-filled pail and led Orion and his father to a grassy hill where wild flowers were in full bloom.  A mare stood alone under an old oak tree.  Orion couldn’t see a foal anywhere.
“Careful, Prince,” the stable hand warned, “don’t get too close or you might spook her.”  He began shaking the pail of feed he brought with him and whistled to the mare.  She began trotting away from the tree, towards the stable hand’s pail.  Not long after she moved, a lump on the ground got up and took the shape of a large foal.  The foal was medium black, with a bright white star on his forehead.  Orion stared at the foal as it trotted to it’s mother and stood by her side, eyeing Orion.  The stable hand whistled again, and the horses followed him into the stable house, and into a stall.
“So, what do you think, Orion?” King Frederic asked, “Which one do you want?”
“I want the black one!  Can I have the black one, Father?”
“Of course you can, Orion.  I told you that you could pick.”  He and Orion walked to the stables to see Orion’s new little foal that was almost as tall as Orion.
“You do realize, Majesty,” the stable hand heaved a bale of hay into the stall for the mare, “that this little guy is gonna be blacker than the night in a year, right?”
“He is?”
“Yea, he’s gonna shed all his baby fur by this time next year, and grow a sleek black coat.”
“Ooh,” Orion breathed, trying to imagine his new little dark foal as a large, tough, midnight-black horse.
“Come on, Orion,” King Frederic clapped a hand on Orion’s shoulder, “it’s time we went back inside.”


Chapter 24

Orion’s birthday celebration began at dawn the next day.  With his brothers at his side, he had everything he had wanted and more.  There weren’t many people at first, but by noon, the crowds had gathered.  Everywhere Orion went, he was greeted with laughing children and smiling faces.  People would call to him from the crowds as he walked by.
“Happy birthday, Majesty!”
“Happy birthday!”
“My, what a fine young man!”
“Good day to you, Majesty!”
“Long live Prince Orion!”
“Happy birthday!”
Orion smiled at everyone and shook dozens of hands.  By two o’clock, he was exhausted, and stole off to be alone for a few minutes.  He found refuge behind a large bush, which was showing off it’s brightly colored flowers.  This bush reminds me of that flower shop I met Sandra in, he frowned at the memory, wondering if Sandra still hated him.  He sighed as he sat down and closed his eyes.  A rustling beside him told him that he wasn’t as alone as he thought.  He sat bolt upright and stared at the girl beside him.  She was unlike anyone he had ever seen.  Her hair was light reddish-brown, shining like hot tea in the sun.  Her cream face was smooth, and gave way to cherry lips that smiled at him.  But what caught his attention most was her eyes.  They were green, as light and delicate as the new spring grass, yet full of wisdom and power.  Her eyes seemed larger than normal, but that can’t be right, Orion thought, staring at her.  It must be my imagination.  She’s beautiful, though.  He smiled.
“Are you Prince Orion?”  she asked.
“Uh,” he muttered, trying to find his voice.
“You must be.  That crown of yours gives you away.  I hear that you’re really a lunimorf.”
“Half,” Orion stuttered, “Half lunimorf,” he corrected her.  “I’m half lunimorf and half telblec.”
“Good.”  She seemed unimpressed with what she saw as she looked him up and down.  “That saves me from having to ask you, then.”  Orion scooted back a little as she leaned closer.  “Listen, I have something very important to tell you.”  Her voice was barely above a whisper.  Orion’s curiosity took over as he became still and listened.  “My name is Kelia.  I am not a telblec,” she said, “nor am I a lunimorf.  I am a being that is somewhere in between the two.  I am a jisbae.” She paused, allowing Orion to take it all in.  When he didn’t say anything, she continued, “There are two kinds of jisbae, a pureblood and a halfling.  A pureblood is someone who’s parents are jisbae, and their parents are jisbae, etc.  A halfling is a person who’s parents are not jisbae.”
“Well, what would their parents be then?” Orion asked, imagining what it would be like to stroll along the shoreline at night with her, holding her hand, and not believing a word she said.
“To understand properly, I have to give you a bit of background on the jisbae.  You see, thousands of years ago, the jisbae flourished.  There were thousands of them, and they were the most powerful race in the universe.  But even with all that power, they were peaceful, and they helped to keep the peace among other peoples.  Then it happened.  It was inevitable.  It happens with every race now and then.”
“What was it?  What happened?” Orion asked, not really paying attention.  His thoughts were on a warm, moonlit night with waves crashing against the shore, and her sitting next to him in the sand.
“A civil war.  Nobody knows why it began.  Some believe that skin color had something to do with it, but whatever it was, it split the jisbae into two groups.”
“The purebloods and the halflings?” Orion wished she would get to the point so that he could ask her to go dance with him.  He was a fairly good dancer, and he thought he’d be able to impress her.  He listened to the band playing in the background.
“No, Prince Orion.  Halflings didn’t exist back then.  They came about as a result of the war.” She didn’t like being interrupted, and she let him know.  He was shocked that she wasn’t treating him with the kind of respect he deserved as prince, and on his birthday, too, but he didn’t say anything.  If he upset her too much, she might not want to dance.  She continued.
“The two groups began fighting with each other.  Many lives were lost, including innocent children.  The royal family was split, mother killing son, daughter killing father.  There were two princesses and their brother, the king.  Finally, one of the groups left the planet and settled on the moon.  That group wanted to take control of the planet, so they continued to attack the group that stayed.  Neither group wanted any acknowledgment of the other, so they both changed the name of their race.  This war lasted thousands of years, and still goes on today.
“Because these two groups have been separated for so long, they lost some of their powers, each group losing different powers.  If, at any time, a member from each group comes together and has a child, that child will be born, not as a member of either group, but as a jisbae.  A halfling jisbae.”
“So what did the two groups become?” Orion asked, with a feeling that he already knew the answer.
“The group that stayed on the planet’s surface became known as telblec, and the group that fled to the moon became known as lunimorf,” she said.  “And you, being born of both groups, Orion, are a jisbae.”
“Yea, okay,” Orion said sarcastically.  “So, would you like to dance, Kelia?  I’ve got the most popular bands playing,” he hot up to leave.
“Wait, Orion, there’s more!” She grabbed his wrist and pulled him back down.  He hit the ground hard, scratching his arm on the bush and staining the knees of his white pants.
“How dare you!” he was enraged.  “I ought to have you arrested for treating me like this.”
“Shut up and listen.” She knew he didn’t believe her, and she was determined to make him understand.  “There’s a price that everyone who’s born of a telblec and a lunimorf has to pay.  It’s the transformation.  Right now, you are a lunimorf, physically.  But sometime today, at the moment you were born, you will transform into what the jisbae really look like.  You will become stronger and more powerful.  Your senses will increase tenfold.  You will lose your voice and grow a tail and wings.  And this transformation will be painful.  Very painful.  You’re going to faint from the pain, and be unconscious for days, but when you wake up, you will be in the best days of your life.  You will finally understand what it means to be jisbae, who they were, what they were like, and how they lived.
“It will start as a small stomach ache.  I’ve seen it before, Orion.  There are halflings here and on Lunspae, but they’re hiding themselves.  It will happen today.  Prepare yourself for the transformation.”
“Whatever!” Orion yelled angrily.  He was back on his feet.  “I don’t believe you.  There’s no such thing as a jisbae.  While I am half and half, I’m not some weird monster that will transform into a hideous beast come nightfall.  You can forget the dance, too.  Now leave me alone!”  Orion ran away from her, afraid that what she said might actually come true.  That’s a load of bunk!  Orion thought irately,  I’ve never seen one of those things, so why should I believe they exist?  If the jisbae really did become telblecs and lunimorves, then why haven’t I heard of them before?
Because they don’t exist!  He answered himself.  He ran up to his rooms to change clothes, since the outfit he was wearing was now grass stained.  Back outside, he found Alex engaged in a game of tawttuwy ball, so he joined him.  Alex was still wearing the long brown coat, despite the heat of the late spring day.  Kelia’s story haunted him until dinner, where everyone’s chattering and the clinking of dinnerware echoed throughout the banquet hall.  There was a long, main table draped in white cloth with gold trim set up against the front wall for the royal family.  Everyone else found seats at the many smaller, round tables with matching tablecloths scattered everywhere.  After everyone was seated, Orion stood up and called for silence.
“Thank you all for coming to my birthday party,” he announced, both verbally, and using ninmisn, so that everyone could hear him, “I hope you’ve all enjoyed yourselves here.”  There was a lot of cheering and clapping.  When the noise died down, Orion continued, “I know some of you may leave early, and that’s fine, but I want you to know that I have gifts for everyone here.”  Again, the hall erupted with cheers and clapping, this time even louder than before.  It took a while for the noise to die down this time, but Orion continued once it had.  “The gifts will be passed out after dinner.  If you decide to leave early, please don’t forget to pick up your gift on your way out.  Once again, I thank you all for coming to my birthday party.  Let the feast begin!”
Lots of servants with food carts loaded with various meats and side dishes came from the edges of the room where they had been waiting.  They served everyone as fast as they could.  There were three servants handing dishes to the royal table.  The food was delicious, but Orion wasn’t enjoying his dinner as much as everyone else.
“What’s wrong, Orion?” his father asked between bites, “You’ve barely touched your food.”
“Nothing,” Orion answered, “just a bit of an upset stomach.  I’ll be fine.”  But Orion wasn’t fine.  What started out as a dull ache quickly turned into severe cramping, and the pain began spreading throughout his whole body.  “Excuse me,” he said through gritted teeth as he got up and left the banquet hall, clutching his sides.  Gripped with concern and fear that his son might have been poisoned, King Frederic left the table after Orion.  Orion didn’t make it to his rooms.  The pain had brought Orion to his knees in the hallway.  King Frederic found him on his side, writhing in pain, and trying to scream, but unable to make a sound.
“Orion!  What is it?” King Frederic was powerless to help his son, and he knew it.  He looked around for an answer, but there was no one around, just a strange girl with green eyes.
“Don’t worry, he’s not dying,” she said.  “We need to get him into bed.”  King Frederic didn’t hesitate.  He picked Orion up and carried him the rest of the way to his rooms.  Once there, Kelia began explaining that Orion was going through the jisbae transformation, and that there was nothing to worry about.
“MY SON IS IN TERRIBLE PAIN AND YOU SAY THERE’S NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT!?”  King Frederic shouted at Kelia.  “Are you nuts?!  This is my son we’re talking about!”
“Please calm down.  Yelling won’t do any good.” Kelia calmly looked down at Orion, who was crying, sweating, and gripping the blankets so tightly, he could have gotten water out of rocks.  “The only thing you can do for him is to give him a pain killer, but even that won’t take all the pain away.”
Just then, a doctor burst into the room.  King Frederic stood by and let the doctor do his work, but all the doctor could do was give Orion a shot to help him sleep.  Finally, Orion calmed down and fell asleep.


Chapter 25

Orion woke the next day weak and exhausted.  He ached everywhere.  Odd noises surrounded him as he opened his eyes to a light as bright as the sun shining in his face.  Some relief came when a face lined with scars and curly hair came into view.
“Father?” Orion tried to say, but no sound came out.  He started to panic.
“Use ninmisn, Orion,” a loud, booming voice said.  Orion cringed at the amplitude.  
“You have to whisper!” Another loud voice said,  “Remember, I told you his ears are very sensitive.”  Orion thought he recognized the new voice, but he couldn’t see it’s owner.
“What happened?  My party-,” he ninmisned to his father.
“Don’t worry about the party, Orion.”  The loud, booming voice was much softer now.  “The important thing is that you’re okay.”
“But what happened to me?  All I remember is that I was eating and  got a stomach ache that spread to the rest of my body.”
“It was the transformation, Orion,” the second voice said, “I warned you it would happen, but you didn’t believe me.”
“Tell me again, Kelia.  This time I’ll listen.” Orion  ninmisned.  She proceeded to tell him everything that she had told him the day before.  
“And now you have wings and a tail.  I’ll teach you how to fly when you’re ready.  You’ve also lost your voice, but I can grow it back for you.”  She reached up and gently laid her fingers on Orion’s throat.  He felt a tickling sensation as his vocal cords reformed.
“Thanks, Kelia.” His voice was a bit scratchy.  “You said that all halflings go through this transformation on their seventeenth birthday?”  He was getting stronger every minute.
“Yes, that’s right.”
“Then that means...” his voice trailed off as his mind wandered.  “Josh!”  Orion sat bolt upright and stared at the bed hangings at the end of his bed.  He gave her and his father a look of terror.  “That means that it happened to Josh, too!”  Orion flipped off the covers and swung his legs over the bed.  “I’ve got to go see him!”  Orion got up.  He was still wearing the same clothes as the night before since he didn’t have a chance to change.
“Orion, calm down!” King Frederic said in a panic, forgetting to whisper.  The amplitude of his voice made Orion clap his hands over his ears.  “Sorry,” he whispered, “but you need to stay in bed!”
“No, Father,” Orion turned around, “I have to see Josh.”  King Frederic had no choice but to give in.  Orion led the way to Joshua’s room.  There, they found him asleep in bed and Rick sitting on the bed next to him.
“Orion!” Rick exclaimed when they walked in, “are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m okay,” Orion cringed at Rick’s voice, “but please whisper.  My ears hurt.”
“Sorry, Bro,” Rick said quietly.  “I’ve been so worried.  Josh fell out of his chair in pain during the party shortly after you left.  I brought him here.  I called a doctor, too.  I didn’t know what else to do.”
“Mm-hm.” Orion said, not really listening.  He looked at his twin brother, who lay there asleep.  Orion couldn’t believe his eyes.  Joshua’s face had changed.  His eyes were larger, his nose and mouth were smaller.  His ears were long and pointy, with something shiny at the tips.  His mouth was open, and his teeth were showing.  Each canine tooth had elongated to twice the size of the rest of his teeth.  Is that what I look like? Orion began feeling his face, his ears, and his teeth, scratching his fingers.
“Careful, Orion.” Kelia stood beside him.  “Your teeth have become fangs, and they’re very sharp.  You also have tiny claws at the tips of your ears.”  He looked at her, surprised.  Her face was portioned similar to Joshua’s, and she had large, pointy ears.
“You mean-? You- you’re one of them?” he stammered, “A jisbae?”
“Yes, I am.”  She smiled at him.  “I told you yesterday. You are too, Orion.”  She sounded coy now that he believed her.  “And a cute one at that.”
“This is not the time, nor place,” he said, blushing.
“Whatever,” she brushed past him, and walked out the door.  Orion, his father, and Rick followed, taking seats on the couch and chairs in Joshua’s main room.  “I’m sure you all have questions.”
“I do,” King Frederic spoke up first.  “If we telblecs used to be jisbae, why don’t we look like Orion?  I mean the big eyes and ears and such.”
“I’m not sure why,” Kelia answered, “but telblecs and lunimorves have evolved into almost the same thing, and at the same time.  There isn’t that much difference, though.  The biggest change would be that you both lost your wings.”  
“Wings?” Orion had forgotten about that.  “I have wings now?”
“Yes, but don’t try to move them now.  You won’t be able to.  Your wing muscles still need time to develop properly.”
“It doesn’t feel like it, though.  My back’s just sore.”
“Here, let me show you.”  Kelia got up and crossed the room.  “Stand up, Prince.”  She grabbed a hold of a feathery mass and pulled it out.  Orion cringed at the pain, but Rick and King Frederic were in awe.
“What?  I can’t see!”  Orion tried to turn his head, but he was too sore to turn enough.
“Use their eyes, Orion.”  Kelia motioned towards the two sitting on the couch.  Orion ninmisned into Rick’s eyes and saw himself with a large mass of snow-white feathers protruding from behind his back.  It resembled a wing, but since Orion couldn’t stretch it properly, it was more like a feathery blanket.
“Your wings look like they’re about seven to eight feet long.  Nine, once the long feathers grow in.”  She inspected his wings more carefully.  “I don’t believe it!  Not a single tan feather.  They’re all white!”
“So?”  Rick asked, “Is that bad?”
“No,” Kelia replied, letting Orion’s wing go and looking up.   His wing sprang back into a folded position, similar to the other one.  Orion tried looking over his shoulder again, but couldn’t see his wing.  He just felt a soft, feathery bump with his cheek where the fold in his wing was.  “It’s just very rare.  Usually, feathers are a mix of colors.” She stretched one of her wings out.  “Mine, for example, are reddish-brown.  There are dull red, orange, yellow, tan, and brown feathers, all mixed together, giving my wings an autumn-leaf coloring.  Prince Joshua’s wings will probably be similar to mine, maybe redder, since his hair is redder than mine.  Usually, the feather and hair colors are the same.  Also, each feather has a bit of a waxy film on them, making them waterproof, so you can fly with wet wings, like water fowl do.”
“And what about this?”  Orion had the end of his new tail in his hands.  It was covered with short, golden fur, the same color as his hair.
“Your tail may look like a cat’s tail, but it acts like a monkey’s tail.  Once you’re not so sore, you’ll be able to grip things with your tail, maybe even swing from it.”
“Cool,” Orion breathed.  He tried swinging it, and smacked it on the couch, causing a pang to run up his back.  “Ow!” he let it fall and sat back down.
“What about the stomach ache?” King Frederic asked.  “Why did the transformation begin with a stomach ache?”
“That’s because most of the change was happening inside,” Kelia explained.  “Not the stomach, exactly, but organs were re-arranging themselves, becoming larger or smaller based on the needed efficiency.  You see, jisbae can handle a lot more than telblecs or lunimorves can.  We can handle pain better, we can digest raw and bad meat without getting sick, process most poisons without much negative effects, and we can live on less food.  This means that certain organs inside our bodies needed to be much stronger than that of a telblec or lunimorf.”
“Ouch!” Orion cried out.  His arm was bleeding badly.  “What in the world-?”
“You scratched it,” Kelia was as calm as ever, but King Frederic and Rick had stood up to help,  “Didn’t you?”  She leaned over and healed his arm.
“I just had a small itch.  I went to scratch it and it started bleeding!”
“Take a look at your fingers, Prince.”  Kelia was starting to lose her patience.  “See your fingertips?  There’s no longer any fingernail.  You now have retractable claws, and they’re sharp, so be careful.”
“Retractable?  Like a cat’s?” Rick asked, observing Orion’s claws as he flexed them.
“Yes.”
“So, if a telblec and a lunimorf have a child together, that child is a jisbae, right?”  King Frederic asked.  Kelia nodded.   “Well, what if a jisbae and a telblec have a child together?  What will that child be?”
“Technically, it’s not possible.”  Kelia looked down.  The others looked at her in shock.
“What?” King Frederic got up.  “What do you mean it’s not possible?  Of course it is!”  All eyes were on King Frederic.  “And living proof is standing right there,” he said, pointing to Rick.  Now everyone’s eyes were on Rick.
“Huh?  How-?  What do you mean?” Rick stammered, “I’m a lunimorf!”
“You mean your mother never told you about your father?” King Frederic asked, sitting back down.  
“Yes, she did,” Rick’s anger was rising.  He fought to keep his voice steady, “He was a no good cheap skate who ran off when I was two years old.” Rick crossed his arms, “And I don’t want to talk about him.”  He glared at King Frederic, but King Frederic was unfazed.
“But,” he pressed on, “did she tell you how different he was?”  Rick remained silent.  “She told me,” King Frederic addressed Kelia, “that he had large, pointed ears, wings the color of sand, and a furry tail.  I had thought she was joking, but he must have been a jisbae, right?”  Kelia nodded.  “Then it has to be possible.”
“It’s only possible if the jisbae shape shifts,” Kelia explained. 
“Why?” Orion asked.  “If telblecs and lunimorves have a jisbae child, then why does a jisbae have to shape-shift to have a child with either?”
“Well,” Kelia thought hard.  “You see, the jisbae don’t reproduce the same way as telblecs and lunimorves.  They have to conceive and wait nine months for a baby to grow in the female’s womb.  For jisbae, we do the dance of joining.”
“The what?” Orion asked, “What’s that?”
“The dance of joining,” Kelia explained, “is where two bodies become one.”  The others looked at her in confusion.  “That’s right.  There is a male and female.  Both bodies begin to glow the color of their aura, which is also the color of their eyes, and then join together, so that you can only see one body.  But it’s glowing so much that you can barely make out the arms and legs.  This one body dances.  After the dance is over, the two bodies separate, and the glow that was created forms a baby.  It only takes a few hours.”  
“So the baby’s born by magic?” King Frederic asked.  “That doesn’t seem likely.”
“Yes, that’s right,” Kelia replied.  “In our ancient language, ‘Jisbae’ means ‘magic being,’ or, in other words, living magic.  Not only are we born by magic, we are kept alive by magic,”  Kelia thought for a moment, “We can do anything.  Jisbae can do all the ninmisn magic of the telblecs, all the fysimae magic of the lunimorves, and a lot more.”  
“What’s nin-, nin-iss-in magic?” Rick asked, stumbling over his words.
“Ninmisn is magic of the mind.  It involves speaking with the mind, reading another person’s thoughts, and being able to use another person’s senses like sight and hearing.  It’s the opposite of fysimae, which is magic of the body, like shape shifting, levitation, illusions with light, and things like that.”
“So what is the child of a jisbae and a telblec?” King Frederic demanded, annoyed that his question went unanswered.
“That child would be a quarterling jisbae, since he’s one part lunimorf and three parts telblec.” She looked over at Rick, “or in his case, one part telblec and three parts lunimorf.”
“Okay, so,” Rick was frustrated, “if I’m a jisbae, why do I look like a lunimorf?”
“That’s easy,” Kelia replied, “It’s because you’ve shape-shifted.  A person can hold a shape shift for days, weeks, even years, without wearing out.  It’s just like moving from one chair to another.  You don’t need any energy to sit in the first chair, but it does take energy to get up and walk over to the other chair.  Once there, you don’t use any energy to sit there, either.”  She looked sideways at him, “If you want, I can change you back to what you should look like.”
“Uh... sure, I guess,” All eyes were on Rick now, as Kelia stepped over to him.  
“Please stand and take your shirt off,” she said.  Rick did as he was told.  Kelia looked Rick up and down and giggled.  Rick turned red.  Kelia placed her fingers on his temples and closed her eyes.  Almost immediately, a green light began pouring out of Kelia’s fingertips and spreading over Rick.  Some of the green light broke free at the tips of Rick’s ears and formed larger, pointed tips before fading.  The rest of the green light slid over Rick’s shoulders and stretched off of his back, forming large wings and fading out.  A single, small drip of light remained and flowed down Rick’s back, forming a tail.  When it was over, Rick stood there as a jisbae.  His tail almost reached the floor, and his feathers were various shades of brown and tan.
“Wow,” Rick breathed, turning around and trying to see his own back.  “Look at me!  Just look at me!”
“Amazing,” King Frederic let out a sigh of awe.
“Cool!” Orion got up and circled Rick, pulling on his wings.  “How far can you stretch them?”  Rick stretched his wings as far as they would go.
“Nice,” King Frederic commented, “Looks like you got a fifteen foot wingspan.  How about you, Orion?”
“Let me try,” he managed to stretch his wings, despite the pain that lingered in his back.  King Frederic whistled.
“Looks to be about twenty feet,” he said, admiring Orion’s wings.  Rick blushed that his wings were smaller than Orion’s and folded them behind his back.  Orion didn’t notice Rick’s embarrassment as he folded his wings, too.  He turned to Kelia. 
 “So when are you going to teach us how to fly?” Orion asked.
“I’ll teach you when all three of you are ready.  We have to wait until your brother wakes up in a few days.”
“Man, I wonder what everyone will think of us becoming jisbae like this,” Rick said to nobody in particular, flexing his wings and swishing his tail.  
In fact, the idea that their prince just transformed into something else altogether on his birthday shocked the whole kingdom.  Those that lived in the palace stared at him everywhere he went, but he just ignored it.  Due to his increased hearing, Orion knew that everyone was whispering about him, but he wasn’t bothered by it.  Gradually, the stares and whispers died down, until everyone had gotten used to Orion’s new look.
Orion wandered down to the courtyard the day after his birthday.  He wasn’t tired like Kelia had predicted, and he had woken up sooner, too.  Joshua was still asleep, and hadn’t woken up yet.  Orion looked forward to training with his friends again.  Rick went with him, stretching and bending his wings, telling Orion how weird it felt.  Orion understood.  The wings were definitely going to take time to get used to.  Orion kept his folded more than Rick because they were still a bit sore.
Down in the courtyard, Orion found his friends huddled up near the fountain.  They were usually lounging about talking loudly about nothing, not whispering excitedly, like they were now.
“What’s going on?” Orion asked, wanting to be a part of whatever it was.  Teddy and Shane, who had their backs to him, turned around and stepped back.  In the middle of his other friends, Alex stood, looking proud and regal with one hand on his hip.  He didn’t look fat at all, like Orion thought before.  He looked rather dashing in his black, no-sleeve shirt that exposed his rippling muscles, and shiny black pants.  His black leather boots came up to mid-calf.  He had bright blue sapphires studded around the neck of his shirt and the top of his boots.  The sapphires matched the ones embedded in his silver gauntlets.  Orion stared.  He had never seen Alex without his long brown coat before.  Reading Orion’s mind, Alex smiled and stepped closer, away from the other boys.  He stood there, eyeing Orion for a moment before stretching his black wings to their full length of seventeen feet, and swishing his black tail.
“Wha-?  You-, you mean you’re a-?” Orion stuttered, taken aback.
“That’s right,” Alex smirked.  It happened to me about two and a half years ago, on my seventeenth birthday.  I would have been excited, but everyone who saw me was afraid.  Nobody wanted me around anymore, so I wore that coat to cover my wings.”  He folded his wings back, and reached up over his shoulder to touch the feathers.  Orion realized that was the odd lump Alex’s coat had been covering.  He also realized that the wings were the reason Alex had appeared fat.  Orion mimicked Alex and reached over his shoulder to touch his wing.  He looked up in amazement at Alex.
“But now that you’ve got wings too,” Alex continued, reaching around his left side and grabbing the edge of his wing, pulling out a loose feather and twisting it around in his fingers, “I don’t need to hide mine.”  He tossed the black feather away and gazed at Orion.  Orion remembered finding black feathers in the courtyard before, but he had always assumed they belonged to large black birds.  He stared at Alex.  
“So, are we gonna train or what?” Chris trotted up to Orion, circling him and pulling at his wings.
“Hey, stop that, Chris,” Orion batted at Chris’s hands, “My wings are still sore, and that hurts!”
“Sorry, buddy,” Chris said, still circling Orion.  The other telblec boys began circling Orion in the same fashion, poking his wings.  Orion had a time trying to get them all off of him.  Alex chuckled.  
Finally free of poking fingers, Orion began his exercises with the others.  He was getting used to the current weight of his gauntlets, and was looking forward to adding another ten pounds to each after the training session.  It took a while to get use to having wings.  He kept sitting on his wings while doing sit-ups.  Alex had to show him how to hold his wings and tail out of the way while he came back up.  Kelia came down as the boys were sparring.
“Alex!  I didn’t know you were here!” she exclaimed, jogging up to them.
“Kelia, good to see you again,” Alex greeted her with a hug.
“You two know each other?” Orion asked, glancing from one to the other.
“Yea,” Alex answered, “Kelia here warned me about the transformation a few days before it happened, and taught me how to fly afterwards.”  He gazed into her eyes.  It hit Orion like a bolt of lightning.  Kelia was Alex’s girlfriend!  Orion kicked himself mentally for trying to impress her, even if it was only in his mind.  He suddenly felt like a silly little boy among the young adults.
“No, she’s not my girlfriend, Prince Orion,” Alex said, reading Orion’s mind.  “I haven’t seen her for almost two years.”  He glanced accusingly at Kelia.  She giggled.
“I told you why I had to go, Alex,” she said, “So don’t give me that look.”
“Hey Alex,” a thought just struck Orion, “do you know fysimae?”
“Honestly, Prince Orion,” Alex looked exasperated, “If I knew fysimae, and could shape shift, don’t you think I would have gotten rid of these wings rather than suffer humiliation from everyone and hide in a coat when it’s so warm out?”
“I guess not,” Orion said, “Hey!  How about I teach you?  Or better yet, Josh could teach you.  He taught me everything I know.”
“Yea, I’d like that,” Alex said, smiling at Orion.
“Why don’t we start with something easy, like light pictures, tomorrow after my studies?”
“That would be great.”


Chapter 26

Boss looked out over the crowd from the second story balcony.  He and his three followers had riled up the ATA for a demonstration.  Just a harmless demonstration, the boss thought, where the worst is a nasty comment on a sign.  It had taken nearly a month to organize the demonstration.  He had wanted the zealots to begin the demonstration with rude comments about how bad the telblecs were, so that any lunimorf who didn’t like telblecs would join the crowd to listen.
“The telblecs stole our land from our ancestors,” one announcer was saying to the crowd, “and forced them away from the planet!  That’s why we have to live on the moon.  Because the telblecs stole our land!”  A loud cry of agreement rose up from the crowd.  Boss thought that the zealots were doing a pretty good job of ruffling the lunimorves feathers towards the telblecs.
Feathers, the boss thought, sighing.  He knew that Prince Orion had gone through some wild transformation and now had wings.  Supposedly, Prince Orion was now stronger than he ever was before.  And with Prince Joshua teaching him fysimae, Prince Orion was sure to be more of a challenge than Boss had thought at first.  Prince Joshua should still be enough of a pushover to not have to worry about.  Boss needed more people, but he also needed to keep an eye on Prince Orion at all times.  He’d have to trust his followers to keep the zealots rallied, and the zealots to keep everyone else on the edge.  He had more important things to do than watch the demonstration.  After one last glance over the crowd, Boss left to prepare his journey back to Olhoe.


Chapter 27

“Where were you yesterday, Rick?” Orion asked his brother.  They were both in Joshua’s bedroom with him, talking about all they had learned since Orion and Joshua’s birthday, four days ago.  Joshua had just woken up that morning, and was anxious to show off his new wings.
“Oh, uh,” Rick thought fast, “I was out, uh, for my private studies.”
“Okay, bro,” Joshua said, “who is she?”
“Huh?  Who’s who?” Rick asked, bewildered.
“Don’t play dumb with us, Rick,” Joshua said accusingly, “We both know what you really do during you’re ‘private studies’.”
“Y-you do?” Rick panicked.  If they knew what he did, he could be in big trouble.
“Yep.  You go to see your girlfriend,” Joshua said, matter-of-factly.  “And I want to know who she is.”
“Oh!  Uh,” Rick hadn’t expected that.  He didn’t have a girlfriend, but he supposed that it must look like he did have a secret love, the way he kept sneaking off alone all the time.  If Joshua wanted that to be Rick’s excuse for taking off, then that was fine with Rick.  It would keep his brothers from finding out what Rick really did.  “Alright, Josh, you got me.  Her name is, uh, Natalie.  Just, don’t tell Mother, okay?  Please?”  Rick knew that if their mother got word of Rick’s ‘girlfriend,’ she would want to meet her.
“Okay, Rick,” Josh smiled triumphantly, “I won’t tell.  You won’t tell either, right, Orion?”
“I don’t know.” Orion frowned.  “When I snuck off to be with my girlfriend, Mother grounded me.  It’s not fair that you can go see your girlfriend when I got in trouble.”
“It’s not that you got in trouble for seeing a girl, Orion,” Rick explained, “It’s because you snuck out of the palace on your own, when Mother told you not to, and you were attacked.  She was only trying to protect you.”  Orion’s frown deepened.
“Why are you allowed out on your own when neither of us are, Rick?” Joshua asked.  “Why does Mother trust you and not us?”
“Well,” Rick decided to tell them the truth, or part of it, anyway, “Actually, there’s an advanced school in the city that teaches certain things that I can’t learn from the palace.  I go there so that when I become emperor, I’ll know everything.  Except,” Rick hung his head a little, “I’m not going to be emperor, now, but,” he looked cheerfully at Orion, “at least I can be the emperor’s counselor, right, Orion?” Rick smiled, hoping that his explanation was enough.  Orion smiled and nodded.  Rick breathed a sigh of relief.  He had told his mother about the advanced school in the city, but he didn’t say which city.  The school wasn’t on Lunspae at all.  He had been sneaking off to Olhoe, disguised as a telblec, and learning ninmisn in Royal City.  Because of fysimae, he could breath in space, and grow large wings to fly.  Although, he thought, I won’t have to shape shift to get wings anymore, since finding out that I’m jisbae and have wings of my own, now.
“Rick!  Wake up, bro,” Joshua said, waving his hand in front of Rick’s face, and disturbing Rick’s daydream.
“Wha?  Sorry, bro,” Rick said, “I guess I was thinking about that school.”
“And the pretty girl you met there, huh?” Joshua chuckled.  Rick grinned sheepishly.
“Are you boys ready?” Kelia poked her head into Joshua’s bedroom.  “If you are, I’d like to show you how to fly.”
Kelia took the three of them to a high, rocky cliff side near the ocean for practice.  Orion was itching to get off the ground, but one look over the edge and Joshua wanted nothing more than to get back inside.  Demonstrating proper gliding techniques, Kelia leapt off of the cliff, waiting until she was halfway down before spreading her wings and landing gracefully on the sand below.  Orion was next.  He leapt off the cliff without fear, but had difficulty spreading his wings with so much wind forcing them closed.  The result was a painful crash landing.  After seeing Orion crash, Rick was determined to show him the right way to land, and he did.  Rick, having had lots of practice previously when he shape shifted, had no problem with his wings.  Joshua, on the other hand, had turned green and refused to stand up, let alone jump off the cliff.  Rick practiced gliding while Kelia worked with Orion and Joshua on flapping techniques.  They stayed out until dark, returning only when Orion claimed that he would miss his training session if they didn’t return.

*****

The sun shone brightly through the thin curtains of Orion’s bedroom the next morning.  He awoke to find Kelia sitting on his bed, her face only inches from his.  The shock of seeing someone else there caused Orion to cry out, get tangled in the covers, and fall off the other side of the bed.  Kelia’s musical laugh calmed Orion as he tried to untangle the covers from his legs, wings, and tail.  
“Heh, morning, Kelia,” Orion said, finally free of the covers.
“Good morning, Prince Orion,” she said, giggling.  
“You don’t have to call me ‘prince’,” he said, picking the covers up and putting them on the bed, “Just ‘Orion’ is fine,” he smiled.
“Alright,” she said, looking him up and down, “You know, Orion, you’re really cute in your underwear,” she giggled again.  Confused, Orion looked down at himself and realized that he wasn’t wearing anything but a pair of white undershorts.  Horrified and turning crimson, he grabbed the loose covers from the bed and attempted to cover himself.  Kelia giggled again.  “Um, why don’t I wait outside in your main room while you get dressed?” she asked, smiling at him.  He tried smiling back, but his embarrassment prevented much of a grin.  Thankfully, she left him alone and shut the door behind her.  He quickly threw some clothes on, dark blue to impress Kelia, quickly washed up and brushed his hair, pulling it back in his usual braid, grabbed his eye patch, and rushed out the door.  He wanted to make a good impression to make up for the bad things he said to her on his birthday.  He also figured that if she wasn’t Alex’s girlfriend, then there was no harm in trying to catch her eye, even though she was older than him.  He found Kelia lounging in his recliner and reading one of his books.
“I’m ready,” he said, straightening his eye patch and walking up to her.
“Great,” she said, setting the book down and getting up, “Let’s go bicycling.”
They stopped at Joshua’s room to wake him up, gathered a few warriors, including Alex, and rode horses to a large park outside of Royal city.  They tied their horses to a post, and rented bicycles.  Kelia and Alex were expert riders, but Orion and Joshua, having never been on a bicycle before, had some difficulty.  The other warriors stayed on their horses and trotted beside the bikes.
“Why are we riding these confounded things?” Joshua asked, turning his handlebars too far and falling over, “Horses are better.  At least they can stand up on their own.”
“This is a great exercise,” she explained, “and once you can ride it, it’ll help you to get used to the wind all around when you’re flying.”
“So, if this is such good practice for us,” Orion ran his bike into a tree, “why isn’t Ricky here?”
“Prince Rick proved that he doesn’t need the extra practice.  He glided perfectly off of that cliff yesterday,” she said, sitting on her bicycle with one foot on the ground and her elbows on the handlebars, watching Orion and Joshua struggling to learn how to stay on two wheels.  Alex was getting bored, fast, so he took to riding circles around where the princes, Kelia, and the other warriors were.
“Stop showing off, Alex,” Kelia said, watching him ride without holding the handlebars.
“Heh, maybe Prince Orion and Prince Joshua would like training wheels?” Alex said, chuckling at the princes’ poor performance.  It took several hours for them to get the hang of riding a bicycle, and by the time they did, it was getting dark.  Kelia decided to end the lesson for the day, and bring them back tomorrow.

*****

Over the next few days, Kelia brought Orion and Joshua out to practice bicycling.  Rick joined them, but stayed on his horse with the telblec warriors.  Kelia said that he didn’t need to learn how to ride a bike to help with flying, so he didn’t.  Orion and Joshua were getting better every day, and by the end of the third day, they were both speeding down the bike trail with the warriors galloping behind them.
“Wonderful!  You two are doing great!” Kelia exclaimed as the princes stopped in front of her, “Now comes the part that will help you fly.”  Orion and Joshua exchanged excited glances.  Neither of them knew how riding a bike would help them fly, but they were eager to learn.  “You remember how, when you jumped off the cliff the first day, the wind resistance prevented you from opening your wings properly?” Kelia asked.  Orion and Joshua nodded.  Orion couldn’t forget the painful crash landing in the sand below the cliff.  “Well, you get almost as much wind resistance when you’re riding a bike.  What I want you to do is start peddling - but don’t go too fast - and spread your wings as if you’re soaring.  You’ll get the feel of the wind above and below your wings, and through your feathers.  Once you’re comfortable with that sensation, you can go faster.”  
She demonstrated what to do by starting out slow, Orion and Joshua following, leaning forward, and spreading her wings.  Orion thought she looked pretty silly, but tried it anyway.  He found that at such a slow speed, he could extend his wings fully, with no problems.  The wind tickled his feathers, making his wings itch, but he kept them out.
“Alright, good,” Kelia ninmisned, too far away to be heard, “Listen, we’re coming to a bend in the path.  As you round it, you want to force one wing higher than the other to turn, but not too far.  Ready?” Orion saw the bend and folded one wing down while he brought the other up.  He did so nicely, but a little too soon.  The bicycle swerved off of the path and into a ditch.  Because his wings were still extended, he soared over the handlebars, tumbling to a stop in the mud.  Joshua, on the other hand, had altered his wings at the right time, but too much, swerving off the path and into a tree.
“Geez, you two make it look so easy!” Joshua said, lifting the bike off of him and picking himself up.
“Yea, I agree with Josh,” Orion said between winces.  His wing was bent at an odd angle and hurt something fierce.  Kelia walked over to where he lay.
“Looks like you broke your wing, Orion,” she said, holding up the loose end. 
“Ow!  That hurts!  Stop it!” Orion cried as she pushed him onto his stomach and forced his wing out.
“Oh, hold still you big baby,” she said, aligning the broken pieces of bone and healing it.  “There, you’re wing’s fine,” she let his wing drop.  He immediately folded it back into place.
“Yea, thanks,” he muttered, standing up.
“Alright, you two,” Kelia announced, getting back on her bicycle, “Get your bikes, we’re going to try it again.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Orion grumbled, brushing some of the mud off.
“You’re never going to learn if you quit, Orion,” she replied.  
“See, this is why most people learn to ride a bike when they’re little,” Alex snickered.
“Oh, shut up,” Orion snapped.


Chapter 28

Empress Anita paced in her main room.  She had a lot of work to do, but she couldn’t concentrate.  The palace had become unusually quiet and calm since her sons had gone on a trip to Olhoe.  She worried about her boys, expecting them to have come back by now.  They had been gone for the twins’ birthday, which they both had looked forward too.  Maybe they had a nice party on Olhoe, with their father, she thought.  She hoped that they’re being gone so long was due to them having a good time, and not because they were in trouble.  She was thinking about taking a trip herself, just to make sure they were okay.
The guards and warriors she had sent to watch over them regularly send letters back, saying how much fun they were having, and how Joshua and Rick had made new friends.  She was glad they were having fun, but she really missed them.  She had been losing weight due to having to eat alone.  She no longer had the chefs prepare small feasts, since she was the only one who would enjoy it.  Instead of dinner being a family event, it had become more of a chore.  Some of the servants had suggested that she go out and meet new people, maybe even find a nice man-friend, someone to enjoy dinner with.  She had tried that, but no one could ever replace her sons, especially Orion.
Orion, she thought, sighing and plopping down on the couch, what a handful, just like his father.  She remembered how moody he had been at first, prepared to fight his way out if he had to.  She seen his face in her mind when she introduced him to his twin brother, and when he realized that he could live there as a lunimorf prince.  Rick and Joshua had taken to Orion like a charm.  She was so pleased that the three of them loved each other so much.  Orion quickly let the other two know who was boss, and experimented by bending all the rules as far as they would go before they snapped.  He even bought a pet zupzie on his first day in the city, without knowing anything about it.
She glanced over to her stuffed chair, where Orion’s zupzie lay sleeping.  The little furball had grown ten times it’s size since Orion brought it home.  She was surprised that he didn’t take it with him when he left for Olhoe.  He probably didn’t expect to be gone so long, she thought, walking over and stroking the animal’s soft fur.  The zupzie yawned and stretched, turning over onto it’s back for a tummy rub.  Empress Anita obliged.  She wondered what had happened the night of the twins’ birthday, when the zupzie began wailing again.  The last time it wailed like that, Orion had just been attacked.  The animal wailed for hours, finally settling down around midnight.  A few days later, she got a letter saying something about some transformation, and that the boys were fine.  She didn’t pay too much attention to the letter, and was about to go to Olhoe herself to rescue her boys.  The letter she got the next day told her about how excited the boys were about the transformation, and that a young lady and a young man, who had gone through the transformation, were teaching the boys all about it.
She picked up the zupzie, making it squeak in protest, and sat down, placing the animal on her lap.  She wished her sons would return soon.  The palace just wasn’t home without them.  She held the zupzie to her breast and cuddled it like a baby.  The zupzie didn’t appreciate being turned on it’s back and squeezed, so it cried for freedom and hopped out of Empress Anita’s arms.  It pranced over to the rug in front of the warm fireplace and curled up for another nap.  Empress Anita sighed, wishing she could be as relaxed as Orion’s pet.
“Your Majesty!” a servant burst through the doors, out of breath.  A startled Star bristled, hissed, and ran to another room to hide.  Empress Anita jumped in her skin and looked up at him.  He didn’t even knock.  She was about to tell him off for scaring the wits out of her, but he continued, “They’re back!  The princes are back!”
“They’re back?” she asked, jumping up, “Really?”
“Yes, Majesty,” he panted, “Their ship just landed in the dock.”  Empress Anita didn’t wait another second.  She rushed out of her room and ran down the long halls to the dock.  There was already a crowd gathered around an unusual looking ship.  Probably a telblec ship, she thought.  It certainly seemed out of place among the other lunimorf ships.  
The crowd parted for her and a handful of guards who flanked her.  Looking up at the open door of the spaceship, she didn’t see her sons, like she had expected, but a man she had never wanted to see again - Roger.  Memories of him began flooding her mind.  She remembered meeting him for the first time and falling in love.  She remembered how odd he looked, with dark, sandy-colored wings and a tail covered in fur.  His eyes were huge and red, and his ears were pointed.  She couldn’t believe that he had come back after all this time.  After almost four years together, she had screamed at him, and he had taken off in a spaceship, swearing that he’d never return.  He left her with a broken heart and a two-year-old son, Rick.  Her heart stopped as she watched him descend the ship’s ramp and head straight towards her.
“Roger, what are you doing here?” she asked, whispering.  She was appalled that he would come back, and think so lightly of it.
“‘Roger’?” he said, confused, “Who’s ‘Roger,’ Mom?”
“Yea, Mother,” the other winged man standing beside him said, “Who is he?”  Empress Anita blinked in surprise.  She looked closer at the man she thought was Roger.  His hair was too brown, and so were his wings.  His eyes weren’t bright red, but a reddish-brown.  She recognized the small scar he had beside his nose, a scar that he had gotten while trying to slide down the palace stairs when he was five years old.
“Rick?  Is that you?” she asked, looking into his eyes.  He smiled.
“Who else would I be?” He shrugged playfully.
“She thought you were someone named ‘Roger,’” the other winged man spoke up.  Rick scowled at him.
“And you’re Joshua?” Empress Anita blinked in amazement as she grabbed her son’s shoulders.  “What happened to you two?  And where is Orion?”  She turned him around, pulling at Joshua’s wings.
“Ow!  Mother, stop that!  They don’t come off,” he exclaimed when Empress Anita pulled one of his wings hard.  Rick chuckled, but regretted it because it turned Empress Anita’s attention from Joshua to him.  She circled Rick, poking and prodding his wings, running her fingers up his ears, and pulling his tail.
“Mother,” Rick said, irritated, “Mother, would you stop that?  It’s us.  We’ve gone through the jisbae transformation, that’s all.”
“Well, actually, Orion and I went through the transformation.  Kelia just shape shifted you back to what you’re supposed to look like, Rick,” Joshua corrected.
“The what transformation?” Empress Anita asked.  She vaguely remembered reading something about some transformation in a letter not too long ago.  The boys proceeded to tell her all about it on their way inside.
“So what about Orion?  Why didn’t he come back with you?” she asked after they had reached her rooms and made themselves comfortable on the couch.  Rick and Joshua exchanged glances.
“He’s got a new girlfriend,” Rick said slyly.  Joshua chuckled.
“Yea, there was this girl, Kelia, who taught us how to fly and all,” Joshua asked, “Well, Orion fell in love with her.  You should have seen him.  She put us through some pretty humiliating exercises, but she could have made Orion eat the dirt from her shoes,” he laughed out loud.  Empress Anita couldn’t see how Orion, who had always seemed prouder than her other sons, would have subjected himself to such things for a girl.  But then again, Frederic was pretty easy to tame, too, she thought, remembering how often she made him kiss the floor she walked on.  
“Hey, Mom,” Rick sat up, “Guess how big my wingspan is,” he stretched his wings as far as they would go.  Empress Anita gasped in amazement.  Except for being a few shades darker, Rick’s wings looked just like Roger’s.  “Sixteen feet!” Rick exclaimed, not waiting for an answer.
“That’s nothing,” Joshua stood and spread his red-orange wings, “Mine are eighteen and a half.  That’s two and a half feet bigger than Rick!”
“That’s because you’re taller than me since you’re half telblec.  Your father is really tall, too,” Rick pointed out.  “Orion’s wingspan is a full twenty feet, and guess what, Mom?  His feathers are all pure white!  Even Kelia was impressed by that.  She says that white wings are rare.”
“And we met another jisbae, too,” Joshua folded his wings and sat back down, “His name is Alex.  His skin is as dark as a telblec’s, and he has black wings.  Black!  Just the opposite of Orion, but they’re good friends.”
“And his father had made Orion a warrior, too!  Orion told me during his birthday celebration,” Rick added.
“Yea, he also gave Orion a horse and his own dagger, too,” Joshua said with a note of jealousy.  The two boys rambled on about everything that had happened while they were on Olhoe.  Empress Anita listened as best as she could, but the boys kept jumping off topic and interrupting each other.  She sighed, wondering how Orion was doing back on Olhoe, and wondering if she’d ever see him again.


Chapter 29

A chilly breeze blew past Orion as he stood on his balcony, leaning on the railing and staring at the sky.  Unlike the past several days, there were large, gray clouds meandering through the sky, hiding the sun.  He knew winter would be here soon.  He had spent his last winter on Lunspae, where it didn’t get very cold, or even snow.  He knew that this winter on Olhoe was going to be severe, like it usually was.  He shivered, remembering how he would have to bundle up to go outside.  Today, however, was just the beginning of autumn, and the first day of Olhoe’s harvest festival.  Orion smiled to himself and rushed back inside to find Kelia.  He found her in the guestroom she had been given, brushing her hair.
“Hurry up, Kelia,” he said as he crossed the room to where she was sitting in front of a mirror.
“What’s your rush, Orion?” she asked, “In a hurry to crash again?”
“No!” Orion thought about all the flying practice she had been giving Orion and his brothers, and about crashing more often than not.  “It’s just that the festival begins today.  I’d like to take you into the city for the festival.”
“Too bad your brothers have already gone back to Lunspae,” she said, “They could have come with us.”
“Oh, they’re probably enjoying Lunspae’s harvest festival,” Orion said, slightly annoyed.  He had been looking forward to treating his brothers to Olhoe’s harvest festival, just like they had treated him to Lunspae’s harvest festival.  Orion and Joshua’s birthday had been in the spring, and it took all summer for Kelia to teach them how to fly.  They had finally got the hang of it less than two weeks before the festival, and had decided to go back to Lunspae.  “Come on, we can enjoy ourselves without them.”  Kelia giggled.
“I’m sure we can, Orion,” she said, batting her eyes at him, “I’m sure we can.”
“You didn’t think you’d get away without me, did you?” Alex said, catching up with Orion and Kelia as they headed out of the palace.
“Alex!  What are you doing?” Orion asked, facing his friend, “Where do you think you’re going?”
“I’m going to the harvest festival with you,” he said.
“Oh, no, you’re not!”
“Oh, yes I am,” Alex crossed his arms and blocked the door, “You know as well as I that you’re not allowed into the city without me.  What if something happens?”  Orion sighed, annoyed.  He knew that Alex was telling the truth, and that it was unwise to be in the city without him.
“Alright, fine,” Orion said, pushing Alex out of the way.  He had been looking forward to spending time with Kelia and nobody else, but he knew there was no getting out of the palace without at least one other warrior, and Alex had volunteered.  “Let’s just go before my father finds me and wants me to be in that stupid carriage with him.”  Until this festival, whenever Orion went out, it was with King Frederic in a royal carriage with several guards flanking them.  Orion wasn’t able to fully enjoy the festival from inside.  This year, however, he had been looking forward to savor every minute of the festivities as part of the crowd.
The harvest festival was the same every year, and very similar to Lunspae’s festival, only bigger.  Since there were about five times more telblecs than lunimorves, the festival was about five times bigger.  It lasted for two weeks instead of one, with different activities each day.  Today, there was a contest to see who grew the largest pumpkin.  Orion marveled at the largest pumpkin, weighing in at over two thousand pounds.  It was placed on a special platform, with the second and third place winners beside it.  They moved on to an area with several tables in neat rows.  This was where the judging for the crafts made out of gourds would be.  There were several neat ideas already there, including a small pumpkin that had been carved with a large hole in the front so that you could see a small fountain inside.  There was even a pair of small goldfish swimming around the pool of water in the bottom of the pumpkin.  The judging for this contest would be a people’s vote, and would take place tomorrow.  There were more tables set up elsewhere for the art contest, stands for prize fruits and vegetables, and an area for a tasting contest, where the aroma of pies and cakes drifted from.
Everywhere they went, people were crowded in, making it difficult to get around.  Orion briefly wished that they had ridden horses instead of walking.  The three jisbae were smaller than the telblecs, so it was hard to see where they were going until they ran into a table.  A clattering of horse’s hooves on the cobblestone streets caught Orion’s attention.  The crowd parted as a large, white carriage, pulled by two white horses, rolled by.  The carriage’s top was open, and it had gold trim all around it, and was flanked by several guards from the palace, each on white horses.  Orion realized with a sigh that this was his father’s carriage, the one they always rode in during the harvest festival.  Orion trotted up to the carriage, followed by Kelia and Alex.
“There you are, Orion,” King Frederic said, looking over at Orion, who was leaning on the door, “I was looking for you.  I didn’t think you’d want to miss the harvest celebration.”
“I figured that, since I’ve been in the city before, I’d come on my own this time,” Orion said airily, hoping that his father wouldn’t make him ride in the carriage back to the palace.
“I guess, as long as you have warriors with you, you can be out without me,” King Frederic said, glancing at Alex and Kelia.  “You’re right.  You have been in this city before.  I just want you to be careful, okay?”  Orion smiled.  “And I don’t want you to be out too late, alright?”  
“Yes, sir,” Orion sighed, rolling his eyes, “I won’t stay out too late, and I’ll keep these two with me at all times.”  That seemed to satisfy King Frederic, and he left with his guards trotting behind the carriage.
“I knew you wouldn’t be allowed out without me,” Alex said as the three of them explored more of the festival together.

*****

“Beautiful night, isn’t it, Kelia?” Orion asked, gazing at the sky.   “Wanna go flying?  Just you and me?”  After several weeks of practicing and sore wings, Orion had finally got the hang of it.  The festival had ended with theatrical acts to be judged a week and a half ago.  Orion, Kelia, and Alex had gone out to watch with Chris, Jose, and Teddy.  Shane and Kevin had accompanied Orion on other days, but were too busy to go out on the last day of the festival.  Kelia helped Orion perfect his flying techniques when it was warm enough, amazed that his wings were so big, and pure white to boot.  She had never seen a twenty foot wingspan, or a pure color, and had told him so.  Alex’s wings, although huge, were only seventeen feet.  They looked pure black, but on a closer inspection, there were brown and dark gray feathers mixed in with the pure black ones.
“Not tonight,” Kelia replied, looking down.  She and Orion were walking alone together in the courtyard, hand in hand, as they had done so many nights before.  The unusual heat of the autumn day stuck around after the sun fell asleep.  A soft breeze blew past them, tickling their hair.
“What’s wrong?” Orion stopped and looked at Kelia.  She was even more beautiful in the moonlight than Orion remembered.  Her light green eyes sparkled out from under her reddish-brown hair.  Orion had worn mostly dark blue since she showed up and let him know that blue was her favorite color.  This time, he wore a midnight blue silk shirt, open-fronted the way he liked, lined with silver and studded with sapphires.  It was sleeveless, and he had changed the color of his gauntlets from gold to silver to match his outfit.  His silk pants were the same midnight blue, with sapphires studded down the outside to his shiny black boots.  She had convinced him to get his left ear pierced during the festival, and he now had a small sapphire earring sparkling in his ear.  The green and red gemstones on his father’s dagger that he wore on his hip stood out, but he swore up and down that no matter how much it clashed with his clothes, he’d never change it in any way.
“Nothing,” she replied, meeting his eyes.  She had on a simple maroon dress made of cotton cloth.  A plain black sash was tied in a bow at her waist behind her.  The neckline wasn’t too low, but it did show off the top of her cleavage.  It was sleeveless, allowing the moonlight to play off of her round shoulders.  The skirt was cut a few inches above her ankles.  She wore plain, black dress shoes with no heel.   “It’s just that, well, I wish I could stay here with you.”
“What?  Why do you have to go?  Where do you have to go?”
“Orion, I’ve been helping halflings like you and your brother for many years.  It’s what I do.  And I feel kinda guilty just sitting back, enjoying myself, when there’s probably other halflings about to go through the transformation without any warning at all.”
“You don’t have to worry about that, Kelia, it’s not your duty,” he took her hand and kissed it.  “I want you to stay with me.  Please.” Orion pulled her close.
“Orion, I-” Before she could finish her sentence, Orion had pressed his lips to hers, and wrapped his arms around her.  She closed her eyes and melted into his embrace.  Neither of them wanted that kiss to end, but a rustling from above pulled them apart quickly.
“Just the leaves,” Orion said, looking at the branches above them.
“I have to go, Orion.  These past few weeks have been the best in my life, and I thank you, but I can’t stay.”  
“But-,” Orion turned to her, “why?”
“Goodbye, Orion.  There’ll always be a special place for you in my heart.” She stepped away from him and spread her wings.  He watched her as she took off and disappeared behind a turret.  She was gone, and he was left to gaze at the stars alone.
“Goodbye, Kelia,” Orion whispered.


Chapter 30

Boss walked through the large dojo, glancing at all the new faces gathered there to train themselves for battle.  The demonstration was a huge success, adding over a hundred new members to the ATA.  Unfortunately, those new members were just ordinary people who had no fighting experience whatsoever.  In a meeting earlier, he had explained to them all that they needed to be ready in case the horrible telblecs were to travel to Lunspae and take the land here, too.  He knew that the telblecs had never, in the entire war, invaded Lunspae, and he figured they never would, either, but he had to get all the new members ready for battle without letting them know he had planned on attacking the telblec palace.  He wondered briefly how he was going to get them all in the mood to travel to Olhoe and attack.  He wasn’t too worried about that, though, because the zealots knew how to play a crowd.  They had, after all, recruited over a hundred new members, but they needed to be trained, and as soon as possible, before anyone outside the ATA got wind of what was happening.
A cry from a boxing ring caught his attention.  A middle-aged man was being carried away, gripping his knee tightly.  Boss figured that his leg had been broken.  The fighter in the ring, however, was still hopping from foot to foot, looking for another challenger.
“Is there anyone here who isn’t too much of a coward to get into the ring with me?” he called out to the entire dojo.  Several people turned to face him, but one by one, they shrank back and continued what they were doing.  “Anyone?” he called again.
“I’ll challenge you,” Boss said as he climbed up into the ring.  “What’s your name?” he asked as he slowly removed his wristbands.
“They call me the Slasher,” he said, “‘cause my finishing move makes my opponent look like he was slashed with a knife.”  Boss lifted his eyebrows.  That was impressive, to draw blood using nothing more than your own knuckles.
“All right, Slasher,” Boss said, taking a defensive position, “Show me what you got.”


Chapter 31

The days flew by as Orion redoubled his training.  He had completely forgotten about returning to Lunspae.  Whenever he wasn’t studying, he was in the courtyard, exercising and practicing fysimae.  He would go through his routines over and over again, gaining almost another hundred pounds on each of his wristbands and anklets.  He seemed to have lost interest in everything else, including spending time with his friends.  Alex often joined him for training, and had gained almost as much weight on his gauntlets as Orion.  The other boys would train at the same time, but not with Orion, since Orion was too strong.  The only one who was any challenge at all was Alex.  
Spring, and Orion’s eighteenth birthday, was approaching quickly, but Orion didn’t care.  Several young girls came to meet him, hoping to win his affection and be picked for the next queen.  Orion had just about enough of those silly girls looking to marry him only for the power and prestige the title of ‘king’s wife’ would bring.  Not one of them really cared about him, only about the money he would inherit on his twentieth birthday.  Those girls often made Orion angry, and ran from his rooms in a matter of days, crying.  Orion didn’t care.  He wanted Kelia to come back.  She didn’t care that he was a prince, let alone about to inherit two kingdoms.  She treated him like a person, not some idol that could be bent and shaped to her will.  Just the thought of Kelia brought tears to Orion’s eyes, and he would often cry himself to sleep.  He had stopped wearing blue because it reminded him of her too much.  During the time they were together, Orion had an expert painter create a picture of the two of them together, with a beautiful summer background.  He kept that picture in his private room, along with all of his other secrets.  
Orion didn’t really remember when the weather had gotten cold.  One day when he went down to train, the icy wind bit him so hard he ran back inside.  He was forced to cancel his training that day, and had a servant come to his room every evening to let him know if it was warm enough to train outside.  He and Alex would often go out with coats on.  Slowly, the weather became warm enough that he didn’t need a coat anymore.  He would often fly, but more as an escape from his loneliness than for the joy of flying.  Alex was charged with making sure Orion didn’t run into any trouble when he went flying, since Alex was the only other known jisbae on the planet, and certainly the only jisbae warrior other than Orion.  Alex became known as the prince’s bodyguard, and would follow Orion everywhere.  Orion didn’t seem to notice or care that Alex would tag along wherever Orion went, whether out flying, down to the stables to train his horse, or on a trip to the city for a bike ride.  Orion didn’t pay attention when the courtyard erupted in a flurry of color as many flowers and trees bloomed, and others were freshly planted.  He was too involved in his training to pay attention to anything else, which is why he had no warning when a foreign ship crashed into the palace wall.  
Guards and servants alike were screaming as a large spaceship engulfed in flames fell out of the sky and hurtled towards them.  Orion stood transfixed, staring at the ship as it came closer to him.  His entire body went numb as the image of the flaming spear plunging into his eye flooded his mind.  He regained his senses just in time to dive behind the stone fountain as the ship hit the ground in the forest outside the wall that separated the forest from the courtyard.  A muddy tidal wave of uprooted trees, dirt, rocks, and debris rose up before the ship as it slid straight towards the courtyard and crashed through the wall.  Stone mixed with mud and plant debris as it flew in all directions, impaling everything it hit, including the fountain where Orion was hiding, soaking him in cold water.  Finally, the ship came to a halt, but the fire consuming the wreckage blazed up over a hundred feet into the air.  Orion saw people running from the flames, but he could also make out shapes near the fire as he peeked around the fountain.  Water began shooting from all directions as firefighters assembled to battle the blaze.  With his senses heightened from the transformation, he saw someone coming out of the ship, and heard that there was still others inside.  Shoving his fear aside, Orion took to the sky, flying around the flames to find a way in.  Spotting an opening, Orion dived inside.
“Is anyone here?” he called as the fire closed in around him.  “Answer me!”  He saw not only broken ship parts littering the floor, but bodies as well.  Burnt, blackened, and shriveled, Orion could tell he was too late to save them.  He was just about to leave when he heard a faint call.
“Help!” the ninmisn was so soft, Orion thought he had imagined it.  “I’m caught!”  There was no mistaking it.  Someone was trapped in here, and he had to find whoever it was.  He searched, seemingly in vain, as the searing heat scorched him and the thick smoke choked him.  He was about to give up when he saw a small movement.  The person was stuck under a collapsed pillar.  Orion levitated the pillar with great difficulty and pulled the person out, just as another part of the wreck collapsed, blocking off Orion’s only escape.  Clutching the body, Orion searched frantically for another opening in the fire, but found none.
Is this the end?  Am I to perish here in this wreckage?  Orion thought despairingly.  The smoke was so heavy he could no longer breathe.  The flames were licking his sides as he fell to his knees, too weak to stand.  I’m sorry, he thought to the unconscious body in his arms.  A rumble, a loud crash, and then a spray of water hit Orion, forcing him to come to his senses.  No, this can’t be it.  It can’t!  He thought as he got up and looked around at the unforgiving fire.  A cool breeze made him look up at a speck of blue sky.  Is it possible?  He spread his wings and took off, his feathers burning as they brushed the white-hot insides of the doomed ship.  He shot out of the opening with a new strength, and veered to the right just above the tips of the flames.  The cool breeze froze him to the bone as he struggled to stay aloft.  Once he had flown a small distance away from the fire, his wings began to give out and he desperately searched for a place to land.  Falling from the sky, he hit the soft, cold, muddy ground and rolled with the body still clutched tightly in his arms.  The last thing he saw as he passed out was the blaze, and heard people yelling all around him.

*****

Orion awoke to a much cooler atmosphere.  He felt warm under layers of blankets, with a cool breeze on his face coming from an open window.  He opened his eyes to see gentle sunlight streaming in and settling on his bed.  The bed looked a little too white.  The walls were all white, too, with strange pictures hanging on them.  Fresh flowers sitting in a tall, elegant vase were giving off a sweet scent on the windowsill.  He tried to move, but soreness and bandages prevented it.  
“Welcome back to the world of the living, Orion,” said a voice to his left.  Orion turned his head to see his brother, Joshua, smiling down at him.
“I thought you went back to Lunspae, Josh,” Orion whispered. 
“I did,” Joshua replied, “but when I heard about the crash, and that you were hurt, I decided to come back.”  He sighed.  “That took guts, what you did.”  Orion looked at him questioningly, so Joshua continued, “You know, rushing in to that fire to save that girl.”
“Girl?  What girl?” Orion asked, his head spinning.
“The one you pulled from the wreckage, Bro.  You saved her life.”
“Oh,” Orion vaguely remembered that night.  The crashing spaceship, the fire blazing out of control, and the still, small ninmisn, crying for help inside the ship.  “She’s alright?”
“Yep, and thankfully, you are too.” Joshua began unwinding a bandage from Orion’s arm.  “Or at least you will be after I heal you.” Joshua paused and began healing Orion’s arm.  The familiar heat of healing comforted Orion, pushing the blazing wreck out of his mind.  “Guess what, Orion,” Joshua glanced up at Orion’s face, “I’ve been studying to become an official healer.”
“Yea?” Orion was falling asleep.
“Yep!  Ever since Rick and I got back to Lunspae, I decided to take my studies one step further.  I want to do something useful, so I’ve decided to become a healer and stay here on Olhoe with you.”
“You’re gonna live here?”
“Uh-huh.  I’ve got to go back and finish my studies, but then I’m coming back here.  I’ve thought long and hard about it.  Once the kingdoms are joined, there’s so much I could do here versus Lunspae.”
“What did Mother have to say?” Orion asked, changing the subject.
“About what?”
“About when you and Ricky went back.”  Orion stared at his brother, “You know, you two came to Olhoe as lunimorves.  You went back to Lunspae as jisbae.”
“Oh, that!”Joshua laughed.  “You should have seen the look on her face, bro!  She stared openmouthed at both of us for what seemed like an eternity, unable to string two words together.”
“Yea?” Orion couldn’t help but smile.
“Yep!  And then she started checking us to see if we really were her sons.  She pulled our wings, yanked our ears, put her face right up into mine,” Joahua’s voice trailed off as he shook his head.  “She even tried pulling my tail out, thinking it was just tied on somehow,” Joshua sighed. 
“I hope she doesn’t do that to me!” Orion laughed out loud.
“What was really weird was every time she looked at Rick, she mumbled something about some guy named Roger,” Joshua chuckled, “He eventually gave up reminding her that his name’s still Rick.”
“I guess,” Orion was still laughing, “she didn’t realize that he didn’t change his name to go with his new look, huh?”
“Either that,” Joshua suddenly looked downcast, “ or she was referring to his father.”  Orion stopped laughing and became serious.  He gazed at his brother, meeting his eyes.  “Rick didn’t want to talk about it,” Joshua said quickly.  Orion nodded with understanding.
After being healed, Orion wanted to meet the survivors of the wreckage.  He wasn’t able to discern whether the person he saved was male or female while he was trying to escape the wreckage, but now that he knew, he was eager to meet her.  She was lying in a room in the hospital wing, similar to the one Orion was in.  Upon entering her room, he found, not the girl he was expecting, but an angel.  She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.  Her soft, brown hair flowed over the white pillow and down her shoulders.  Her skin was like new fallen snow, giving way to strawberry lips.  Her pointed ears gently curved away from her face.  Orion bent over her, hardly daring to breathe as he stared at her.
“She’s pretty, ain’t she, Majesty?”  A doctor walked in and startled Orion.  He straightened up.
“She’s a jisbae, just like me,” he commented.
“Yep,” the doctor nodded, “She is at that.  They all are.”
“All?” Orion looked up at the doctor.
“There are only eleven survivors, Majesty, but they’re all jisbae.  We still don’t know where they came from, though.”
Orion made a habit of checking on her anytime he could.  He would stop in and see her before his studies, during lunch break, after his studies, before and after dinner, and before and after training.  He learned that her name was Tanya, and that both of her parents had survived the crash.  Orion would see her parents in her room a lot, and they wanted to know about the planet they had crashed on.  They asked how Orion was a jisbae when everyone else was telblec, what were the customs of the telblecs, was the war over, and things like that.  Orion only wanted to talk about Tanya, but obliged her parents while they sat over her.  Orion began having the same daydreams as he had with Kelia, except he would put Tanya in Kelia’s place.
Orion didn’t concentrate on anything that didn’t involve Tanya.  He would talk Alex’s ears off during training and when they went flying.  Alex would just keep silent and listen as Orion rambled on and on.  Orion figured that Alex just didn’t understand, so Orion would talk some more to try to make him understand.  Alex just smiled and nodded anytime Orion asked him his opinion about Tanya.  Eventually, everyone in the palace took the same position as Alex whenever Orion started telling them about the beautiful jisbae in the hospital wing.  They would just smile and nod, not really listening, while they did their chores or walked in the hall, Orion following.  Even Joshua got tired of Orion’s rambling, and went back to Lunspae to continue his healer studies.  It was only a month before Tanya woke up, but it seemed to take forever for everyone else.


Chapter 32

She awoke to a strange room with white walls.  A cool breeze, from the only window, was blowing through her hair.  She couldn’t remember the spaceship having any windows.  She tried to see something outside the window, but it was black, and there were strange chirping noises coming from outside.  She realized that she was no longer on the ship, although she couldn’t remember landing anywhere, either.  She sat up and noticed something beside her bed.  There was an alien sitting there with his arms folded on her bed and his head resting on his arms.  No, not an alien like the last ones, she thought, a jisbae.  A boy about my age.  She thought it strange to see a jisbae she didn’t recognize, when she knew that the only jisbae in existence were her family and friends aboard the ship.  Thinking him a dream, she reached down and stroked his gold hair and pure white wings.  I know I must be dreaming, she smiled as he stirred, but didn’t wake up, No jisbae has pure white wings.  It’s just not possible.  Even our leader only has cream and tan wings, not white.  Knowing it was just a dream, the stranger’s presence didn’t bother her, like it would have if it was real, as she lay back down and fell asleep.  The next time she woke up, she was in the same room in this dream as in the last dream, except that there was sunlight pouring through the window.  She looked down, expecting to see the young jisbae, but he was gone.  Instead, her parents were sitting next to her.
“Oh, honey,” her mother breathed, “Thank goodness you’re awake!”  Her father said nothing, just beamed at her.
“Mother?” Tanya ninmisned, surprised that her mother wasn’t ninmisning too.  She wiped the sleep out of her eyes as she focused on the unfamiliar room. “Is that you?”
“Yes, honey.  I’m here.  You’re father’s here, too.”  She motioned to Tanya’s father.  “The people here are called telblec.  They’ve been very kind to us.  Since they speak aloud, I’ve been speaking, too, rather than using ninmisn.”
“What happened?  The last thing I remember is the ship going down in flames!  How did we get here?”
“After we crashed, the telblecs rescued us.”
“Mom,” Tanya interrupted, realizing that this time she was, in fact, awake and not dreaming, “I had a dream.  I was in this room with another jisbae!  He was sitting right here,” Tanya motioned toward the other side of her bed, “and he was asleep with his head on his arms right here,” she patted the spot on her bed.  “I know we’re the last of our kind, though,” she sighed.  “He had gold hair and white wings.  I wish I could show you.  I’ve never seen white wings before,” she looked down, “but it was only a dream.”
A knock on the door made all three of them jump.  Tanya watched the doorway as a young jisbae with gold hair and white wings stepped into the room.  That’s him, Tanya thought as she stared at him, That’s the boy from my dream!
“May I introduce,” Tanya’s mother stood, sensing Tanya’s amazement, “Prince Orion.”  Tanya just gaped at him, and Orion stared back, neither saying a word.  “Prince Orion,” she continued, “this is my daughter, Tanya.”  Still, Orion and Tanya remained silent.  “You know, Tanya, Prince Orion saved your life.”
“Huh?” Tanya tore her eyes away from Orion’s to look at her mother.
“That’s right, honey.  Prince Orion risked his own life to pull you out of the fire.  The largretoi had been chasing us for some time.  They shot at us, destroying our ship and causing us to crash.”
“What are largretoi?” Orion asked.
“Largretoi are an evil race.  They enjoy causing mayhem and chaos.  A largreto is large and fat.  They stand about ten feet tall,” she stood on tip toes and reached her hand up as high as she could to give Orion an idea of how tall largretoi are.  “They’re a sickly green with dark green spots on their back, head, arms and legs.  Their arms and legs are tiny compared to their extreme body mass.  They have tiny, beadlike eyes and a large mouth that holds hundreds of razor sharp teeth.  They only have three fingers and toes, but they have very sharp claws.  And they are the enemy of the jisbae,” she finished with a note of resentment.
“Why?” Orion was curious.  He had never heard of other alien races.
“I don’t know,” Tanya’s mother admitted, sitting back down.  “It’s just always been that way.”
“Oh,” Orion was disappointed at not receiving a real answer.  He pulled a chair up next to Tanya’s bed.  “Do you think that largretoi can ever be friendly?”
“I doubt it, Prince,” she replied, “If you ever met one, you’d understand.”  Orion looked down, wondering what kind of creatures they were dealing with.  All his life, he had been taught that lunimorves were evil, but when he took his first trip to Lunspae, he found out otherwise.  Maybe the largretoi were misunderstood as well?
A rustling of bed sheets made Orion look up.  He gazed into Tanya’s eyes and forgot all about the aliens.  Pink, he thought,  Her eyes are bright pink.  He smiled at her.
“What is it?” Tanya ninmisned with mixed feelings about this boy who had been in her dream come-to-life.  She didn’t like being stared at, and couldn’t help but feel intimidated by this boy, this prince.  She knew that the title ‘prince’ was a higher rank than that of their own leader, who was only a chief.  She also knew that catching the attention of someone of power was dangerous, and could mean trouble.  She had to try to melt into the background.
“Hm?” Orion didn’t really hear her.
“What are you staring at me for?”  Tanya shifted uncomfortably.
“Oh, um,” Orion thought fast.  “I’ve, uh, never seen, um, pink eyes before.”  It was the truth, but it wasn’t the reason he was staring.  He blushed, kicking himself in his mind for stumbling over his words.
“Well, now you have,” she ninmisned more fiercely than she had intended, “so you can stop staring at me.” She turned to her parents on the other side of the bed in an effort to hide her pink eyes from him.  She hoped that, without seeing her eyes, he’d leave her alone.  Orion felt as if he had just been slapped.  He got up and left the room without another word, which seemed to satisfy Tanya’s theory about hiding her eyes.
“That wasn’t very nice, Tanya,” he heard her mother say as he walked out the door.  He hurriedly made his way to his rooms, where he hoped he could find comfort and answers to all the questions floating around in his head.
Where did she come from?  Orion asked himself as he made his way through the hall.  Why can’t I talk around her?  I could at least talk straight when Kelia was around.  Why not this girl? He reached his room and stepped inside.  Why do I feel so weird around her?  He slammed the doors shut.  Why can’t I stop thinking about her?  He turned around to face the large fireplace built into the opposite wall.  Since coming back from Lunspae and conquering pyrophobia, Orion had the glass cabinet moved to another wall.  He raised his hand and shot a couple of small fireballs at the dry logs, which caught instantly.  He walked over and slumped on the couch in front of the fire, basking in it’s warmth.  Images of Tanya kept floating to the front of his mind, no matter what else he tried to think of.  
He wandered over to the room where he kept all of his secrets.  He used to lock the door with a key to make sure nobody went in besides him.  Since learning fysimae, he ignored the lock and key and used fysimae to keep everyone out.  It was a simple shield, one that would prevent anyone but him to go through, which would feel like a brick wall to anyone but him.  To Orion, the shield tingled a little.  The shield glowed bright blue, the color of Orion’s aura and eyes.  He had learned that, when using fysimae, the magic will glow the color of the user’s aura, which was the same color as their eyes.  That means that Tanya’s aura is bright pink, too, Orion thought, smiling.  He picked a blank notebook off a shelf and sat down on the hard floor.  He began to write all about Tanya, and what he thought about her.  He wrote about her soft, brown hair, her gently curving ears, her shiny, tan feathers, and her bright pink eyes.  He wrote about how he had never known anyone quite that beautiful.  He looked up at the picture of himself and Kelia.  Nope, he thought, writing his thoughts down, Even Kelia isn’t as pretty as Tanya.  Finishing with thoughts of why she didn’t seem to like him much, and how he would win her affection, he closed the notebook and painted, with fysimae, Tanya’s name on the front.  He replaced the notebook, got up, and left his private room and all his secrets.  Tanya’s bright pink eyes haunted him the rest of the day, during dinner and training, and long into the night.  
The next morning, he woke early and rushed to the hospital room to talk to her again, but she wasn’t there.  He learned that she had been healed, and was resting in one of the many guest rooms with her parents.  He knocked eagerly when he reached the carved oak door.  Because these doors only led to a typically unused guestroom, they weren’t important enough to be made of ebonivy, ivory, or even gold.  They still had gemstones inlaid in a swirling pattern.  All the guest rooms were carved oak, mahogany, maple, dogwood, or pine, depending on the type of room.  The servant’s rooms had wooden doors, too, but they were rather plain, with minimal to no carvings at all.
“Come in,” Tanya’s mother called through the door.  She had a rather pleasant voice, and Orion guessed that Tanya’s would be the same.  He entered.  The room was similar to his own, but much smaller.  There was only one chandelier hanging from the curved ceiling.  There was no den, and only two doors leading to a bathroom and a bedroom flanked the wall.  The fireplace didn’t take up an entire wall.  Instead, it was tucked into a corner, with two large windows in the opposite wall.  The couch, where Tanya and her mother were sitting was against the wall instead of in the middle of the room.  Her father was relaxing in the recliner against the other wall.  Realizing who had just entered, Tanya let out a sigh of irritation.
“I heard you were feeling better, Tanya,” Orion said cheerfully as he closed the door behind him.
“Yes I am,” Tanya had grown vocal cords so she could speak verbally.  Her voice was more musical than Orion had expected, and it took his breath away.  “So you can go now.”  Orion completely missed the aggravation in her voice.  He crossed the room and squatted beside the couch, right next to Tanya. 
 “What do you want, Orion?” she asked.  Thrilled that she said his name, he didn’t even think to correct her by telling her that she was supposed to address him as ‘Prince’ or ‘Majesty.’
“I was thinking that after my studies today, I could take you and your parents on a tour of the palace.”
“No, thanks,” she said and turned away from him, remembering to hide her eyes so that he wouldn’t notice her.
“I think that would be nice,” her mother commented.  “I’d love a tour.  How about you, dear?” she asked Tanya’s father.  He smiled and nodded his agreement.
“Well,” Tanya could see that she wasn’t going to get out of it, “can Lee come, too?”
“Sure,” Orion said, excitement bubbling inside him, “Who’s Lee?”
“He’s my fiancé,” Tanya said with a smirk.  Orion felt as though he had been kicked in the gut.
“F-Fiancé?” he stuttered, “You mean you’re engaged to be married?”  Orion was horrified.  He didn’t understand why.  After all, she didn’t seem to like him at all.
“Honey,” Tanya’s mother interrupted, “Your marriage to Lee was arranged when you were little.  It was because there were no other young men on the ship,” she sighed.  “You didn’t have a choice.  Now that we’re here on Olhoe, we’ve found out that there are other jisbae.  You don’t have to marry Lee, honey, you have a choice now.”  She paused, watching Tanya think it over.  “And the Prince is quite a looker,” she added slyly.  Orion blushed.
“Mother!” Tanya exclaimed.  “I don’t want a choice, I want to marry Lee!”  Orion smiled to himself.  If Tanya’s engagement was prearranged by her parents, then it wasn’t too late.  He could show her that he was just as good as Lee, whoever he was.  
No, I’m better!  Orion thought.  I’ll show her.  I’ll change her mind.  He looked up at the small, round clock hanging on the wall.  Later, when I give her a tour.  I’ll make her mine!  “Listen,” he said, still staring at the clock,  “I’ve got to go now, or I’ll be late.  I’ll be back later for the tour.”  He got up and left the room.
“Good riddance,” Tanya said under her breath.  Orion heard her on his way out.  Her words stung, but he was determined to make her like him.

*****

The tour was a flop.  Trying to have a good time, Tanya’s mother praised nearly everything Orion showed them.  However, for every positive compliment she had, Tanya had five negative comments, determined to show how miserable she was, and how much she just wanted to be left alone.  Picking up on Tanya’s gloom, Lee, a tall and stately jisbae eight years older than Orion, made a show of how pointless the tour was since nobody would remember anyway, and the guards could just point them in the direction they needed to go.  Orion could see why Tanya liked Lee.  He was the ‘tall, dark, and handsome’ type.  His hair was black, but his skin was pale, like Orion’s, maybe a bit darker.  His dark eyebrows complimented his bright orange eyes.  His features were sharp, but not too bony.  He didn’t have a single scar anywhere on his perfect face.  He was clean shaven, as all jisbae were, since jisbae could not grow facial hair the way telblecs and lunimorves did.  Orion felt like a silly little boy in Lee’s commanding presence.  
Three hours later, Orion took them back to the guest room feeling stupid for even suggesting a tour, and seriously depressed.  Instead of impressing Tanya, like he had hoped, he seemed to have made her even more upset with being there.  She had never even thanked him for saving her life.  It was as if she didn’t want anything to do with him whatsoever.
“Sorry I wasted your time,” he said dejectedly.
“It wasn’t a waste, Prince,” Tanya’s mother, sensing Orion’s gloomy mood, tried to cheer him up.  “My husband and I enjoyed it.”  He nodded in agreement.
“Thanks,” Orion half smiled, but couldn’t hide his disappointment.  Tanya’s father came over and clapped a hand on Orion’s shoulder in an effort to lift his spirits, but he didn’t say anything.  In fact, Orion couldn’t remember Tanya’s father ever saying anything at all.  
“Why don’t you ever talk?” he asked.  Tanya’s father looked down.
“He can’t, Prince,” Tanya’s mother answered.  “When we were little, we stopped on some alien planet to refuel and resupply.  The natives seemed kind enough, but they kidnaped him,” she gestured towards Tanya’s father.  “We’re not sure what all they did to him, but we believe they cut up part of his brain.  He’s lucky to be alive.”  She looked as upset as Orion felt.  “Since then, he has been unable to ninmisn or fysimae.  He can be healed, but he cannot heal himself or shape shift, which means no vocal cords.  We’ve tried.”
“What about sign language?” Orion asked.  She just looked at him blankly.  “You know, communicating with your hands instead of talking?”  He could tell by their continued stares that they had never heard of sign language before.  “Hey, tell you what,” Orion said, cheering up, “How about I teach you guys sign language?  It’s not that tough to learn.  As a prince, I had to learn it to be able to communicate with people who couldn’t speak or ninmisn.”
“Oh, would you?” Tanya’s mother cried and threw her arms around Orion’s neck.  Orion stumbled out of surprise and tripped over a plant stand, knocking the plant over, and covering himself with dirt.  Tanya and Lee laughed as loud as they could, more out of spite than because they thought it was funny.  Orion turned deep scarlet.   “Here, let me help you,” Tanya’s mother picked up the plant stand and the now empty pot as Orion got up.  Tanya’s father helped put most of the dirt back and repotted the plant.
“I’ll get someone to clean this up,” he said sheepishly as he brushed himself off.  Glancing at Tanya and Lee still in fits of cruel laughter, he hurried out the door.  He told the first servant he seen about the spilled pot, and she rushed to clean it up.  Orion took off for his room to change for his training session, and write about his humiliation and how he wished he could just melt into the wall in his journal in the secret room.  He wrote about how the tour didn’t work, and looked over some of his other ideas to get Tanya to like him.


Chapter 33

Glancing at each of the one-on-one fights going on around him, Boss strolled slowly throughout the dojo with Slasher at his side.  Slasher had proven himself to be one of the top fighters of all of the people here, since he had been boxing almost his entire life.  Boss looked up at Slasher.  He was larger than Boss, about the size of a telblec, but more muscular.  He never wore a shirt, Boss guessed, because he was proud of his body.  Slasher’s bulging muscles looked as if they stretched he skin like rubber, which would pop at any time.  Slasher’s presence made Boss feel small, but Slasher had fallen at Boss’s hands in the ring.  Size isn’t everything, Boss thought, thinking about all his sparring sessions with telblecs on Olhoe.  Each telblec, just like Slasher, towered over Boss.  He knew that, while telblecs had size and strength to their advantage, lunimorves had agility and swiftness.  Not to mention shape shifting.
“Boss, I was thinking,” Slasher said quietly, so as not to be overheard, “You said Prince Orion is strong, and not distracted easily, right?”
“That’s right,” Boss replied.  He had confided his plan of attack to Slasher, who thought it was pure genius.
“Well, wouldn’t it be easier to take him down if he was distracted?  Like, maybe by a girl like before?” Slasher asked, glancing down at Boss.  Boss had told Slasher about the times he and his three followers had failed to kill Prince Orion, but had succeeded in distracting him enough with the girl, Sandra, to get him alone and vulnerable.
“You may have a point, Slasher,” Boss thought it over.  He didn’t see how a girl would help them destroy Prince Orion this time, but it certainly couldn’t hurt to open that option.  He remembered Prince Joshua taking off for Olhoe when he heard that his brother was hurt in a fire.  Unfortunately, Orion had survived.  But when he got back, Prince Joshua had complained about how Prince Orion wouldn’t shut up about some girl named Tanya.  Maybe, with a little push, Prince Orion could be so distracted by her charms that he would neglect his training and become weak and vulnerable again.  Boss smiled to himself.
Fixing his gaze on one particular sparring session that was going on in front of them, Boss paused to watch the outcome.  Slasher stopped, too.  When the zealots had rallied several new members for the ATA, they were all pathetically weak.  Now, after months of training, they were almost ready.  Just a few more weeks, Boss thought, then we can attack Olhoe, and be rid of Prince Orion once and for all.


Chapter 34

Throughly humiliated, but true to his word, Orion showed up at the guest room to give Tanya’s parents sign language lessons everyday after his studies were over.  After a few days, Tanya learned to leave just before Orion got there, and not return until after Orion had gone to dinner.  Orion had insisted that Tanya and her parents join him and his father for dinner, so Tanya obligingly went, but always made a show of hanging on Lee’s arm when they showed up.  When the two of them showed up, Lee looked more like he was showing off a prized trophy rather than escorting his future bride.  No matter how late they were, Orion would always get up and help Tanya to her seat like a gentleman.  Tanya never once thanked him, or even acknowledged his kindness.
Other than at dinner, Tanya was usually on her own all day, since Lee was more interested in exploring the palace alone than being with her.  Orion had, on many occasions, watched Lee stroll down a hall with other girls hanging on him and batting their eyelashes at him.  Orion wondered why Tanya didn’t seem to mind Lee’s flirtatious ways with other girls.  
Tanya was alone in the guestroom when Orion payed her an early visit.  He didn’t have studies that day, so he thought he’d surprise Tanya and spend the day with her.  He figured that, even though she didn’t like him, she might appreciate the company.  Armed with an exotic plant that was about to bloom, he knocked on her door.
“Come in,” Tanya called, unconcerned, but regretted saying anything as soon as she seen Orion.She rolled her eyes as he walked in the room.
“Hey, Tanya,” he said cheerfully, holding the plant out in front of him.  “I got you something to brighten your room.  It’s a rare herb from Lunspae.”  He set it down on an end table next to the couch where she was sitting.
“Thanks,” Tanya said indifferently, without even glancing at it.  “You can go now.”
“Go?” Orion looked at her and wondered why she was treating him like a servant.  “I thought that since you’re alone all the time, we could spend the day together doing whatever you want.”
“No, thanks,” her polite words couldn’t mask her annoyance.  At least, that’s what it sounded like to Orion.  He couldn’t tell that she was purposefully avoiding his gaze out of fear.  She remembered the story of what had happened to her father when he had caught the attention of an alien ruler when he was small.  She wanted the prince to find some other girl to play with.  “I’d rather be alone.”
“Yea, right,” Orion said sarcastically.  “Being alone is so much more fun than being with someone.”
“I’m serious, Orion.” She was getting desperate.  
“Come on, Tanya, what do you want to do?  We could do anything.”
“I want to be alone.”
“But-,” he didn’t get a chance to finish his sentence.  Tanya stood up.
“I don’t want to be with you, Orion!” she cried, tears spilling over her face as her fear took over.  “I don’t like you!”  Orion stepped back towards the door.  “I’ve never liked you!  Get out!”
“Tanya, I-,” Orion pleaded.
“GET OUT!” she picked up a paperweight and threw it at Orion.  It missed him and hit the floor with a dull thud and rolled to a stop.  Orion froze.  “I SAID, GET OUT!” she picked up the plant he had brought her and threw it at him.  Orion barely got his arm up in time to protect his head.  The glass pot shattered as it hit his wrist, the glass cutting into his arm.  Blood mixed with dirt as Orion stared in disbelief at the magnificent plant laying in disgrace on the floor, it’s dirty roots showing.
“Tanya, why-?” He looked up at her.  She had something else in her hand, ready to throw it at him.  The look on her face was murderous.  He cradled his injured arm as he scooped up the broken plant and rushed out the door.  
Tanya’s mind raced at what she had just done.  She had threatened and attacked the prince!  She drew his blood!  She was going to be found out and punished for sure.  She dropped the glass figurine she was holding, letting it burst apart as it hit the floor.  She took a step back and tripped, falling backwards onto the couch.  She was in trouble now.  There would be no explaining anything.  The prince would send guards to arrest her and throw her in the dungeon.  She would be executed for her crimes.  She had tried her best to melt into the background, but she had failed.  They would come for her now.  There was no escape.  
She hugged her knees to her chest and cried.


Chapter 35

Tears streamed down his face as Orion ran back to his room, saltwater on the left, and blood on the right from his empty eye socket.  Once inside, he made his way to the shielded door in the corner of his den, his private room.  The servants referred to it as Orion’s green room, because someone had noticed a green wall inside when Orion opened the door to exit.  Orion never let anyone inside, and never talked about the secrets he kept in there.
Ignoring the tingling sensation of the shield and wrenching the door open, Orion stepped inside with the plant Tanya had thrown at him.  He found a bag of potting soil and began transplanting, hoping that the plant wasn’t dead.  Tears still filled his good eye, blurring everything around him, so that all he could see was the green of the surrounding objects and the black of the potting soil.  Completing his task, he placed the plant on an intricate plant stand in the middle of the room, sunlight hitting it just right through a window in the ceiling.  The leaves of the plant were wilted and floppy as Orion gave it some water.  He stared at it, thinking about what Tanya had said for a moment before pulling out the journal with her name on it.  He filled pages with how horrible Tanya had treated him and how he should have her arrested.  He didn’t want that, though.  She’d just hate him more.  He wrote about his thoughts of using his power as the prince to force her to spend time with him, but he didn’t want that, either.  He wanted her to be with him because she liked him, not because he forced her too.  He decided to keep their fight a secret, locked away in his private room with everything else, including his heart, he decided.  He replaced the journal and left to wash up.
“Hey, bro,”  Rick was waiting for him in his main room.
“What are you doing here, Ricky?” Orion sounded harsher than he had intended.
“I heard about the newcomers from Josh, and that you have a crush on a girl named Tanya,” Rick paused, “I wanted to help.”
“What can you do?”  Orion asked grumpily.
“Well, for starters,” Rick got up, “I can heal your arm before you bleed to death.”  Orion rolled his eyes, but the familiar heat was soothing, and it calmed Orion greatly.
“So, what so you think I should do?”  Orion said after explaining the situation between him and Tanya, his anger giving way to depression.  “She’s in love with someone else, and she hates me.  You think I should just forget about her and live my life?”
“Not really, no,” Rick thought for a moment, “But you need to make her think that you did.”
“Huh?”  Orion was confused.
“You know, ignore her.  Make her think that you’re no longer interested,” Rick sighed, “See, Orion, from what you’ve told me, it seems like she’s been through a lot.  She lost most of the people she knew, she lost her way of life, and now she’s in a strange world with strange people and strange cultures.  On top of that, she now has new choices to make, choices that she never had before, and your presence is probably too intimidating for her to handle.”
“So I should pretend to ignore her?”
“Something like that, bro.  Give her a chance to get used to the idea that she can choose her own destiny.  When she understands that, she’ll accept your friendship, I’m sure of it.”
Orion tried his best to put Rick’s advice into practice.  He would no longer go out of his way to try to impress her.  He didn’t hold her chair for her during dinner, he didn’t hold doors for her, and  he didn’t greet her whenever he seen her.  All in all, he didn’t even acknowledge the fact that she was even there at the palace anymore.  Tanya may have been glad for the abrupt change in Orion’s behavior, but Orion was miserable.  He confided these feelings in his secret journal and in Rick, but all he could say was to give it more time.
Orion decided that, as he was pretending Tanya didn’t exist, he’d continue to meet potential brides.  The first one he met after he began ignoring Tanya was too loud and showy, but the second was better.  Normally, Orion would have dismissed her in less than a week, but he decided to keep her around to help distract him from his obsession about Tanya.  Orion wondered just how much longer he could keep the facade up before he went crazy.


Chapter 36

“Help!” the voice came out of nowhere.  All Orion could see were trees.  The palace was gone, and Orion stood in the forest.  He looked around, searching for the mysterious voice, but he couldn’t determine where it came from.  As he was about to give up, he heard it again.  This time, it came from his right.  Orion ran through the trees and the underbrush until he reached a small clearing.  In the center of the clearing was a large, green creature, both frightening and frightened at the same time.  As Orion approached the creature, he heard it cry for help again.  Orion was about to touch the creature when an odd ringing blared out across the forest.  Orion’s vision went dark.
Orion woke in a cold sweat in his bed, his alarm ringing in his ear.  He shut it off, the dream still fresh in his mind.  What was that creature?  he wondered.  As Orion got dressed, the image of the forest and the creature faded, but Orion couldn’t shake the feeling that something or someone needed help.  He finally put the dream out of his mind and he concentrated on other, more important things.  
His birthday was only a week away, and he planned on enjoying it, whether Tanya liked him or not.  The celebration was going to be pretty much the same as his seventeenth birthday, except that Orion planned on finishing his dinner, and saying goodbye to his guests, rather than collapsing in the hall.  He remembered his last birthday, when he went through the transformation.  The pain of the transformation started at the beginning of dinner, forcing him into bed before the feast was over.  Everyone had been concerned for their prince, then shocked and amazed when they saw him with wings the next day.
Orion had been following Rick’s advice and ignoring Tanya, but he decided to give her an invitation to his birthday celebration personally, just to let her know that he was still available if she wanted a friend.  He was still ‘going out’ with the telblec girl, and would be taking her to his birthday celebration, but he was ready to let her go as soon as Tanya showed the slightest interest in him.  He hadn’t told anyone about their fight, afraid that if his father got wind of it, she would be in big trouble.  He even had to lie to Rick about how he cut his arm on something inside his private room.
Standing outside of her room, he brushed out any wrinkles in his clothes and took a deep breath.  Just before he knocked, he heard voices floating out through the doors.  He wasn’t one to eavesdrop, but the voices were rather loud.
“I don’t care how pretty they are, Lee!” Tanya’s voice came through the closed doors, “I’m tired of being left alone so much while you go off with all of your girlfriends.”
“They’re not my girlfriends, Tanya,” Lee replied, “Those girls are just showing me around the palace and teaching me about the telblec culture.  Did you know that it’s common for a man to have lots of women around him at the same time?”  Orion’s brows knitted.  Yea, he thought, common for a man who has no sense of commitment.  Orion knocked, not wanting to hear anymore, lest he burst in and started yelling at the both of them.
“Come in,” Lee called, exasperated.  Orion opened the door.
“Oh, no, not you, again,” Tanya tuned her back to Orion and sat down.  She didn’t seem as angry, just a bit peeved.
“I just wanted to give you two this,” he said, handing Lee an invitation sealed inside an envelope.  He stepped over and handed one to Tanya, forcing himself to look like he didn’t care that he was standing next to the most beautiful girl in the world.  He held out the invitation and turned his back to her once she took it.
“What’s this?” Lee asked, opening the envelope.
“It’s an invitation to my birthday celebration next week,” Orion said, making himself sound bored.  “The whole kingdom’s invited, and all the servants are busy letting the kingdom know.  There was no one else to bring you your invitations, and since I wasn’t doing anything, I figured I’d do it,” he shrugged.  Actually, the other invitations had gone out almost two weeks ago.  Orion had to stop a servant in the hall and sweet talk him into letting the prince give out these particular invitations.  “So, anyway, hope to see you there,” Orion said without enthusiasm as he left the room.


Chapter 37

Orion walked among the crowds inside the palace wall with his bodyguard, Alex, right beside him.  The telblec girl he had been seeing had rushed off to be with her friends.  Orion realized that she actually had a childhood sweetheart and wasn’t too thrilled about her parents forcing her to travel to the palace and try to win Orion’s heart, so he let her go.  Orion didn’t really care.  He and Alex had become good friends, and were spending more and more time together.  With the amount of time they had been putting towards their training, the aid of weighted gauntlets and fysimae, Orion and Alex were becoming the strongest of all the telblec warriors.  The turnout for his eighteenth birthday celebration was just as good as last year, even though Joshua hadn’t shown up.  Oh, well, Orion thought, a little disappointed, he must have wanted his own party back on Lunspae.  Orion greeted everyone he met quickly, hoping to find Tanya, but she kept out of his sight.  Rick stayed with Orion, too, while they were in the crowd.  Orion figured it was because the telblecs, who were all much taller than Rick, intimidated him a bit.  Not only that, but Orion and Rick stood out among the crowd since they had pale skin rather than the usual dark skin of the telblecs.  The only difference was that Orion was used to it, while Rick wasn’t.
Near the end of the day, Orion, Alex, and Rick took their seats at the head table for the feast.  Orion once again thanked everyone for coming, and told them if they left early, not to forget their gift from the prince to them on their way out.  The feast itself was delicious.  Orion stuffed himself on every dish that was brought out, resulting in a stomach ache by the time desert was served.  Orion ate the deserts sparingly, wishing he had done the same with each course of dinner.  His stomach was so full by the end of the day that he thought he might need the tailor to make him a new, larger wardrobe.  After shaking everyone’s hand as they left, Orion went straight to his rooms for the night and fell asleep quickly.
The next day, after Rick had gone back to Lunspae, Orion was in such high spirits, he decided to go flying.  Alex tagged along like usual, but Orion playfully tried, unsuccessfully, to lose him.  They were flying over the forest, racing each other through the sky.  Spotting an opening in the trees, Orion took it, quickly landing and hiding under the branches of the nearest tree.  He chuckled silently when he looked up and saw Alex circling, searching for him.  He decided to pop out of the trees, surprising Alex,  when he heard it.
“Help!” He heard the voice coming from the trees to his right.  He wasn’t too sure if that’s what it said, but it sure sounded like it.  Orion dashed through the trees trying to locate the source of the voice when he came to a small clearing.  He saw a large, sickly green creature covered with dark green spots.  It looked like it was crying.  It raised it’s head and cried for help to the clouds passing by overhead.  Orion was certain that this was the creature from his dream, but he was also certain that he had seen this type of creature before, although he couldn’t remember where.  It certainly wasn’t native to the planet.
“Hello?” he ninmisned to the creature, knowing that it may not understand verbal speech.  The creature tensed and looked around.  Orion decided to show himself, so he stepped out from behind a tree.  Once the creature sighted Orion, it’s beady little eyes grew as big as saucers, and it took a step back on it’s tiny legs.  It opened it’s mouth to reveal lots of tiny, pointed teeth.
“Aoirealdnm?” It said, obviously scared out of it’s mind.  “Trygaoiudfnmser?”  Orion had no idea what the creature said, so he tried reading it’s thoughts with ninmisn.  “You are jisbae?” The creature had asked, “Have you come to kill me now?”
“No,” Orion didn’t understand why this creature was so afraid of him, “I’m not going to kill you.  I’m not going to hurt you in any way.  Why would I?”
“Because you are jisbae,” the creature stared at Orion, “Do you not know who I am?”
“No, sorry,” Orion racked his brains, trying to remember where he seen this creature before.
“But you are jisbae!  You have to know me!”  The truth dawned on the creature as Orion stared back blankly.  “You are not one of the jisbae from the spaceship?  You are native to the planet?”
“Uh, yes.” Orion was unsure of what to make of this creature.  Why does it think I’m from a space-, Orion didn’t finish his thought as he remembered the night that the jisbae ship crashed near the palace, and what Tanya’s mother had said.
‘“The largretoi had been chasing us for some time.  They shot at us, destroying our ship and causing us to crash.”
“What are Largretoi?” Orion asked.
“Largretoi are an evil race.  They enjoy causing mayhem and chaos.  A largreto is large and fat.  They stand about ten feet tall.  They’re a sickly green with dark green spots on their back, head, arms and legs.  Their arms and legs are tiny compared to their extreme body mass.  They have tiny, beadlike eyes and a large mouth that holds hundreds of razor sharp teeth.  They only have three fingers and toes, but they have very sharp claws.  And they are the enemy of the jisbae.”
“Why?” Orion was curious.  He had never heard of other alien races.
“I don’t know,” Tanya’s mother admitted.  “It’s just always been that way.”
“Oh,” Orion was disappointed at not receiving a real answer.  He pulled a chair up next to Tanya’s bed.  “Do you think that largretoi can ever be friendly?”
“I doubt it, Prince,” she replied, “If you ever met one, you’d understand.”  Orion looked down, wondering what kind of creatures they were dealing with.  All his life, he had been taught that lunimorves were evil, but when he took his first trip to Lunspae, he found out otherwise.  Maybe the largretoi were misunderstood as well?’
Orion looked at this creature in a different light.  He could see that it was a largreto, but he couldn’t see how it could be so evil.  It seemed likely that the jisbae from the ship were as clueless about largretoi as the telblecs were abut lunimorves.
“You know now, don’t you, jisbae?” it said ruefully.  “You will kill me for sure.”  It hung it’s head, defeated, and sat down.  “I know I deserve it.”
“Why do you deserve it?” Orion couldn’t help but feel sorry for this creature.  It had given up on life even though Orion hadn’t threatened it.
“There were many jisbae on that ship that didn’t make it off, right?”  The largreto looked at his knees.
“Where did you come from?” Orion didn’t feel like killing a creature that he had come to save, so he tried changing the subject.
“My ship lost power due to a hit from the jisbae ship, and crashed somewhere in the forest on this planet.  I am the only survivor.”  
“And you’ve been wandering in the forest since?” Orion was shocked.  The crash was over three months ago.  The creature nodded, but didn’t say anything.  Although he was amazed that anyone could survive in the forest that long, he knew that this largreto would not survive on his own for much longer.  “Come with me,” he ninmisned, “I’ll take you to the palace, then we can find a way to get you home.”
“You mean,” the largreto raised his eyes to Orion’s, “you will not kill me?”  Orion smiled.  “But the others will.  Jisbae are not our friends.”
“We’re friends now, aren’t we?”  Orion smiled.
“Largretoi are not the friends of jisbae, either,” the largreto insisted.
“I don’t see why that can’t be changed.”  Orion reached up and took the largreto’s wrist.  The largreto shuddered.  “By the way, my name’s Orion.  Prince Orion.”
“Uh, I’m Pri- er, Nunu,” the largreto said, surprised at Orion’s friendliness.  As the two turned to go, an angry Alex came bursting into the clearing.
“There you are, Orion!” He yelled, ignoring Nunu, and facing Orion.  Nunu shrank back at Alex’s sudden appearance.  “I’ve been looking all over for you.  You nearly gave me a heart attack!  Are you alright?”
“I’m fine, Alex,” Orion said apologetically, “I had planned on surprising you, but I heard someone call for help and found this guy,” Orion gestured towards Nunu.
“Uh, huh,” Alex said, arms folded and looking Nunu up and down, “And what is this thing?  Some kind of alien?”
“Yea.  He’s a largreto,” Orion nodded, “I want to take him back to the palace and send him home.”
“Fine,” Alex pointed an accusing finger in Orion’s face, “but if you ever disappear on me like that again, you’ll have to find yourself a new bodyguard, get it?”
“Got it,” Orion smiled.
“Good,” Alex glanced back at Nunu, who was both surprised and glad that he wasn’t the object of Alex’s irritation.  In fact, Alex wasn’t paying any attention to Nunu at all.  “Well, I guess we’d better get back.  I’ve been in the forest before; I know the way.”  Alex pushed a branch out of the way.  “Follow me.”
The three of them emerged from the forest almost an hour later, and arrived at the front gate of the palace.  The gate was truly magnificent to behold.  The high, white stone walls rose up behind tall, neat hedges, and were topped in gold trim.  The walls curved upward and ended with two large stone pillars, each with a white marble lion roaring at the top.
The gates were gold, boldly curving out of the stone pillars, so that the top of the gate was slightly above the two lions.  Each gate had a horizontal bar in the center, sporting lightning bolt-shaped vertical bars above and below.  A large crown shape hiding the lock adorned the center, and split in half when the gates opened.  Two guards stood in front of the gates.
“Halt!” one of the guards called out as Orion, Alex, and Nunu approached.  “Please state your name and your, uh, business,” he said, slightly shaken at the sight of the largreto.
“Prince Orion,” Orion said, exasperated, “and I want to go inside and sit down after my long hike.  These are my friends, Alex and Nunu.  They would like a rest, too.”
“Oh!” the guard nearly tripped opening the gate, “Your Majesty!  Forgive me, I didn’t realize you were out here.”
“That’s alright,” Orion brushed it off as he stepped through the gate.  “Come on, Nunu.”  
“What did you tell him?”  Nunu, unable to understand telblec speech, asked as he followed Orion inside.
“He told him to let us in,” Alex answered, making his way to the front doors of the palace.  They led Nunu into the great hall, where King Frederic was waiting for him.
“Where have you been?”  King Frederic asked.  Fully dressed in his royal robes, he descended the stairs, his fur cape billowing behind him.  “I was worried sick!”
“Yea, right,” Orion said sarcastically.  Alex stepped aside, not wanting to be in the way of the king.
“And what is that?” King Frederic gestured towards Nunu, unafraid at the largreto’s startling presence.
“This is Nunu, Father.  I found him in the forest.  We have to send him home,” Orion said with a tone of urgency.  He knew that if Nunu didn’t get home soon, he would die.  Before King Frederic had a chance to respond, Lee, along with a couple of other jisbae, entered the great hall.  Orion noticed that Tanya was not one of Lee’s followers.  Spying Nunu, the group stopped and stared.
“What is that filthy largreto doing here?”  Lee ninmisned fiercely, fire blazing in his orange eyes.
“I brought him here, Lee,” Orion calmly replied.
“Kill it!” Hatred bubbled inside Lee and threatened to burst out, “Kill it before it kills us!”  Lee’s gang murmured their agreement.
“No.  I’m going to send him home,” Orion calmly stepped between Lee and Nunu.
“ARE YOU CRAZY?!”  Lee couldn’t hold it back anymore.  “If you let that thing go back to Togrenia , it will thank you by bringing all the largreto armies and destroying this world, and all the people in it!”
“I’ve made up my mind, Lee,” Orion could see that Lee wasn’t just going to stand by.  He readied himself for an attack.  “Nunu is going home, so you can just get out of my way.”
“No,” Lee shook his head, “I won’t let you send that thing home.  Largretoi killed most of my family and friends on the ship,” he ninmisned fearfully, “and I won’t let them kill anymore of us!”  Lee lunged at Nunu, but Orion, standing between him and Nunu, took the blow instead, and they both toppled over.  Desperate to get at Nunu, Lee pulled himself off of Orion, but tripped again as Orion grabbed a hold ofone of  Lee’s ankles.  Lee smacked his chin hard on the marble floor, and rammed the back of his heel into Orion’s good eye, sending Orion rolling, clutching his face.  Lee got up and made for Nunu again, but pain exploded in his back as Orion’s throwing dagger hit it’s mark.  Enraged, Lee turned to Orion.  Breathing hard and completely blinded from Lee’s kick, Orion stood there waiting for Lee to make a move.  He thanked years of training blindfolded for being able to fight without the use of his good eye.
“You fool!  Your backwards thinking will kill us all!”  Lee cried as he turned his attention on Orion.  They fought furiously, each taking as many hits as he dished out.  King Frederic, Nunu, Lee’s gang, and the guards looked on dumbfounded as the struggle between the two jisbae alpha males lasted for nearly an hour, neither one willing to give in.  Alex just stood by calmly, watching the fight progress.  Knowing Orion so well, Alex knew Orion wouldn’t want, or need, any help.  Being the prince’s bodyguard wasn’t keeping the prince out of fights, it was keeping him out of trouble, and providing protection when needed.  This wasn’t one of those times.  Finally, Orion managed to land his strongest attack, a spin back kick, on the side of Lee’s head, knocking Lee into the wall and unconscious.  
“Anyone else have a problem with my decision?”  Orion ninmisned coldly and breathing heavily from the fight.  Using other people’s eyes through ninmisn, he saw the other jisbae shake their heads and take off.  “Take him up to the hospital wing,” he pointed at Lee.  Several shaken guards obeyed at once while the rest were frozen with fear.  Orion touched his eye gingerly and began to heal himself.  “Now listen, all of you,” Orion addressed everyone, mostly the other jisbae, “All my life, I had been taught that lunimorves were evil and had to be killed at any cost.  My first trip to Lunspae revealed the opposite.  I found out that lunimorves are people just like us.  I believe that the largretoi are the same way.  They’re just people.  People that look different than us.”  Orion paused and breathed deeply, Nunu and his people commited a terrible crime against those on the ship, but they were all killed, too.  Nunu is the only survivor and has been stuck here on Olhoe since.  I believe he’s paid for his crime.  It’s time to let him go.” 
Goodbyes were short as Nunu took off in a small spaceship.  Having promised to speak to his queen about a peace treaty between largretoi and jisbae, Nunu wasted no time plotting the quickest course back to Togrenia, his home planet.  Orion watched Nunu’s ship shrink as it got further and further away, eventually disappearing altogether.  Orion silently hoped that Lee’s prediction wouldn’t come true.


Chapter 38

Exhausted after two full hours of training, Orion sat down on the edge of the stone fountain in the courtyard a few days after sending Nunu home.  He drained his water bottle and splashed himself until he was soaked.  He gazed at his reflection in the water and remembered a time when he sat there, defeated.  But I overcame pyrophobia, he thought, smiling, and Father made me a warrior.  I know my real mother, and that I have brothers.  “If only I could get Tanya to like me,” he whispered to his reflection, “then life would be perfect.”  He stared at the water, daydreaming of how happy he would be with Tanya by his side as queen when he became king.  Only two more years, he thought, and I’ll be getting married, crowned king, and celebrating my twentieth birthday all on the same day!  Lost in daydreams, he was vaguely aware of all the people around him, or that pleasant talk had erupted into screams of terror as lunimorves descended from the sky.
“Protect the prince!”  The voice startled Orion.  He forgot about his daydream and surveyed the scene before him.  Lunimorves had just begun their attack on the people, and I have to help them!  Orion thought as his aching muscles argued.  I am, after all, a warrior now.  Ignoring the soreness in his legs, he shed the weighted wristbands and anklets he used for training, and leapt into battle.   He was much stronger than any of them, and he proved it by cutting down many lunimorves in his path.  The battle raged on for hours, each opponent stronger than the last.  Orion wondered how much longer he could keep this up when he heard very familiar voices cry out from behind him.  He beat his current foe down and turned around.  Backs against a wall, Tanya was cowering as Lee did his best to defend them both.  More lunimorves were advancing and Lee was knocked out of the way, leaving Tanya open to attack.  Orion dashed to her aid as a lunimorf raised a double edged sword and thrust it at her heart.  Orion threw himself between Tanya and the lunimorf.  Terrible pain, unlike any Orion had ever felt since losing his eye, burst from the middle of his back as the sword sank into his flesh.  He screamed as he fell onto Tanya’s lap. 
The lunimorf, realizing what the prince had done, and seeing him lay there, injured, cackled evilly.  He pulled Orion up by his hair and bent him backwards, gripping the sword that stuck out of his wing, and lodged in his rib cage.  Tanya stared in horror at the grimace of pain on Orion’s face.  He was exhausted and completely helpless; he couldn’t even raise his arms to defend himself.  Tanya was paralyzed with fear as the lunimorf raised Orion up off the ground and swung him around by his long braid.
An arrow, shot by Alex, hit the lunimorf in the throat, killing him.  Orion was sent flying into a wall as the lunimorf’s dead fingers released their grip on his hair.  He smashed the stones, causing the ten foot wall to come crashing down on top of him.

*****

Orion awoke, dizzy and sore, to a world of white.  Blurred vision gave him the impression of lying in the clouds.  He could just make out the shape of a person sitting over him.  He turned his head to get a better look, but still couldn’t make out who it was.
“Look!” a familiar voice called out to someone Orion couldn’t see.  “He’s waking up!”
“Calm down, Tanya, or you’ll get him worked up.”  Orion recognized the second voice.
“Josh?” Orion asked, barely audible.  He knew his brother was there, although he couldn’t see him.
“Oh, Orion,” the first voice sounded so sad.  Orion felt warmth on his left cheek.  He focused harder on the figure, and saw, to his great surprise, Tanya sitting next to him, her hand on his cheek.  “Thank goodness you’re awake.  I was so worried!”
“Am I dead?”  Orion asked, whispering.
“No, silly,” Tanya half smiled, “but you came really close.”
“Then I must be dreaming,” Orion tried to move, but pain shot through his body, and he grimaced.
“You’re not dreaming, Orion,” Tanya said, “Don’t try to move.  You’re in pretty bad shape.”
“But you’re talking to me as if you like me.  You’d never do that in real life.”  Orion remembered the encounter with Tanya that resulted in her throwing things at him.  Tanya sighed.
“Orion,” she began, not sure what to say, “I did a lot of things that I wish I hadn’t.”  She paused, looking deeply into his bright blue eye, and remembered when she had been the one lying in the hospital bed.  “I’m so sorry,” she closed her eyes.  “I had taken your kindness for granted.  It hurt when you started ignoring me.  When I saw you lying there in the hospital bed unconscious, something struck me inside.  I realized that I cared about you.”  She gazed into his half-bandaged face.  “I realized that I-,” she bent over him, “I-.”  She didn’t have a chance to finish her sentence as her lips met his.  She tenderly held his face as she pressed her mouth to his.
“I love you, Orion,” she whispered as she pulled away.  He didn’t hear her, though.  He had fallen asleep again.


Chapter 39

Orion woke up again, six days later.  This time, he was much more awake, and ready to be healed.  Like it usually does, the heat of healing soothed him.  He found it odd, however, that he didn’t need any healing below his waist.  Although, he thought, I never felt any pain in my legs, so I probably didn’t need to be healed there.  King Frederic was there, along with Tanya.  They both looked slightly worried.
“There you are, Orion!”  Joshua exclaimed as he straightened up.  He sounded rather nervous for a healer in training.  Joshua had been studying medicine on Olhoe as well as Lunspae, and was getting top marks.
Slightly fatigued from healing but pain free, Orion was ready to get out of bed and back to his normal routine of studies and training.  He turned to swing his legs over the bed, but found that he couldn’t.  He tried again, but his legs refused to obey.  He tried to kick the covers off so that he could see what was wrong, but his legs remained still.  He leaned forward and rubbed his leg, thinking that it might be asleep, but no amount of rubbing helped.  He realized that he couldn’t even feel his hand on his leg.  He looked up at everyone’s downcast faces for an answer.
“What’s wrong with me?” he asked, “Why won’t my legs work?”  Nobody said anything.  Orion turned to his brother.  “Josh,” Orion was getting worried, “what’s wrong with my legs?  Why can’t I move them?”
“You’re back had been broken,” Joshua said quietly, staring at the floor, “and-,” he stopped.
“And what, Josh?” Orion was getting panicky.  Joshua studied the floor tiles, determined not to make eye contact.  “Josh?”
“Your spinal cord was ripped in half.”  Joahua said to the floor.
“So?  You healed me, Josh,” Orion said, confused.  The pained look on Joshua’s face made Orion think the worst, “didn’t you?”
“I tried, bro,” tears welled up as he raised his eyes to Orion’s, “I tried!  But healing doesn’t work the same way on the nervous system.”  He leaned on the edge of the bed, “Your spinal cord is in one piece, but the scar tissue from healing is blocking the signal from getting through.”  Tears spilled over and streamed down his face, “I’m sorry, Orion.  There’s nothing I can do.  You’re paralyzed from the waist down.  There’s nothing anyone can do about it.”  
The news stunned Orion.  He wasn’t sure if he heard right.  He turned to look at his father and Tanya, hoping for a different answer.  Neither one would look at him, but their distraught expressions said enough.  ‘You’re paralyzed from the waist down.  There’s nothing anyone can do about it.’  The words echoed in Orion’s mind as he stared at his knees, willing them to move.  He realized that this also meant that he’d never walk again, either.
A knock on the door startled them all as another doctor came in.  Behind him came a nurse, pushing what looked like a high backed golden chair.  Orion wasn’t the least bit interested in what the chair was for, although he was sure that he knew the answer.
“Good day, all!” the doctor said, over enthusiastically.  Orion ignored him.  He sighed, realizing that his poor attempt to cheer everyone up wasn’t working.  “ I have something for you, Prince Orion,” he said, stepping out of the nurse’s way and presenting the gold chair.  Orion miserably glanced at it, then returned to examining his blankets.
“As soon as we found out that, um,” the doctor seemed rather embarrassed to be there, “that you, uh, wouldn’t be able to walk,” he said quietly, “we began working on this,” he gestured to the chair, “so that you can still get around.”  He paused, but Orion said nothing.  “It’s made out of the finest materials.  It has 24 karat gold overlaying a steel frame, the cushions are silk stuffed with feathers, and,” he twisted it around so that Orion could see that it was sitting on large wheels, “it’s back wheels have a round handle on them so that you can move without aid!”  He seemed pretty excited, but Orion wasn’t impressed.  The only thing that would impress him now would be to get up and walk out of the hospital room.  “It was finished only three days ago, Majesty.  We’ve been working on it non-stop.”  
Orion looked at the chair again.  It was pretty grand, but Orion was still miserable.  So it’s come to this, has it?  He thought, sighing.  I’ll have to rely on this chair because my stupid legs won’t work anymore.  He noticed the dejected look on the doctor’s face.
“It’s very nice, doctor,” Orion said, determined not to let his own misery spread.  “No, really, I appreciate it.  I really do.  As much as I’d like to get up, this is the next best thing.  Thank you.”  That seemed to satisfy the doctor as he bowed and left with a beaming smile on his face.  The nurse followed, eager to leave.  Orion was left alone with his father, Joshua, and Tanya.  For a while, nobody spoke.  They just stared at the chair.
“Orion,” King Frederic broke the silence, “I just want to let you know that, although I wasn’t there for you when you lost your eye, I’m here for you now.  I’ll help you get through this.”
“As will I,” Joshua agreed.  “I will do everything I can to help.”
“Me, too,” Tanya chimed in.  Orion looked at each of them in turn, a smile creeping onto his face.
“Thank you,” he said, warmth filling him.  It wasn’t like the heat of healing.  It was the feeling of being loved.  He was so used to being alone and having to fend for himself, that this new feeling was a bit startling.   “Now how about I give that chair a try?”  Tanya held the chair steady as King Frederic picked Orion up and seated him among the purple cushions.  Joshua knelt down and placed Orion’s heels on the footstool.  Orion reached over the chair’s arms and tried moving with the wheel handles.  He found that it wasn’t hard at all.  The chair glided along the floor, and the cushions were soft.
Back at his own room, Josh was unable to lift Orion from the chair to his couch.  Orion, having learned how to levitate back on Lunspae, lifted himself out of the chair and landed, less than gracefully, on the end of the couch.  That gave Tanya an idea.
“Hey, Orion, why don’t you just levitate yourself all the time?”  She asked.  Both boys looked at her.  “I mean, instead of getting around in that chair.”
“I can’t,” Orion said, panting, “I could barely lift myself just now.  I’d never be able to levitate long enough to get from place to place.”  He was sinking back into depression, the reality of his situation weighing heavily on his mind.  Joshua, on the other hand, was lost in thought.
“Could you excuse us, Tanya?” He asked, not looking at her.  “I’d like to speak to Orion alone.”
“Oh, um, okay,” she replied uncertainly.  “I guess I’ll see you tomorrow then.  Goodnight, Orion.”
“‘Night, Tanya,” Orion was staring at his knees.  His stupid knees that wouldn’t bend and straighten when he wanted them to.  Orion wanted to beat some feeling back into his legs to relieve some frustration and to make them work, but he knew that wouldn’t work, so he just stared gloomily at his stubbornly still knees. Joshua watched as Tanya left and shut the door behind her.
“Orion, listen,” Joshua said, leaning on the arm of the couch next to Orion, “it might work.  If you try hard enough, you just may be able to pull it off.”
“Pull what off, Josh?” Orion asked, glancing sideways at his brother.  He didn’t want to think about anything.  He felt that if he could fall asleep now, maybe he’d wake up in his bed with two working legs.  He hoped that the fight with the lunimorves could be a nightmare that he could push out of his mind.
“Levitation!” Joshua threw his hands in the air, a big smile on his face.  “If you practice levitating as long as you can every day, you could eventually levitate for an hour.  I can.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me, Josh,” Orion shot him an unbelieving look.
“No, seriously, bro.  Don’t you think it would be worth it to try?”  Joshua leaned back on the arm of the couch and looked into Orion’s eyes.  “Wouldn’t it?  I mean to be able to get around without the chair.”  Orion thought this over.  A smile spread across his face as he imagined levitating next to the chair rather than sitting on it.
“Alright, Joshua,” Orion said, a new hope rising in his chest, “Start your teaching!”
Every night, when Orion would normally be training with Alex in the courtyard, he and Joshua would practice levitation in Orion’s room.  Joshua said that Orion was making progress, but Orion never showed any headway.  He didn’t want to implant any false hope into everyone until he was sure that the levitation was working, so he and Joshua kept Orion’s levitation lessons a secret.  Joshua called the lessons physical therapy.  Tanya kept her promise to help by spending evenings with Orion before Joshua came in.  She would meet Orion in her parent’s room while he continued teaching her parents sign language.  Without realizing it, Tanya began to look forward to the time she would spend with Orion, counting down the minutes until he would meet her in her parent’s room.


Chapter 40

“Humph,” Boss sat at the small table in the dimly lit room, looking at his three followers.  They each glanced at each other nervously.  “Humph,” the boss repeated, trying his best to control his displeasure.  “You fools botched it up again, didn’t you?”
“Uh, well,” Bryan pulled on his collar and cleared his throat, “We did exactly like you said and attacked Prince Orion,”
“That’s right!” the other man said, overenthusiastic, “I saw many of our people attack him.”
“And they were all killed by him,” Boss scowled.  “He was stronger than we had anticipated.  How could he have gotten that much better?”
“Uh, sir,” the woman spoke up, “The attack wasn’t a total loss.  I heard that the prince foolishly jumped between one of our men and that girl and took a blow from a sword for her.  He was then thrown into a wall and several small boulders fell on top of him, breaking his back.  The prince is now paralyzed from the waist down.”
“Really?” Boss said, jumping up and knocking his chair over.  “Is what you say true?”
“Yes, sir,” she said nervously.  “ I overheard a guard at the palace say that Empress Anita is making preparations to go see him.”
“If that’s true, then it will only take one person to sneak into the palace at night and finish him off,” Boss thought out loud, an evil smile playing on his lips.  “Perhaps I should pay Prince Orion a little ‘farewell’ visit.” 


Chapter 41

Orion and Tanya were in Orion’s den when Empress Anita burst into Orion’s room with King Frederic, Joshua, and Rick following.
“Orion?” she called frantically.  Her eyes darted all over the room searching for him.
“We’re in the den!” Orion replied.
“Oh, Orion!” Empress Anita threw her arms around her son as soon as she seen him.  “I’m so sorry, baby, I’m so sorry!”  She cried into Orion’s shoulder.
“Mom, don’t!” Orion tried to pry her arms off of him, “Not in front of Tanya!”  He blushed as he glanced at her.  She reluctantly released him.
“When I heard what happened,” she said, wiping her eyes on her sleeve, “Oh, Orion!”  She squeezed him again, sobbing harder and louder.  Rick, who had followed her in, nudged her.  She turned to him and took the plastic box he was holding.  The box gave a shudder as Empress Anita turned it around.  “Look, sweetie,” she said, still sniffling, “I brought someone to see you,” she pulled a furry animal, about two feet high, out of the carrier.  The animal had black fur on it’s back and white on it’s underbelly, with a long stripe of orange fur separating the black from the white.  Two large tufts of black fur on it’s back wiggled independently as the animal was lifted up and passed to Orion.
“Star!” Orion exclaimed as he reached out to take his zupzie.  He set her on his lap and stroked her fur.  She began purring.  “Wow, you’ve gotten big!”
“That’s what happens to animals, Orion,” Empress Anita stiffled a giggle, “They grow up, whether you’re there or not, which reminds me,” she set the carrier on the floor, “why didn’t you come back with your brothers?”
“I kinda had other things on my mind,” Orion said as images of Kelia floated in his mind.
“Yea,” Joshua said slyly, “things with light green eyes, right?” Orion shot him an angry glance.
“What I want to know,” King Frederic said loudly, causing Empress Anita to look up at him, “is why you sent your warriors here in the first place.”  There was a note of anger in his voice.
“But I didn’t!” Empress Anita sobbed, “You’ve got to believe me, Frederic.”
“And what about you, Rick?” King Frederic turned his attention to Orion’s older brother, “From what I understand, you’ve been closely involved with the lunimorf warriors for a while, now.”
“Huh?  What are you talking about?” Rick asked defensively before lashing out at King Frederic, “Our warriors didn’t attack you!  You have no right to accuse us of something like that!”  King Frederic glared at Rick.
“That’s right,” Joshua spoke up.  King Frederic turned to him, still amazed at how much he and Orion looked alike.  “There’s a radical group on Lunspae called the Anti-Telblec Association, or the ATA for short.  They have rallies, fund raisers, public demonstrations, and stuff like that all the time, trying to convince people that telblecs should be completely eliminated.  We’ve put up with them because they’ve never done anything harmful.”
“Well, I think they’ve done enough harm this time!”  King Frederic yelled, his anger getting the best of him.
“I know,” Empress Anita sniffed, standing up to face King Frederic.  “As soon as I received a letter from Josh telling us what happened, I immediately sent warriors to arrest as many members of the ATA as they could find.”  She wiped her eyes.  “So how are you doing, baby?” she turned her attention to Orion.
“I’m doing alright, but I don’t like being called ‘baby.’” He scowled at her.  “Josh’s been giving me physical therapy, though.”
“Yes,” Tanya jumped on the change of subject before the tension between King Frederic and Rick turned into a fight, “and he says that Orion’s making progress!”
“That’s wonderful, sweetie,” Empress Anita smiled, although there was still a hint of sadness in her voice.  “Who’s this?” she asked, gesturing to Tanya.
“She’s my, uh, friend, Tanya,” Orion replied.  “Her ship crashed here a while back.”  He proceeded to tell her all about the jisbae and the largretoi.  The mood lightened as they talked long into the evening, not stopping until Joshua insisted that Orion would miss a session of physical therapy.  Empress Anita and Rick decided to stay on Olhoe, giving Orion moral support as he coped with being paralyzed.

*****

That night, Orion lay in bed, exhausted after his levitation lesson with Joshua.  He listened to all the usual night noises as he stared up at the darkened ceiling.  He could hear the buzzing and chirping of night creatures through an open window, along with the whispers and shuffled steps of the servants passing in the halls.  The nights that followed his transformation were restless and often frightening due to Orion’s increased hearing.  Now, he looked forward to hearing these noises each night.  Turning his head, he watched a small silhouette as it played in the moonlight across his blankets.  He smiled to himself as Star crawled this way and that, never satisfied.  
“You’re gonna like it here, Star,” he said to his pet as he closed his eyes.  Suddenly, a high-pitched scream filled the room.  Orion laid there, eyes wide, searching for the source of the noise.  It didn’t sound like any person’s voice, more like the howling of some animal.  Orion thought he saw movement out of the corner of his eye, but when he turned to look, there was nothing there.  Finally the noise ceased and silence engulfed him.  He felt that the silence would swallow him up when he felt Star crawling across his chest.  He noticed that the moonlight was in a different place as he watched his pet squeak and settle down next to him.  He realized that, while it didn’t seem like any time had passed, he must have been asleep for hours.
“Was that you making that awful wailing, Star?” he asked.  Star replied by yawning.  An urgent  knock at the door made him catch his breath.  “Who’s there?” he called to the darkness.
“What in the world was that noise?” Alex asked as he came through the door.  “Are you alright?”
“I’m fine, Alex,” Orion craned his neck to see his friend.  “I think that was Star.  I’ve never heard her wail like that before.”
“What’s Star?  Some pet of yours that you haven’t shown me?”  Alex sat on the edge of the bed.
“Yea.  I she’s a zupzie I got on Lunspae.  I didn’t bring her with me when I came back because I thought I would have returned before now.  Mother brought Star with her today.”  Orion reached over to the curled up zupzie next to him and stroked her fur.  “The only time anyone heard her wailing was when I was attacked in the park on Lunspae.”  Orion started to panic.  “I- I think someone was in my room, Alex.  I thought I saw something over there.”  He pointed towards a dresser with an oval mirror against the wall.  
“Well, there’s no one there now,” Alex said, getting up and examining the dresser.  “I think your pet scared ‘em off,”  Alex sighed, “I’m gonna have a thorough search of your rooms, okay?  Don’t worry about anything, Prince.  You’re safe in my hands.  And in your pet’s voice,” he added, smirking.  Orion pulled Star closer to him as Alex walked out the door.
“You knew there was someone there, didn’t you, Star?” Orion glanced down at the zupzie, but all he could see was black fur curled up into a ball.  “You saved my life, didn’t you?”  Orion whispered as sleep overtook him.  Star just purred in reply.

*****

“What would you like to do today, Orion?” Tanya asked as they made their way through the palace halls after dinner.  Empress Anita and Rick had shown up two days before, and hadn’t left Orion alone with Tanya for more than a couple of minutes at a time.  They endlessly pestered him for details after Orion told them about how he thought someone had snuck into his bedroom two nights before.  Although by now, he wondered if he hadn’t dreamed the whole thing.  After all, the bit of movement he thought he saw could have been Star.  Alex had searched all of Orion’s rooms up and down several times and couldn’t find anything unusual.
“Oh, I don’t know.  Why don’t you choose?” Orion said, leaning back in his wheel chair as Tanya pushed him along.  He had refused any help getting around the first few weeks after he found out he was paralyzed.  He eventually swallowed his pride and allowed Tanya to push his chair through the halls.
“How about we go down to the courtyard?” Tanya suggested, “I can push you,” she teased.  He looked up at her and smiled.  She reached down and gave him a quick kiss.
“I’d like that,” he smiled.  She pushed him through the halls and down to the courtyard, where the bright flowers were in bloom.  The cobblestone pathways made a bumpy ride, but Orion didn’t really care.  He hadn’t been outside since the day he broke his back.  He sighed, taking in the familiar sights, sounds, and smells of the courtyard.
There were flowers, bright orange, yellow, violet, and red, swaying in the cool breeze.  They passed under a large maple tree, the wind rustling it’s leaves.  Orion heard birds twittering off in the distance.  The fragrance from a hundred flowers floated over him, just to be replaced by a new wave of fragrance from the forest beyond the palace wall as the breeze drifted by.  Orion also noted the guards stationed every few feet along the palace wall.  The guard had been doubled ever since the ATA had attacked.
“Have you ever heard the legend of the Irdisae , Orion?” Tanya asked, gazing at the lazy clouds drifting in and out of the sun.
“No.  What’s an er, er-dis-aye?” Orion looked up at her.
“It’s a legend,” she said, looking straight ahead, “My mother used to tell me the story when I was little.  She says that the Irdisae was the very first jisbae.  The Irdisae was all powerful, and brought peace with him wherever he went,” she paused, looking down at Orion, “Supposedly, the planet Olhoe never knew what peace was until Irdisae brought it with him.”
“Where did he come from?”
“I don’t know,” Tanya gazed out in front of them again.  “Mother says that nobody knows where he came from or why, just that he came.”
“What did he look like?”
“He was what is known as a silver-hair jisbae.  Silver-hairs were more powerful than other jisbae.  Naturally, his hair was silver.  He’s said to have a silver tail and white wings, too.”
“What about his eyes?”
“I don’t know what color his eyes or his aura was.  I asked around the spaceship, and no one knows.  Although one version of the story says that Irdisae didn’t have any eyes.”
“Huh?  What do you mean he didn’t have eyes?”  Orion glanced up at her.  She didn’t meet his gaze.
“That version of the legend says that Irdisae traded his eyes for peace, long before he came to Olhoe.  No one knows if that’s true, but it would explain why no one knows what color his eyes were, and where he got the peace he carried with him everywhere he went.”
“I suppose,” Orion fell silent, trying to imagine what a person would look like without eyes.  He remembered looking at himself in a mirror without his eyepatch on.  His right eye socket was empty, thanks to the lunimorf that attacked him when he was little.  His empty socket, combined with the scars on his face, had given him nightmares.  He shuddered and tried to think of something else.  “So what happened to him?”
“Well, like I said, he brought peace to the planet and began the jisbae race.  He was named king.  Some people say that he eventually grew old and died, while others believe that he was so powerful, he could travel through time.  They say that once he began the jisbae race, he disappeared into the future, although he hasn’t appeared yet.”  Tanya shrugged, “Anyway, to this day, ‘Irdisae’ means king in our ancient language.  That’s why, on the ship, we’ve never named anyone king.  We believe that, when he’s ready, Irdisae will come back and name a new king to rule over us.”
“You mean like an heir?” Orion asked, twisting his ring around his finger.  Tanya nodded.  “How?  How will he come back if he’s dead?”
“Well, that’s why some people don’t believe he died.  They believe that he traveled through time, and will appear in the present and either name a new king, or rule us himself.”
“What do you believe?” Orion whispered.
“I’m not sure, but I don’t believe in time travel.  I want to believe that he will give us a new king, but I don’t know how he’d do it if he died a long time ago.”
“Yea, that would be tough,” Orion chuckled.  “Maybe he left a legacy somewhere on this planet, and the one who finds it will be the new king?”
“That must be it, Orion.  How’d you think of that?” Tanya glanced down at him.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Orion thought about his private room and his journals where he kept all of his secrets.  “Why don’t we go to the stables?  I could show you the horses,” he said hopefully, leaning back and looking up at her.
“Yea, okay,” Tanya steered him around towards the stables.  “So, do you think you’ll go looking for Irdisae’s legacy?”
“Eh,” Orion shrugged, “I’m going to be king in two years, with or without Irdisae’s permission.  That way,” he said, pointing around the back.  “My father gave me a horse for my seventeenth birthday.  But,” he sighed, “I never got a chance to ride him.”
“Well, maybe once you’re done with your physical therapy with Prince Joshua, you can ride your horse.  What do you think?”  Tanya looked hopefully at Orion.
“Yea, right,” Lee said as he stepped out from behind a corner.  “Physical therapy, indeed.  Didn’t you know that once someone’s paralyzed, there’s nothing that can be done about it, Tanya?”  Lee glanced from Tanya to Orion.  “The great prince Orion will never walk again!” Lee’s expression turned menacing, “He’s never going to be worth anything as a cripple.  You’d be a fool to think he could ever be anything now, Tanya.”  Both Orion and Tanya were too stunned to speak.  Lee turned to go.  “That includes children, Tanya.  He will never be able to be a father as a cripple.” 
“I don’t’ care about that, Lee!” Tanya argued back.  “Crippled or not, Orion is ten times the man you’ll ever be!”  Tears began welling up in her eyes.
“You say that now, Tanya,” Lee smirked, “but what about five years down the road?  Ten years?  As soon as the want for a child hits you, you’ll dump that cripple and come running back to me, begging me to take you back.  Best to come back to me now, before I find someone better than you.”
“Shut up, Lee!” Tanya started to cry, “Just shut up!”  Lee smirked before strutting away.  Tanya struggled to control her emotions.  She and Lee had grown up together, and Lee knew every one of her deepest secrets, including how much she had been looking forward to becoming a woman and having her first child.  “Stupid Lee,” Tanya whispered, sniffing.
“He’s right, Tanya,” Orion had remained silent during the brief argument.  “I’ll never be able to have kids,” Orion took a deep breath, “but that doesn’t mean I’m completely worthless!” he yelled after Lee.  “Besides, what does any of that have to do with you and I being friends?  He’s such a selfish moron!  Uh, no offence, Tanya,” he glanced up at her.  “I didn’t mean to say anything bad about your fiancé, I just don’t like him.”
“None taken,” she sighed.  “I know Lee can be a pain in the neck when he wants to, but, deep down, he’s really sweet.  I think the pressure of both his parents dying in the crash is getting to him.”
“But that was a long time ago.  Isn’t he over it by now?”
“I think he was a little more focused on adjusting to our new life here to understand that he was on his own,” she said, “but now that he’s getting used to this place, he’s coming to terms with his loss.”
“Maybe so,” Orion huffed, but that’s no excuse for treating me like dirt.  I’m a prince, and I’ll be king soon.  You’d think he’d want to be friends so that I don’t pay him back one day.”
“I don’t think that’s it at all, Orion,” she giggled, “I think he’s jealous that we’re spending so much time together now.  On the ship, there weren’t any other boys my age, so he had me all to himself.  But now...” she glanced down.  Orion chuckled.  He wasn’t about to let thoughts of Tanya’s fiancé or what he said ruin his time with her.


Chapter 42

“Aarrgghh!” Boss yelled as he beat his fists on the small table in the dimly lit room.  He let his head fall, his forehead smacking the table between his outstretched arms.
“What’s wrong, Boss?” Natalie asked, although she already knew the answer.  She rubbed one of Boss’s arms, trying to comfort him, wishing that he would just forget about Prince Orion.  Couldn’t he see what he had right in front of his eyes?  She sighed.
“It’s Prince Orion, of course,” he snapped, pulling his arm out of her reach and glaring at her.  “He’s always surrounded by so many people and guards that I can’t get close enough to touch him!  I even snuck into his bedroom one night - not an easy task with all his stupid shields up - and that horrible animal of his was watching me, hissing when I got close to the prince.”
“Why didn’t you just ignore the zupzie?” Bryan asked.
“I tried!” Boss slammed his fists down again.  “But the stupid thing jumped on me and wailed, digging it’s claws into my shirt and waking the prince.  I had to get out of there before Prince Orion raised any kind of alarm and caught me,” he sighed angrily, “I should have gotten rid of that filthy beast while I had the chance.”
“But zupzies are so cute,” Natalie argued, trying desperately to change the subject in hopes that it would change his mood.  The boss silenced her with a sneer.
“It’s your fault, you know,” Boss said.
“What’s my fault, Boss?” she asked, confused.
“If you had hung on to that miserable little fuzz ball while the prince was in the weapons shop on his first day on Lunspae, he never would have brought it home with him, and we probably would have killed him in the park.  But no!  That little furball had to go and bring people to help the prince when he got hurt.”  Boss took a deep breath, leaned back in his chair, and folded his arms.  Arguing with his followers wasn’t going to help.  He had to think of something else.  They had lost nearly all of their ATA members during the raid on Olhoe.  Those who weren’t killed in battle were arrested and put to death.  Even if they were able to rally more members - which would be extremely difficult now that the ATA was an illegal organization - the guards and warriors at the palace on Olhoe would be expecting another open attack.  They’d never get close.  
What he needed was a way to get close enough to Prince Orion, without anyone else there, especially that horrid animal, and without creating a disturbance or raising an alarm.  They had less than two years before Prince Orion would be crowned king of Olhoe and Lunspae.  Boss frowned in thought.


Chapter 43

Orion slumped on the couch in his room.  He had been practicing levitation under Joshua’s watchful eye for several weeks, and had managed to say upright for just over an hour.  He leaned back against the soft cushions and took a deep breath, wiping sweat out of his eyes.  Levitating for an hour was tiring.
“How’d I do, Josh?” Orion asked.  He was exhausted and sweaty, although he was also freezing.  Joshua had allowed a small fire in Orion’s large fireplace.
“You did great, bro,” Joshua said, glancing up at the clock, “An hour and six minutes this time.  Way to go!”  He flopped down next to Orion, sighing.  “Just think.  If you keep this up, you’ll be levitating all day in no time.”
“Yea, right,” Orion breathed, “One step at a time, okay, Josh?”  Joshua smiled.  “Hey, what’s Star doing?”  Orion asked watching his zupzie jumping and wiggling the large tufts of fur on her back.
“Looks like she’s trying to fly,” Josh said, watching the animal jump gracefully, wiggle it’s tufts of fur, and land on it’s paws before trying again.
“Fly?” Orion sat up and looked at his brother, “What are you talking about?”
“Didn’t you know?  Zupzies, once their wings grow in, can fly.”
“What wings?” Orion asked.
“See those large tufts of fur on Star’s back?” Joshua pointed.  Orion nodded.  “Well, those are immature wings.  They ought to grow in any day now.  A zupzie’s wings usually grow in when the animal’s about two years old,” he chuckled, “kind of like our wings growing in at seventeen years, huh?” He nudged Orion.
“I didn’t know zupzies grew wings,” Orion said, ignoring Joshua’s comment and staring at his pet, “I just thought that it had longer fur on it’s back.”
“Well, maybe next time you want a pet, you aughta do a little research on the animal first,” Joshua chuckled, “Break’s over.  Let’s see if you can levitate longer this time.”


Chapter 44

Orion sighed as he gazed up at the sky from his balcony, watching the clouds drift lazily over the turrets of the palace.  Like anyone else, he had dreamed of flying in and out of those clouds since he was small.  Unlike most others, he had actually had the chance to touch the sky.  He reached over his shoulder and touched his feathers, wondering if he’d ever get to fly again.  Just because his legs didn’t work, that wouldn’t mean that his wings didn’t work either.  He leaned forward in his golden wheel chair and stretched his wings.  Yes, he could still use his wings.  He reached out and took a hold of the banister and began flapping, feeling the wind play in his feathers.  Yes, he thought, I can still fly.  I’ll soar, with or without the use of my legs!  He pulled himself further out of the chair, preparing to fling himself over the balcony to catch the air and fly away.
“I guess you’re not going to need my help to die, eh, Prince Orion?” a voice growled from behind Orion.  “Well, you’re gonna get it, anyway.”  Orion immediately folded his wings and turned to find the source of the voice.  Unsteady, Orion began falling backwards, but the other person caught him and clamped a hand over Orion’s mouth before he could say anything.  “Goodbye, Prince,” the voice growled as strong hands gripped one of Orion’s wings, and snapped the bone.  Orion winced as his wing fell limp.  Orion then felt himself being thrown over the edge of the balcony.  
Orion got a glimpse of his attacker’s brown wings as he took off and Orion fell, unable to fly.  Instinctively, Orion twisted himself around so that his back was towards the sky rather than the ground.  He stretched his good wing with his broken wing bent painfully in the wind.  He tried to fly, but he only managed to slow his descent.  It wasn’t enough to save him when he hit the cobblestone of the palace courtyard below.  He began to panic, willing his broken wing to mend itself and work, but it didn’t.  He just felt an unusual heat growing in the break in his wing bone.  The heat reminded him of the heat from being healed, calming him enough to think straight.  That’s it!  Orion thought, I can heal, so I’ll just heal my wing before I crash!  Orion tried his best to align the broken ends of the bone while falling through the air, but it was impossible.  The wind kept tumbling him over himself, bending his sore wing this way and that.
Less than twenty feet above the hard ground, Orion gave up trying to heal himself and squeezed his eyes shut, preparing for impact.  To his surprise, it never came.  He vaguely noticed that the wind was gone, and alarmed, confused voices were gathering around him.  Slowly, he opened his eyes to find cobblestone less than two feet below his face.  He realized that he was floating just above the stones.  Duh!  He thought, panting heavily, Why didn’t I think of levitating before?  He sighed and let himself down slowly, until he was laying, face first, on the cold cobblestone in the courtyard.  His mind was racing as he realized that someone had come into his room and tried to kill him.  Who?  He thought, tears welling up in his eyes, Who would want to kill me?  How did they get in?  Was it the same person who got in my room the other night?  Orion flinched as guards rolled him onto his back and lifted him into a sitting position.
“Ow!  My wing’s broken,” Orion said, remembering the painful snap of his wing bone when his attacker broke it.
“Orion!” Joshua called as he flew down to the courtyard, “Are you okay?  What happened?”  He landed and knelt next to Orion.
“Someone came into my room,” Orion said, wincing and holding his injured wing, “and threw me over the edge of my balcony.  He broke my wing before he threw me so that I couldn’t fly.”
“Orion!  What are you doing down here?” King Frederic and Empress Anita jogged up to where the guards crowded Orion.  Orion thought it odd that his parents would be coming from the same direction and at the same time.  Could they have been spending time together?
“I was attacked,” Orion repeated for his parents, pushing any questions about his parent’s relationship out of his mind.  After all, it wasn’t his business, though he would love to see his parents together and be a real family.
“By who?  Did you see his face?”
“No,” Orion looked down, “I only remember seeing him spread his wings as he took off.”  He scrunched his nose in thought, “They were brown.”  Joshua exchanged a worried glance with Empress Anita.  King Frederic frowned in thought.  There were few jisbae on the planet, and less with brown wings.  Besides Orion’s brother, there were only three jisbae who had brown hair and wings.
“Find all of the jisbae who have brown wings,” King Frederic barked at the guards, “And take them to the throne room to be questioned.  Orion and I will be there shortly.  Josh, heal Orion so we can go.”  Joshua nodded and began healing Orion’s wing.  The soothing heat relaxed Orion.  A few minutes later, a servant came down with Orion’s wheel chair.
“Certainly we don’t need to worry about Rick?” Empress Anita turned to King Frederic, placing a hand on his arm.  “He wouldn’t have done this.”
“Brown wings is the only clue we’ve got right now,” King Frederic said, shrugging her arm off.  “Besides, Rick has been acting rather suspicious ever since you and he came here, Anita.”
“But he’s Orion’s brother!  He would never-,” she began.
“And I don’t’ trust him!” King Frederic hollered, facing her.  “Rivalry among brothers for an inheritance is common, especially when the inheritance is a throne,” King Frederic explained, stepping past Orion, who was still to shocked from his experience to speak.  “Let’s go.”
Once they were in the throne room, the guards brought in the four jisbae with brown wings.  Orion glanced at each of them.  His brother, Rick, was standing calmly between two guards, looking around at the others.  Orion briefly wondered if his father was right, and Rick was overly jealous that Orion would become king.  He didn’t seem jealous, though, and had told Orion that it was for the best.  Tanya’s father was being held by two guards, looking confused, with both his wife and Tanya next to him.  Both Tanya and her mother looked worried.  The third jisbae was Lee, Tanya’s fiancé, standing there between the guards with his arms crossed and a scowl on his face, looking directly at Orion.  Orion figured that, if anyone here wanted to kill him, it would be Lee.  After all, Lee had never liked him, and made it very plain to everyone.  Orion also thought that a big part of Lee’s dislike towards him had to do with Orion’s newfound friendship with Tanya.  The last one was a woman about twice Orion’s age, whom Orion had never seen before.  She looked around in awe, flanked by two guards, taking in the splendor of the throne room.
“I apologize for the inconvenience,” King Frederic stood in front of the throne on a raised platform, “but I had my guards bring you here because my son, Prince Orion, was attacked earlier today.”  Murmurs erupted from the jisbae and their captors.  “The only clue we have as to who did it is the fact that the attacker had brown wings.  Since you all have brown wings, you are all suspects.”  Murmurs and protests rose up at King Frederic’s announcement.  Orion just watched and listened to them, hoping to hear the same growling voice he heard just before being thrown over the balcony, but he didn’t.
“I never hurt the prince!” the woman began sobbing, “I wouldn’t!”
“I didn’t do it,” Lee scowled, “I’m not that stupid.”
“Why would I hurt my own brother?” Rick asked.
“My husband didn’t do it!” Tanya’s mother cried.  Tanya’s father waved his arms rapidly. “We both love Prince Orion.  He’s been teaching us both sign language since my husband can’t speak.”
“Orion,” Tanya sobbed, approaching Orion, “Father wouldn’t do such a thing.  You know he wouldn’t!”
“You’re right, Tanya,” Orion said, remembering the growling voice, “My attacker spoke to me.  Your father can’t speak, so he couldn’t have done it.  Release him!” Orion said to the guards.  They immediately backed away from Tanya’s father.  “The voice I heard was definitely male,” Orion continued, “so that woman couldn’t have done it, either.  Let her go.”  The guards dropped her arms and stepped back.  She dropped to her knees and cried in relief.
“That leaves either Rick or Lee,” King Frederic said, looking from one to the other.
“I didn’t do it,” Lee repeated, frowning, not taking his eyes off of Orion.
“C’mon, bro,” Rick leaned on one leg and put his hands on his hips, “You know it wasn’t me.  I’ve got no reason to attack my little brother.”
“I’m not little,” Orion said defensively.
“And you have a perfectly good reason, too,” King Frederic added, folding his arms, “Now that Orion’s going to inherit Lunspae, that is.”
“Frederic!” Empress Anita shot him a nasty glance.  King Frederic glared back at her.
“That’s true,” Rick said calmly, “but Orion and I had already discussed it, and I’m okay with Mother’s decision.”
“And what about you, Lee?” Empress Anita said, trying to turn King Frederic’s attention away from Rick.  She gazed angrily at Lee.  “From what I heard, you and Orion are pretty much at each other’s throats.”  Everyone turned their attention to Lee.
“Just because I don’t like Prince Orion as much as everyone else, doesn’t mean that I’m stupid enough to attack him,” Lee snapped, “Besides, he saved my fiancé’s life when the ATA attacked.  I don’t have anything against him.”
“Except the fact that Tanya seems to spend more time with Orion than she does with you,” Rick muttered, looking away.  Lee shot him an angry glare.
“Nobody asked you!” Lee shot back, pulling against the guards that still held him.  Rick took a defensive stance.
“That’s enough!” King Frederic yelled.  Taking a deep breath to clam himself, he turned to Orion.  “What do you think, Orion?  Which of these two threw you off the balcony?”  He glanced at Rick and Lee.  “Personally, I think Rick did it.”
“That’s preposterous,” Rick said calmly, crossing his arms again.  “Like I already told you, Orion’s my brother.  I have no intention on harming family.”
“I certainly didn’t do it,” Lee said, glaring at Rick  “I’m not a murderer.  Listen, if you don’t believe me, use ninmisn to read my mind.  I didn’t do it.”  Orion raised a hand for silence.  A new realization just came over him.
“Along with ninmisn, we also have fysimae at our disposal,” Orion began, trying to use his best regal voice.  “Every living lunimorf has learned to master fysimae as children.  I honestly believe that it was not one of these,” Orion gestured to the four assembled in front of him, “but someone else.  Perhaps someone who escaped the attack that left me,” he paused and took a shaky breath, “stuck in this chair.”  Empress Anita moved closer and put her hand on Orion’s shoulder.  Orion reached up and squeezed her hand.  Orion took a deep breath.  “Let them go.  They’re not the ones we’re after.”

Chapter 45

“You made the right decision.  I still don’t think Lee did it,” Tanya said as she gazed into the fire.  They were both sitting on Orion’s couch three days after Orion had been attacked.  Orion had been struggling with his decision of letting Lee go.  Lee was the only one Orion could think of who held a grudge against him.  Tanya sighed and leaned over onto Orion, laying her head on his shoulder.
“Well, he’s never really liked me,” Orion pointed out, “Ever since I took an interest in you, and then when I saved Nunu.”  He put his arm around her.
“That’s true,” Tanya admitted, “but you don’t really know Lee that well.  I can’t see him trying to murder someone - even someone he hates - without a fair fight.  He’s the only son our old chief had.  Since the chief died in the wreckage, Lee was supposed to become our new chief.  He had been taught about fairness and justice, even with those who would kill everyone in sight just to prove a point.  I just can’t see him killing someone who couldn’t defend himself.”  Orion looked down.  He knew she was trying to explain her view about Lee, but the idea that Orion was completely helpless to fight off his attacker cut him deeply.  All his life, he had worked hard to become a warrior, so that he could help defend those who couldn’t defend themselves.  Now he was one of those who needed protection.  He couldn’t even run away!  But that’s going to change, he thought, Once I can levitate long enough to stay afloat for hours on end, I’ll finally be rid of this stupid chair.
His gaze shifted from the fire to the beauty sitting beside him.  His thoughts about being a warrior, having been attacked, and the wheel chair melted from his mind to be replaced with thoughts of Tanya.  She looked up at him as he stared at her, her bright pink eyes sparkling like gems in the noonday sun.  He leaned closer to her, closing his eyes, waiting to feel her lips touch his.  Closer... closer...
A loud knock startled them both.  “Come in!” Orion called irritably as he sat back against the cushions of the couch.
“Hey, bro!” Rick said cheerfully as he bounded over to where Orion and Tanya sat, “How are you feeling?  I mean after that attack, you know.  That was a close call.  It’s a good thing Josh had taught you fysimae on Lunspae, huh?”
“Yea, good thing,” Orion mumbled.  He wasn’t too happy about being interrupted.  He hardly had any time alone to be with Tanya, and when he finally found a few minutes, Rick just had to barge in.
“What’s eating you, bro?” Rick asked, plopping himself down between Orion and Tanya.  She obligingly scooted over to make room.  “Josh has been giving you physical therapy, right?  Orion nodded.  “Any progress yet?”
“No,” Tanya answered, looking at her hands.  “He can’t do so much as wiggle his toes.”
“That’s too bad,” Rick said, sympathetically.  “Hey!  How about I make some tea for you two?  To, you know, cheer you up a bit?  I’ve got some beestripe leaves with me.  They make excellent tea, believe me.  How about it?”
“Sure, Ricky, that would be nice,” Orion sighed indifferently.  In fact, Orion hadn’t actually been too happy since the last attack.  He had been high strung and on edge, waiting for the next attack.  Joshua kept pushing Orion past his previous limit every night with levitation practice.  He could use a pick-me-up.
Rick got up and pulled some dull yellow leaves with black stripes from a black leather pouch attached to his belt.  He fysimaed a teapot out of nothing, and proceeded to the washroom for some water.  He crumbled up the beestripe leaves in the teapot as he went.  Tanya scooted closer to Orion after Rick got up.  Rick emerged from the washroom and set the teapot gently on the burning logs, using a firepoker so he didn’t burn his sleeves.  When the teapot began whistling, he stirred it a bit, and poured it into two cups he created out of nothing, one for Orion and the other for Tanya.  Setting the teapot on a table, Rick squeezed between Orion and Tanya again, forcing her to make room or be sat on.
“Don’t you want any?” Tanya asked, taking a sip.
“Nah, I’m good,” Rick answered cheerfully.
“Does it look like he needs tea to make him happy?” Orion asked irritably between sips.  Tanya rolled her eyes.  
“He’s got a point, you know,” Rick chuckled.  “Listen, I’ve got things to do,” he said, filling Orion’s nearly empty cup,   “So I’ll see you two later, okay?  No getting attacked while I’m gone, alright Orion?”
“Sure thing, Ricky,” Orion smiled wide as Rick left.  The tea was making him lighthearted and lightheaded.  He had heard of beestripe tea while he was on Lunspae, but had never tried it before.  He glanced at Tanya as he took another sip.  The tea seemed to be having the same effect on her, too.  He forgot about everything as he finished his second cup and gazed into her eyes.  She hiccuped and fell into his arms, dropping her empty cup.  Orion tried getting up to make room for her, but his legs didn’t want to obey.  It took a minute for him to remember that he was paralyzed, and wouldn’t be able to move his legs.  He satisfied himself with twisting around to face her so that she was laying on top of him.  He felt her hand trace the contours of his chest muscles as he held her head to his shoulder.  He leaned back and sighed, his vision growing dark as he passed out.


Chapter 46

Boss looked around the empty room.  It was the same, dimly lit room he always met his followers in.  The lighting wasn’t too good, but he could see just fine with his jisbae eyes.  There was a single bulb hanging from the center of the ceiling, right above the small table, where four different chairs sat around in disarray.  One of the chairs had been knocked on it’s side.  Boss took a seat at the largest of the chairs, a high backed, worn maple chair that had a broken arm, waiting for the three people he knew would come.  He took a beestripe leaf out of a black pouch fixed to his belt and traced his fingers across the black and yellow stripes.  He felt the odd, fuzzy covering on the leaf.  Placing it on the table in front of him, he pulled a different leaf from another pouch.  This leaf was large and waxy, with small spikes running along the edge.  It was bright green, very pleasing to the eye, and had a pleasant smell.  He fingered the waxy leaf before setting it down next to the other one.  
He leaned back in his chair, waiting for his followers.  He didn’t have to wait long.  The two men and the woman filed in and took their seats quietly, watching Boss and glancing at the leaves he had placed on the table.
“Do you know what these are?” Boss asked, gesturing to the leaves on the table.
“Yea,” Bryan answered, squinting to see better.  He was just a lunimorf, and therefore couldn’t see as well as Boss.  “They’re leaves.  This one here’s a beestripe leaf.  It makes a decent tea, but it has some undesirable side effects if you drink too much and you’re not used to it.”
“Very good.  How about the other one?”
“I’ve never seen leaves like that in my entire life,” Natalie stated, “I have no idea what it is.”
“It’s a majacka leaf.  The plants only grow on Olhoe.”
“No wonder we’ve never seen them before,” Mac stated, staring at the leaf.  “What’s it used for?”
“It’s poisonous,” Boss stated, “It can kill a grown man if it’s ingested.  The others gasped.  “That’s right.  The plants are harmless to look at, smell, touch, and prune.  They actually smell rather nice.  But if you swallow the juices, even a drop, you’ll die.  It’s that powerful.”
“So is there any way to get Prince Orion to eat this?” Natalie asked.
“I tried.  Back when he was still here on Lunspae, at the palace.  I made a sauce for his food using these leaves, but a chef was able to stop Prince Orion from eating it.  Prince Orion’s food tester dropped dead after tasting it.  I also heard that Orion was able to smell the majacka juice, too, but didn’t realize what it was.  The only way to be able to poison him with it again would be to cover up the smell with something else he didn’t recognize.  Hence, the beestripe leaf.”
“You mean you’re going to make a tea with the beastripe leaves, and put majacka in it?”
“Not ‘going to’,” Boss smirked, “Did.  I’ve already given Prince Orion and his girlfriend some of the poisoned tea.  I made sure the prince had at least one full cup.  If he isn’t dead by now, he will be.  Very soon.”
“Genius,” Mac said, “Pure genius.”


Chapter 47

Orion awoke in a white room that he was way too familiar with.  He had a pounding headache.  He was sore all over, and his stomach wouldn’t stop rumbling.  He rolled over on the bed and threw up on the floor.  He rolled again onto his back and moaned, covering his eyes with his arm.  He couldn’t remember feeling so ill before.  He couldn’t remember much of anything, except that he wasn’t supposed to be in bed.  He coughed, which made his head pound even more.  Tears streamed from his eyes, normal saltwater from his good, left eye, and blood from his right eye socket, soaking the clean white sheets in bright red.  He thought it odd that the room was white, when he knew his bedroom had tan walls with golden brown wood edging near the floor and ceiling.  He also thought it was way too bright, even with sunlight coming in from the window.  He leaned over and threw up again, his stomach juices eating his throat raw.  He tried flexing his fingers, but they were too sore to move.  He coughed and sniffed, willing the pain away.  He heard footsteps coming near his room and stopping in the doorway.
“Nurse,” a familiar voice called, “We got a mess in here.  Would you come clean it up?”  Orion slowly turned his head to see where the voice was coming from.  “It’s okay, bro,” the voice said, “You’re gonna be alright.”
“Josh?” Orion asked weakly.  His throat was sore from throwing up, and it hurt to talk, but he wasn’t going to risk ninmisn with his head hurting so badly.
“Yep, it’s me,” Joshua said, stepping closer to Orion.  “You gave us a real scare, there, bro.  You and Tanya, both.”
“Tanya?” Orion asked, confused.  He didn’t remember trying to scare anyone, or partnering up with Tanya to do it, either.  
“Are you alright, Orion?” King Frederic asked, walking up to Orion and sidestepping the mess. 
“Uh, I think so,” Orion said.  He wasn’t sure if he was alright or not.  He just wanted the pain and nausea to go away.
“It’s a good thing this didn’t happen before you transformed,” King Frederic stated, “Or you might not have survived.”  Orion vaguely remembered something about a transformation, and that it strengthened his immune system, along with other changes.  He figured that was what his father was talking about.
“What happened?  I don’t remember anything,” Orion whispered, trying not to make his throat hurt worse.
“We’re not sure, Orion,” his father said, “All we know is that you and Tanya were poisoned with majacka juice.  We found both of you unconscious on the floor in front of the couch in your main room.  We had thought the worst...” he let his voice trail off.  Orion closed his eyes and listened to the sounds in the room, not wanting to talk anymore.  He heard someone cleaning something off the floor, and someone else crying softly.  He opened his eyes and saw his mother standing there beside his father.  He wondered why he didn’t see her before.  He didn’t really care.  His head hurt too much to think.  He remembered how good he felt when he drank the tea Rick had made for him.
“Can I have some tea?” Orion asked.
“Tea?  You don’t like tea, Orion,” King Frederic said.
“Yes I do.  Rick made some really good tea for me the other day.  I think it was some kind of bee stuff tea,” Orion tried to think through the pain in his head.  “He made some for me and Tanya.  It was really good.  He said it would make us happy, and it did.”
“You mean beestripe tea?” Empress Anita asked.
“Yea!” Orion perked up at the name, “Beestripe tea.  It was good.” Orion relaxed and half closed his eyes, remembering the taste of the hot tea.  Empress Anita shot King Frederic a worried glance. 
“Are you sure, honey?” she asked Orion, “Are you sure it was beestripe tea?”
“Uh-huh.  It was good.”  
“What’s wrong, Anita?” King Frederic asked, sensing the worry in her voice.  “What’s wrong with beestripe tea?”
“Nothing, really,” she stammered.  “It can lead to drunkenness if you take too much, but otherwise it’s harmless.  It’s just that,” she looked down at Orion, who had fallen asleep.
“Just what?” King Frederic demanded, forcing her to look at him.
“It’s just that I-,” she paused, “I found some beestripe tea in a cool teacup on the floor in Orion’s room.  There wasn’t much left - just the dregs - so I was about to throw it out.  Then I noticed an odd, green leaf in the bottom.  Beestripe leaves are black and yellow, just like a bee.  I had no idea what the green leaf was, but it had tiny spikes along the edge,” she met his eyes, “Do you think that was a majacka leaf?”
“Most likely,” King Frederic said, thinking, Which means-,” he paused as the truth dawned on him, “Rick tried to poison Orion!  I knew it!  Rick’s been after Orion ever since you told him he wasn’t going to inherit Lunspae!”
“No, I don’t believe it, Frederic,” Empress Anita said, shaking her head, “Rick loves Orion.  Why would he try to poison him?  Maybe someone else slipped the majacka into the tea?”
“Or maybe,” Joshua said, thinking, “since majacka only grows here on Olhoe and not on Lunspae, Rick didn’t know what it was.  I’ve seen some plants in the garden.  Majacka does smell good, maybe Rick thought it would taste as good as it smelled?”
“Perhaps, but I doubt it.  Rick’s too smart for his own good.  Where is he, anyway?” King Frederic said, looking around and growing angry.  “If he loves Orion so much, how come he hasn’t come to see Orion in the hospital wing all week?  I want guards to keep an eye on him,” King Frederic said angrily.  “Rick isn’t to go anywhere or do anything without my guards knowing.  Find him,” he barked at the guards outside of Orion’s door.  “And keep an eye on him at all times.  Let me know if he does anything suspicious.”
“Yes, Majesty,” three guards said and rushed down the hall.
“Frederic,” Empress Anita said sympathetically, “I know you’re worried about Orion - I am too - but don’t you think you’re jumping to conclusions?  I know you don’t like Rick, but he is Orion’s older brother!”
“Anita,” King Frederic approached her, “stop defending him!  Yes, he’s your son.  Yes, he’s Orion’s brother.  But you’ve got to see what’s going on here!  Rick is trying to do away with Orion so the throne will be clear for him.”
“Will you listen to yourself, Frederic?” Emperess Anita grabbed his shoulders.  “If Rick is trying to kill Orion to clear up the throne, that means that he’d want to kill Josh, too.  You said he was smart.  He knows that if Orion dies, then Josh will become king.  Rick would have to kill them both to have a chance to become king.  Lee, on the other hand-,”
“That means that Josh is in danger, too,” King Frederic turned away from her, completely ignoring her arguement.  “He has to be warned.  Now.”  He hurried out of the room before Empress Anita had a chance to reply.  She bit her nails and sobbed as she watched him go.


Chapter 48

The days flew by without further incident.  Orion and Tanya recovered from the poison within weeks.  Rick came back to Olhoe after Orion had recovered, astonished to hear that his brother had been poisoned, and that he had been accused of doing the poisoning.  Rick had admitted to adding the majacka leaves to Orion’s tea, but he had no idea that they were so dangerous.  He said that someone had given him the leaves and told him that they would taste as nice as they smelled.  He had apologized all over himself whenever he seen his mother or his brothers, trying to reassure them that he wasn’t the one they were after.  He did his best to stay away from King Frederic.  True to his word, King Frederic made sure that Rick never made that mistake again, and had guards follow Rick everywhere.  Rick was no longer allowed to see either of his brothers without bodyguards.  Alex stayed with Orion every moment, much to Orion’s displeasure.  Because of that, Alex learned about Orion’s levitation lessons, and swore secrecy.
The harvest festival came and went.  Orion, being stuck in a wheel chair and being embarrassed by it, hadn’t gone at all.  King Frederic offered to give Orion and Tanya a ride in the carriage, but Orion refused, giving the excuse of feeling ill.  As the days began to cool off in the evening, Orion and Tanya would take strolls in the courtyard, followed by Alex. One day, Orion heard cheering and whooping when he and Tanya entered the gardens.  Rounding a bend, he saw his friends, Chris, Jose, Shane, Teddy, and Kevin, along with his brother, Joshua, playing a game of three on three tawttuwy ball.  Tanya watched in amazement.  She had never seen a game of tawttuwy ball, although she had heard people talk about it.  Orion, on the other hand, watched with envy.  Orion wished he could get up out of his chair and play with them.  He’d show Tanya what an amazing tawttuwy ball player he was.  He sighed, depression sinking in.
“That looks like fun,” Tanya commented, “How do you play?  Are you supposed to get the ball through that swinging hoop?”  Orion proceeded to tell her all about tawttuwy ball.
“I just wish I could play, too,” he sighed. 
“Hey, buddy,” Alex said, noticing Orion’s mood change, “what’s wrong?”
“Nothing,” Orion said, gloomily, “I just wish I could play with you guys like before.”
“Yea, that’s too bad,” Alex looked down, “but maybe someday you’ll conquer your paralysis, just like you conquered your pyrophobia.  What do you think?”
“I don’t know, Alex,” Tanya spoke up, “A phobia is a condition of the mind.  Paralysis is a condition of the body.  The two conditions are very different, and must be handled differently.”
“I suppose you’re right, Tanya,” Alex admitted, not wanting to give Orion’s secret levitation lessons away.  “So, Orion, you think you’ll conquer paralysis someday like you conquered pyrophobia?”  Alex looked up hopefully, “I really enjoyed flying together with you, except for that time you hid from me in the woods.”  Orion smiled.  He remembered ducking into the trees to hide from Alex and ended up finding Nunu.
“Hi, Orion!” Shane called.  Orion looked up.  The boys had just finished their game and were coming over to meet him.  Orion greeted his friends.
“So who won?” Orion asked.
“The blue team,” Shane said, sighing as he took off his red gloves.  Jose laughed and clapped Shane on the back.
“Maybe next time, you won’t give us so many points, amigo,” Jose said, chuckling.  Spying Orion he continued, “Shane kept getting the ball and scored about five points, but four of those points were for the blue team!”  Orion explained to Tanya that no matter who put the ball through the hoop, the team that got the point was the same color as the side of the hoop with that color.  If a red team member got the ball through the hoop on the blue side, the blue team got the point.  Tanya didn’t really understand it too well.  All of the boys launched into an explanation of the game, which just made Tanya even more confused.
“I’ll tell you what, boys,” she said, although she was years younger than they were, “You go ahead and play.  I’ll sit on the sidelines with Orion and watch, okay?”  Orion couldn’t hide his disappointment when six of the young men ran back to play ball, while Orion was forced to watch, and not play, his favorite game with his friends.  Joshua decided to sit this game out and let Alex play instead.
“How about we go inside and play cards?” Joshua asked, noticing Orion’s mood.  “I’ve had enough of this game for today.  It’s too fast paced for me,” he lied.  Joshua loved the game as much as Orion did, but he tried to hide it to support his brother.  Orion nodded his agreement.  “Hey, Alex!” Joshua called, “Orion, Tanya and I are going in to play cards.”
“Alright,” Alex said, disappointed that he had to cut his game short, “I’m coming.”


Chapter 49

“Enter!” King Frederic called to a knock on the door.  He looked up to see Empress Anita come through the doors.  “What do you want?” he sighed, exasperated.  He couldn’t understand why, when she hadn’t been interested in Orion for sixteen years, she seemed to care about him so much now.  Although she wouldn’t go back to Lunspae unless he ordered it, she didn’t seem to spend much time with Orion at all.  He couldn’t figure out why she thought her presence in the palace did any good at all.  It just made him angry.
“I just wanted to talk, Frederic,” she said, walking over to his desk and leaning her hands on the edge.
“I don’t want to talk to you,” he said, glancing up, “I have too much work to do.”
“You just need a break,” she said, rounding the desk and coming up behind him, rubbing his shoulders.  He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to keep his temper.  He now understood why she wanted to be here on Olhoe instead of Lunspae.  It wasn’t so much to be with Orion as it was to be with him.
“Anita, I-,” he began.
“Call me Annie,” she said, “Please?”  She leaned over, next to his ear.  He looked sideways at her.  He tried to look irritated, but her bright blue eyes melted his heart and he smiled.
“Alright, Annie,” he sighed, setting his pen down and swiveling in his chair to face her.  “What did you want to talk about?”
“Us,” she said, pulling on his shirt playfully, excited that she had his full attention.
“There is no ‘us’,” he said, frowning.
“But there could be,” she said, kneeling down and looking into his eyes.
“Not with the war going on,” he sighed and closed his eyes.  Talking to her was worse than explaining the meaning of the universe to a child.  “We are at war, Annie.  We are enemies.  We’re not supposed to be together like this.”
“But what about Orion?  Orion will end the war in less than two years.  Our people will be one!”
“Perhaps, but until then, we are still at war.” He removed her hands from his shirt, “Try to remember that, Annie.”
“One night isn’t going to change our lives, Freddie,” she cooed.
“It already has.” he scowled, looking deep into her eyes to make sure she understood what he said.
“But,” she got up, remembering the one night the two of them had spent together that had led to her getting pregnant with twins, Orion and Joshua.  “But that worked out for the best.  Think of all the good things those two have brought to us.  And because Orion is a prince of your people as well as mine, the war will finally be over!” she kneeled down again, “Don’t tell me you regret spending that night with me?”  
King Frederic looked away and thought hard before answering.  He was the king of the telblec people.  They expected him to lead them in the war against the lunimorves.  They expected him to hate Empress Anita and her people, but he didn’t.  At least when she gave him Orion, he was able to satisfy the curiosity of his people by telling them that Orion’s pale skin was a strange, new mutation.  Although, now that Orion had explained everything to everyone, King Frederic couldn’t hide the truth from his people any longer.  He had told them about how, when he was kidnaped, he had been tortured and put through many things that he had no power over.  He had allowed his people to believe that getting the empress pregnant was one of those things.  He had also convinced his people that he allowed the empress to be here because Orion needed her now, to help him cope with his handicap.  Everyone loved their prince, so they had accepted King Frederic’s explanation.  It wasn’t the complete truth.  King Frederic enjoyed having her around, too, but he never let anyone know.  
Did he regret spending that night with Empress Anita?  No.  The truth was that he was fascinated by her.  He loved a woman he was supposed to hate, and he wanted to be with her.  That was the reason he never married again, after his first wife died years ago.  That was the reason he didn’t spend much time with his son, Orion.  Orion reminded King Frederic of Empress Anita too much, and it hurt that they couldn’t be together.  He wanted to be with Empress Anita, but he couldn’t, and no other woman was good enough for him.  No other woman could come close to her charms.  No other woman was half as beautiful as Empress Anita.  He looked into her eyes, her beautiful, blue eyes.  The same eyes she had given to Orion, and King Frederic had been forced to see every day as Orion grew up.
Without saying anything, he brought his hand up and brushed a tear away that had just begun to slide down her cheek.  He allowed his hand to brush her ear, then her throat, finally resting on the nape of her neck, under her hair.  He wrapped his other arm around her back and pulled her close to him, slipping off of the chair and standing up.  He gazed deeply into her eyes, her face only inches from his.  He closed his eyes slowly as his lips met hers.
An icy blast of wind rattled the large, glass doors in the den, startling both of them, and forcing them to look up.  Letting go of Empress Anita, King Frederic walked over to his den and pulled the heavy, black curtain back.  He watched the snow beat against the glass door, as if it was trying to break the glass and get in.  King Frederic shivered.  
“Looks like a blizzard,” Empress Anita said, stepping up to the glass door next to King Frederic and laying her hand on his arm.
“Yea,” King Frederic continued to stare out at the storm.  He wasn’t seeing the snow for what it was, he was imagining it as what his people would do if they ever found out about his secret love.  They would storm the palace, screaming for his execution.  It had happened before.  A man who was king had betrayed his people and was dethroned, dragged into the street, and stoned to death.  His family had been executed, too.  The people then chose a new king to rule them.  That new king was King Frederic’s grandfather.  King Frederic shivered to think of his people doing that to him.  He had to keep Empress Anita away from him, not only for his own safety, but for his sons, too.  He had to keep his secret, at least until Orion became king and ended the war.  Then they would be free to love each other.  Until then, it was too risky.
“Frederic,” she said, as if reading his mind, “You don’t have to be afraid.  When my people found out about my love for you, I thought they would rebel, and force me from the throne,” she pushed his shoulder so that he was facing her, “But they didn’t.  They were happy for me.  Well, not so much for me as for themselves.  It turns out that they were waiting for the war to end, and were overjoyed to learn that I had your child.  A child that would eventually grow up to bring the telblec kingdom and the lunimorf empire together.  Of course,” she looked down and smirked, “they thought that child was Josh, not Orion.”  She smiled up at him.  He towered over her.  She was just over five foot tall, as was the normal height for a lunimorf.  King Frederic, on the other hand, stood nearly seven feet tall, as did most telblecs.
“I’d rather not risk it,” he said, turning back to the storm.
“Frederic, I-,”
“Don’t, Annie,” he said, interrupting her, “Please, just go.”
“I do love you, Frederic,” she said as she kissed his arm and walked away.  King Frederic watched her go from over his shoulder.  After she left his rooms, he looked out at the blizzard again.  He placed his hand on the cold glass and wept.


Chapter 50

Each day slipped into the next, and the rest of the year passed quickly to everyone but Orion.  To him, the days dragged on, full of boredom and frustration at his handicap.  Orion hardly noticed when the snows came and covered everything in an icy blanket, or when the weather became warm again.  He didn’t really care what the weather was like since he stayed inside.  He spent most of his free time in the library, reading, studying, and dreaming of other worlds.  He didn’t enjoy going outside the way he did before.  Being outside reminded him too much of all the outdoor activities that he wasn’t able to do anymore.  Once in a while, Orion would go down to the stables to see his foal.  He enjoyed seeing his horse grow large, larger than the other horses, but was disappointed when he realized that he may never get to ride his young horse.  All through Orion’s grief over his handicap, Tanya stayed by his side, supporting Orion at any chance she got.  Orion was sure he would have given up on everything if it wasn’t for her.
Orion and Joshua’s nineteenth birthday approached quickly.  Orion decided to celebrate the same way as the past two years, despite the fact that he was paralyzed.  Joshua, excited about having a large, double party again, stayed to celebrate along with Orion.  Both Empress Anita and Rick stayed, too, to keep a watchful eye on Orion, and to give moral support.  Finally, the day before the party arrived and yielded to a warm, peaceful night.  Rick was about to go to bed early when a knock on the door changed his mind.
“Majesty,” the servant stepped inside, “Prince Orion would like to see you in his rooms right away.”
Sighing, Rick threw on a bathrobe over his pajamas and followed the servant into the hall.  He knew the way, but the servant had insisted on leading him.  Once there, the servant knocked, and opened the door after hearing Orion call them in.  The servant bowed Rick in and left.  Orion was in his wheel chair, even though he preferred the couch.  King Frederic and Empress Anita were already there, along with Tanya’s parents, Alex, and Joshua.
“What’s this all about?” he asked, yawning.
“That’s what we’d like to know, Orion,” King Frederic commented, a note of irritation in his voice from being interrupted so late.
“Patience,” Orion said slyly, “Tanya’s not here yet.  I’d like to wait for her.”  They didn’t have to wait long, though.  Less than five minutes later, Tanya and Lee charged in the room, arguing with each other.  They both fell silent at the small crowd gathered in Orion’s room.
“Orion?” Tanya asked, “What’s going on?”
“You’re all here,” he said, surveying the room, “Good,” he sighed.  “I’m sure you’re wondering why I’ve asked you all here so late.”  Everyone nodded.  Joshua yawned.  “Well, as you know, I’ve been undertaking physical therapy with Josh every night for almost a year.  While you probably haven’t noticed any progress whatsoever-,”
“I have, Orion,” King Frederic cut in.
“You have?” Orion turned to his father, a surprised look on his face.  He had tried his best not to show any hint of progress.
“Yep,” King Frederic nodded, “your mood has changed so much since you woke up in the hospital wing, nearly a year ago.”
“I see,” Orion hadn’t noticed a change in his own mood over the months, “Anyway, other than my demeanor, you probably haven’t noticed any progress at all.”  The others shook their heads and began to whisper to each other.  Orion held up his hand for silence.  “Well, I have made progress.  Lots of progress.  I’ve just been keeping it a secret from you until I was sure it was working.”  He paused, looking at each of them in turn.  His excitement was growing as much as everyone’s curiosity.  “Well, I’m sure now.”  With that, he placed his hands on the arms of the chair and leaned forward.  He put so much pressure on the chair that Joshua, who was standing beside Orion, had to hold it to keep it from rolling backwards.  Orion placed one foot on the floor, then the other, and straightened up.  Joshua wheeled the chair backwards to show that Orion wasn’t leaning on it in any way.  He was standing up, completely on his own.
Silence, so thick you could have cut it with a knife, pressed in as everybody stared at Orion.  Nobody said a word, or even dared to breathe.  Everyone stared at Orion openmouthed.  Orion gazed at everyone expectantly, but didn’t get the reaction he was looking for.
“So, what do you think?” he asked, a grin spreading on his face.
“Oh, sweetie!” Empress Anita sobbed and threw her arms around Orion, causing him to stumble, but not fall.  
“Mom,” Orion said, embarrassed by her behavior, but she just cried harder into his shirt.  
“Wha?  How-?  Huh?” Rick was completely awake, but had lost his ability to string two words together.
“Amazing, Orion,” King Frederic whispered.  “Truly amazing!  So you’re not paralyzed anymore?”
“Actually,” he said, prying his reluctant mother off of him, “I am still paralyzed.” King Frederic gave him a questioning look, but didn’t say anything, so Orion continued, “You see, it was Tanya’s idea originally.”  Now it was Tanya’s turn to show her confusion.  “That’s right.  She suggested that I levitate myself all the time instead of relying on the chair,” He looked down, “but I was so lost in depression that I didn’t want to hear it.”  He looked back up at them.  “Lucky for me, Josh did want to hear it.  He figured that if I practice levitation every night, I’d get better at it.  Maybe good enough not to need the chair anymore.”  He beamed at Joshua, who smiled back with an ‘I-told-you-so’ look.  
“So,” Orion continued, “I practiced levitating myself every day, and levitating my legs separately,” He demonstrated by swinging each in turn, “until I got to the point where it looks like I can walk again!”  He took a step towards them, and then another step.  “See?”  He began to pace in front of them.  “Of course,” he stopped, “It’ll take a lot more work to be able to fight and become a warrior again,” he looked at his father.
“Uh, I’m not sure if I want you to be a warrior again, Orion,” King Frederic said, uncertainly.  “Your first battle nearly killed you.”
“Don’t worry about that,” Orion said calmly, “You don’t have to make me a warrior.”  King Frederic opened his mouth, but no words came out.  “I figure that by the time I’m ready to be a warrior again, I’ll be king.  And,” Orion paused, a smile spreading across his face, “I will be in charge of who gets to be a warrior and who doesn’t.  Which reminds me,” he said to no one, “As king, I can’t have two separate armies who are used to fighting one another.  I’ll have to begin a training class for my own warriors, and figure out how to get the telblecs and lunimorves to work together instead of against each other.”  He lost himself in thoughts about the future.
“So, shall we start calling you Irdisae?” Tanya’s mother asked, playfully.  Lee rolled his eyes.  Tanya giggled.
“Hm?” Orion asked, abandoning his thoughts.
“‘Irdisae’ is what the king of the jisbae was called.  It traces all the way back in a legend about the very first jisbae,” she replied, surprised that Orion didn’t already know that.
“What are you talking about?” King Frederic asked.
“The legend goes that a great war raged over this planet a long time ago,” she paused, “and I’m not talking about the telblec-lunimorf war, either.  This war was between the creatures of legend long before telblecs or lunimorves existed, even before the jisbae existed.”
“Creatures of legend? You mean like dragons and such?” Orion asked, fingering his ring.
“Yes,” she proceeded to list the creatures, “it was mostly between the dragons, who were few in number, but large and powerful, and the zupzies, who were many, smaller and swifter.  Unicorns, too, fought their share of the battles.  Anyway, a great war raged between these creatures for many years.  Each species was nearly wiped out.  Finally, an unknown creature of immense power rose up and brought peace to all the creatures.  His name was Irdisae.  Some say that he was the very first jisbae, while others believe that the jisbae existed as an inferior race, hiding from their powerful neighbors until then,” she paused, allowing everyone to turn what she had said over in their minds.  “He came up with a solution that involved moving the remaining zupzies to Lunspae.  After that, he sectioned off the dragons’ territory from the unicorns’, and peace followed.  To honor him, those three species came together and made a symbol of authority for him.  It was a golden ring in the shape of a feather from a unicorn horn and zupzie feather, studded with an emerald gemstone from a dragon’s scale, with an unknown shape inside the emerald.  It has an inscription written on the inside, something about how Irdisae brought peace to the planet.”
“That name sounds familiar,” King Frederic remarked, trying to remember where he had heard it before.
“So what happened to him?” Joshua asked.
“No one knows,” Tanya’s mother admitted.  “He just disappeared one day.  Some say that he will appear again to rule Olhoe and Lunspae.  Others say that he died without an heir, and that’s why the war between the telblecs and lunimorves began.  Still others say that Irdisae will be back to choose an heir to bring an end to the fighting, just like Irdisae did back then.”
“Orion figures that Irdisae left a legacy somewhere on the planet, and the one who finds it will be his heir,” Tanya spoke up, “Do you think it might be the ring?”
“It’s possible,” Tanya’s mother said, “but I think Irdisae himself will show up someday.”
“How will he show up if he died a long time ago?” Empress Anita asked.
“Time travel, duh!” Lee said grumpily as he crossed his arms.  “Everyone knows that Irdisae could travel through time.  He could do anything.”
“Sounds like someone’s a teensy bit jealous,” Tanya looked sideways at Lee, “Am I right?”  Lee just stood there, fuming.
“And why do you want to call my son by this legendary name?” Empress Anita asked, ignoring Lee’s bad mood.  Alex, on the other hand, was preparing to fight Lee if necessary.
“It was a joke,” Tanya’s mother replied.  “See, both the telblecs and the lunimorves descended from similar jisbae ancestry.”  Orion remembered Kelia’s story of how the jisbae’s war created the telblecs and lunimorves.  “So if the two kingdoms are joined under one king, that king would be the king of the jisbae, or the Irdisae.  And the fact that Orion’s ascension to both of the thrones in a year, ending the war, only adds to he idea of him being the same as Irdisae.”
“But he’d need a ring to be the Irdisae,” Lee commented nastily.  “You can’t be the Irdisae without a ring, Prince Orion.  Sorry.”
“I already have one,” Orion said, missing the joke and holding his ring up to Lee’s face, “See?  Father gave this to me a long time ago.”
“Yea, right, great,” Lee said, pushing Orion’s hand away.  “Ow!  Why’d you do that?” Lee gripped his wrist and glared at Orion.
“Do what?” Orion asked, bewildered, “I didn’t do anything.”
“Yes, you did.  You electrified me when I touched your hand.  I felt it!” Lee stepped closer to Orion.
“I did not, Lee!  You probably just touched my ring when you swatted my hand away,” Orion crossed his arms.
“What are you two talking about?” Rick asked, looking from one to the other, slightly amused by their childish behavior.  Lee just scowled at Orion.
“Listen, Lee,” Orion calmed down and tried to explain, “I don’t know why, but anytime someone else touches my ring, they get a small electric shock.  It happened to all of my friends during training.  I’ve had to take my ring off during sparring practice because of that.”
“So why doesn’t it hurt you to wear it?” Lee argued back, “Did you put some kind of spell on it or something?”
“No,” King Frederic answered, “The ring is magic of some sort.  Even I can’t touch it.  I found it in the bowels of the palace many years ago, in a secret room that almost nobody knows about.  I gave it to Orion on his fifth birthday, when I found out that he could touch it without getting electrified.”
“Do you think that this ring could be Irdisae’s legacy?” Joshua asked, staring at Orion’s ring.
“Oh, give me a break,” Lee threw up his hands, “Irdisae will come back and pick his own heir.”
“But how will he come back if he’s dead?” Empress Anita asked.  Lee was about to explain that Irdisae wasn’t dead, just time traveling, but he didn’t get the chance as Empress Anita continued, “Besides, it seems that this ring has picked Orion, since Orion is the only one who can touch it.  And we had already decided that Orion will be king of both Olhoe and Lunspae.”
“Oh, I give up,” Lee said, shaking his head and leaning against a wall, “You guys believe what you want.  I don’t care if Orion is king of both or not.  It doesn’t matter to me.  I’m waiting for the real  Irdisae’s return.”
“Oh, stop it, Lee.  They’re only playing.  I’m not the Irdisae.  I don’t even know if I believe that legend or not.  Anyways,” Orion changed the subject, “I was going to tell the rest of the kingdom tomorrow at dinner.”
“Tell them what?” Rick glanced at Orion.
“Uh, that I can walk again?” Orion said sarcastically.  “Did you forget?”
“Oh, right,” Rick blushed, “I guess with all the talk about you being the Irdisae, I kinda forgot you were standing.”
“Hello!  I’m right beside you, Ricky,” Orion said, exasperated, “I’ve been stuck in a chair for almost a year, and now I’m standing beside you!  How could you forget?”
“Sorry,” Rick muttered.  He yawned, “I’m tired.  I think I’ll turn in.  ‘Night, everybody.”
“Good idea,” King Frederic said, glancing at the clock, “It’s almost midnight.  I think we all should go to bed.”  With that, he and Empress Anita bid Orion good night and left.  Tanya’s parents did the same.  Lee gave Orion a final scowl before he left.
“I’ll see you in the morning, bro,” Joshua said as he left.  Alex nodded and left.  Orion knew Alex was going to scout around Orion’s rooms.  Tanya remained with Orion.  For a while, neither of them spoke.  They just stood there, staring at each other.
“Well,” Orion said, uncomfortably, “uh, good night, Tanya.”
“Orion,” Tanya said shyly, “I was wondering if I could, you know, stay here.”
“Huh?” he asked, “Why?  I’m going to bed.”
“Yea, that’s my point.  I was hoping that I could stay with you.” She paused, “Overnight.”
“Oh,” Orion, finally understanding, “um, well,” he had been wanting to spend the night with Tanya for a long time, but now that she wanted to spend the night with him, he was nervous.  “Uh, I-I guess so.”
“If you’d rather be alone-,” Tanya began.
“No!” Orion took her hand, “I’d love to spend the night with you, Tanya.”  He pulled her close and kissed her quickly, blushing.  He was about to pull away when she wrapped her arms around him in a warm embrace, and pressed her mouth against his.  He closed his eyes and returned the kiss, enveloping her in his warmth.  Looking into her eyes, he didn’t see her as another person, but as another part of himself.  So, he thought to himself, this is what love is.


Chapter 51

Orion remained in the wheel chair during his birthday celebration the next day, preparing to impress everyone during dinner by standing and giving a speech.  The entire time, Tanya stayed by Orion’s side.  The day lasted extra long as Orion grew impatient to get out of the chair and stand up.  Finally, everybody was seated at the tables for Orion and Joshua’s birthday dinner.  Orion tapped his glass loudly with a spoon, and the guests all fell silent.  The silence was broken with excited whispers as Orion stood up.
“He’s standing!”
“The prince is on his feet!”
“But I thought he was paralyzed?”
“How is this possible?”
Orion held up his hands for silence, but it took a while.  Finally, everyone settled down, although low whispers could still be heard.
“My people,” Orion began, surveying the staring crowd, “While it’s true that I was completely immobilized from the waist down almost a year ago, it is also true that I’m standing before you.  That’s right,” he smiled, “I am not an illusion.
“I’m sure you’re wondering how I did it,” he paused, looking down, “Hard work.”  He looked up and spoke louder, “Hard work, and perseverance, even though there were times when I wanted to give up.  When I first found out that I’d never walk again, I believed it.  I had given up hope.  Thankfully, my brother,” he gestured to Joshua, “Prince Joshua, didn’t.  With his help, I overcame what was thought to be impossible.  And I’m telling you, if you’re ever faced with a difficulty that seems too big, look again.”  The aroma of roast pork, and grilled steak filled the room.  “Smells like it’s time to eat!” He exclaimed as he sat down.  The wheel chair had been replaced with a normal chair.  
The feast lasted long into the night, with the last guests leaving just before midnight.  Exhausted, Orion made his way up to his room and fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.  He didn’t even notice when Star jumped onto the bed and started wrestling with his long braid.  He was already asleep.
The next day, he began his training again.  Orion’s friends were there to help him.  He had to relearn everything now that he couldn’t use his legs the normal way, but his determination to become a warrior again pushed him to his limits and beyond.  Nearly everyday, Orion would play tawttuwy ball with his friends.  He wasn’t nearly as fast as he used to be since he was still getting used to using levitation to move around, but he got better each time he played.  Tanya would often sit on the sidelines and watch, not interested in joining in.  Orion showed lots of progress in his training as the days passed.  At first, Orion was weak enough to train with all of his friends, but he soon became too strong for anyone but Alex, the way it was before Orion had broken his back.  He and Tanya would go flying often, and Orion would point out the cities to her.  Alex, as Orion’s bodyguard, always accompanied them.  After only a couple more months, no one could tell that Orion had ever had ripped his spinal cord in battle.
Orion concentrated on beginning a training class for his warriors, who would protect his new kingdom.  Orion figured that, as soon as he became king, there would no longer be a telblec kingdom or a lunimorf empire.  He would join them both as the jisbae kingdom.  He also rationalized that, since both the telblecs and lunimorves descended from the same jisbae ancestry, they both should be able to ninmisn and fysimae with the proper instruction.  Orion wasn’t going to name anyone a warrior who couldn’t do both.  That meant that all of his father’s telblec warriors and all of his mother’s lunimorf warriors would lose their warrior status unless they passed Orion’s training class.  
Orion hadn’t expected all of his parents’ warriors to understand or comply with his wishes, but more agreed than Orion had anticipated.  Guards, too, wanted to be a part of Orion’s training class, to try to become warriors.  Orion opened the doors to the class to anyone who wanted to join.  The class was in the morning, so that it wouldn’t interfere with Orion’s personal training schedule.  He and Alex lead the class, teaching them all about what it means to be a warrior, and fitting them with weighted steel gauntlets, just like the ones Orion and Alex wore.  Joshua joined some lunimorf teachers and taught the telblecs fysimae, and a few telblec teachers taught the lunimorves ninmisn.  Orion planned on changing the schools, adding ninmisn to the lunimorf curriculum, and adding fysimae to the telblec curriculum, so that he wouldn’t have to worry about that during the training class in the future.
Orion wandered down into the courtyard one early autumn afternoon, with Alex right beside him.  He breathed the crisp, cool air deeply as he strolled through the garden.  The sun was shining brightly on the colorful flowers, and reflecting a small rainbow off of the water splashing down the fountain.  This is what it means to be alive, he thought, allowing his senses to soak up everything around him.  He spied Tanya and Lee around a bend.  Tanya was bent over picking a bouquet of red and yellow tulips.  There was an ugly stream of yellowish smoke coming from Lee’s hand. 
“I don’t know what in the world you would want with that nasty thing,” Tanya said to Lee, not looking at him.
“Come on, Tanya,” Lee said, exasperated, “It’s fun.  It gives me a real rush.  You aughta try it.”  He offered her a stick of rolled up leaves that was emitting smoke from one end.
“Get that stinky thing away from me!”  Tanya yelled, pushing Lee’s hand back and stepping away from him.
“What’s going on?” Orion asked, trotting up to them.  A horrible smell wafted towards Orion, causing him to scrunch his face and hold his nose.  “What is that awful smell?”
“It’s Lee’s new habit,” Tanya said disapprovingly.  “He’s taken up smoking some nasty leaves filled with this icky brown stuff.”  Tanya frowned.
“So what’s wrong with having a smoke now and then?”  Lee sucked on the leaves.  “It makes my head tingle.”
“That’s because it’s killing your brain cells, stupid,” Orion commented, backing up and trying to fan the smell away with his free hand. 
 “Those leaves are from a majaka plant, and the brown stuff is crushed up majaka roots.”  Alex said, glancing at Lee, who just stared back blankly.  
“It’s poisonous, you idiot!” Orion exclaimed, throwing his hands into the air, “It’ll kill you if you keep smoking it!”
“Eh,” Lee shrugged, sucking on the leaves again.  “It feels good now,” he said, blowing yellowish smoke out of his mouth as he spoke.
Orion made a nasty face as he turned away from the foul smoke.  “You know, that’s the same stuff that was put into the beestripe tea that time Tanya and I got real sick, don’t you?”  Lee shrugged again.  Orion sighed, “Tanya, would you like to take a ride with me?” he asked.
“Sure.  Anything’s better than breathing in that smoke.”  She turned to go.  “By the way, these are for you,” she said, handing Orion the flowers.
“Thanks.” Orion smiled at her, losing himself in her eyes.  Pink eyes, he thought, it’s so amazing that anyone could have pink eyes.  They made their way up to Orion’s room where he set the flowers in a vase and gave them water.  He then took Tanya down to the stables.  “Uh, Alex?”
“Yea?”
“Don’t you have something better to do than follow us?”  Orion looked hopefully at his bodyguard.
“What could be more important that protecting my prince?” Alex crossed his armed and frowned.
“Here you are, Majesty,” a stable hand walked over with Orion’s stallion, Steel, and a mare named Buttercup.  “I’ve packed the saddlebags as you requested.”
“Good.”  Orion mounted his large horse.  It had been easier to learn how to ride again than he thought, and was riding well in only a few weeks.  “You do know how to ride, don’t you?” he turned to Tanya.
“Oh, I’m not sure,” she said sarcastically, already mounted and ready to go.  “I’ve had lessons,” she said to Orion’s blank stare as she and Buttercup trotted off down a path.  
“Please, Alex?” Orion begged as he watched Tanya trot off, “Just this once?”
“Fine,” Alex said, still frowning, “but don’t you go getting attacked or it’ll be my neck,” he crossed his throat with a finger,” and then I’ll come back from the dead to kill you.”  Orion chuckled as he steered his horse toward the trail.  
“Don’t worry Alex!” Orion called over his shoulder as he galloped Steel to catch up.  Not tonight, he thought, Tonight’s going to be perfect.  Orion laughed as he passed Tanya.  She galloped with Buttercup, each horse going faster, until they were running at top speed through the forest path.  Rounding a corner, they came to a stop in a clearing near the edge of a cliff.
The clearing was beautiful, but the view off of the cliff’s edge was breathtaking.  Looking down, they saw a river cutting a path through the trees, and reflecting the sun.  Clouds played in the bright, blue sky as their shadows traveled over the forest below.  Orion dismounted and tied Steel to a tree.  He fiddled with the saddlebags as Tanya followed suit and dismounted.  Orion pulled out a bright red tablecloth from one of the bags and spread it out on the ground.  He then proceeded to pull containers from the bags and set them gently on the tablecloth.
“What’s going on, Orion?” Tanya asked, watching Orion.
“I thought it might be nice to have a picnic,” he replied, not stopping.  “I’ve got a roasted chicken in here,” he carried a covered pot to the tablecloth, “along with mashed potatoes, creamed corn, applesauce, and vanilla pudding.  Have a seat,” he gestured to the ground beside him as he sat down.  They watched the sun set as they ate, basking in it’s warmth.
“It’s so beautiful here.  How did you find this place?” she asked, taking a bite of chicken.
“When I was little, I rode horses all the time.  I eventually found an overgrown trail and followed it.  That trail brought me here, but I couldn’t find my way back home.  It was really late by the time I returned.  After I got back, I had some people take care of the trail so that I could come back here without getting lost,” he scooped some corn into his mouth, dribbling it down his chin.  Orion blushed as he wiped his mouth.  Tanya giggled.  They ate the rest of their meal in silence.
Slowly, the moon rose to shine down on the valley below.  One by one, the stars began twinkling in the darkening sky.  Orion watched as Buttercup neighed softly when Steel nudged her.  Tanya sighed and scooted closer to Orion.  He held his breath as Tanya laid her head on his shoulder.
“Well,” Orion said loudly when he couldn’t hold his breath any longer, “I’d better start cleaning up!”  He began piling the dishes on top of each other.  The glass clinked noisily as Orion hefted it back into the saddlebags.
“What’s wrong, Orion?” Tanya asked, getting up, “You’re acting really weird.”
“Huh?” Orion turned to face her, lost his concentration on levitating, and stained the knees of his pants on the grass as he fell.  “I- well, um,” Orion stuttered, blushing as he got up.  He took a deep breath and pulled a small box out of his pocket.  It’s now or never, he thought as he walked over to Tanya, looking down.  “Uh, Tanya?”  He asked, hiding the small box in his right hand on his hip as he nervously squeezed the base of his braid with his left.
“Yes, Orion?” 
“I, uh,” he paused, searching for the right words.  “I, I was kinda, sorta wondering,” his voice trailed off.
“Yes, Orion?” Tanya was getting curious.  She couldn’t remember a time when Orion seemed so nervous.
“Well, I was wondering, um, if you, uh,” he looked into her eyes, her ravishing pink eyes.  He took a deep breath and got down on one knee, presenting the little box to her.  “Will you marry me?” he asked, opening the box and revealing a sparkling diamond ring.  He was sweating, although it had gotten chilly, panting, and shaking uncontrollably.
“Oh!” Tanya gasped, covering her mouth with her hands as she stared at the ring.  Tears welled up in her eyes as she realized what was happening.  “Yes,” she heard herself say, “Oh, Orion, I will!”  She sobbed as Orion got up and put the ring on her finger.  He was still sweating from nervousness, but grinning from ear to ear.  She stared at the ring, and gazed into Orion’s good eye.  For as strong as he thought he was, a tear was threatening to fall.  Overwhelmed by the rush of emotion, she fell into Orion’s chest, throwing her arms around his neck and crying into his shirt.  They stood there, each wrapped in the other’s embrace until the neighing of the horses brought them back to reality.
Darkness had settled in the clearing as the last rays of the sun said their goodbyes.  Orion and Tanya walked the horses back to the stables, with the moon shining down and showing them the way.  After taking care of the horses, Tanya insisted they tell her parents.  Her mother cried almost as much as Tanya, and her father clapped Orion on the shoulder, beaming at both of them.  They spent the rest of the evening with Tanya’s parents, finally saying goodnight and falling asleep together in Orion’s bedroom.


Chapter 52

A few days later, Orion trotted through the palace after his studies, his spirits high.  Alex stayed with him, but a few steps back.  He was worried that Orion would start talking non-stop about Tanya again, the way he did when he first seen her.  The news of his engagement had traveled fast.  Orion had told his parents, Joshua, and Alex the next morning, but Rick had already gone for his private studies.  Orion’s friends found out later that day, during their training session.  By the end of the day, Orion and Tanya’s engagement had spread throughout the palace.  The entire telblec kingdom knew by the end of the next day, and everyone on Lunspae knew by the third day.  Tired of receiving ‘congratulations’ from everyone he met, Orion  was looking forward to spending the evening with Tanya.  He had a surprise in store for her.  Angry shouts could be heard coming from Tanya’s room as he approached.  Orion eased the door open without knocking.  
“How could you go off and do that, Tanya?” Lee cried.
“It’s my choice, Lee,” Tanya replied angrily, “It’s what I want!  Why can’t you be happy for me like everyone else?”
“You promised, Tanya, you promised you’d be mine!”
“I promised nothing, Lee, my parents did!” 
“You belong to me!” Lee sounded menacing, “You’re my bride, not his!”
“I don’t belong to anyone, Lee!”  Tanya began crying, “And if you had taken some time to spend with me instead of prim and prissy what’s-her-name, maybe things would be different!”
“I did spent time with you!” Lee was taken aback, “What about all those years on the ship?”
“You ignored me ever since we came to Olhoe a year and a half ago!  You never did anything with me!  All you ever wanted to do was flirt with the other girls here!  What about all those times you said you were ill and wanted to be alone, then went strolling through the halls with three girls hanging all over you?” Tanya turned her back on Lee and crossed her arms, “You don’t care about me at all anymore.”
“Yes I do, Tanya,” Lee pleaded, “You’re the most beautiful girl in the universe!  How could I not love you?”
“That’s what I’d like to know,” Orion, having heard enough, stepped inside and interrupted them.  Alex followed, crossing his arms and frowning.  Lee gaped at them, startled by their sudden appearance.
“Orion!” Tanya ran to his arms and cried into his shoulder, “I’m so glad you’re here.”
“Yea,” Lee said, his anger rising, “And do you remember the times when you couldn’t stand to be in the same room as that halfling?”  It was Orion’s turn to be indignant.
“What do you mean, ‘that halfling,’ Lee?” Orion said, trying to control his temper.  “I am your prince and I’ll soon be your king, whether you like it or not.”
“You’re still the despicable halfling that stole my future bride from me!” Lee yelled as he lunged at Orion.  Orion, prepared for an attack, stepped in front of Tanya and braced himself.  Remembering the outcome of their previous scuffle over the life of the largreto, Lee stopped in mid-dash.  He straightened up, scowling.
“You’re lucky I’m not in the mood for a fight, halfling,” Lee said, pulling out a small tin and a pack of matches from his pocket, “or I’d clean your clock.” Lee pulled out a roll of majaka leaves from the tin and stuck an end in his mouth.  He proceeded to light the other end.
“Yea, right, Lee,” Orion glared at Lee, “you just don’t want to end up in the hospital wing like you did last time.”  
“Let’s go, Orion,” Tanya pulled him out the doors before Lee had a chance to reply, “I don’t wanna have to smell that awful smoke.”  Alex followed silently.
“So what’s up between you and Lee?” Orion asked a few minutes later as they were walking down the hall, “I’ve never heard you two shouting at each other like that before.”
“Oh, it’s nothing,” Tanya said, looking dejected, “It’s just that he doesn’t like the idea that I’m going to marry you instead of him now.”  Orion grinned.
“Oh, hey!” Orion stopped, “I almost forgot!”
“Forgot what, Orion?” Tanya faced him, worried that they would have to go back to see Lee again.
“I have a surprise for you, Tanya,” Orion looked into her eyes.
“For me?” she asked with an innocent, girlish demeanor.
“Yea, back at my rooms.  Come on,” Orion walked more quickly.  Tanya followed.
“Uh, Alex?  Could you wait out here?” Orion turned to his bodyguard once they were in Orion’s main room.
“Fine,” Alex replied, plopping down on Orion’s couch, “but no leaving without me, got it?”  Star came running over to Orion.  He picked her up and handed her to Alex.
“Sure thing,” Orion took Tanya’s hand as he led her into his den and stopped in front of the door that led to his green room.
“What is it, Orion?” Tanya asked, unable to contain her excitement.  She stared at the ivory door, which glowed blue due to Orion’s sheild.
“I’ve never shown this to anyone before, Tanya,” Orion admitted as he adjusted the shield so that Tanya could pass through.  “It’s my private room where I keep all of my secrets.  Not even my parents or my brothers have been inside this room, so you have to promise me that what you’re about to see will remain a secret.”
“Um, okay,” Tanya said, anxiously.
“Promise me, Tanya,” Orion took her hands and gazed into her eyes.
“I promise Orion,” she said serenely, wondering what was such a big deal that he couldn’t let anyone know, “I’ll keep your secret.”  That seemed to satisfy Orion as he took Tanya’s hand and opened the door.  He felt the familiar tingling as he stepped through the shield. 
At first, Tanya thought that the two of them had just stepped outside into the palace courtyard.  She stood on a cobblestone walkway, the stones set into a bed of mulch, with large, fat trees all around, reaching towards a high, glass roof.  Vines hung here and there, with brightly colored flowers showing off everywhere.  Sunlight filtered in through the glass ceiling, casting bright patches on the tree trunks, flowers, and stones.  She heard water trickling somewhere, but couldn’t see where it came from.
“Where are we?” she breathed, looking around.  
“This is my green room,” Orion said sheepishly, “Do you like it?”
“It’s beautiful, Orion,” Tanya said, still trying to take it all in.  “How did you get all this in here?”
“Actually, most of it’s an illusion,” he admitted, looking down.  “The trees aren’t real, and neither is the grass, but the vines, bushes, and stones we’re standing on are.  Here,” he said, crouching down and lifting up an oddly solid tuft of grass with a small bush on top, “I’ve disguised this pot to look like grass.  There are a lot of them in here.”  Tanya looked harder, but she still couldn’t discern the real plants between the fake ones.  Orion set the pot back in it’s place.
“Why don’t you want anyone to know about this place?” she asked, looking all around her.
“It’s because of my father,” Orion looked down.  Tanya turned to face him, confused.  Orion continued, “Father never liked flowers.  He seemed to hate every kind of plant that produced flowers of any color or size.  I loved them, though.”  He looked into Tanya’s pink eyes.  “I started to go down into the garden and pick out my favorite flowering bushes, which the gardeners would then bring up to my rooms for me.  This was just an extra room back then,” he sighed and let his gaze drop to the floor again.  “One day, Father came into my rooms and saw all the flowers.  He was so angry, he destroyed every single plant in my rooms.  
“That’s awful!” Tanya exclaimed.
“That’s not the worst of it.  Father was waiting for me in my rooms after my studies.  He-, he punished me for having plants in my rooms,” Orion shivered at the memory.  He remembered how his father had shouted and beat him, and forced Orion to clean up the mess by himself.  It had taken hours just to pick up all of the broken pots.  Orion had cut himself several times on the sharp pieces, but his father didn’t care.  He waited until Orion had done as much as he could before leaving and sending servants to clean up the rest of the mess.  Orion had cried for weeks.  He hadn’t understood why his father did what he did back then, but he knew now.  It was because of Orion’s mother.  The flowers reminded his father of his mother.
“One of the servants spoke to my father on my behalf, begging him to let me have some plants in my rooms.  Father gave in and allowed me to have three plants and no more.  I still  wanted more, but was afraid to, so I began this secret room.  The room already had a glass roof and a wooden floor.  I began swiping bushes from the gardeners’ carts and bringing them up here,” he pointed to the pots that covered the floor.  “I also snuck mulch and cobblestones up here, too, and made this path.  I worked really hard on this room.  I even put a lock on the door so that no one would be able to come in and see what I did, although I guess I did go a bit overboard,” he looked around, “Don’t you see, Tanya?” he leveled his eyes to hers, “I had to keep this room a secret or Father would get mad again.”
“Oh,” Tanya didn’t know what to say.
“This way, Tanya,” he took her hands, leading her around a bend, “this is what I really wanted to show you.”  He stopped in front of a delicate plant stand with an intricate design carved into the mahogany sides that stood in full glory in the sunlight.  On top of the stand was a small, magnificent bush with the most beautiful flowers Tanya had ever seen.  She stared, transfixed at the petals, bright red that faded to deep purple at the center, with bright yellow tips that gathered and flowed down the middle of the petal, fading away before reaching the center of the flower, where the bright yellow carpel sprang out.  
“Where in the world did you get such a gorgeous plant?” Tanya asked, not taking her eyes off the large blooms.
“This is the plant I tried to give you two years ago,” Orion looked down, “but you didn’t want it, remember?”
“Oh,” Tanya said as the memory of how she yelled and threw a small potted plant at Orion came back to her.  She tore her eyes off the flowers and looked into Orion’s good eye.  “I’m so sorry, Orion.  How’s your arm?”
“All healed up that day,” he rolled his sleeve up and showed her several small, faint scars that he had gotten when the glass pot shattered against his wrist.  “Anyway, I managed to save it.  I wanted to give it to you again, if you want it.”
“I do want it, but,” she said, looking back at it basking in the waning sunlight, “it looks so nice there, I think I’ll leave it here.  Is that alright?” 
“Sure thing, Tanya,” Orion smiled.  He kissed her lightly on the cheek and led her back to his den.


Chapter 53

“I asked you here because we have a serious problem on our hands,” Boss said, standing up and leaning across the small table in the dimly lit room at his followers.  They all exchanged nervous glances.  The poisoned tea that the boss had given to Prince Orion didn’t kill him, it only made him sick for a while.  So far, all of their efforts to kill the prince had failed, and now they only had a few months to get rid of him before he became king.  “Prince Orion has already begun training his own warriors, and I can tell you, they’re not going to be pushovers.”
“What do you mean, Boss?” Bryan asked.
“I’ve trained with Prince Orion,” Boss said, “I know how he pushes himself to his limits and beyond.  He’s doing the same thing to his warriors.  We are seriously running out of time.”
“I don’t think you tried hard enough, Boss,” Mac said accusingly.
“What was that?” Boss struggled to keep his voice steady.  Mac stood up.
“I think you’ve spent so much time around Prince Orion that you’ve got a soft spot for him.  After all,” Mac continued before anyone could raise any objection, “you snuck into Prince Orion’s bedroom at night.  You could have pierced his heart before taking off.” Boss stared at him.  “Or how about that time you threw him over his balcony?  Why did you just break his wing?  Why didn’t you slit his throat before tossing him over?  How about those ‘deadly’ majaka leaves?  You should have shoved them down his throat!  And what about all that time you’re with him and you don’t make a move at all?”  Mac breathed deeply.  All eyes were on Boss.
“First of all,” Boss said, his voice rising, “I don’t want to get caught!  If I’m caught, I’ll have to hide forever.  If I want to rule the world someday, then nobody can know that I’m the one who killed their prince!  I didn’t have time to attack Prince Orion with that animal calling for his bodyguard.  I wanted it to look like an accident when I threw him over the balcony.  He’s never been too good at levitation.  How was I to know he was practicing levitation with Prince Joshua every evening?  As for the leaves, if it was just the two of us, I might have been able to shove the leaves down his throat, but I had to consider the girl.  If she saw me do that, I’d never see the light of day again!”  Boss took a deep breath, “Think, you idiots!  Why do we hold our meetings here in this dump instead of in a public restaurant?  Or maybe we can plan Prince Orion’s assassination in the palace right under his nose!”  Boss angrily flopped back in his chair.
“Have you tried fire, Boss?” Mac asked, changing the subject, “I got him good with a flaming spear when he was little.”
“But you didn’t kill him, did you, Mac?” Boss glared accusingly at his follower.
“I thought I did,” Mac looked down at his hands, “How was I supposed to know a six-year-old could survive something like that?” He looked up, “Besides, that little incident gave him pyrophobia, didn’t it?”
“Yes,” Boss sighed, rubbing his head, “but Prince Orion overcame his pyrophobia three years ago, thanks to Prince Joshua.”
“I’m sure your brother meant well,” Natalie touched the boss’s arm affectionately “After all,  he-,” Boss grabbed Natalie by the throat and pushed his face into hers.
“He is not my brother!” Boss screamed at her, “He’s the son of that filthy telblec king!  I am not telblec!”
“But you are jisbae, Boss,” Bryan stated.  Boss released his grip on Natalie and turned to face Bryan, a ferocious look in his eyes.  “Doesn’t that mean you have telblec blood in you somewhere?”
“I am a jisbae because my father was a jisbae,” Boss’s voice was shaking, “I have no telblec blood in me!  Do you understand?!”
“Y-yes, sir,” Bryan shrank away from Boss.  Taking a deep breath, Boss sat back down in his chair, drumming his fingers.
“Not only have we failed, but the telblec king is now highly suspicious of me, and won’t let me anywhere in the palace without an escort of guards flanking me.  I won’t have another chance to get alone with Prince Orion,” Boss sighed.  “Does anyone have any ideas?”
“I do, Boss,” Mac spoke up.  “How about we don’t attack Prince Orion?”  Before Boss could voice his anger, Mac continued, “We wait, see?  We wait until he’s at the alter, becoming this great king that everyone thinks he’s supposed to be, okay?  If we don’t attack for the rest of the year, the guards and warriors won’t be expecting anything.  There will be lots of people at the event, right?  It would be easy for one of us to show up and shoot him in the back of the head while he’s standing still, having a crown placed on him.”
“You may have something there, Mac,” Boss said, thinking.  “But since there will be so many people there, the one who shoots Prince Orion will get caught.  Are you volunteering, Mac?”
“Huh?  Me?  No!” Mac stuttered, taken aback.
“ Don’t worry, Mac,” Boss said calmly, “You’re a poor shot anyway.  We want to use someone both dependable and disposable.  Until then, we wait and watch.”


Chapter 54

Sunlight dazzled her eyes as Tanya walked through the doors and out into the courtyard.  She hadn’t seen Orion all day.  The cool, autumn breeze ruffled the leaves overhead and made her wrap her  maroon cloak tightly around her arms.  She had worn a new, ice blue dress to impress Orion.  She now regretted wearing something with thin straps and a knee-length skirt.  The breeze tickled her bare legs as she walked quickly through the courtyard, looking for her fiancé.  Spotting Alex leaning against a large oak tree, she approached him.  She knew that Alex wouldn’t let Orion out of his sight for long.
“Excuse me,” she said, shivering, “Do you know where Orion is?”  Alex chuckled and pointed up at the branches above their heads.  Tanya looked up, but didn’t see anything.
“He’s up there,” Alex said, reading her confused expression.  “He’s been up there for almost an hour.  I guess he missed climbing trees, too.”  Tanya knew Alex was talking about the year Orion had spent in a wheel chair.
“Orion?” she called to the branches.  Almost immediately, the upper branches began shaking, dropping most of their golden leaves, as a dark shape descended through the tree.  Jumping the last few branches, Orion landed easily between Tanya and Alex, brushing off a few stray leaves from his black outfit.  Since learning about his lunimorf heritage, he no longer cared that his skin was much lighter than everyone else’s, and had stopped trying to make himself look darker.  “There you are,” she said softly, picking a leaf from Orion’s shoulder.  “I’ve been looking all over for you.”
“Why?  I was just right here,” Orion joked.  “Come on, let’s go for a walk.”  They wandered through the courtyard, hand in hand, with Alex keeping his distance.  Tanya, shivering, snuggled into Orion’s side.  He put his arm around her.  She couldn’t understand how he could be warm enough in such cold weather, but then again, he was wearing long sleeves, pants, and boots, whereas her arms and legs were exposed, and her small shoes didn’t provide any warmth.
“I was thinking,” Tanya began, “about what my mother said that night.  You know, about you being Irdisae?” she looked up at Orion.
“Really?” Orion sighed, “I’m sorry, Tanya, but I just don’t believe it.  I mean I can understand that with your culture, you would have legends and all, but I just can’t believe that I would be a part of that story.”
“But what about your ring?  Why did it hurt Lee when he touched it?”
“It’s just a magic ring, Tanya.  I could make the same thing.  It doesn’t mean that it’s Irdisae’s old ring,” Orion replied.
“But it looks just like the ring my mother described,” she insisted, “And nobody can read the writing on the inside.  You told me so.”
“It’s chicken scratch, Tanya, that’s all it is,” he stopped and looked at her.  “You believe it, don’t you?” he asked, realizing why she brought it up, “You really believe that I’m Irdisae reincarnate, don’t you?”  She nodded.  He sighed.  “Tanya, I don’t-,”
“It makes sense, Orion,” she interrupted, “Irdisae brought peace and ended a war.  So will you, when you become king.  Irdisae ruled both Olhoe and Lunspae.  So will you, when you become king.  Irdisae was given a ring, as a symbol of his authority.  So were you.”
“Alright, Tanya,” he shook his head, “Alright.  If it will make you happy, I’ll be Irdisae for you.  But,” he held her chin and gazed into her eyes, “I don’t want you to start calling me Irdisae, okay?  I like my name just fine.”  He smiled at her and kissed her.
“So does this mean that I can start spreading the news?” Alex asked, walking up to them.  Orion peered at him and rolled his eyes.  Taking Tanya’s hand, Orion started walking again.  “What?  Was it something I said?” Alex asked as he followed the young couple.
“Never mind, Alex,” Orion said, “How about we go into the city for the harvest festival?  I think it started yesterday.”
“Actually, that’s what I came looking for you for,” Tanya admitted, gazing excitedly into Orion’s good eye, “I saw the commotion from my parents’ window, and someone told me that it was the harvest festival.  I missed it last year, so I wanted to go this year.”
“Sure thing, Tanya,” Orion smiled at his fiancé.

*****

Orion led Tanya through the crowds and to the tables full of crafted gourds.  Alex followed closely, not wanting to lose the prince in the crowd.  Orion and Tanya glanced at each of the projects, and voted for a gourd that had been made to look like a snake.  The gourd itself had grown long, thin, and twisting.  The head of the snake was the only bulge in the gourd anywhere, and the stem had been fashioned into a tongue.  The only paint on the whole thing was for the eyes.  After voting, Orion took Tanya to the place where the largest pumpkin sat, in all it’s glory, on the platform with the second and third place winners on either side.
“Wow,” Tanya breathed, gazing up at the winner, “I’ve never seen such a huge pumpkin before.”
“Actually, this one’s only one thousand, six hundred pounds,” Orion said, reading a plaque, “Last year’s winning pumpkin was over two thousand pounds.”
“Really?” She turned to face him.  “What else is there to see?”  Orion took her to the stands of pies and cakes.  The aroma enticed Orion, and he, Tanya, and Alex were each given a piece of pie.  As they ate, he showed her the farmers who were showing off their prized tomatoes, corn, peas, potatoes, peppers, and every other fruit and vegetable that grew on the planet.  Orion explained that Mineral City, to the south, was mostly farmland.  That was where Olhoe’s supply of fruits and vegetables came from, while meat came from Peak City, to the north.  After that, Orion led her to an area full of collapsible, wooden walls, where hand made artwork hung for judging.  Not all the spaces were filled, but then again, judging wasn’t for a few days.
“Hey, Prince,” Alex said, not wanting to call Orion by his name in public, “The archery contest starts soon.  I’d like to enter again.  How about you?”
“I’m not that good with a bow and arrow,” Orion admitted, “I’d just embarrass myself.”
“We could watch you, Alex,” Tanya said.  Alex beamed.  He led them to a field that had been prepared with targets and collapsible benches for the archery contest.  Orion and Tanya were shown to  a makeshift royal box as the sun began sinking.  Alex did pretty well, but came in fourth.  He was given a yellow ribbon to pin on his shirt for competing.  Orion shook hands with the top three archers, congratulating them before leaving.  They headed back to the palace as the sun gave way to the moon and stars.


Chapter 55

Only a few days after the festival, a winter storm swept through Royal City.  Orion and Tanya had made themselves comfortable in Orion’s room, laying on the floor under a warm blanket and in front of a large fire.  Star, too was curled up with them, her sleek black wings fully grown in, but would spring up and bristle her fur every time the wind howled.  Orion stroked Star’s fur, trying to reassure her.  He still couldn’t believe how big she got.  She was now over three feet tall, and still not fully grown.  She settled down and curled up between Orion and Tanya.  A loud knock on the door made Star bristle, hiss, and run into Orion’s bedroom.
“Come in!” Orion called without getting up.
“Your Majesties, a servant bowed as he stepped through the doors, “Preparations for your wedding are underway.  You both need to be measured so that we can have your new clothes ready for the ceremony.”  He pulled a measuring tape out of his bag.
“Oh, of course,” Orion said as he got up.  Tanya followed suit.  The servant began by measuring Orion’s waist, shoulders, arm length, full height, half height, neck, and everywhere else, jotting the measurements down as he went.  Next, he turned towards Tanya, measuring her the same way, and recording her measurements as well.  It took hours and both Orion and Tanya were late for dinner by the time the servant was done and bowed himself out.
The storm lasted for several weeks, keeping everyone inside.  Orion often took walks through the palace with Tanya at his side and Alex a few strides behind.  Orion watched as the palace was transformed with the decorations for his wedding.  The great hall was hardly recognizable.  The large painting of Orion, his father, and Patricia had been taken down at Orion’s request, and moved into King Frederic’s rooms.  Another painting, just as large, adorned the wall.  This one showed both of Orion’s parents, himself, and both of his brothers.  
Orion had requested that fresh white roses be placed in the vases in the halls everyday, and after the wedding, other flowers would fill the vases.  He’d never let those vases sit empty the way his father did.  Orion was surprised when his father didn’t raise any objection to the new decor.  He had also been surprised to learn that his parents were spending a lot of time together.  He didn’t know if that was a good thing or not, but he didn’t have time to worry about his parents.  He had a lot of other things to worry about with the wedding coming up in only three more months.
Aside from his daily studies, personal training with Alex, and his training class for his warriors, his parents had decided to add new classes of their own to Orion’s already busy schedule.  King Frederic would take Orion around to all the hundreds of offices in the palace, explaining what each position did.  If that wasn’t bad enough, Orion’s mother would immediately tell Orion about the equivalent office on Lunspae.  Orion’s head was swimming by the end of each day.  He didn’t have much free time to spend with Tanya anymore, let alone his other friends.  His father assured him that, once he became king, he’d have even less free time, if any.


Chapter 56

Finally, after months of preparation, the big day arrived.  Orion hardly dared to believe that it was really happening.  Standing in front of a full length mirror, Orion checked every inch of his clothes for wrinkles.  Quite different from his usual loose silk pants, leather boots, and open-fronted shirt, he now wore a more traditional white suit with gold trim and lace sticking out of the cuffs and shirtfront.  Following tradition, the wedding took place on his twentieth birthday, and he would be crowned king as well.  Orion was so nervous,  he could hardly stand up.  Walking up to the alter was a blur for Orion.  The entire kingdom was packed into the great hall, which was the largest room in the palace, but it seemed small with the enormous crowd stuffed inside, telblec and lunimorf alike.  Orion was breathing fast, and his heart was beating so hard it threatened to burst from his chest.  
He didn’t calm down until he seen his beautiful bride walking down the isle with her father.  Her hair was all done up with a sparkling barrette, and her long, lacy wedding gown flowed behind her.  Her face was partially hidden by a long veil, but Orion could still see her lovely smile and twinkling pink eyes underneath.  Orion’s mind was racing as the preacher began speaking.  After they both said their ‘I do’s,’ and before they had a chance to seal their marriage with a kiss, King Frederic, who was standing next to the preacher, spoke up.
“Kneel, Prince Orion,” he said in his most regal voice.  Orion knelt, removing his top hat and bowing his head.  King Frederic lifted a golden crown studded with diamonds, emeralds, and rubies, off of a purple velvet and gold cushion that a servant was holding.  Raising the crown up so that everyone could see, he declared, “This crown is both the telblec crown as well as the lunimorf crown, joined together so that they may never be separated again.  It symbolizes the power and authority of both kingdoms come together.  May you wear it with honor, justice, and mercy.”  He placed the crown on Orion’s head.  “Arise, King Orion, ruler of telblecs, lunimorves, and jisbae.” King Frederic stepped back as Orion stood up.  Orion locked eyes with his father for a moment, longing to say something, but remained silent.  He glanced at his mother, who was standing next to his father, tears falling silently down her cheeks.
“You may kiss the bride,” the preacher’s voice caught Orion’s attention.  Orion turned to Tanya, lifted the veil, and hesitated for a moment before pressing his mouth to hers, and wrapping her in his warm embrace.  Cheering and clapping erupted throughout the hall as telblec and lunimorf alike stood up.  Encouraged by the celebration, Orion turned to the people with one hand on Tanya’s waist and the other in the air. 
“My people,” Orion spoke aloud and ninmisned so that he could be heard, “my first order of business as king is to officially proclaim the end of the telblec-lunimorf war!  We are now one!”  The cheers and clapping grew louder at Orion’s announcement.  
A strange whistling began somewhere among the crowd and caught up to Orion fast.  He turned towards the sound, barely catching a small arrow that had been aimed at his good eye in time, by the wooden shaft.  Gasps and screams erupted all over the great hall as lunimorves, former ATA members, began shape shifting into the ugly, gargoyle creatures, and jumping out of the crowd.  Orion watched as the rest of the crowd, telblec and lunimorf alike, scattered in all directions, away from the remaining ATA members.  Warriors too, both telblec and lunimorf, jumped into battle.  
Tanya screamed as an arrow raced only inches away.  Orion grabbed her arm and threw her down behind him as he pulled both of his daggers and spread his wings.  He was the king now.  He had to protect his people.  He took off for the nearest ATA member, lifting the weight on his wristbands and anklets, cutting him down easily.  An arrow grazed his shoulder as he let the man fall, causing Orion to turn, spotting a small group of ATA.  They were fighting warriors and trying to get to Orion, so Orion ran up to them, dodging their arrows and stabbing the nearest enemy.  Pain burst in his shoulder as another ATA plunged an arrow into Orion’s flesh.
“There he is!  Kill him!” A voice shouted.  Orion thought he recognized the voice, but didn’t have time to ponder it as more ATA members flew over to where Orion was fighting and joined into the fray.  Orion was doing his best to fight them all off, but every time he cut a foe down, five more took his place.  Orion felt hands grabbing at his wings, pulling his hair, and hitting him everywhere.  Blades; daggers, arrows, swords, knives, and weapons Orion had never seen before, cut him all over.  He heard his warriors shouting and fighting to get to him, but there were too many ATA members in the way.  Orion began to feel lightheaded.  More whistling, this time from above him, fell all around, hitting the crowd of  enemies gathered around Orion.  He looked up and saw Alex, along with several shape shifted lunimorf warriors, shooting the people who were attacking Orion.  Orion managed to free himself from the crowd of ATA as an exceptionally large lunimorf ran over, flexing it’s gray, leathery wings.  It twisted it’s ugly face in a cruel smile.  
“You!” Orion cried, shock and dread rushing through him as the walls of the palace melted away.  Darkness descended as turrets rose up and the rain poured down.  Orion saw the monster’s face as it was lit by a flash of lightning.  The sword it held changed into a flaming spear.  Orion heard it’s deep, raspy voice in his ear.
Orion shook the memory away and the palace walls replaced the rainy turrets.  He took a step back as he looked into the same face he had seen the day he lost his right eye.  Horrified, he opened and closed his mouth, but no words came out.  The monster laughed.
“You remember me, don’tcha?” it sneered.  “I took your eye all those years ago, and I know your only weakness.”  A spear appeared in it’s hands, “Now allow me to finish the job!”  It lunged at Orion, flames erupting from the spear.  Pyrophobia came rushing back to him as Orion dodged and stumbled, unable to control his levitation properly.  He fell, his crown clattering on the floor.  The monster stood over him and raised the flaming spear, preparing to plunge it into Orion’s heart.
“Orion!  Get up!” King Frederic called from across the room.  His father’s voice brought Orion back to his senses, and he rolled out of the way as the spear came down.  He got back up on his feet as the monster turned around.
“You foolish child!  I’ll kill you!”  The monster rushed forward, but Orion had found his courage.
“I’m not a child,” Orion said calmly, although he was still shaking, and grabbed the burning wood of the spear before it could pierce his flesh.  The monster stood there in shock, trying to pull the spear out of Orion’s strong grip.  “And you’re not going to kill me!” Orion pulled the spear out of the monster’s hands, causing the monster to fall.  Before he knew it, Orion had one foot on the monster’s chest and was aiming the flaming spear at it’s eye.
“You owe me an eye, you filthy beast!” Orion yelled furiously as he raised the spear, his hands burning.  The pain only added to Orion’s anger.
“Orion, stop!” King Frederic called out, making his way through the fighting to Orion.  His shirt had been ripped, revealing a large cut across his chest.  One eye was bruised so badly he couldn’t open it.  “Don’t do it.”
“Why not?!” Orion cried, his tears spilling over, “He ruined my life!  He deserves to die!”
“I’m not disagreeing with you,” King Frederic said calmly, “but think about it for a minute.  Do you really want to sink to his level?”  Orion stared at his father angrily.  The rest of the battle seemed far away as Orion thought it over.  “Killing him will not give you your eye back, or replace all those years you spent battling pyrophobia.  It will do nothing but make you the same as him,” King Frederic nodded at the monster on the floor, frozen from fear.  Coming to a decision, Orion raised the flaming spear again and plunged down as hard as he could.  Shaken, and overcome with fear and anger, Orion turned around.
“Go,” he said to the monster.  “Go, and may I never see you again!”  The monster opened it’s eyes and sat up.  The spear was still engulfed with flames, and sticking out of the floor beside where the monster sat.  It looked fearfully at Orion and got up.  Without saying anything, it took off through a window, spraying broken glass everywhere.  Orion watched it go, then turned to his father and hung his head.
“I wanted to kill him,” Orion said, sobbing, “I wanted to take his eye like he took mine!”
“Then I’m glad you didn’t,” King Frederic said, lifting Orion’s head and placing the crown on his hair.  “I’m proud of you, Orion.”  He smiled.  Sniffing, Orion smiled back.  He wiped his eyes and turned around to face the rest of the battle.
“Orion!” He heard someone scream his name somewhere off in the distance.  Tanya, Orion thought, I have to protect her!  He fought through his attackers with renewed strength, losing his father amidst the fighting, and becoming surrounded.  As the ATA crowd around Orion thinned and Orion thought that he just might make it through, a body fell on top of him, causing him to fall, too, losing his crown off his head again.  Regaining his senses, Orion pushed black feathers off of him and realized that the body was Alex.
“I’m sorry, Orion,” Alex whispered once Orion had laid him on his back.  Alex had several arrows sticking out of him, and cuts everywhere else.
“Alex, don’t give up on me now,” Orion said, desperate for his friend, “You’re going to make it.  Don’t give up on me.”  Alex smiled softly up at Orion, then went limp.  Orion stared at his friend for what seemed like an eternity.
“Tough luck, eh, bro?” A familiar, emotionless voice said over Orion, “He was your friend, wasn’t he?”  Orion looked up.  He just noticed that the circle of ATA had grown large, giving him and this other person plenty of room.  His gaze traveled up the person who was standing over him with a sword drawn.  Orion’s eyes went large when he seen his older brother standing there, looking down at him.
“Rick!” Orion breathed, holding Alex’s body, “You have to help me.  We have to heal him before he dies!”
“I’m afraid I can’t do that, bro,” Rick said calmly.  Orion opened his mouth, but no words came out.  He just missed the tip of Rick’s sword as it came crashing down where Orion had been sitting, cracking the stone floor.
“Rick, what are you doing?” Orion cried, standing up and facing his brother.
“Isn’t it obvious, Orion?” Rick sneered at Orion as he stepped over Alex’s limp form, “I hate you.  I’ve hated you since Mother decided to give you the empire, my empire, four years ago!” Rick rushed toward Orion, brandishing his sword, and swinging it in a wide arc.  The tip swept in front of Orion, catching his shirt and causing Orion to stumble.  Orion’s arms flew wide as he fell, searching for anything to keep Orion from falling, but found nothing.  He heard a sickening crack as he went down, and pain flooded his right arm.  Rick’s cruel laughter flooded Orion’s ears as he swung the sword around, preparing for another attack.  
A brown streak zoomed down in front of Orion, separating him form Rick.  Orion heard steel crash against steel as Lee took up Orion’s defense.  Orion tried desperately to stand up, but found that he was too weak.  He lay there helplessly, watching as his rival fought his brother on his behalf.  As the fight raged on, it was obvious to Orion that Lee was no match for Rick’s deadly skill with a sword.  That fact was proven in a heart-stopping moment as Rick plunged his sword deep into Lee’s chest.  Lee fell back, next to where Orion watched in horror.
“I’m s-sorry, my Prince,” Lee whispered, turning his head to face Orion, “Take care of Tanya.”  Lee’s final breath ran out.  Orion reached over with his left arm and closed Lee’s dead eyes.  Orion was shaking so badly at what he had just witnessed, Rick’s voice made him jump.
“Too bad.  He didn’t have to die, either.  He could have let me kill you, and he’d have his dream girl,” Rick shook his head, “Oh, well.  Back to business.  Some warrior you tuned out to be, bro,” Rick glared down at Orion, who was still lying on the floor, cradling his broken arm.  “Although, I have to admit, you’ve been pretty lucky.  Really,” Rick raised his eyebrows as if he was telling Orion an amusing story.  “You should have been killed when Bryan shot at you at the harvest festival years ago.  Lucky for you he wasn’t that good of a shot.  Lucky for him, you believed him when he spouted that garbage about having a weak ankle,” Rick chuckled, “And then when my followers attacked you in the park?  It was amazing you got away.  And, lucky you, that chef stopped you from eating the majaka sauce I put over your food that one day.”  Rick sniffed, thinking back, “but I got lucky when I slipped those majaka leaves into your beestripe tea, and no one thought I was actually trying to kill you.”  Everyone thought it was an accident.”
“Father knew you were after me,” Orion said, defensivly.
“Yes, he did,” Rick smiled wickedly, “But he wasn’t able to prove anything, was he?  All he could do was have some dumb guards follow me.  Unfortunately, you survived,” Rick glared at Orion.  “Even that time I broke your wing and threw you over the edge of the balcony.  You were lucky that stupid Joshua was teaching you levitation.  But now things are different,  Rick lifted the sword over his head with both hands, aiming the tip at Orion’s heart, “You won’t be so lucky this time!”  With a yell of fury, he forced the sword down with all his might.  Orion closed his eyes and prepared for the final blow.
It never came.  Orion opened his good eye slowly to see Rick standing over him, as still as a statue.  The sword’s point was only inches away from Orion’s chest.  Orion’s gaze proceeded up the sword, and settled on Rick’s face.  Rick’s eyes were as big as saucers, the pupils had almost disappeared.  His mouth was hanging open in a look of utter shock.  Orion wondered what had stopped Rick, but a small movement behind his brother gave Orion the answer.  Orion glanced beyond Rick to see Alex, injured, and with arrows sticking out of him, standing behind Rick.  Alex looked like it took all he had just to stand up.  He was leaning on Rick.  No, not on Rick, Orion thought as he lay there, trying to support himself with his unbroken, left arm, On something sticking out of Rick’s back.
Rick began shaking slightly, dropping the sword.  It clattered harmlessly on the stone floor.  Once the sword was out of the way, Orion saw the shiny, blood soaked tip of a blade protruding from Rick’s abdomen.  Rick, unable to hold himself up any longer, dropped to the floor and didn’t move.  Alex stood there, unsteady, gazing at Orion.  Neither of them spoke.  Finally, all his energy drained, Alex fell on top of Rick.  Orion made his way over to his friend, dragging himself due to his broken arm and paralysis. 
“Alex!” Orion cried frantically, pushing his friend off of Rick and turning him over on his back, “Alex, speak to me!”  Alex opened his eyes halfway and smiled weakly at Orion.
“We did it,” he whispered, “Didn’t we, buddy?”
“Yes, Alex,” Orion said softly, “We did it.  Don’t worry, you’ll be just fine.”
“Yea,” Alex seemed to be seeing something that wasn’t there, “We didn’t have your reception, yet,” Alex fixed his eyes on Orion, “I didn’t get a chance to dance with your bride, yet.”  He smiled wider.  Orion tried to chuckle at his friend’s joke, but it came out as a sniffle.
“Orion!  There you are,” King Frederic bounded over to where Orion and Alex lay, breathing a sigh of relief.  “I had lost you in the fray.  Are you alright?”  He knelt down.
“I think so,” Orion said, grimacing as he tried to move his broken arm, “but Alex...” Orion hadn’t taken his eyes off of his friend.  Alex lay there, struggling to keep his eyes open.
“I’m okay, buddy,” Alex coughed, “I just can’t get up right now.”
“We’d better get you both up to the hospital wing right away.” King Frederic, bigger than both of them, easily lifted Orion with one arm, and Alex with the other.  If he had been injured at all in the battle, he didn’t show it, except for the large cut on his chest and the bruised eye, which he ignored as he carried Orion and Alex off.  Orion glanced back to his brother one last time.  Rick’s dead eyes stared back at him, wide open and glassy.  Orion shivered and closed his eyes, wrapping his left arm around his father’s neck and allowing himself to be dragged away.


Chapter 57

The celebrating rekindled at the reception days later, after everything had been cleaned up and taken care of.  The ATA panicked once they saw that their leader, Rick, had been killed.  Most of them surrendered, but a few escaped.  The warriors let out a victory cry as remaining ATA members were arrested.  Orion heard them as he was being carried out of the great hall by his father, but he didn’t join in.  It wasn’t a victory for Orion; he had lost his brother.  Thoughts of Rick, and how much time they had spent together, haunted Orion over the next few days while he was in the hospital wing.  Tanya had stayed with him until he was strong enough to be healed.  His parents came often, too, but Orion was still miserable.  He wanted his older brother back.
After the third day, Joshua healed Orion and led him down to the great hall for Orion and Tanya’s reception.  Tanya had gone earlier to get changed back into her wedding dress.  Orion had been given a new wedding suit, since his old one was torn and bloody.
“Hey, buddy,” Alex said, meeting the two of them before the entrance to the great hall.  He wore a grim expression as he greeted them.
“Hi, Alex,” Orion sighed, “I’m glad to see you’re alright,” Orion looked down.
“Orion,” Alex gazed sympathetically into Orion’s good eye, “I’m sorry about Rick.  I know you loved him, I just...” his voice trailed off.
“It’s not your fault, Alex,” Orion met Alex’s gaze and put a hand on his friend’s shoulder, “He chose his fate.  You saved my life.  I owe you, big,” Orion smiled.
“That’s right,” Joshua added, “You’re a hero, Alex.”
“Yea, well,” Alex shook his head, “I don’t feel like it.”
“Why don’t we go inside?” Orion asked, grabbing both of them around the shoulders.  He smiled at them, trying to hide his anguish at losing Rick, and suppress the urge to hit Alex.  Alex had, after all, saved Orion’s life by taking Rick’s.  Holding back the heavy, black velvet curtain that separated them from the great hall, Alex allowed Orion and Joshua in before him.  Orion stepped from the hall to the platform where two thrones sat, a large one for the king, and a smaller one for the queen.  The floor of the great hall was sunk below the platform, with stairs covered in red carpeting joining the two.
“His majesty,” an announcer, who had been standing in the corner of the platform startled Orion, “King Orion!”  Orion stared at the announcer, confused for a moment before he remembered that he had been crowned king just before the battle took place.  Cheering erupted from the great hall as the large crowd of telblecs and lunimorves alike welcomed their new king.  Tanya leapt up from one of the thrones and threw her arms around Orion, her lips meeting his.  Startled, Orion took a step back before wrapping his arms around her and returning the kiss.
“Orion,” the strong voice of King Frederic separated Orion and his wife.  Orion turned to face his father, who was holding the large, golden crown, it’s diamonds, emeralds, and rubies sparkling.  Orion closed his eyes and bowed his head as his father placed the crown on Orion’s hair and stepped back.  Orion lifted his eyes to see his father beaming at him, with an arm around his mother’s waist.  She was smiling and holding a tissue, tears flowing freely down her face.  Orion turned back to Tanya, smiling, and mimicked his father by wrapping his arm around Tanya’s waist.  He glanced over at Joshua and Alex; Joshua was standing there proudly, having been given a small, golden crown of his own to wear.  Alex, on the other hand, had fallen to one knee, bowing to his new king.  Orion nodded his approval, and watched as other warriors separated themselves from the crowd, each falling to one knee in front of the platform as they reached the stairs.  He let his gaze travel from the warriors bowing at the stairs to the rest of the cheering crowd.  He had done it.  He had brought peace to a people who never knew anything but war.  He had fulfilled the legend and become the Irdisae.


About the Author

C.L. Mozena lives in southeast Ohio, and has been writing for years. She has had short stories published in the local newspaper, as well as book collections of short stories.  She enjoys participating in The Living Word Outdoor Drama on weekends.

Find me online at facebook and twitter!

www.CLMozena.webs.com
