



‘Round ‘n ‘Round the Hill


By


Angela B. Mortimer






‘Round ‘n ‘Round the Hill

PUBLISHED BY: 
Angela B. Mortimer at Smashwords
ISBN 9781310009969 
Copyright © 2015 by Angela B. Mortimer
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.
Adult Reading Material
*****




Dedication

Has to go to dad again. He told me how to get into a Fairy Mound, although it’s never advisable.



Chapter 1

‘Anagril?’ Beatty shouted, her voice echoing up the carpetless stairs. With the carpets taken up for the decorators, everything sounded too loud, the house unfamiliar and less welcoming than usual.
‘Up here.’
Beatty walked up the stairs thinking she’d have to start those aerobic classes again, she was getting too fat and too puffed.  ‘Anagril?’
A pattering of soft shoes on floorboards, and down the staircase leading from the attic ran Anagril. ‘Beatty you’re red in the face, and it’s only two flights.’
‘I’ll start those classes again when this house is sorted out. Just because you’re young, trim and fit, wait until you’re fifty.’
‘Sorry,’ Anagril smiled, ‘I’ve finished up here, just having a last look around.  Now everywhere is empty, it looks much bigger.’
‘Don’t rush off, stay awhile. This will always be home.’
‘Yes it will, but I have to go.’
‘Daniel won’t be back for a while, stay longer. I don’t like you being so far away.’
‘I’ll be fine. Come on, I need a cup of tea.’
Beatty noticed the tears.

Anagril bustled around making tea in the once warm, homey, and now empty kitchen. She sniffed and Beatty put a hand on her shoulder.
‘Anagril?’
‘Oh Beatty I’d give anything to love Daniel, then I’d stay.’ She burst into tears.
Beatty let her cry on her soft shoulder. ‘Sweetheart, I’d have liked it too but…’ she had tears in her eyes too. If only her beautiful goddaughter was to marry her son. But poor Anagril, and Daniel too, how hard he’d taken it - he’d been so sure of her. ‘Darling, he’ll be at Cliff’s for another two weeks, stay here until then.’
‘Beatty I must get away, even with the house empty it reminds me too much of dad.’
‘Will it be different at the cottage?’
‘Yes, we spent little time there, often wondered why he didn’t sell it?’
‘Nick would never sell it, been in the family for generations. Oh my poor darling,’ Beatty hugged Anagril hard.
‘I’m ok,’ Anagril pulled away, ‘I’ll finish dad’s book, just a matter of putting the new stuff together with the old, and getting illustrations organised. And where better to edit a book on ancient myths than Fairy Cottage?’

Beatty brought over a box of tissues, Anagril accepted one and blew her nose.
‘The decorators will be back tomorrow and you won’t recognise the place. This is always your home - you sold it for a fraction of what it’s worth.’
‘Dad would’ve wanted it, it’s your family’s home too. I’ve got enough money, enough to live comfortably if I’m careful.’
‘Anagril, when Tim returns from Saudi, I hope he’ll retire from his present job, it’s too dangerous now. He promised he’ll do consultation work to keep us ticking over financially. Then we’ll come to the cottage regularly, and you must come here too. Daniel will be in Australia at least a year, maybe longer.’
‘Beatty, I feel terrible about what happened, you’ll let me know how he is? Dan saved so long to get that lovely ring. I’ll never forget his face when I said no.’

For the best, did Beatty believe that?  He’d loved Anagril for so long and so sure she’d marry him. She’d been as shocked as her son. Anagril said she didn’t love him that way, what did that mean? What could you say to a man of twenty-eight, sobbing like a baby, nothing? And poor Anagril, her father dead a few months, and then Daniel’s badly timed proposal. Anagril wanted to escape and sell her father’s house.
‘Stay tonight, you are shaking. Not here, back at our old place. Everything’s packed, but the beds are up and we can get a takeaway. The motorway will be impossible this time on a Friday.’
‘No, my dear, darling Beatty, the car is packed and I have to go. I’ll ring when I get there. The removal men will be there early in the morning with the stuff they picked up and I must be there before they arrive. I can’t have heavy furniture ending up in the wrong room. It will take ages to get everything sorted and being busy will be good for me. Hug Beatty?’ she asked. ‘I love you, thanks for everything,’ she headed for the door.
All too soon, the smart green, Range Rover disappeared leaving Beatty alone and crying.

Anagril barely remembered the drive, the traffic out of London slow along the motorway. It was dark when she turned into the narrow lane to Bishopsthorn, the village not far from the house. No lights came on as she drove up the drive. The expensive removal company promised they’d get the power on today, so the outside security lights should have come on. She’d paid enough for their “silver service”.
The rare times she came here with her father, she’d wander around imagining how it might be furnished. Apart from a few pieces, Beatty liked and she’d left behind, the furniture from the London house would make this house a home. She’d make her childhood dreams live. There’d be too much furniture, the old and the worn pieces moved into the garage until they could be disposed of.
There were boxes around the house waiting to be unpacked. She’d kept her father’s many books, they’d need cataloguing before she finished the last edition of his famous “British Myths”. Then she’d finish her book, started as a child and never completed. There’d be no time to be lonely or regretful here.
‘Oh dad,’ she said aloud and sobbed for a moment, then got the torch out and looked at her phone. 7.30 pm - better hurry if she wanted a meal.
After phoning Beatty, she left the packed car in the drive and then hurried to the local pub, while they still served meals. Anagril walked the half-mile to the village using the torch to see the way in the dark. It was a dark night, she had an odd sense she was followed. She resisted turning around, but hurried up and soon the first of the village lights came into view.

Even though off the beaten track, the pub, The Wizard, was well-known for food, and people came from miles away to get a meal. Friday night meant it was full, no tables left in the restaurant.
‘Only the public,’ said the publican, pointing to a quieter, less pseudo “old country” style room, with plain white walls, wooden seats and fewer pictures and plates on the walls.

The publican’s blond wife scowled and nudged her husband when she walked in. Anagril was beautiful, but it hadn’t brought her any joy. Her peers jealous and most hostile, making her life a misery. School days were a struggle, socially at least, although scholastically she’d had done well.
Blessed with long red-gold hair, glossy and straight, and flawless, pale skin kissed with a golden glow, even in the winter, and eyes like fiery emeralds, as Daniel described them. Tall and slender, she had a natural elegance. Used to women’s hostility and men’s admiration. She was safe with Daniel and now she’d driven him away to Australia.

The locals knew she was the girl from Fairy Cottage, and Anagril couldn’t work out why they were frightened of her. Even when she was a child, people walked the other way rather than pass her. The lady in the Post Office was always curt, yet nice to other children. Her father wasn’t welcome either, even though his family had lived here since before the Conqueror.
The hostility was part of the reason they never stayed long, usually a few weeks in the summer, so Anagril enjoyed fresh, country air and walked in relative safety.  Her father sensed his daughter’s pain, at least he could lose himself in his books.

Anagril got up from the table as soon as she’d finished and went out into the chilly air. She was nervous again, frightened someone followed, and this time she turned around but saw nothing. She unloaded the car, putting everything into the unused sitting room.
Using the torch, she brushed her teeth and went straight up to bed. She stripped to her underclothes and pulled up an as yet uncovered duvet, and lay on the unmade bed to sleep.

 Anagril woke up suddenly, unaware for a moment where she was, it was too quiet after the noise in London. Her phone said eight-thirty, she leapt out of bed, pulled on jeans and ran to the bathroom. Not long after, she heard a knock on the door - the removal men had arrived.
For a removal man, Mr Blaxton was very proper. He ignored her uncombed hair and bare feet. ‘Am I early Miss Hayton?’ his voice had a forced, refined tone.
‘No, Mr Blaxton, I overslept. What happened to the electricity? I had no power last night.’
‘It should be on Miss Hayton. We came yesterday to turn it on - Charlie!’ he shouted, his voice changing, ‘Check out the fuse box will ya, there’s no power.’
A large, genial-looking, middle-aged man came into the hall and opened the door underneath the stairs. ‘Should be, I came meself.’
‘The box is a little way in, shall I get my torch, Mr Blaxton?’  Anagril asked, as Charlie banged his head and swore.
‘Please miss.’
She found the torch beside the bed. Mr Blaxton handed it to Charlie. ‘Try now,’ the burly man shouted. Mr Blaxton flicked the hall light on and off.
‘Thank you, I should have thought of that. Would you like a cup of tea? I may be awhile finding everything, I haven’t sorted the kitchen out yet.’
‘Thank you, Miss Hayton, a cuppa would go down nicely.’
‘How many?’
‘Six, if you please.’

Anagril walked into the kitchen, what a mess. Last time she’d brought a few things from the London house, she’d opened one of the boxes and strewn the contents over the biggest bench. Her father remodelled the outdated kitchen when she left school, and let his daughter choose the cupboards and new appliances. Since then little was done because they rarely visited. Suddenly she was depressed, not elated at having her own home. As usual, Beatty was right, she should have waited and not rushed away before the place was in order. It was that terrible argument with Daniel. If she’d waited, a few weeks she could’ve helped Beatty, and then she would’ve done the same. No Anagril, you can’t keep depending on Beatty. Where was the box with the groceries? She remembered, in the empty sitting room filled with unopened boxes.

The unusual warm October weather turned colder, and there was an icy wind blowing and it looked like rain. Anagril hoped it would hold off until they’d finished unloading the two large trucks. She regretted not slipping on a jacket. The men were grateful for the hot, fresh tea, after a trip of nearly two hours from their base in North London. The youngest, hardly more than a boy, blushed and stammered.
Mr Blaxton’s Silver Service removals were expensive, but worth the extra. Anagril spent the day running after Mr Blaxton and making tea and a plate of sandwiches, and by four o’clock every large item was at least in the right room. Including the misplaced pieces from the earlier delivery, and the garage was now full of old mattresses and unwanted furniture. Mr Blaxton accepted a large cheque with a rare smile, and Anagril gave them handsome tips.
She watched them leave and closed the farm gate to the drive. The rain thankfully held off but now she felt a few drops and the sky darkened. Anagril locked the garage and hurried inside the house. Grateful the central heating worked properly now, the large cottage had always been cold.

Daniel was going to help her move in before the row, now he’d taken a job in Australia, she might never see him again. For a moment Anagril nearly picked up the phone and told Dan if he still wanted her she’d marry him. She resisted. She’d hurt him not accepting that stupid, expensive engagement ring? Why? They were friends and long-standing lovers. She loved him, but was it enough? Was it to the point of madness, as her father loved her mother?

Her mother died when Anagril was a baby. The locked bedroom she was born in shrouded in dust sheets, rarely used. The room Anagril intended to make her own.
Exhausted, not just physically but emotionally too, she didn’t tidy up the kitchen and intended to start early tomorrow. Beans on toast, and a bottle of red, then Anagril moved a box from one of the comfy chairs and sat down with relief. Nothing much on the TV, so she grabbed the bottle and glass, and ran a bath in the bathroom, near her old room.

Lying back in the water, she relaxed and drank the rest of the glass of wine and then poured another. The wind rattled the window. Standing up in the bath, she tried to pull the old latch in further to stop the noise. The hill looked black against the dark, grey sky and the rain, coming down in sheets. As a child, she’d loved the rain here, so different than in London. The locals called the barrow Fairy Hill. The water was cool so she got out, dried her hair, and crawled into a now made bed with the last of the wine and a book.

He’d entered earlier and hid in the attic until the men left. He watched her take off her clothes, get into the bath and out, and then walk naked to a bed warmed with hot water bottles. It was cool in the house when the heating timer turned off. She finished the bottle of wine, and not reading a word of the novel, turned the light off, and because of the alcohol and exhaustion fell asleep.

The rain cleared, the moon came out from behind the fast-moving clouds and brightened up the room. He came in quietly if she woke she’d be able to see him, unlike the clumsy men who hadn’t registered his shadow. She’d pulled the bedclothes up so only her hair was visible on the pillow. She moaned and moved onto her back, pushing down the bedclothes. He could see her lovely profile and one perfect breast.
He groaned. She registered it, but before she opened her eyes, he vanished behind the stacked boxes at the end of the bed. She turned on the bedside light and thought she’d been dreaming, so turned the light out and fell asleep again. Without a sound, he ran back to the attic and sat on the floor, holding onto his legs and rocking back and forth. She was so lovely, but she had to be. Why else would the old one bring her back to this house? He was to have her, and he didn’t want her, the servant wished it could be him instead. He moaned as he rocked, it sounded like the wind. Anagril fell asleep again.

By the morning the wind and rain disappeared, and Anagril’s visitor too. It was a sunny day, but cold. She worked hard to get the kitchen in order. The house was large because the original old stone and wattle cottage was added to two hundred years ago. The newer part had two grand reception rooms, unused and empty and originally four bedrooms upstairs, converted by her great-grandfather into two grand bedrooms with adjoining dressing and bathrooms.
She was familiar with her father’s rooms and the suite once her mothers. Odd her parents had separate rooms, such an archaic habit. The bathrooms adjoining the main bedrooms were once old-fashioned, but times had changed and the old baths and basins were now back in vogue.
Later, clutching a cup of coffee, Anagril decided what room she’d sort out next, as the kitchen was finished, and decided on her mother’s room. She’d looked around the room after her father died, and found it odd there were none of her mother’s belongings left. Her father had been a hoarder, it was out of character to take everything out of the room and then to lock it. Sipping coffee, she walked across the spacious landing to the older part of the house, imagining what she’d do here.

This side of the cottage was different, much older, so the rooms lower and less grand in proportion. The next two large upstairs rooms were full of boxes and spare furniture. They led into each other. When Anagril came here with her father, they used them as play areas or as an echoing corridor between the two parts of the house. What to do with them? She didn’t want to divide the house in two. Perhaps make four rooms instead of two, with a corridor between, they’d still be a decent size.
 Then the old landing, she groaned at the mess in her room. The rooms in this part of the house had low ceilings and uneven, creaky floors. Anagril walked down the narrow stairway to the small, old hallway. The original front doorway replaced with a window, with a door on the opposite wall leading to the garden.
There were another two fair-sized rooms, one her father’s study, and the other a half-empty library, most of the books moved to London after her mother died. The books were back again, boxes and boxes. Anagril’s depression returned, so much cataloguing and sorting. On the other side of the hall was the long, thin, dark room they called the old sitting room, it was shabby, yet full of many fond memories playing games with Daniel, and sometimes Cliff.

Mr Blaxton and his men had moved the heavy, old refectory table from the kitchen into the large, back reception room in the most recent part of the house, for use as a formal dining room.

‘Well Anagril, dreaming won’t get you finished will it?’ she said out loud.
Mustn’t forget the attics - putting down her empty cup she ran up the narrow stairs to the lofts. Anagril made a mental note to check and make sure she didn’t have vermin. She’d heard something the other night, it sounded as if it came from the attic above her room. She was nervous she might find something large with teeth, but it was wise to look around.

By seven that evening, the kitchen and its new living area looked respectable, the boxes put in the dining room until tomorrow. Anagril looked around with satisfaction. The cupboards of pale, creamy wood, simple in style worked well in the long, beamed room. When the kitchen was installed, Anagril painted the walls rich terracotta and hung up the turquoise curtains she’d sewn on Beatty’s machine. Anagril loved colour, unlike her father, who played it safe. Originally, the only furniture was the old refectory table and odd dining chairs. Now the kitchen was the heart of the home as she’d always imagined, and where she’d spend most of the time. It was warm here, even in the winter with the gas-fuelled Aga helping to keep it snug.  Satisfied with her efforts she had a quick shower before making something to eat.
Anagril just finished tidying away when the doorbell rang. It couldn’t be Beatty still “up to her ears” in decorators. Worried, she looked out the security peephole. She smiled and eagerly opened the door.
‘Daniel,’ she flew into his arms and lifted her head to be kissed. ‘Oh, Daniel, take me to bed, please!’



Chapter 2

He’d come again that night, noiselessly opening the garden door. Where was she? He moved through the house and found her in her mother’s old room asleep in Daniel’s arms.
His master wouldn’t like this, nor the old one. This female had a mind of her own, she couldn’t be controlled. They may have killed the father and if they wanted her, they’d have to kill this man too. He left the way he’d come, laughing gleefully as he ran.

They woke up and looked at each other. Daniel was about to speak, but Anagril stopped him her fingers touching his lips.
‘Don’t spoil it, Dan. I haven’t changed my mind.’ She saw the pain in his eyes. ‘Let’s wait until you’re back from Australia.’
‘I’m not going, turned down the job. A year away from you, I’d go insane.’
‘You might have met a girl there, fallen in love, and forgotten me.’
‘Do you want that Aggy?’
Did she? No. ‘I always wanted you, Daniel. I still want you, nothing changed, but I don’t want to get married yet. Perhaps I’ll change my mind, but please don’t ask I make promises. I didn’t think you’d come.’
‘Cliff insisted, he said I was stark, staring, bonkers letting you get away. That we loved each other like crazy and if I didn’t, he’d help you instead, and wait for you to forget me, no matter how long it took. AND, he wouldn’t be so stupid to ask you to marry him just after the death of your father…’
‘Sounds like Cliff, when he’s excited he never draws breath.’
‘Cliff meant it, said I’m the luckiest man alive, and I need to apologise for my stupidity.’
‘You weren’t stupid, Cliff’s right, just lousy timing. No, say nothing, leave it for now.’ Daniel nodded, biting his proposal back. ‘What will you do now?’
‘Join dad, we’ll start up our own consultation business. He’s finished the Saudi job. Dad wants to get work in Europe but thinks most is still in the Middle East. This time, dad will stay home and I’ll do the travelling instead.’
‘Your mum will be so happy, she misses your dad when he’s away, but will worry about you.’
‘Will you miss me, Aggy?’
‘Yes.’
‘Just in bed?’ he looked serious.
‘No, not just in bed, since our argument my life has been hell.’
‘Are you sure you don’t want to finish your degree?’
‘No, at least not yet, Professor Dale told me I could come back. He and dad were good friends. I don’t think I will, I’ve enough money to start a career in writing. First, finish dad’s last edition, and that silly novel of mine, then I’ll see what happens. Judith, my dad’s publisher, will help me, or tell me I’m rubbish. I’m so glad you came - Mr Blaxton had limitations.’
‘What?’
Anagril giggled. ‘The removal man. He had the electrical fittings updated, but his men couldn’t install the new systems because I’m not sure what I need yet. Now you’re here you can help me buy new stuff. How long are you staying? 
‘How are two weeks?’
‘Wonderful, thanks, Dan.’ She rewarded him by pushing up against him and what could a man do but respond.

The first thing that morning they drove to the nearest supermarket. Miss Lane still had the tiny village shop and Post Office, but Anagril hated going there. Bishopsthorn was lucky to still have a Post Office and pub because the village only comprised five, small cottages on a road to nowhere. Although there were several, large, posh houses in the area, and a few working farms.
As yet, the developers hadn’t built their little boxes here, probably because it was off the beaten track and the roads narrow and hard to navigate. Any day a new road might ruin the idyllic countryside. Oxford, a short thirty-minute drive away, was why the pub and tiny village shop kept open.
Everything was easier now Daniel was here. They bought lunch in a coffee shop before the long-overdue visit to the supermarket. Anagril couldn’t expect Daniel to live on beans on toast.  She kept looking at him as if to check he wasn’t a dream. He looked like his father, tall and slim with unruly dark, wavy hair, and soft grey eyes.
‘I love you,’ she blurted out.
It made him smile, he bit back the proposal, which wouldn’t forever be unsaid, but right now he mustn’t risk this wonderful, new relationship.

By the time they put the groceries away, it was three o’clock.
‘Have you called your mum yet Daniel?’
‘No, but I will, promise. What wants doing first Aggy?’
‘Can you help move stuff into my new bedroom? My clothes are still in boxes. I wasn’t in too big a hurry to get it done until you came…’ she smiled seductively. ‘I’ve got a better idea, let’s go to bed, and start tomorrow…’

Beatty put the phone down and looked at her husband. ‘Tim, Daniel’s gone to the cottage,’ she sounded worried. ‘He’s staying a few weeks to help Anagril settle.’
‘Good idea, she needed help. You worry too much love. They’ll be alright, they’ll get married and give us grandkids. The girl’s young, and Dan’s her only boyfriend, he made a mistake with his timing. Let things take their natural course.’
‘I’d hate to see either hurt again, and I’ve got one of my feelings. When was I wrong?’
‘Ring back and ask if we’d be in the way if we came for the weekend,’ said Tim, ignoring his wife’s question.
‘You sure, you said you had work to do?’
‘I can catch up next week. Go on Beats, you need a break from this place too. The decorators are nearly done, and then take your time sorting the house out. There’s just us until Daniel comes back to help set up the office.’ He went back to his paper.

‘Mum and dad want to come this Thursday night, is it ok Aggy?’
‘Yes, I haven’t seen your dad for months.’ Once he was off the phone Anagril said. ‘We’d better get your old room ready too.’
‘Why?’ he looked worried. ‘No commitment?’
‘Don’t start again Daniel, please.’
Daniel moved closer, putting his arms around her, he kissed her neck. ‘All right, I’ll shut up, but please let’s sleep together?’
‘Ok, but I don’t want your parents assuming everything is as it was. Oh, Dan, I can’t find the rosemary, it must have fallen out of the bag, would you mind looking in the car please?’

He kissed her again and went to his car. No moon, a cloudy, dark night, and it looked like rain. He’d better put the car in the garage. He turned back to get the keys. As he did, he saw something moving in the shadows. He looked again - nothing, it must have been a trick of the light.
Daniel found the rosemary in the boot and put his car next to Anagril’s in the large garage. He was uneasy as if being watched. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up, and he had an odd, nervous sensation in the pit of his stomach. He hurried inside and locked the front door, deciding not to tell Anagril as she had to stay here alone. He was just doing a mum - there'd never been trouble here.
‘You all right Dan?’
‘Sure sweetheart, it’s just cold out there.’ He looked out of the window. ‘You can see the hill even in the dark, it stands out black even against the darkness, it used to scare us as children, remember? We’d sneak off and climb it because we were scared and it was exciting.’
‘And you used to tell me horror stories, to frighten me even more.’
‘Your dad kept telling us not to go alone there without an adult, but stick to the lanes, never understood why…’ he stopped and looked at her.
‘It’s ok Dan, we should talk about him… because…’ tears came and Daniel went to comfort her. ‘Dad falling asleep at the wheel? It doesn’t seem possible - he was such a careful driver.’ The tears flowed and Daniel held her close until she moved away. ‘I’m fine Dan, sit at the table, dinners nearly ready. Will you pour the wine?’
Anagril sniffed as she brought the casserole to the table. Thanks to Beatty she was an excellent cook, even so, Daniel found it hard to eat. He drank his wine much faster than usual and Anagril noticed. ‘Aren’t you hungry Dan, you’ve hardly touched your meal and you’re already on your second glass?’
‘Course I’m hungry, it’s just this wine’s good. Next time we go to the supermarket we’ll get more.’ His stomach relaxed, and he finished his meal, even managed two large helpings of his favourite meringue-topped dessert.
After loading the dishwasher in the old kitchen, now used as a laundry, and closing the door on the noise, they lay together on the big old couch. It was snug and warm, and they both fell asleep.

‘What was that?’ Daniel woke up suddenly, waking Anagril too.
‘What Dan?’
‘That noise.’
‘I can’t hear anything.’
‘I thought I heard a noise, sounded like it came from upstairs. I’ll check it out.’
‘It’s the wind, this old place creaks.’
‘I expect so, but I need the bathroom anyway, so I’ll go upstairs and see if everything’s ok.’

Daniel was twitchy, so unlike him. Anagril stood up, walked to the window, and looked out. She’d always accepted, no matter how dark it was, you could still make out the shape of the mound. It was raining hard again, the wind blew the drops against the window. What was that strange, blue light at the base of the hill, who would be out for a walk on a night like this? Especially there, on the public footpath, rarely used this time of year, and never in the dark. Only the most determined tourist found time to walk up after an excellent pub lunch, they usually climbed the hill first.
She remembered Beatty calling out one night. ‘Anagril, fairy lights.’ Her father had said brusquely. ‘Don’t put those ideas in the girl’s head Beat...’  It seemed an odd thing for him to say, he was a man who compiled fairy stories.

Daniel came back into the kitchen. ‘You’re right, it’s just the wind in the pink bathroom. I’ll try to fix the catch tomorrow, it's been painted over so many times it won’t close. Aggy are you sure you’ll be all right here? Why not stay with mum and dad, and come here on the weekends when one of us can come with you?’
‘Oh no Daniel, you can’t fool me. You’re just making a fuss so I will be under the same roof. I’m staying here. I need the peace and quiet, and the stuff in the study and library, and I’m not moving it back again. Judith wants the revision of dad’s book so she can add new illustrations, and once I’ve tidied up the study, I intend finishing it. So I’m staying put.’
‘Worth a try,’ he grinned. ‘We might as well go to bed, we’ve missed the end of the movie.’

He hid in the attic again, waiting for them to go to bed. He’d told him and the Old One, about the man and how they made love to each other, going into great detail. His master wanted to hit him, but the Old One stopped him and said it wasn’t his fault. The girl is strong, a weak woman would be of no use. He sneaked down the stairs without touching the creaking steps and watched through the crack in the open door. She moved on top of the man as he held onto her breasts. The servant would enjoy telling his master everything, how she’d take the initiative and beg the man to explore her body, and how at last she’d fallen breathless on her lover, crying out her passion. His master has to kill this one, not leave it to his servant - it was his duty to kill her lover, his rival. He’d be in more trouble when he told them how the lovely one made love over and over, he hoped the Old One would save him from the expected beating.
They didn’t see their silent watcher, and when Daniel woke up later, he still watched. Anagril woke up too and asked for more.

The servant’s quick feet didn’t touch the ground, little rain fell on him as he moved fast. The hill loomed black and as if there were an invisible wall, he disappeared through it.

The next morning, the bright sunlight chased away the fancies of last night. Daniel got up, made a cup of tea, and brought one to a still sleepy Anagril.
‘What’s on the agenda today, Aggy?’
‘First, your parent’s room, not much needed. The bed needs making and a dust and hoover, and we should get the old sitting room finished too. Pity I don’t have time to paint before I put everything in place.’
‘It doesn’t need painting, your dad and I did it a few years ago.’
‘Yes, but why he redid it in that boring cream again, I can’t imagine. I want colour everywhere, bright and striking and NOT cream. Oh and Daniel, I want you too…’

It was eleven when they’d finished washing up the breakfast things.
‘We need more milk, bread, and eggs. I fancy a quick pint at the pub, you coming?’
‘No Daniel. I have to get something done, we spend too much time in bed.’
‘And whose fault is that?’
‘Both of us, you don’t say no, suppose I don’t either,’ she smirked. ‘Oh, go have your pint. I’ll fix up your mum and dad’s room, and when you come back you can help me sort out the sitting room.’ He kissed her and went into the hall to put on his coat. Anagril followed him. ‘Just one mind, I don’t want to do everything myself.’ As he bent to kiss her again, she pushed up against him.
‘Oh no Aggy, don’t start again, at this rate, it will take years to get unpacked,’ he pushed her off, beaming.

Daniel had spent nearly as much time at the cottage as Anagril and Nick, and the locals knew who he was. Miss Lane at the Post Office was never curt. The tall, handsome, young man only had to smile, and the old lady would ask how his parents were keeping. Never a word about Anagril, so recently bereaved, or the professor and his untimely death.
Anagril’s father Nick was born at Fairy Cottage too. Daniel’s mother found it strange the locals never said hello to Nick and Anagril. His father remarked village people had long memories - perhaps Nick’s family upset them generations ago when they owned the village, and they still bore a grudge. There must be more to it?
He said goodbye to Miss Lane and went into the pub. It was quiet at lunchtime in the week, only the bar was open, and two regulars sat quietly, taking an age to drink one pint. The manager recognised Daniel, and they had a chat about the weather. He was friendly to everyone, but as his wife listened, he dare not mention the girl or her father. Daniel stood at the bar and drank his beer.

‘So you’re the young man who will marry the fairy, eh.’ A wizened old man shouted, his voice the classic cackle.
‘I beg your pardon?’ Daniel turned to him.
‘Take no notice of old Bill, he’s a bit cracked in the head nowadays.’ The pub owner scowled at the old man.
‘I ain’t young Lamdon, I’m fine in the head AND ears. They say those fairy women love a man until he’s crazy, and then leave them. Afterwards, they’re not interested in a human woman.’
‘I think that’s enough Bill,’ said young Lamdon trying to save a red-faced Daniel from further embarrassment.

Daniel hurried his pint and left, but old Bill’s comments hit home. Perhaps that’s why everyone was frightened of Anagril and her father. No not Nick, they were polite enough to him, although they kept their distance, but with Anagril, they were downright hostile. Once the local kids threw stones at her, upsetting his mother. What a crazy idea, Anagril a fairy? Daniel smiled and decided he’d tell Anagril at the right time, but he wondered if she’d be amused?

He found her polishing furniture in the long sitting room. Like the kitchen one of the oldest parts of the house. It had low-beamed ceilings and the only room ever used as a sitting room. The newer reception rooms had always been empty of furniture.
‘I didn’t expect you back so soon Dan.’
‘I walk faster than you,’ he shouted back. He hung up his jacket on the old hallstand and went into the kitchen to put the milk and eggs in the fridge. ‘What’s for lunch?’ he shouted again.
‘Lunch?’ Anagril followed him clutching her polish and duster. ‘You’re always hungry,’ she said laughing.

How lovely she looked in those old jeans and the loose shirt, unbuttoned so he could see her cleavage, deliberate. She wasn’t wearing anything under it either. Old Bill was right, fairies were sexy…
‘What are you smiling at?’ she asked.
‘Nothing, it’s just I love you, Aggy.’ He didn’t tell her what Bill said, best wait until that second bottle of wine sometime…

They kept their hands off each other. Although Dan’s eyes kept going to Anagril’s breasts, loosely confined in her shirt and she had undone another button. Fairies are sexy, he repeated to himself a few times, but Anagril was eager to finish hanging pictures and arranging ornaments. It was dark when Dan took the empty boxes into the garage. When he came back, Anagril undid her shirt. As he walked back into the room, she showed him her breasts and then pulled the shirt closed. As he went to grab her, she screamed and ran off upstairs.
‘We’re both grubby Daniel, so I’m running a bath,’ she shouted back.

He’d been watching from the window in the dusk light, he’d seen her undo her shirt and move her hands over her breasts so her nipples stood out, and then tease the man and run away, the man running after her. He’d entered the house by the garden door as usual, by magic the bolts opened and the lock clicked open. Invisible to human eyes he crept up the stairs, as he reached the top he sniffed to find them. Missing the creaks on the loose floorboards, his feet barely touched the floor. He stood behind the door to her bathroom. She and the man were at opposite ends of the large Victorian-styled bath. She smiled, and the man’s eyes closed as if in ecstasy, as she massaged between his legs with her foot. She then got up and moved on the man after placing him inside her.
He reluctantly ran back to the mound to face them, eager to lie on his bed to think about her. He tried to sneak past the room where the other two shared food, but they heard him.

Penegulan shouted out. ‘Here creature,’ as if he was an animal, he had to enter. ‘Why have you left your post, it’s your job to keep her safe.’
He saw the cruel anger in his master’s eyes and he fell to the floor, hardly daring to breathe, but then recovered enough, and knowing he might die for it, said. ‘She is safe, the man is with her.’ He saw Penegulan move and then the expected kick.
‘What man?’
‘The Daniel one, they have made up their disagreement.’ Another kick, harder this time, he wished he’d the courage to look at Penegulan’s face.
‘It’s your job Orist to put ideas in her mind, so she’ll drive him away again.’
‘She is strong-minded. She cannot stop touching him, she makes him mad to get inside her. Her body is so smooth, not a hair around her pretty petals.’
Penegulan hit him harder, he scampered for the wall. His master followed and hit him almost senseless.
‘Stop this Penegulan,’ shouted Loneghan, ‘stop.’
Penegulan had him by the throat and when Loneghan shouted, threw him against the wall. He said. ‘I will kill this one myself.’
‘No Penegulan, think,’ said Loneghan. ‘Anagril must come to you because she wants to,’ his voice softened, powerful in its persuasion. ‘We killed her father and suggested she come here. But if this man were to die too, she might become suspicious and our careful plans come to nothing. Penegulan, she is a fairy, all fairy. Didn’t you hear what the messenger said? Not a hair on her.’
‘Even around her pretty petals,’ Orist croaked. Penegulan moved in to kick him again.
‘Stop it!’ said Loneghan forcefully. ‘Our plans are formed, we must carry them out.’
Penegulan’s handsome and cruel face glared at the old one, knowing he was right. He walked out. Loneghan helped the servant.

He was too ill to resume his vigil the next three nights, and so it was Friday. when still in pain, he resumed his post. Beatty and Tim were there, so the younger ones behaved. Daniel pretended to go to his room and then crept across to Anagril. His parents heard him.
‘Tim, do you think they’ll marry?’
‘You worry too much, of course, they will.’
‘It’s what I’ve always wanted, but sometimes I get one of my feelings.’
‘Oh Beat, your feelings are just that, feelings. Trust my feelings, they’ll be married next summer. Turn the light out, let’s go to sleep.’



Chapter 3

The main topic of conversation was Daniel and Tim forming the consultation company. Tim, a civil engineer, had for the last twenty years worked for a company based in the Middle East. Beatty, fed up of not seeing more of her husband, and more than a little afraid, as so many countries were now dangerous. For her sake, he was starting his own business, subcontracting companies and expertise as needed. Daniel finished university the year before, and also had a good civil engineering degree, as well as one in architecture, and worked for a large company, doing the most basic and boring jobs. He jumped at the opportunity his father offered. He’d only put out feelers for the job in Australia in anger, he couldn’t leave, not just Anagril, but his mother too.
It was a happy, family weekend, but they missed Nick. Dan would have to go back to London soon and help convert the basement in Anagril’s old home to offices. When he wasn’t travelling, he’d spend weekends, and as much time as possible here at the cottage. Modern technology made it possible, and his father and he talked about technology while Anagril and Beatty watched television. Daniel observed her face as they laughed at a ridiculous comedy show. He considered asking her to marry him again, a voice said to be patient and wait.

‘How about a pint Dan?’ his father asked on Saturday evening. ‘Beat, what about you and Anagril?’
‘Yes, great idea, I need to stretch my legs after that wonderful meal.’
Daniel saw Anagril would prefer to stay home, but she smiled and put on her boots and jacket.
There was an icy wind blowing, so they were glad to get inside the pub. It was crowded. They took a spot up against the wall and found a stool for Beatty. There were the usual hostile glances from the locals at Anagril. Beatty’s sharp eyes took in everything.  They had a couple of drinks and left, Beatty and Daniel walking behind as Tim and Anagril chatted.
‘I can never understand why women are so nasty to Anagril, there’s not a malicious bone in her body. She’s lovely, and it’s always caused her peers to be jealous. But those malignant stares she gets are from women older than I am! The men just look at her blankly, as if disagreeing with the women, but too frightened to say anything.’
‘Mum?’
‘Yes, Daniel,’ Beatty waited for him to finish the sentence.
‘I was in the pub earlier in the week. It was quiet, apart from the usual blokes. When that small, ancient-looking man, Bill something?’
‘Yes?’
‘Well, he asked if I was marrying the fairy?’ Beatty didn’t answer for a moment but pulled her coat collar up against the wind. ‘Mum, don’t you think it’s a funny thing to say? I don’t think he’s senile. Surely in this day and age, they can’t believe in anything so ridiculous.’
‘It’s as your father says, there are still odd ways in the country.’
‘But Anagril a fairy Mum? You remember her mother?’
‘Marianne? Oh yes, I remember her. To be honest, I didn’t like her, but Nick was besotted - no worse. He broke off his engagement to a lovely girl when he met Marianne. Daniel, I might as well tell you everything. I will be glad to get it off my chest. You were just a boy, what do you remember?’
‘Just her hair, it was like Anagrils.’
‘Yes. Marianne was beautiful, perhaps I am biased, but her daughter is even lovelier. There was something about Marianne, sly, the opposite of Liz, his ex-fiancée. Nick met Marianne walking on the hill. She said she was researching fairy mounds. Nick was taken with her. To be honest he fell in love with her there and then. He changed too. They never married.’
‘I wondered, Anagril can’t find a marriage certificate, not even a birth certificate for her mother, and you know Nick, he’d throw nothing away.’
‘I’m not surprised. It was a matter of days before he told Liz it was over and in moved Marianne. She had little luggage - just a travel bag. She kept saying she must get her things sent but never did. I suspected her motives, I can’t tell you why. Nick and I always had a special relationship, I assumed it was jealousy on my part, but why not jealous of Liz too, we are still good friends. Nick and I grew up together as our mothers were sisters, he was more a brother than a cousin. I tried my best to like Marianne but I couldn’t. So I stayed away - stopped coming for the weekend. She paused, as she shivered and pulled at her coat collar again. ‘Nick worked on his first British Myths and teaching at Oxford. His father left him money and this cottage, and his mother the house in London. Auntie Cece, Nick’s mum was the eldest, but your great-grandad had other property too, so it was a fair arrangement for all the family. That house was part of my childhood too. We never talked about the air crash, which killed his parents. The crash wasn’t long before he met Marianne, perhaps that’s why he changed. I told Anagril last year about her grandparents because her father never discussed it, and now Nick too, it’s too much.’ 

Beatty stopped again as she controlled tears. ‘Nick rented out the lower flat of the house in those days. I’d clean for him and he’d pay me generously, he was never mean with money. I’d just finished my history degree, married your dad, and soon expecting you. I also had a part-time job in Uncle Ralph’s office, where your dad worked. Everything was fine until Marianne. Your dad knew I didn’t come here anymore and insisted we came together, to help me get over Marianne. It helped, but I was never comfortable. We came for the long weekend in August, Marianne was pregnant. Nick said she wanted to wait until the baby before getting married. Vague as usual, saying something about a dress she’d always wanted, now not fitting. Her parents lived abroad and hard to contact, some rubbish about them working for a relief agency in South America.’
Again, Beatty paused, her emotions strong. ‘What a weak excuse, not to get married before the baby. I tried so hard for Nick’s sake. It wasn’t as if she was rude or nasty, she was nice. I came more often. She had Anagril here, the local midwife came. It was a quick birth, and Anagril was born before the doctor arrived. Marianne looked so healthy as if all she’d done was take a brisk walk. She fed her for a few days, although I never saw her do so, she’d hide away in her room. I stayed to help because they asked me. One day she put Anagril in my arms, saying she needed fresh air. I loved the baby. I’d lost your little sister two years before, and told I couldn’t have any more…’

They reached the gate. The torch lit up their feet as they both looked at the ground.
‘Daniel, she never came back - just left me holding the baby. Nick went crazy, accused me of driving her away. He apologised later, but at the time, it hurt. Tim came to help, and Cousin Clare looked after you while we tried to find her. We guessed she’d gone for good. I brought Anagril home, she was too young for Nick to manage in his state of mind. He moved into the London house so it was easier for me to look after both of them. Nick changed so much, he became quiet and rarely smiled. Slowly he learned to love his daughter. Marianne’s name was never mentioned - NEVER, but I believe Nick loved her to his grave…’
‘Come on, it’s freezing out there,’ Tim shouted from the doorstep.
Beatty’s eyes were moist and tears fell.
‘Be there in a minute dad,’ called Daniel. ‘Are you all right mum?’
‘No, distract them will you, while I go upstairs? Daniel, I haven’t finished yet. Can we go for a walk tomorrow morning? Anagril will cook lunch and your father won’t leave the newspapers.’
‘Ok mum.’ Daniel wondered what else she wanted to say? ‘Come on its freezing.’

Beatty said the cold wind made her cry as an excuse for her red eyes. Anagril and Tim wanted to play Go, but Daniel supported his mother’s wish to watch Thor yet again. Wanting to please her, Anagril agreed, she kissed Tim on the cheek to win him over and so Thor it was. They slept well, not hearing the wind or the servant enter. He watched Anagril as she slept in Daniel’s arms.

It was easy to slip away the next morning to continue the story. Beatty and Daniel said they needed a walk after drinking so much. They were well away from the house before Beatty resumed the story.
‘Daniel, you look like your father, but inside you are like me, sensitive to what’s going on around you. I’ve told you the bones of the story but there’s more. I often wondered…’ They’d reached the path that led up to the top of the mound. Beatty said it was too steep to climb, she was still out of condition. So they changed direction and headed for the small wood instead, and sat on the old stone style.

‘Nick gave up his teaching post at the university soon after meeting Marianne and worked, like a man possessed, on his myths. Not that he’d ever make much money from them, unlike his teaching position, it was crazy. For all her strangeness Marianne was a scholar, she knew a great deal about his subject and helped him put everything together. Although he made excuses and said, writing the book was the reason he gave up teaching, that wasn’t strictly true. It was because Marianne was inept at anything to do with housework or cooking. Nick did everything unless I was there. When she came, she couldn’t even make a cup of tea, much less cook, even beans on toast. Nick said her grandmother did everything for her, but I kept getting this strange sensation something wasn’t right. Marianne improved but never learned to cook. So Nick looked after her. It was odd that even when she was heavily pregnant she’d walk for miles, in this direction, not returning home for hours. She always came back, but sometimes Nick worried and took a torch and looked for her.’

Beatty paused. ‘She was always vague about her family, and when she left, we found a good private investigator, the police were hopeless. We couldn’t find “hide nor hair” of her, or her supposed family. It was as if she’d never existed, there wasn’t even an NHS number.’
‘Mum, what are you trying to tell me?’
‘I don’t know where this leads, I found everything about Marianne strange - to be honest, disturbing. Perhaps she’s the reason the villagers believe Anagril is a fairy. They didn’t like Marianne either, but Anagril differs from her mother, she’s warm and kind. Your father and I talked, but he said I was obsessed, so I shut up. I couldn’t talk to Nick. Thanks for listening, it’s better to get that off my chest.’ They sat in silence for a while, until Beatty asked her son. ‘How are you and Anagril, Daniel?’
‘Ok, back to where we were before I stupidly asked her to marry me.’
‘Daniel it wasn’t stupid, just bad timing. Women are strange creatures and it was too soon after Nick’s death. I’m still numb, after your father, he was my best friend. Your father will get over it faster because he is grieving. He and Nick were best friends since they were eleven.’
‘I know mum.’
‘Nick made sure we got married,’ she laughed, ‘We’d never have given it a go without him. When we were children we did nothing but argue and now we’ve been married for nearly twenty-nine years,’ she smiled and brushed away tears.
‘Come on mum, it’s nearly twelve and you need a large sherry.’
‘Not again! I should drive home later, and your dad will want a pint before lunch.’
‘Go early tomorrow instead.’
‘I’ll check with your father.’

They walked back in silence. Beatty was much calmer after relating her bottled-up emotions about the most disturbing experience of her life. It seemed so long ago now. Daniel’s stomach churned and the hairs on his neck stood up. It was as if someone was watching him again, he turned around to look, nothing. They were soon at the house and no time to reflect on what his mother told him.



Chapter 4

Daniel’s parents left early the next morning. Anagril and Daniel went back to bed and were late getting up again.
‘It’s turned into a lovely day,’ said Anagril, opening the curtains. ‘Let’s take time off and sit on the mound and have lunch. We’ll be able to see for miles in this weather.’ His face registered no pleasure in her proposal. ‘What’s wrong Dan? We used to love sneaking off.’
Daniel smiled. ‘Ok, but I have to leave on Sunday night and I haven’t set up the new computers and TV. We’ve bought nothing to set up.’
‘You’re not usually so industrious. No excuses, we’re lucky to get a sunny day this time of year.’

Daniel looked out of the window. The hill looked as if it had been there forever. There’d been a few digs in the last ten years using modern equipment, but they hadn’t found a trace of an early king or chieftain, even a shard of pottery.
He kept going over the conversation with his mother, and the feelings he had about being watched. He didn’t want to leave Anagril alone, but he had to go back to London and help his father. It wouldn’t be a wise move to ask her to go with him again. She’d made it clear this was her home now.
‘Aggy, I’ve been thinking. I’m not happy about leaving you here alone.’
‘Why, it’s much safer here than in London.’
‘There is always a first time. Why don’t we get a dog? It will get you out and off the computer too. I know what you’re like when you work, you forget to eat sometimes. A dog would keep you in the real world.’
‘I’ve been thinking about a cat.’
‘Then get one of each. When you come to London, you can bring the dog and there’s a cattery not far from here. Mum likes animals, she wouldn’t mind if you brought both. I’ve wanted another dog since old Brillo died, we could share them.’
‘Why not, I miss my old cat too, she used to sneak into my bedroom in the winter and keep my feet warm. I’ll agree with that, but we are still having lunch on the hill. It’s ten thirty, I’ll organise lunch and you can Google for kennels.’

It was a glorious day. Anagril, full of energy, ran up the narrow track to the top. As always, she got there before Daniel, and he stopped and watched her enjoying the view, her glorious hair blowing around her knitted hat. Any other woman would find it hard to be glamorous in that, but not Anagril.
‘Come on, I must get Beatty to take you to the gym.’
‘I’m just enjoying the view Aggy,’ he was breathless, and she wasn’t even breathing hard.
Anagril was right, the clear day made this the ideal time for a picnic. They put the old rubber-backed rug on the grass and started on the sandwiches and coffee. Leaning back to back, enjoying the bright sun and clear skies. The village looked small from up here, and the cottage lonely and isolated.
‘Aggy who owns this land?’ asked Dan suddenly.
‘I do, I’d forgotten too,’ she pointed, ‘and the woods. And although there’s a public footpath I own the mound. Or should I say it’s on my land, and the fields around the house too. I suppose I should think about what to do with them, I haven’t time to be a farmer. Dad let Mr Boxham take the hay and run stock, but he always asked first. He’s getting old and may sell the farm and then I don’t know, perhaps offer it as agistment to townies with horses. Once dad’s family owned the land for miles around, but they sold a bit here and there, and these acres are all that’s left. I’ll keep them, dad wouldn’t want the land sold.’

On the walk back, Daniel had the same experience again, as if someone was watching, but this time, it wasn’t as threatening. Anagril noticed nothing amiss. He must imagine it but was concerned about leaving her alone in this isolated spot.

The rescue cat was easy, a four-month-old, grey bundle of energy with large green eyes, pretending she didn’t have a vicious bone in her body. The dog was harder to find, none suitable at the shelter, even though they wanted to give all the strays a home, and Daniel had to drag Anagril away. The shelter put them on to a private home that had a young ex-breeding bitch for sale.
They took the cat home, after visiting the pet shop for supplies, Daniel phoned to make an appointment to see the dog.
‘Dan, it will be difficult to train two animals at once. I can’t put both in the old kitchen at night.’
‘They’ll soon get used to each other and be able to have the run of the house, besides we can put the cat in the dining room for now. I’ll sort that out, it won’t take a minute.’

While he did that, Anagril took the anxious cat out of the cardboard travelling box. ‘Dan,’ she shouted out, ‘why are you so obsessed we get the dog before you leave?’
‘I want you to have the dog in case anyone prowls about at night. A dog always puts them off. YOU wanted the cat.’

As Daniel set out the room for the kitten, Anagril played with it. He heard her laughing as the curious cat led her on a voyage of discovery up the stairs. He soon finished making the kitten a comfortable, temporary home. Satisfied with his efforts he looked for Anagril. She sat in the sitting room, the little cat purring on her lap, he knelt beside her and stroked the kitten’s head and she purred even louder.
‘What’s her name, Aggy?’
‘Smokey and fluffy, might describe her but they are too ordinary, how about Clarissa?’
‘Too posh.’
‘Fay?’
‘That’s better.’
‘Then Fay you are little one.’
‘Let’s put her in the dining room. As soon as she’s eaten, she’ll fall asleep for a while. We need to see the dog.’

The animal wasn’t what Daniel had in mind, she was shy and timid, but she took to Anagril so they bought her, a two-year-old golden retriever. The dog stood up in the back of the Range Rover terrified, her eyes wide with fright. She wouldn’t get out of the car. Daniel carried her into the house. Anagril stroked and patted her, speaking softly, but the dog refused to move away from the front door and kept clawing at it, whining as she did so.
She couldn’t take this dog anywhere until she’d gained her trust, his idea of her coming regularly to London temporarily shattered. You stupid fool Dan, he thought.
Anagril stayed with the dog, now sitting on the mat by the door refusing to move, while Daniel went to check on the cat. As soon as he opened the door, the kitten rushed between his legs to freedom and Anagril, but when it saw the dog, it froze. Anagril looked at Dan as if to say, I told you so. Then the kitten crawled low towards her. The dog stopped whining and got up on all fours, but then the cat suddenly stopped and licked herself and the dog lay down again with a sigh.
Anagril slowly got up, and left them together and went into the kitchen.  Daniel prepared the dog food.

‘They like each other. Dan, what’s wrong?’
‘I’m sorry. You were right, this will be a lot of extra work, perhaps I should take the dog home, mum won’t mind.’
‘Yes, it will be more work, but it was a good idea. Thank you. This place has always needed something extra to make it into a real home and they are in the hall.’
The cat and dog pretended to ignore each other. Daniel watched Anagril’s rapturous face as she watched the animals and it made his heartache. He almost asked her to marry him again and as he was about to, she moved closer to the animals and the moment was lost. Daniel saw the woman he loved, lavish her affection on the new additions to her family. He was still afraid, for a reason he couldn’t fathom. He knew she’d marry him, then why this knot in his stomach.



Chapter 5

The dog whined all night, and Daniel got up several times to let her out. The cat did not want to be ignored either and meowed, trying to out-do the dog, so Anagril brought the cat upstairs, she settled at the end of the bed.

The messenger didn’t enter that night, he needed to befriend the animals before he went inside again. He wanted to see her, but when she made love to the man, it inflamed him until it was a pain. It was a sweet pain.
By Sunday the animals settled. The cat knew she was home and bossed around the dog, renamed Emma. Emma was still timid but trusted the two humans.

Daniel installed a new computer in the library. He needed to add another in the old study, Anagril suggested he use as his office. The library was more convenient for her to work, as she needed her dad’s books. He also set up the new wireless and connected a new Smart TV, and the old one to the net. All Anagril had to do was go through the boxes of papers and books before she filled up the shelves in the library. She’d been so desperate to get out of the London house after her father died, she’d packed up his papers without sorting them.

The cat shared the laundry, once the old kitchen, with the dog now, so they started work on the dining room. There may be three different sets of chairs around the long table but they looked fine together. They struggled to move larger pieces from the other rooms so it looked less like a monastery, curtains and rugs would make it even cosier.
‘I like the floorboards,’ she decided, ‘but it echoes, perhaps I need a carpet under the table.’
‘Aggy that won’t be easy, we’d need help, even with mum and dad we can’t lift it and roll a carpet out.’
‘Then we’ll get help. I have thought about getting an odd-job man, not local, maybe from another village.’
‘Yeah, it’s a good idea. I don’t fancy spending weekends in the garden.’
‘Neither do I, the house is enough.’
‘I have to go tomorrow. I’d like to stay longer but dad needs help to set up the office.’
‘Go home. I’ll be fine. We’ve moved the big furniture. Just the small items left. Then I can decorate.’
‘Oh, no!’
‘I’m not asking you to do it. I painted the kitchen.’

Sunday came too fast. Anagril and Daniel held tight to each other.
‘Please go, Dan, please.’
Anagril watched him leave from the sitting room window, upset and lonely as the lights from his car disappeared. Emma sensed her emotions and came to reassure her, Anagril grateful for the animal's company. On the kitchen bench, she saw an envelope and a small wrapped parcel. She opened the letter first.
Anagril, I’ll miss you. It’s corny but I’m not complete when we are apart. I won’t ask you to marry me again. If you change your mind, I will expect you to tell me. Don’t be mad at me, but in the box is the ring I brought you. Take it, wear it on your right hand. If you ever change your mind, just put it on your left and I’ll get the message.
In love and hope – Dan.

Anagril’s hands shook as she opened the box. The diamond sparkled in the artificial light, she first put it on her left hand, and then unsure, she changed it to her right. After washing up she watched television. Emma lay close by and the cat jumped onto her stomach.
The messenger looked in, Emma raised her head, and realising who it was, settled again. The cat’s ears twitched, but she didn’t move either. He slipped the bolt and undid the lock on the garden door, let himself in and closed the locks again.

Despite having the animals for company, Anagril missed Daniel. She put her energies into finishing the last of the downstairs rooms, and soon the grand sitting room at the front of the house was comfortable. Anagril smiled with satisfaction.
The garage overflowed with the unneeded junk, furniture, and boxes. Time for the rag and bone man, she had to get the unwanted rubbish out of the garage or Dan couldn’t get his car in. As if by magic, the next day a flyer arrived through the letterbox saying they cleared houses.
Anagril laughed and said to Emma. ‘Look at that Emma, isn’t that a coincidence, I was just going to Google, but I’ll phone these people before I take you for your walk.’

As yet, Emma hadn’t put the word walk and going on one, together. Anagril patted her head, wondering if she’d been on a walk in her past life.
She rang Ranagast Removals and a male voice answered, sounding unsure.
‘I received your flyer and wondered if you could help me? I’ve cleared out two homes and there are a lot of things I’d like removed.’
‘Yes. Can you give me an idea about what you have?’ the voice had a strange accent, French, Italian, something else? Anagril couldn’t decide.
She described the items and the man said a representative would call later that afternoon. Now to sort her father’s books and papers, some would join old toys and children’s books in the loft. Anagril was reluctant to start and wondered if she’d find out about her mother? So far nothing, her historian father would never throw marriage or birth certificates away, or anything else that might be of interest to posterity. Did she wonder if her mother even existed, maybe the fairies left her on the doorstep?
Even odder, no death certificate either. Anagril wanted to find out who she was and decided it was time for a thorough search, perhaps she’d missed something.

So engrossed in her work she forgot to stop for lunch, and it was just as she realised she was hungry when the doorbell rang. Emma barked but when Anagril went to see who it was, she was merrily wagging her tail. The rag and bone man? She peeped through the security hole, and saw a head in a woolly hat pulled low, and a pair of bright, grey eyes. She cautiously opened the door.
‘Ranagast Removals miss.’ It was a different man than the one who had answered the phone but he had the same, strange accent. ‘You’ve got some things to take away?’
He didn’t sound local, dressed in a rough, reefer jacket, and apart from the whiteness of his skin and pale, grey eyes, could he be a gipsy? No, perhaps not. She realised she was staring.
‘I have, sorry I forgot you were coming. I’ll get the keys to the garage and show you, won’t be a moment.’
She slipped on a jacket, and grabbed the keys from the hook in the kitchen, keeping Emma inside, she locked the front door. There was a small van parked in the drive. Another man waited there, he too wore a woollen hat and navy jacket. She couldn’t see his hair but noticed his eyebrows were blond. He was a head shorter than the man with dark eyebrows. Anagril opened the garage door and showed them what she wanted to get rid of. They both looked.
‘Yes, miss,’ said the tall one, ‘we can take that for you.’
‘Can you do it before the weekend?’
‘How much do you want for it?’
‘Nothing, just want it out of my way.’
‘Yes, we can do that. Your gardens a bit of a mess.’
Anagril agreed. ‘Yes, but right now I don’t have the time.’
‘I’m willing to work on it. I won’t charge too much and Owen here can help with anything difficult or heavy.’
‘Thank you, may I think about it. Mr…?’
‘Paul.’
‘How do I contact you, Paul?’
‘The same number, the boss is our uncle. Owen is my cousin.’
She looked into Paul’s eyes and there was a rush between her legs, she tried to cover up her embarrassment by dropping her eyes and moving away.
‘I’ll discuss it with my boyfriend,’ she said, ‘and if he agrees, I will contact you. Thank you, Paul, he hates gardening.’
Did she imagine it or was there a sudden flash of something in Paul’s eyes, anger perhaps?
‘Yes miss, thank you.’ She must have imagined it, Paul smiled. ‘As we have a van, would you like us to take a load away now?’
‘Please. Tell me when you are leaving so I can lock the garage.’

Still embarrassed she looked away. She shut the door and found she was breathing hard. ‘God Emma, it’s only Wednesday and Dan won’t be here until Friday. I must get a grip. I’m fancying the rag and bone man. Beatty’s right, I need to spend more time with people.’ She looked at Daniel’s ring on her finger and transferred it to her left hand. ‘I will marry you, Dan,’ she said. ‘Emma, you are not supposed to wag your tail when people come to the door, naughty girl.’ Emma wagged her tail even more.



Chapter 6

Daniel came on Thursday evening. As she put the dinner things away, she heard the bell and Emma barking. Anagril looked out of the sitting room window.
‘It’s Daniel. Emma, you crazy dog, get it right.’
‘Dad said I should come tonight as we’re making good progress with the fit.’
‘Oh Dan, I am so pleased. I missed you.’ She ran into his arms.
‘It’s freezing Aggy, you’ll catch a cold out here, and I need to put the car away before you drag me into bed.’
‘Oh, so that’s what you’ve come for, not to spend time with your almost best friend,’ she grinned.
‘You get sexier all the time, god knows if I’ll keep up with you in ten years!’
‘Rubbish, Dan I’ve missed you. I think your mum’s right, I’ll come to town for a couple of days a week.’
‘Good.’ Daniel saw the ring on her finger. ‘Anagril?’
‘Yes, Daniel, I’ll say it, will you marry me?’

Next morning it was foggy, and a laughing Anagril pushed Daniel out of bed to turn on the central heating before she’d get out.
‘Aggy set the timer.’
‘Sorry, forgot, to be honest, I tried to change it, but messed it up...’ He came back to bed shivering and put his icy feet and hands on her. ‘Dan, you beast!’
‘Aggy, you mean it don’t you?’ he looked serious, ‘you won’t change your mind?’
‘No Dan, I love you. I was confused after dad died and I’m not worldly-wise. I’ve not done much with my life. Never had a girlfriend, you and Cliff took me out to pubs and clubs. I’ve never been to Spain with the girls and got drunk and slept with a waiter. When you asked me to marry you, it was as if I’d not lived.’
 ‘We’ll travel together, but no waiters, please. Talking about travelling overseas, where shall we take our honeymoon?’
‘Dan you’ve spent your money on this ring,’ she laughed.
‘I’ll have to ask my future wife for a loan,’ he grinned back. 
‘Ok, but you must pay me back.’
‘What’s the interest rate?’
‘Me!’

As usual in the morning, Dan walked to the village for milk and newspaper. On his way out, he noticed half the old plane tree spread over the front lawn. He didn’t want to spend his precious time here with Anagril in the garden. Nick hated gardening too, he’d often talked about getting someone but never got round to it. It needed a lot of work. A large garden at the front and even larger at the back, with the orchard and pitiful remains of a vegetable patch. When he returned it was to the smell of bacon cooking.
‘Sit Dan, breakfasts ready.’ He spread his paper out while Anagril brought his breakfast, he learned the habit from his dad and didn’t like to read it on-line. ‘Don’t think you are having bacon and eggs every morning. I want you to live a long time, although there are ideas this may be better than muesli, who knows.’
Daniel smiled. ‘Anagril, most of the old plane tree is on the lawn.’
‘Yes, Tuesday night we had strong winds. Oh Daniel, sorry I meant to ask you. You hate gardening and I won’t have much time for a while. You must have noticed the rubbish is gone from the garage?’ Daniel nodded. ‘Well, one of the men who took it saw how messy the garden was and said he’d do the gardening. I said I’d have to ask my boyfriend first.’
‘It’s your house Aggy, it’s up to you.’
‘No, we’re engaged, it’s your home too. I worried about taking someone on, aren’t there rules?’
‘He probably wants cash in hand, no strings.’
‘Will you speak to him, Dan? If you think he’s ok, he can start.’
‘Why ask me, are you uneasy?’
She paused before answering. ‘No, but I’d like you to see him. I’ve got the number. Please.’
‘Ok, after breakfast.’

Paul came to see Daniel soon after he called. Anagril waited inside while Daniel spoke to him, but peeped out of the window. She saw them shake hands and Paul get back in the old van. She waited for Daniel’s verdict.

‘Well, Dan what did you think?’
‘Fine, but there again I’m not the best judge of a possible gardener. But we need help and he seemed to know what he was talking about. He mentioned his cousin does odd jobs too, might be handy. He’s not overcharging, and wants cash in hand.’
‘Fine, I must remember to go to the bank. We’re not breaking the law?’
‘Probably. He said he’d work every day until it’s under control, and then a day or two a week depending on the season.’
‘How clever of you to work that out.’
‘It wasn’t me Aggy, it was Paul.’

Anagril went back with Daniel so they could tell his parents the good news face to face. Beatty started crying, and Tim couldn’t stop smiling with delight, he then rushed out to buy champagne. Fay found a warm spot to sleep and Emma settled as they toasted the happy couple.

On Wednesday, a reluctant Anagril said goodbye to the people she loved. She heard the bride magazines sliding across the back seat and smiled remembering Beatty’s excitement.
The cottage was home, even without Daniel’s presence. Perhaps, because Anagril was happy for the first time since her father’s death.

She sat up late looking at the magazines and was still in bed the next morning when the doorbell rang. Paul - she’d forgotten. She leapt out of bed and put on her dressing gown and as usual, she couldn’t find the belt. She ran downstairs and pulled her gown close around her before opening the door, after checking who it was.
‘Did I get the time wrong?’
Anagril looked into his eyes for an instant. How smooth and clear his skin, like a girl, but there was nothing girlish about him. Anagril went hot and her face turned red.
‘No, I overslept, I should have set the alarm, but I usually wake. Sorry, I’ll get the keys to the garage. The tools are kept at the back, on the right of the car.’
She rushed into the kitchen, took a deep breath to compose herself, before walking back. His hands felt unusually warm as she handed him the keys.
‘As soon as I’m dressed, I’ll bring you coffee, or tea if you prefer?’ 
‘Tea thanks.’ He smiled for the first time, and Anagril saw how handsome he was, and had this crazy idea she should tell him to leave.

Emma and Fay needed feeding. As usual, when alone she spoke to the animals, Emma listened, if Fay didn’t.
‘Thank goodness I’m marrying Dan soon Emma, that man is far too attractive. I must stay away from him. If it looks as if I’m spending too much time with him, please bark at me and remind me. He’s strange isn’t he, and he smells nice. Sort of flowery, but it doesn’t smell like after-shave. Oh, Emma, I’m not happy about Dan’s travelling overseas. So dear dog, and you too Fay, help me until I get over this mad infatuation.’

The next morning Anagril made sure she was dressed when he called for the key. She was obsessed about not attracting this man. Get a grip will you Anagril, he’s been nothing but a gentleman, and he might be married with kids.



Chapter 7

Daniel came early Saturday morning as he’d been working late at the office. Paul was working in the garden. Daniel took him a cup of tea and chatted a few minutes. When he came back Anagril asked if he’d found out where he lived.
‘Yes, Pale Elms in West Eyton.’
‘West Eyton isn’t even on the map. Pale Elms must be the old farm.’
‘Yes, they’ve just moved here, it’s in a bad state of repair, they’re doing most of the work themselves. So the extra money he earns here helps.’
 ‘Dan, I know where Pale Elms is. It’s not far, let’s have a peep, it’s just over the other side of the mound. The old lady who owned it died about two years ago and I remember dad saying it was in a bad way.’
‘I remember, a nice walk, it’s not far down the old lane, we used to go there as children. He has a plait,’ said Daniel, as they put on their coats.
‘Who has?’
‘Paul.’
‘I’ve never seen it, he always wears that knitted hat. What colour is it?’
‘It’s dark, even darker than mine. Odd bloke - can’t imagine going for a pint with him.’
‘Give it time Daniel, if you want a pint, I’ll go with you, why don’t we go to the pub on the way back? I don’t care what they think of Miss Hayton, in a few months I’ll be Mrs Grieves.’

The farm was set back a long way from the road so they couldn’t see if anyone was home, but there was a van parked near the house.
‘Can’t see much from here Aggy, you don’t want to walk up to the house do you?’
‘No, we’d be snooping.’
‘We are.’
‘Come on, let’s go to the pub.’
But just then Emma took it into her head to jerk the lead out of Dan’s hand and dashed through a hole in the thick hedgerow and ran up to the farmhouse. They shouted to come back, but she disappeared.
‘She’s never run off before Dan.’
‘Stay here.’ Daniel climbed over the gate and ran up the long drive.
‘Hello,’ he shouted, as he got closer and went into the farmyard. It seemed deserted. Emma came back, he told her off, but as usual, she wagged her tail. There were no curtains at the windows and Daniel knocked on what looked like a kitchen door. No reply, so he looked through the window, nothing inside but an old stone sink. Emma dragged him over to an old outhouse, through the open door he recognised the boxes and discarded furniture from Anagril’s garage. Odd, something wasn’t right.
Anagril arrived. ‘I was worried about Emma.’
‘She’s sniffing around your old stuff over there,’ Daniel pointed. ‘Well it’s the place all right, but apart from your rubbish it’s deserted, there again he said they were renovating.’
‘Yes, but it doesn’t appear as if anyone lives here does it, perhaps they are renting until it’s more liveable?’
‘Must be. Oh well, come on, I’m hungry. I think we might as well have lunch at The Wizard.’

Daniel soon forgot his misgivings and had two pints to Anagril’s half, and a huge plate of spicy Spanish fish and potatoes.
‘It’s beans on toast for you tonight Dan after eating all that, and finishing mine off too.’
‘I don’t mind.  Do you want to go to the pictures later?’
‘Depends.’
 ‘I’ll get the paper at the Post Office, I meant to buy a one.’ He got up, Anagril was struck again how like his dad, wanting a newspaper instead of trying his phone for the sessions.
The pub didn’t feel unfriendly when she was with Daniel, but as soon as he left it changed. Saturday lunch was busy, as usual, the publican’s wife glared at her. Anagril, irritated, gave her similar scrutiny with an added lift of her fine eyebrows. The woman was visibly shaken as if she were afraid, her eyes wide with what, fright? Anagril took a sip from her beer and when she looked up again the woman had gone. Dan was back.
‘What’s on, have you looked?’
‘Nothing interesting. A grunt film with that martial arts guy, it’s got a bad write up, or the one about two couples married to the wrong people.’
‘The grunt film.’
Daniel rolled his eyes. ‘Bloodthirsty woman, it starts at 4.30, come on we need to go back and get changed, but you will have to drive,’ he drained his glass.

Emma was nervous and quiet, although the only dog there, and ecstatic when they left.
‘Poor Emma, it’s all right darling.’ She nearly knocked Anagril off her feet. ‘You’re quiet Aggy,’ said Daniel as they walked back.
‘Sorry, I’ve just been thinking about something. I gave the publican’s wife a glare to match hers. She looked terrified. I don’t understand why she’d be frightened of me.’
‘I can’t imagine either,’ Daniel said, but he had the fluttery sensation in the pit of his stomach again. ‘Come on let’s get a move on, so we can look around the shops before the film starts.’

Paul finished early, he’d left the tools neatly stacked at the side of the garage for Daniel to put away.
‘We should get Paul a key for the garage and he wouldn’t need to disturb you, anything valuable in there?’ asked Dan.
‘No, a few tools, oh and upstairs dust and dead insects. It hasn’t been used since we played there as children.’
‘Aggy, with that big downstairs loo and sink it’d make a good flat. There’s room to add a shower and you could either divide the big room upstairs or leave it and have a studio flat.’
‘What for, not Paul?’
‘Oh no, not Paul. He’s too good looking to be that close to my woman.’
‘My woman - Dan how dare you? Is he good looking?’
‘Well, I’m not a woman but I suppose he is - don’t tell me you haven’t noticed. Mum will tell you, she’s got an eye for a handsome man.’
‘Only if he looks like Chris Hemsworth,’ added Anagril.



Chapter 8

They had a spare key cut for Paul. Then Daniel dragged Anagril into a small dress shop because he saw a dress he liked in the window.
The sales assistant was in raptures over Anagril. ‘Oh sir, your fiancé looks gorgeous - few girls could wear that dress.’
Daniel agreed and promptly paid for it.
‘Dan, I love it, but where can I wear it? It’s far too revealing.’
‘In Paris on our honeymoon, before we set off for Egypt, every man who sees you will be jealous.’
‘Dan…’
‘Why not? I know how much you want the see the pyramids, we’ll do the full shebang, I’m not a complete pauper, I’ve still got gran’s money. It’s unsettled there, but Jack and his girlfriend went a month ago, and said it was a good tour and they felt safe.’
‘No Dan, that’s your inheritance, your gran said for a rainy day, not a sunny one. I haven’t spent as much as I expected on the house, I can finance it.’
‘Are we going to have our first disagreement as an engaged couple?’ said Dan with a serious expression, although his eyes twinkled.
‘No, we are not. I admit Paris and then Egypt sounds perfect, but why not share the costs, or it’s Bournemouth!’

Dan and Anagril enjoyed the film. As they came out, they saw Owen waiting in the foyer. Anagril remembered him, said hello and introduced him to Daniel. He looked different out of his work clothes, his long, blond hair tied back in a ponytail and wearing smart jeans and a leather jacket. Paul came over to join them. He looked different too, dressed like his cousin, but he wore his long, dark hair loose, Anagril rarely liked long hair on men, but it suited him, Owen, too. Daniel was right, she had to admit it, Paul was good looking. Gregarious Dan invited them for a drink. They’d caught the bus, so he offered them a lift home.

The bar was crowded, but they managed to get a table. Daniel and Paul went to the bar. Anagril asked Owen to keep their seats while she went to powder her nose. As she came back three young men, who’d had a few drinks too many tried to chat her up.
Paul put drinks on the table and as Daniel was still at the bar went to her rescue. As if by magic, as he approached the crowd appeared to disperse, he put his arm under Anagril’s as if to claim her as his own. For Anagril it was as if for a moment, the world was drifting away, and then it speeded up, before returning to normal.
Dan came to help her and he took her from Paul. ‘Thanks, Paul, I didn’t see it. You all right Aggy?’
‘Yes, they’d had too much to drink. It’s fine.’ She was used to dealing with young men, she wanted only Daniel her mind insisted.
Daniel and Paul got on well, but she noticed Paul coughed.
‘It’s the smoke,’ said Owen, as if in answer to her unasked question, ‘he has asthma, that’s why he prefers to work outside, luckily he’s ok around plants, but smoke and pollution set him off.’
‘I hope he’s not suffering too much, it’s smoky in here with the fire. You live just the other side of the mound don’t you?’
‘Yes, Pale Elms.’
‘There aren’t any Elms,’ she smiled.
‘No, I believe they were felled a while ago.’
‘We had to go to your house the other day. Emma, our dog bolted up your driveway. There wasn’t anyone home. Are you living there while you are renovating it, it looked deserted?’
‘Yes, we brought it recently. It’s rough, but three single men don’t have to live like a woman.’
Anagril smiled again. ‘No, I need a warm bathroom and a decent kitchen.’

The messenger watched her face as she was drawn into the conversation. No wonder men wanted her, so beautiful, and different from the women of his race, her face kind, not cruel. Oblivious to her beauty or didn’t care, she didn’t flaunt her sexuality as other women with less did. His eyes went from her face to her cleavage and then to her hands around her lemonade glass, beautiful hands, Scalfan hands.
At first, his master refused to consider courting that “human woman” as he called her. But his father forced him to come to Thrangil, where Loneghan planned their future. Once he’d seen her he’d changed his mind and now he wanted her and was angry she had shaken off Orist’s conditioning and taken this Daniel back. Worse, they planned to marry. No matter if the Revered One said the man should not be harmed, Penegulan intended him serious harm, he wanted him dead.  And up to him, a simple Calpin, to make sure he kept Daniel alive. He’d not experienced love before, it was a confusing emotion but he realised what this strange sensation was. He loved Anagril. Unlike his master who didn’t care how he got her, the messenger wanted her to be happy and safe.
The smoke in the room made Paul’s cough worse, so Daniel suggested they pick up pizzas and go back to the cottage. While they excused themselves for a moment, Dan asked Anagril if she minded them coming back.
‘No, you’re right, we need friends here. I find them mysterious, don’t you?’
‘Not really, I’ve had a good chat with Paul, and the more I get to know him the happier I am.’
‘Did you ask them where they originate?’
‘Yes, they’re English, but they’ve lived abroad a lot. Their uncle has just retired from his job as a plant biologist. He used to help people match crop to the soil, he worked in the third world as well as Europe. Paul said they went to boarding school here but spent the rest of the time with him.’
‘Going to boarding school you’d expect them to speak with a plum, it’s only a slight accent, but I don’t recognise it.’

The messenger helped Anagril with her coat. As he did, he touched her neck for a moment, and said to himself, ‘My job is to keep you safe my lovely mistress and I will, I promise.’

Paul helped Anagril with plates for the pizzas as Daniel organised glasses and drinks. Paul’s hands briefly touched hers and they both jumped and looked at each other. She had that odd sensation again, followed by desire.
‘Let’s sit in the old sitting room,’ suggested Daniel.
Daniel took Emma into the garden. Owen went to the bathroom. Anagril was nervous left alone with Paul.
‘When are you getting married Anagril?’
‘June or July, Dan’s mother is arranging it. I wouldn’t have a clue where to start. When I go up to town next week she wants to find my dress,’ Anagril laughed, ‘she’s more excited than I am.’
‘Anagril, that’s a strange name?’
‘My mother gave it to me, she died soon after I was born,’ she added, ‘I lost my father six months ago.’
‘Yes, Daniel told me, I’m sorry.’ He leant over to fill her glass. Anagril saw his arms were as smooth and hair-free as his face, like hers, devoid of hair.
He looked at her, and Anagril suffered that unwelcome lust again. Oh, Daniel, she thought to herself, come back, I find him attractive.

Anagril snuggled up to Daniel on the sofa. The messenger saw the brief flash of anger in his master’s eyes. When they returned he’d be beaten.
They stayed until late. Paul and Daniel enjoyed themselves, but Anagril and Owen were uneasy. Goodbyes were cordial, agreeing to make it a regular occurrence. The cousins insisted they could walk home, the moon was bright, and Owen produced a tiny torch. Daniel and Anagril left the washing up and went straight to bed.

As anticipated, his master was angry. Instead of the beating he expected, Penegulan went straight to his chamber to take medicine for a cough.
Loneghan called and he hurried to him. ‘What happened Orist?’
‘We are being accepted, more so by the man,’ he bowed his head.
‘And how is your master?’
The messenger was compelled to tell the wizard the truth. ‘He has changed his mind about the girl, he wants her now Revered One.’ Loneghan looked relieved. Orist added in a whisper. ‘He will try to kill the man so he can have her.’
‘Then you will have to be observant and make sure it doesn’t happen. The girl is no fool, she’ll realise she’s different from the humans, and if anything happens to this man she loves, we might lose everything. He must be patient, there’s plenty of time.’
‘Yes, Revered One.’
‘From now your role is changed. Protect the man too, at all cost Orist. She is unique, and plenty of other princes to take Penegulan’s place.’
Orist bowed his way out and went to rest on his bed, imagining his lovely mistress putting her arms around him



Chapter 9

Daniel went home Sunday evening. Anagril sorted her DVD’s and Blu-rays for something to watch but wasn’t in the mood. Restless and unable to settle, she looked through her father’s private papers. She put them in piles, old bills to be thrown away, things to be kept. She couldn’t find anything about her mother. In an old cardboard folder marked Myths, amongst old notes, she found a thin book. This wasn’t like her father, his books were carefully catalogued, not kept in a folder amongst old papers. She pulled it out, Faerie Tales by L.W. Holdsworthy. A fragile book, the pages brown with age, this edition dated 1898. One of those cheap copies sold to titillate the uneducated, and cost a halfpenny, no wonder it looked as if it would fall apart if she touched it. Anagril took it from the folder, intending to read it in bed. It was well after midnight when she finished emptying the last of the boxes. She was still restless but decided she must get some sleep. She made two hot-water bottles and took them upstairs with a mug of hot milk and honey.

The messenger observed her finding the book he planted. Anagril fell asleep holding it, without having read much. He carefully took it from her hand and put it on the table beside the bed. He watched her sleep until she stirred and then he moved out of the room. Braver now, not only was her safety his responsibility but her Daniel too. On Tuesday he’d follow her to London as usual. He used the train because if he hid in the car, unlike a human, she might sense him. There he was free, neither Penegulan nor Loneghan could go there for long and live, but he could. They might despise him for his low birth, but he could go anywhere on the surface.
He’d lived in the attic in her father’s London house for a while before the murder.  Loneghan ordered him to make her father fall asleep at the wheel. Then suggest to Anagril she should live at the cottage because she wanted to leave the memories of the London house. But when he suggested she didn’t love Daniel, he failed. Her love for him was strong. Now he was free for two whole days a week, no one to berate or beat him.

Anagril parked in the lane behind her old London home and went to get the keys to open the gates and park in the open space beside the large garage. Beatty met her walking up the path and gave her the keys. They hugged each other.
‘Am I glad to see you Anagril, I miss having another woman around, those two men are driving me mad.’
‘Who’s been gardening Beatty?’
‘Not Daniel, if that’s what you are hoping. It’s Tim, can you believe it?’
‘No, I can’t. It looks so different.’
‘He has big plans, it’s huge after our last postage stamp. He wants a gazebo here and a fishpond there.’
‘Fay and Emma would love that. I’d better get the animals out of the car.’
Beatty carried an unhappy, loudly meowing Fay in her basket, while Anagril dealt with Emma.
Once inside they opened Fay’s basket, she ran off up the stairs.
‘We can’t let her outside,’ said Beatty, ‘the litter is in the hall, behind the stairs.’
‘I wish I could leave her home, I thought about asking Paul if he’d mind looking after her when we are away. I think I will when I get back, Fay’s a typical cat likes her own home best.’ Emma too was uneasy for a while but, unlike Fay, she soon settled.
‘Where are Dan and Tim, downstairs?’
‘No, out for lunch, business lunch as they call it. Remember Dave Hackett?’ asked Beatty.
‘Yes, a nice man with sandy hair, his wife died a few years ago.’
‘Tim and Dave are old colleagues. They’re discussing merging businesses.’
‘But Tim’s just started his new business.’
‘They’ve lots of work, as Daniel will have told you, too much, Daniel’s had three short trips already. Tim has a good reputation in the business. Dave has no family and doesn’t mind the travelling, or to be honest the danger.’ Anagril looked puzzled. ‘It’s my idea. I don’t want you putting up with Daniel away most of the time, and there’s still more business in the Middle East than Europe. It would only be for a few days at a time - not weeks. If Dave joins us then Daniel will be home more.’
‘Is Dan all right with it?’
‘What do you think Anagril? He’s all for it, he wants you to be happy.’
‘We will be Beatty, don’t worry.’
Beatty was sentimental again and Anagril passed her the tissues. They had a quick sandwich for lunch and headed for the tube station so Beatty could show Anagril the bridal shops. 

Two shops later and Anagril was fed up of frills and froufrou. Third one lucky, Anagril saw one she liked. It was simple, elegant, and very expensive. She said, ‘Oh no,’ when she looked at the price, but Beatty insisted she tried it on.
It was cut on the bias, a plain, white jersey that clung tight to her figure. It had thick straps and cut low at the back into a V-shape. Anagril looked stunning.
‘Oh madam, your daughter looks exquisite.’ Beatty didn’t correct her. The perfectly groomed saleswoman owned the shop and had an overwhelming urge to tell Anagril to take it, it’s yours. But she resisted the unusual mad urge. Anagril kept saying it was too expensive. 
‘I love it Beatty, but I wasn’t expecting to pay so much for a dress I’ll never wear again. It’s more expensive than those fussy ones.’
‘We will take it,’ said Beatty, determined her son would never forget Anagril on their wedding day. ‘I am buying it Anagril!’ Beatty repeated stubbornly.
Anagril backed down for appearance sake, but the argument wasn’t over yet.
‘Then I will take your measurements. Is the fabric to your liking? There is an alternative.’
‘No,’ said Beatty firmly, ‘that fabric.’
‘It would be wise to find the head-dress now?’ suggested the woman.
Anagril let the two women investigate headdresses. Paul’s face kept appearing - she was annoyed thinking about him at such a time.
‘Anagril, wake up,’ Beatty interrupted, ‘do you want a veil?’
‘Sorry, miles away. No, I’d rather not, what about flowers?’
‘Flowers in the hair are dated, but I agree the traditional veil would hide the cut of the dress, and it should be seen,’ agreed the owner. ‘May I suggest this?’ She held up a piece of fine, gossamer, soft fabric. ‘This tiny veil is good quality and falls better than the more traditional stiff veil brides choose,  it lays like a mist over the hair. What about this?’ She moved to pick up a fine silver wire circlet, set with tiny white crystals.
The veil fell softly as far as her shoulders and the wire circlet was so fine it looked as if the crystals had a life of their own.
‘Beatty?’
‘Yes, perfect,’ she agreed. ‘Thank you for your help, we weren’t expecting to find everything so easily.’
‘We aim to make your choices easy Madam. Mrs…?’
‘Grieves.’
‘And Miss Grieves, is there anything else?’
‘It’s Miss Hayton,’ Beatty corrected.
‘So sorry Miss Hayton, I thought you were mother and daughter?’
‘Beatty is the same as my mother, she brought me up,’ said Anagril. ‘Most people assume the same. I am marrying her son.’
‘How romantic, and how fortunate.’

 ‘I need a drink Anagril and I don’t mean a coffee.’
As it was after lunchtime, the wine bar was empty.
‘That was too easy Beatty. I can pay for my dress, please let me?’
‘No, that’s a present from me. Tim and I will pay for the wedding. We’ve discussed it. You are as much as our daughter as Daniel is our son. We want you to keep your money for your life together.’
‘Beatty!’
‘No buts, Anagril, you will be the most beautiful bride, ever! Daniel will melt when he sees you coming down the aisle.’
The waiter came. ‘A bottle of champagne please, what do you have?’ asked Anagril.

On the way home, Anagril bought another couple of bottles. Daniel, Tim, and Dave sat in the kitchen waiting for them to return. Daniel took the champagne from Anagril and put it in the freezer to cool.
‘I’d say you’ve been hitting the bottle,’ he said smiling, ‘what’s the occasion?’
‘Anagril’s ordered her dress,’ supplied Beatty smugly. ‘Just wait until you see her. And we refuse to cook tonight, so you will have to get takeaway unless one of you feels like doing the honours.
‘It’s wonderful news for everyone, Anagril,’ said Dave looking happy. ‘I’m very pleased you and Daniel are getting married.’
‘Thanks, Dave,’ Anagril knew Dave and his wife well, he was devastated when she died.
‘Where are you getting married?’
‘Beatty, where are we getting married?’
‘Neither of you is religious, but there’s a lovely little Wren church in the City. I can get a booking in July, not June, and I was very lucky to get that.’
‘Daniel says you’re thinking of a honeymoon in Egypt? It’s not a good time to visit,’ said Dave, ‘it’s hot that time of year.’
‘Yes, Tim said so too. We’re thinking of going to Paris after the wedding, and then going to Egypt later in the year when it’s cooler.’
‘That’s a good idea,’ agreed Dave. ‘Even when you’re used to these places it can be damned uncomfortable.’
‘Beatty, why are we still sitting in the kitchen?’ asked Tim. ‘Let’s move into the sitting room. I’ll feed Emma and Fay if I can find her, she finds funny places to sleep.’

Dave and Tim were alone in the kitchen.
‘How’s Anagril,’ Dave asked, ‘she must miss Nick, you must too.’
‘Yes, I do. We’d been friends since childhood. Anagril is coming to terms with it, it’s only a few months, and as you saw she still gets teary sometimes. Beats the same, so this wedding is just what we need. It was a close-run thing - she turned him down the first time.’
‘Yes, Beatty said.’
‘Anyway, that’s all over now. Grab the other bottle will you Dave? The girls are determined to celebrate, though I’d rather have a beer and you have to drive home, hopeless time for a taxi.’
They talked about the new partnership and the wedding until ten o’clock when Dave said he should go home.

‘Poor Dave, he’s still not over Grace,’ said Beatty, ‘The new partnership should help all of us.’
Daniel chased Anagril up the stairs, Emma whined.
‘Daniel!’ shouted his father, ‘have you forgotten the dog? Emma needs a walk or at least to be let out in the garden.’
They descended the stairs.
‘Oh Emma darling, I’m sorry.’ Anagril said and got the lead while Daniel found their coats under the stairs.
Tim smiled. ‘There will be a lifetime for that son,’ he whispered. Daniel smiled back.

The next day Beatty took Daniel and Anagril to see the church and they agreed it would be a lovely setting for the wedding. The only thing left to organise was the reception.
‘I’ve been putting out feelers,’ she said, ‘nowhere suitable yet, either too formal or too tacky. What do you think about a marquee in the garden? At the moment it’s still big enough if we stop Tim starting his projects, and the costs are less than a reception room. What do you two think?’
‘We’ll leave it to you mum,’ said Daniel, and Anagril nodded.
‘What would you do without me?’
‘Elope,’ said Daniel grinning.




Chapter 10

The messenger left for the train as Anagril got into her car.  Daniel came to the cottage, Thursday, Friday or even Saturday depending on how busy they were. And Anagril went to London on Tuesday and came back late on Wednesday. The messenger went too.
Daniel had two short trips overseas while Dave was busy with the lucrative Dubai and other Gulf interests. Beatty and Anagril were relieved he’d be home more, it wasn’t the safest place to do business nowadays, but there again, it wasn’t safe anywhere.
Everyone was coming to the cottage for Christmas, Dave included. Anagril asked Paul what they were doing for Christmas lunch. He looked vague and sorry for him, she blurted out. ‘Why don’t you and Owen come here, and bring your uncle. We have that huge table and the more the merrier. You’d be most welcome.’
He looked surprised, surely in this day and age he didn’t believe the gardener shouldn’t join them for Christmas lunch? Paul and Owen had been to dinner several times. When Daniel wasn’t around Paul stayed away, eating lunch outside or in the garage. Anagril was relieved, she still found him disturbing, and Beatty made it worse after meeting him for drinks one evening.
‘My goodness, Paul’s a good looker isn’t he Anagril? Daniel, you must keep an eye on them.’
From Daniel’s indulgent smile, he didn’t believe his beloved Anagril would ever stray. But Anagril had a deep fear Paul wanted her too. With Owen it was different, she was at ease with him and safe. When she looked into Paul’s eyes she wanted to say, ‘I want you, please come to bed?’ The question would pop into her mind every time she spoke to him, but she managed not to say it. It was crazy, she loved Daniel. She wished the infatuation would go away, for that’s all this was. When the madness wore out, then they’d be friends.
Paul accepted the invitation for himself and Owen but said his uncle was staying with his sister for a while.
Anagril tried hard not to gaze into his eyes. She stammered something about her coffee getting cold and resisted the urge to run. She should tell him to go away and never to come back. No, it wasn’t his fault, she had to learn control while still in the grip of this madness, at least he never made a move to touch her.

She’d briefly looked through the old book she’d found in her father’s work, but as she’d started her own novel, she didn’t have the time or inclination to read. The first revision of her father’s book was with the publisher, who waited on artists to submit the new illustrations. Her father’s long-time publisher Judith was a good friend. Knowing Beatty liked her, she asked if she’d like to join them for Christmas. To her surprise, the business-like lady accepted, saying it had saved her from a Christmas from hell with her sister’s children in Brighton.
One freezing Sunday night after Daniel left, she remembered the book still on her bedside table and decided she must read it as she finished the bottle of wine from lunch. She ran upstairs to get it and turned up the central heating before getting comfortable on the couch. Emma snored on the rug next to her and Fay, jumped up on Anagril’s stomach to get warm.
It was a short book, with strange old-fashioned illustrations. It started by saying the term little people was a misdemeanour, most fairies were taller than the average human and looked like them. The only way you could be certain someone was a fairy was that, whilst they had fine heads of hair, their bodies were hairless.
If Anagril had hairs on her neck, they would have stood up. She read the passage again. Fay knew she was upset and went to find a more settled place to sleep, close to Emma.

Anagril refilled her glass and paced the room. The messenger saw she was agitated and longed to comfort her, not as the messenger but as her friend Owen. She needed help to cope with the turmoil. She finished the wine, swore, and went under the stairs to find another, so unlike her.
After she’d opened the bottle, she put it on the small table next to the sofa, as if she meant to drink more of it. She read the rest of the book, nothing new, apart from a footnote saying fairies became sick if they came near human cities because of the smog. She remembered Paul and his cough and his smooth skin and the way she obsessed about him.
Fairies lived underground away from humans because they could die of smoke sickness. She read on, she already knew how to get into a fairy mound. Seven times around anti-clockwise, and then the secret words to be let in, that the mischievous fairies would whisper to the soul stupid enough to want the supposed fairy gold. Most never came out, but died of madness or hunger in the dark, unfriendly world, mercilessly teased by the cruel sprites.
Anagril put the book down, thoughts confused and body shaking, but with what? Don’t be ridiculous Anagril, get a grip, you are not a fairy, neither is Paul. Owen has stubble on his chin and hairy arms and they are cousins.
‘I’m being silly Emma,’ she said aloud, but the feeling persisted.

She poured another glass of wine and paced the room again. The messenger watched from a clink in the door. He longed to show himself and offer her comfort and tell the truth, but he must do as he was bid. The seeds sown, the doubts planted. Loneghan’s long-planned scheme now well underway, there was no going back. The wizard would be interested in his report this morning.
Anagril drank too much and fell asleep. Orist took the half-full glass from her hand, covered her up with the throw, and turned the heating down. He watched her sleep until the sun rose. Before he left, he bent to kiss her, as he did she stirred, and moving like the wind he disappeared from the room. He moved fast and unseen to report to the other two.

His master was in his room, he’d be working as her gardener, as he did every Monday. Today, planting bulbs for the spring. The garden was under control so he worked one day a week until the better weather.
Loneghan was pleased she’d read the book Orist planted. But like the messenger worried about her state of mind, he told the servant to rest and went to find Penegulan.
‘Your Lady read the book we left. Orist says she’s distressed. Find a reason to stay longer today.’ Penegulan nodded, he was succeeding, she was disturbed by his presence when they were alone together. That was why he had listened to Loneghan’s warning not to force her into bed. As they suspected he had his own agenda and soon he intended to carry out his plan.

Anagril woke up as the yellow wintry sun came in the window. What was she doing here on the couch? She remembered and sat up expecting to find her head pounding, but she didn’t have a hangover. How upset she’d been after reading the book, especially the part which said fairies have no body hair. She dismissed the odd idea and laughed, what on earth could I have been thinking?
Emma was whining to go out, so she opened the old kitchen door into the garden and Fay went out with her.  The animals soon came back, Fay for her morning food and Emma for her cornflakes. It was seven-thirty and Anagril, tired and grubby, had a quick shower and climbed naked into bed. It was still cold, she regretted not finding her pyjamas but could not be bothered to get up again and soon fell asleep.
She woke up to the doorbell ringing and looked at her phone, eleven o’clock? It had to be Paul. He didn’t knock before starting work, but she always took him tea about nine. Shivering, she reached for her dressing gown. As usual, the belt was missing. She ran down the stairs shouting ‘I’m coming.’
As expected, it was Paul. ‘I’ve been ringing the doorbell for ages, are you ok?’
‘Yes, had a bad night.’
Paul stepped into the hall. She clutched at her dressing gown.
‘I’ll get dressed. Why don’t you put the kettle on?’

She ran upstairs brushed her teeth, and her hair, and climbed into her jeans, and still freezing, she found a thick, loose jumper. The heating was on, why was she so cold? She supposed because she’d drunk too much.
The state of the kitchen gave her away, three bottles of wine, one hardly touched, and one glass.
‘Do you want to talk about it?’ asked Paul, out of character. If Owen asked she wouldn’t be surprised, but Paul never got personal.
‘Nothing to tell, just missing Dan,’ she lied.
‘You never drink much - three-four small glasses at the most.’
‘It’s not as bad as it looks - the first bottle was nearly empty.’
‘You are making excuses,’ interrupted Paul.
‘I suppose I am, but it isn’t any of your business.’

He had the sense not to reply but made a pot of brewed coffee. He filled a mug and handed it to her. Their hands touched, confused she put her mug down and went to Emma to hide her embarrassment. The dog was in the hall. Paul moved at the same time and they bumped into each other. The touch of his body sent a shock right through her. He came closer and looked into her eyes. His told her everything. She let him pull her to him and kiss her, and one hand went up her sweater to cup a breast. Horrified at what happened, she pulled away and ran up the stairs.
She heard Paul shouting, he was sorry.
Confused she sat on the small wooden bench on the landing. She admitted she wanted him, and she shouldn’t have let him kiss her. She wanted him to touch her, everywhere and she didn’t even like him that much. She much preferred Owen, but he didn’t make her feel as if she were on fire. Paul was coming up the stairs.
‘Anagril, I won’t touch you again I promise. I’m so sorry, I never meant to. Please, Anagril.’ She looked scared, her eyes wide with fright. ‘Anagril I’m going outside now, I’ll never be alone with you again. Anagril please accept my apology?’
‘Ok, I will, I should tell you to leave and never come back, but I will give you another chance, just one,’ she refused to look at him. ‘I accept your apology because I’m sorry too, I let you kiss me.’
‘I’ll take Emma for her morning walk; you go back to bed and rest. Please don’t cry.’
‘Thanks, I will. I am tired. Please go away Paul.’

He nodded and went downstairs, Anagril sat there listening to Emma getting excited about her walk and the door closing behind them. Listlessly, she found an old tracksuit to wear and then climbed back into bed. She cried because she’d like to see Paul’s head on the pillow beside her. She tried to think of Daniel but she couldn’t chase Paul’s face from her mind or the touch of his cool lips on hers.



Chapter 11

Anagril woke at two in the afternoon with a sick headache, it had to be tension. So much had happened lately. First, her father dying, then the stress of getting married, the stupid little book and those crazy ideas, and worse her feelings for Paul. She’d wanted to kiss him, and more, much more. She took a deep breath, she’d get over it, she determined to, and must face him.
Paul was cutting back the old hawthorn hedge, at the end of the long garden near the footpath up the hill. He’d taken off his jacket, she watched his plait move as he sawed a thick, misshapen branch.
‘Paul, lunch? I’m sorry it’s late, I didn’t mean to sleep so long.’
He smiled at her as if nothing had happened. ‘Thank you Anagril. It’s hard work cutting back this hedge.’
Anagril smiled back, but when she turned to go back into the house, his face changed, his thoughts cruel. ‘Anagril you are driving me to this if you’d let me make love to you as we both want…’

When Paul left, Anagril phoned Beatty saying she was unwell. Beatty was worried, she’d never known Anagril to be ill.
‘It’s ok Beatty, probably the stress of the wedding on top of everything else, it’s finally got to me. I don’t want to drive up to London tomorrow…’
‘Hold on a minute darling?’ Beatty went away for a few moments, ‘Anagril why don’t I come to you instead?’
‘I’d like that.’
‘Here’s Daniel.’
‘Aggy, what’s wrong?’
‘Just tired. It’s everything happening at once, I’ll be fine soon.’
Anagril imagined Beatty and Daniel looking at each other. She told him she loved him and said, wasn’t he always telling her she needed a rest? As she put the phone away the doorbell rang, she hoped it wasn’t Paul again. It was Owen, and relieved, she smiled.
‘Paul said you weren’t well, I thought you’d like flowers, and the oranges are to help you get better.’
‘A whole bag! How kind, thank you, Owen. Please come in, I was just going to put on the kettle.’
Owen wasn’t wearing his work clothes but his smart leather jacket and his blond hair loose. He was handsome too, but different to Paul, who disturbed her so much. She had the same ease in his company as she did with Cliff.
‘How are you Anagril?’
‘I’m fine, just under the weather, I’m tired and lazy, so unlike me. Beatty’s coming, she’ll get me organised. The wedding is dominating everything.’ She smiled and Owen’s heart beat faster. ‘Would you like tea or coffee, or there’s beer. I suppose Paul told you I drank too much last night.’
Owen didn’t reply in the affirmative. ‘It’s probably your father’s death, delayed shock.’
‘Yes, I expect so.’
Owen accepted the glass of beer and sat on the couch, he was pleased when Anagril sat beside him.
‘Owen, are you available to help decorate the cottage, Paul says you’re good at painting and decorating? It doesn’t matter when you start, but I’d like the major rooms finished before getting married. I’d do it, but Dan says I’m doing too much, he’s right.’
‘Yes, Anagril. Business is slow so I can start soon.’ His heart continued to beat loud and fast - to spend each day close to her….
‘Thanks, Owen, everything is in good repair, dad saw to that. I’d like more colour and then I’ll order new curtains, maybe get chairs re-upholstered. Daniel suggests I turn the loft over the garage into a flat. It will need more than painting. It needs a new bathroom downstairs, it has a sink upstairs but no cupboards. And the wiring needs redoing, can you organise others to do stuff you’re not qualified to do? Dan worries I don’t have neighbours, he thinks a lodger is a good idea, and I’m warming to it.’
‘I’m a carpenter by trade, I can build the cupboards and do plumbing. But we’ll need to get an electrician, and Paul can always help with the heavy work. Shall I have a look?’
‘Have you time? I’ll show you over the house too if you’d give me a quote for your work. I’ll get whatever else you need…’
Owen drained his glass. ‘Hourly payment like Paul is fine, less complicated. I’ll have a look around now.’
‘Getting colour on the walls will be great. There’s no damp anywhere I can see and above the garage doesn’t smell damp either, to I’m hoping all’s well there too.’

She led him up to the attics first and moved from room to room discussing with Owen what she had in mind for each area. Owen watched her face as she described the plans she had for the cottage. His face smiled at the right time and his mouth uttered suitable words. Anagril took him to the garage, it was a barn originally and converted in the thirties into a garage, he’d already explored it.
‘A new bathroom?’ suggested Anagril
‘It would be easier than trying to keep what’s already there,’ admitted Owen. ‘I can do most of it but there’s only a cold tap, you need a hot-water system.’
‘Yes, you’re right I didn’t think of that.’
‘It’s easy, but you’ll need a professional to install one. Same for a cooker upstairs, but there’s a room downstairs to add a kitchen.’
‘If you were moving in, where’s best?’
It as if she read his mind, just what he thought. It was perfect. Owen followed her upstairs.
The room was large with a sloping roof and strange little windows. It had an old stone sink in one corner.
‘Include that old sink in the design, it’s hardly been used and I’d say the kitchenette would be best along the wall near the stairs. We’d be better enlarging the old toilet area into a bathroom with both a bath and a large shower, and entrance hall. I can get quotes for the water system and the installation of a cooker, you’ll need to find one.’
‘Could you help me choose, I’ll pay you for your trouble? It needs a line too for a computer, but that will take ages.’
Owen looked around, this could make a comfortable home. 
‘Dan’s right, we can make a cosy flat, and without too much effort,’ and he’d be the lodger.
As if she could hear his scheme she said. ‘As it’s not long to Christmas and I can’t afford the cottage to be in a mess, so why not start here instead?’

Beatty stayed until Daniel came for the weekend on Friday before driving home. Anagril was back to her old self again and when he walked in, she clung to him as if she hadn’t seen him for months.
‘Hey Aggy, don’t crush me,’
‘Oh Daniel, I’ve missed you.’
His mother came out of the kitchen and hugged him too.
‘I thought you weren’t well Aggy?’ Daniel was surprised she looked so well.
‘I wasn’t, but I’m better now. Christmas is organised. Cliff rang to say he’s coming, and Owen is helping get the flat over the garage started.’

As if by magic, Owen found contractors to come and install the stove and hot- water service and then made cupboards for the kitchen. After waving goodbye to Beatty, Anagril showed Daniel how Owen had made a good start on the kitchen cupboards. The two men shook hands.
‘How did you get contractors to come so fast?’ asked Daniel, ‘I should offer you a job in London.’
‘Friends who owe me a favour,’ he lied, he’d used his subtle persuasion to persuade them to interrupt their schedules, it worked even over the phone.
‘Isn’t he wonderful Dan?  He’s taken on project managing - all I’ve had to do is choose the paint.’
‘Should I be jealous?’ asked Daniel, watching her brewing coffee.
‘Yes, you should. You can’t make kitchen cupboards and do the work for what Owen is charging.’
‘What? He should ask for the going rates.’
‘I tried, but he insists there’s not much workaround at the moment. If he gets a call he’s needed, he will leave the work here and go. He said it’s because we are friends.’
‘I suppose we are, but you forget Pale Elms, he should be working there.’
‘I said the same, they’ve tidied up the kitchen and downstairs bathroom, and made enough bedrooms liveable. Their uncle may be a while at his sisters', so, for now, it’s on hold. They are renting the pasture out to local farmers. Owen thinks they may not live there, but use the farmhouse and outbuildings as holiday lets. So it’s up in the air. We have an invite to go back next time we go to the flicks together. Your mum is so impressed with Owen she’s thinking of asking Samantha to meet him.’
‘Samantha’s a dead bore.’
‘Daniel!’
‘Sorry Aggy, I love Clare, but Samantha’s nothing like her mum, all she thinks about is boys and her stars. She’s not much younger than you, but you are poles apart. I’ve even heard Clare say she’s worried she’s so young for her age. Besides, Owen fancies you.’
‘He does not! I like him like I like Cliff. He is always so polite and kind.’ Anagril protested.

Daniel went back to London for a few days before coming to join Anagril at the cottage for the Christmas break. With his help, the tree was decorated, and Anagril set the table two days beforehand, firmly closing the dining room door so Emma or Faye wouldn’t ruin her efforts. Daniel made the beds.
‘Aggy where are the spare sheets?’ he shouted.
 ‘In the drawers in dad’s room.  I’ve been thinking we should put up those old iron beds from the London attic  in the middle rooms, just in case Paul and Owen want to stay.’
‘You’re panicking Aggy.’
‘Yes, I’ve never looked after so many people. It’s warm in there, besides it’s only for a night, they won’t mind, remember Pale Elms for goodness sake!’

Owen worked in the garage so Daniel took him coffee and asked him to help with the antique beds.
‘The mattresses are new, the beds are antiques from the days when our great-grandfather had servants,’ he explained. ‘Then you can stay the night, two more won’t matter.’
‘I’ll check with Paul, but thanks, it’s a good idea.’ He nearly said I’ll ask Paul as if he were his servant.
When the rooms looked presentable, they joined Anagril for another cup of coffee. 
‘You must have spent Christmas in lots of different places when you were children Owen?’ suggested Daniel.
‘As Paul told you, our parents were killed in the same car crash, after that we often stayed at school for Christmas, depending on where our uncle was. He did his best for us, but he wasn’t married, and so no, we never had a proper family Christmas.’
‘Oh Owen, how sad,’ said Anagril. ‘Well you will enjoy this one, don’t forget to bring overnight bags, you may not want to walk home afterwards, it might even snow.’

With Daniel helping a frazzled Anagril, everything went according to plan. Tim and Beatty were driving Judith and Dave, Beatty’s idea. She was anxious for Dave to
meet someone, but Anagril doubted they’d suit.  Judith was the opposite of Dave’s gentle wife Grace. She was a successful career woman with a far from gentle demeanour. Dave and Grace had no children and apart from his many supportive friends like the Grieves, he was on his own at Christmas.

Anagril saw lights from a car. ‘Daniel, they’re here,’ she shouted and went to open the door.
Judith and Beatty got out of the car and hurried to get out of the icy wind, while the men sorted out the luggage.
‘It’s cold enough for snow Anagril,’ said Judith in her soothing contralto. ‘Lovely of you to invite me, the alternative at my sisters with three very noisy and unruly teenagers is never appealing. A quiet Christmas here in the country is perfect after London, and without those horrible children, no idea what happened, when younger they were adorable, I expect they’ll recover when they grow up.’
‘Beatty, you’re in dad’s old room.’ Tim carried bags up the stairs but the hall was still filled with luggage. ‘Dave let me help you. You and Judith are in the old part of the house. I’ll show you up the back staircase. Daniel’s cooking tonight, it's beef stew, it’s the only thing he can cook, well if you don’t count chops and oven chips.’

Anagril left them to unpack. She was pleased the old sitting-room looked warm and cosy and suitably festive. Only Cliff to come, he’d caught the train from his parents in Brighton and was staying for a couple of weeks. While his parents took the opportunity to have Christmas in a smart hotel in Malta as he wouldn’t be home. Dan’s phone rang, it was Cliff, his train due soon.
‘I’ll go and pick him up, Dan. I only had a few sips of that cocktail.’ She went to get her jacket.
‘Anagril, you’re not going on your own,’ said Tim coming out of the sitting room, ‘it’s snowing.’
‘Great, but it should have waited until I’d collected Cliff.’
‘I’ll come with you,’ said Tim firmly, ‘we’ll take my car, save you getting yours out.’

The snow was light until they pulled into the station car park. Anagril jumped out into what felt like a blizzard and found Cliff in the waiting room. He gave one of his wide smiles and a big hug.
‘I’m so glad to see you, Cliff, it’s been ages.’
‘Same here, but I have to protest about the engagement,’ he grinned, ‘I thought I might be in with a chance and you’d settle for me instead.’
‘I might have.’
Cliff had bright, red hair and freckles and a pleasant, always-smiling face, they’d been fighting since children and adored each other. When he’d been nineteen and had too much to drink, he’d said. ‘Will you marry me when you grow up Aggy, not Daniel?’ She never mentioned it to anyone and wondered if he remembered? She helped him to carry the bags full of wrapped presents and let him sit in the front.
The snow swirled and came down harder, so it was a slow drive back to the cottage, and nine by the time they arrived. By the time they’d cleared up, it was well past midnight.
‘I’ll finish here,’ said Beatty, ‘you two will be up early for the turkey.’
‘Thanks,’ said Anagril, ‘I’m exhausted.’

Before she got into bed, she looked out of the window. The snow still fell steadily and the looming shape of the mound looked eerie and bright against the dark sky. Anagril shivered and climbed into bed. Moments later Daniel came in the room. ‘It’s your last Christmas as a single girl.’
‘And my first without dad, if there’s a heaven, I hope he’s happy there with my mother.’
Daniel kept his silence, this was not the time, he’d tell her soon.



Chapter 12

The next morning Daniel worried Owen and Paul might not make it because of the weather, but at eleven, the front doorbell rang. They apologised for their wet wellingtons and jackets and put them in the old kitchen to dry.
‘Hello Anagril, Merry Christmas,’ said Owen shyly.
Penegulan was reluctant and looked for an excuse not to come, as if consorting with these people was beneath him. He hated pretending to be the gardener. Worse, his Lady was acting like a servant, cooking, and cleaning, and he hated that too. After an argument with the wizard, he’d finally agreed, but he was in a foul mood, and Orist worried he might not behave as he should.
‘Let’s leave Anagril alone,’ suggested Daniel. ‘Come and meet everyone before I show you where you can sleep.’
‘Sorry,’ said Anagril smiling, ‘Dan’s right, I’d hate to stuff-up now, when I’m so close. I have to concentrate.’

Penegulan took the bed with the best mattress. Before they went downstairs Orist asked if his master needed anything.
‘I can unpack my bag, creature,’ he whispered savagely. ‘I will play my part, just be sure you do the same.’ Orist bowed low and escaped out of the room with the large bag of presents the “cousins” had brought with them.
‘You needn’t have brought anything, we didn’t expect you to,’ said Daniel as they came downstairs.
Penegulan heard and was ruffled as if Daniel inferred they couldn’t afford them, but he kept his tone even and smiled.
‘It’s Christmas,’ said Penegulan, suddenly a man unrecognisable from his real self. ‘Our first traditional one, and as you have guests, it would have been rude not to bring anything.’
‘We’ll put them under the tree with the others.’

Paul and Owen hovered around the doorway, they seemed shy, everyone else was comfortable together. Tim and Beatty brought them into the conversation, and after a few drinks, they relaxed.
Penegulan had centuries to find out about humans and hadn’t bothered, they were beneath his notice. Orist had to learn, for he was a scout and messenger, not the First Prince of Crothel. If Penegulan learned to control his temper and not be haughty and proud, he might become a better man. A good prince, a good king too, when his father died. He needed Anagril’s human wisdom. Although the Scalfan despised the humans, they considered inferior, most humans were open to new ideas.  Even if the greed of their governments and corporations, used the world as a resource, and not a friend.
Orist did not consider humans inferior, he envied them. Their lives may be short, but here in a free country, they had a better life than most Scalfan. They lived under the sun and moon and not in darkness. Lately, that darkness stifled him and he knew Anagril would feel the same. She couldn’t stay underground all the time and he imagined taking her to places where Penegulan couldn’t follow.
‘So Owen, we are put in the shade by your achievements in the garage loft. My wife is very impressed and wants to know why I can’t be as useful.’ Tim smiled.
‘I enjoy it, I doubt I’d be much good at building roads and bridges.’
 ‘Owen these two men of mine can’t even put up a shelf. No, I apologise, they could.’ Beatty looked stern. ‘It’s just that they can always find something more important to do. Judith, Paul looks after the garden, and you wouldn’t believe what he’s done. It’s hard to see much in this weather but I can’t wait for the spring when the bulbs he’s planted flower. You must be sure to come and look.’
‘I’m sure I can make an excuse to come for a business trip.’
Owen looked at Paul, he looked calm enough, even if he was seething. Beatty was right he was a good gardener, how surprising.

‘Owen, may I ask if you’d work for me after you’ve helped Anagril. You can stay with us. I’d like built-in shelves and cupboards in the reception rooms.’
‘Yes, Mrs Grieves.’
‘Beatty, please.’
Paul scowled for a moment. Everyone liked his servant. He knew how to please the humans, what to say, how to behave.

Orist spent years on the surface as one of the king’s messengers, doing what he was asked. Whether trading with the humans or notifying the king and others, what was happening. Now he was Penegulan’s servant, not his fathers, but there wasn’t much difference between father and son’s treatment. But here at Thrangil, he had to stay close to Anagril, he could no longer roam freely. 
They sat around Anagril’s carefully decorated table. There was room for more people, the table laid left the two ends empty.  Paul imagined him sitting at one end and his Lady the other.

The meal went well. Anagril’s modern slant on the traditional Christmas dinner very successful, and Cliff, in charge of drinks, made sure everyone’s glass was re-filled. Penegulan acted out his part of Paul well, but suddenly everyone but the two Scalfan froze.
‘Master what are you doing, she might not be held in this.’
‘Then help me hold her. One day when she knows what she is capable of, then we cannot, but for now…’ Paul stood up and moved behind Anagril’s chair.
‘Master please, this isn’t right.’
Penegulan kissed the top of her head and ran his long fingers down her shoulders into the low cut jersey dress to cup her breasts. She blinked, she was resisting the spell.
‘Master, please, she’s waking.’
Penegulan gave one of his scowls, and then in less than a split-second, was back in his chair, and everyone continued their conversation. Only Anagril stopped, her face white, drained of colour.
‘Aggy darling, what’s the matter?’ asked Daniel.
‘I’m fine, but I need air.’
‘Come on love, I’ll come with you. Excuse us won’t you? Anagril says she needs fresh air.’

The front door was free from snow, they slipped on jackets and stood just outside on the wide step. The snow had stopped. They gazed at the pristine, white environment and noticed the strange lack of noise.
‘What’s wrong, you haven’t had time to drink much?’
‘No, it’s nothing like that. I had the oddest imagining, don’t tell anyone - everyone was frozen in time. I could see Owen talking but he sounded odd as if he were talking Swedish or something, and then someone touched me,’ she didn’t say where, ‘and then everything went back to normal.’
‘Déjà vu?’
‘Something like it I suppose, or perhaps a slight migraine. I’ve read you don’t always get a headache with them,’ she tried to reassure both of them. ‘I’m fine now, I’m just tired. Still, the meal’s nearly over, only the chocolates and coffee and the presents left.’
‘The meal was fantastic Aggy, but you’ve done your bit, Cliff and I can do the rest. You must miss your dad too, it’s understandable.’
‘I love you, Daniel,’ she said and kissed him.
Cliff opened the door. ‘Hey you two, I might have known you’d be out here snogging. I need to open more wine, which one?’

They had coffee in the old sitting room. Anagril sat while Cliff and Daniel organised the chocolates, cheese board and coffee, and started the washing-up. She’d regained her usual bloom.
‘Better now Anagril?’ asked Judith. ‘I’ve never cooked a Christmas dinner for so many. It was perfect, worthy of the best restaurants. I couldn’t open a tin of beans at your age.’
‘Beatty taught me.’
‘I started you - you are a better cook than I am now. Those stuffed baked vegetables were delicious, and the stuffing mix for the turkey too. You must have been days making them?’
‘Yes,’ Anagril admitted. ‘I worked the turkey stuffing out myself, it’s on the computer I’ll print you a copy.’
In walked Father Christmas. It was Tim, in the costume he’d worn for as long as Anagril remembered. She laughed. ‘Oh Tim, what a great idea.’

Anagril was the first to open her presents. Beatty and Tim brought her very sexy and expensive lingerie for her honeymoon. Cliff whistled and Orist scrutinized Penegulan, but he appeared to be smiling. Cliff gave Anagril a sweater, Judith luxurious toiletries. Dave brought them a joint present of a cashmere blanket. Owen found her an Indian shawl and then she opened Paul’s present.  It was a silver necklace, heavy, with a strange arrow shape with a geometric design inlaid with turquoise. There was odd writing on the back.
‘How beautiful, and so unusual, thank you Paul - where did you find it?’
‘In a shop in Oxford, I don’t remember the name of it.’
‘Must be that Indian place,’ suggested Beatty, ‘it looks Indian, like Owen’s shawl or perhaps Arabian.’
‘Perhaps,’ agreed Anagril, ‘but the script doesn’t look familiar. It’s lovely Paul,’ she said and meant it. ‘Will you help me?’ She regretted asking him, for as he touched her neck she blushed.
The other women admired it. Daniel came in with something behind his back, then handed her a flat parcel that hadn’t been under the tree. Anagril opened it. It was a short string of pearls, but they weren’t small by any means.
‘Oh Daniel how lovely,’ she resisted asking if they were real.
‘They are real.’
‘But Dan they must have cost a fortune?’
‘Mum said you’ll need them on our wedding day.’

Orist looked over at Penegulan. Daniel and Anagril were exchanging the gentle kiss of lovers. Penegulan’s fists were opening and closing, no one saw, they watched the couple gazing into each other’s eyes. Then Penegulan’s gift was removed, replaced by the pearls. The prince experienced great anger, he wanted to kill them all and take Anagril to where she belonged, as his wife - not Daniels.
Orist stood up did and said the right things, and then looked at Penegulan suggesting he did the same.
The present giving finished, it was six o’clock and still in his Father Christmas suit, Tim was gently snoring, Dave too. Beatty and Judith wanted to watch Thor. So the rest played monopoly, with the ancient set from their childhood, in the other sitting room. After the film, Judith and Beatty made sandwiches and the younger ones shovelled snow off the drive. They built a snowman too. It ended in a snowball fight, and more wet clothes in the old kitchen.
By midnight, everyone was in bed asleep, except Daniel and Anagril who were making love. The Scalfan were awake too and could hear. Orist wondered what he could do to help because Daniel was in real danger, and his magic no match for the wizard-trained prince. Loneghan told him to be alert, so he got up and kept watch outside their room all night in case his master couldn’t control his feelings. As sunrise came he crept back, he needed little sleep.



Chapter 13

Boxing Day morning started with a large breakfast in the dining room and then everyone, except Beatty and Judith, went for a walk, taking Emma with them. The drifts were deep in places but the wind left tracks where the snow was not too deep. Emma was fascinated and kept getting stuck in the drifts. They ended up atop the hill.
‘Is there anything better than this,’ said Dave, sounding very English.
‘No,’ agreed Tim.
Anagril’s face glowed and Daniel had his arm around her. Owen vanished but Paul was still there. No one noticed Owen was missing until it was time to turn back.
‘Where’s Owen?’ asked Anagril.
‘Just gone to check on the house,’ said Paul, ‘in case of burst pipes or any other problems, he won’t be long.’
Anagril thought it strange she couldn’t see his figure moving against the white landscape. Her eyes met Pauls, she had an odd experience again, as if they were the only two people in the world.

‘Well, Orist?’
‘It is going well, Revered One, but…’ he paused, ‘he used magic to stop their time. He thought that way he could have Anagril, but she fought the spell. Penegulan will try to kill Daniel before they can be married, he has become jealous of Anagril's other friends too.’
‘You’d better hurry back. I’ve considered your suggestion of living over the garage and agree to it. Penegulan needs to spend time away from her. Soon the messengers will arrive from his father, with instructions for him to return home for a visit.’
‘He will be angry.’
‘Yes, but will have to obey. Get back - tell him nothing, it must come from me.’
Orist bowed himself out and ran back to join the others, his heart light. His master was going away and he, his servant, going to live close to his beloved Lady. Joy, joy! Then he remembered he was supposed to be human, not Scalfan, and hid in the woods until they were out of sight, before following at a more sedate pace.

Paul and Owen didn’t leave until the day after Boxing Day, and the day after that Tim drove the others back home. Cliff would stay at Fairy Cottage until Daniel went back to London, as he was looking for a flat there. Commuting from his parent’s home in Brighton was becoming irksome, and more expensive every year, renting in London would work out cheaper.

A week later the snow disappeared. Daniel and Cliff were always walking Emma and then visiting the pub. Anagril was grateful for the peace and spent the time getting on with her book. Owen had almost finished the flat.
When Paul called, she was alone. ‘May I have a word Anagril?’
‘Yes, of course,’ she was fearful suddenly, he had a serious expression. She offered him his usual tea, and he sat at the kitchen table.’
‘Has Owen mentioned anything to you?’
‘What about?’
‘Uncle and I are moving out of the farm for a while. Our aunt lives on the south coast, she runs a boarding house and has injured her wrist, and needs help with running the place until she’s better. Uncle would enjoy the sea air too, he has a weak chest.’
Anagril sensed deep disappointment, did this mean they were leaving? She shouldn’t care so much that Paul wouldn’t be here. As if he sensed what she was thinking, Paul, added. ‘I’ll be gone until Aunt Mary’s wrist is healed. She needs as many rooms as possible for guests, even in the winter. I must sleep in the attic.’ Anagril’s heart pounded. ‘That’s why I want to ask you. I wondered if you could let the flat to Owen, at least while we are gone. It would be more comfortable and less lonely. We can pay the rent in advance…’

Anagril’s throat constricted, she found it hard to find her voice. Why so upset Paul was leaving? Madness, she’d be glad when this stupid infatuation ran its course. She found her voice. ‘Yes, it’s a good idea. I’ll have to stay in London more after we get married. Although Dan has the software and communications to work here now, it’s just not possible to stay all the time. I’d prefer to have someone I can trust in the garage loft, I could leave Fay here then. She hates being shut in the London house and we can’t let her out in case she goes AWOL. Daniel and Cliff will be back for lunch soon, why don’t you stay and eat with us, and I can ask Dan what he thinks. I’m sure he’ll agree.’
‘Thanks, I will.’

Trying to make polite conversation while her head spun wasn’t easy, she was relieved when Daniel, Cliff, and Emma came back. She started lunch while Paul explained the problem again.
‘Sounds ok to me,’ said Daniel, ‘perfect for us too. You agree Aggy?’
‘Yes, it’s a good idea.’ She made an effort to sound bright. ‘I won’t have to worry about Fay either. I’m sorry you won’t see the spring bulbs bloom Paul, after your hard work.’
‘With luck, I may be back sooner than you think, I like it here and I’d hate someone else to do the garden. I’m sure Owen would keep it up in the meantime.’

Anagril had mixed feelings about Paul’s absence, relieved and yet sorry. She loved Daniel, but Paul fascinated her as if there was something dangerous lurking. Part of her wanted him to take her to bed, the other refused to consider hurting Daniel, and if Daniel wasn’t in the picture?

‘Is that ok Aggy?’ asked Daniel.
‘Sorry, miles away, what did you say?’
‘We’ll have a meal at the pub on Saturday? To say goodbye to Paul?’
‘Oh yes, good idea.’
‘I’m leaving on Sunday,’ said Penegulan, ‘I’ll tell Owen the good news, he’ll think he’s gone to heaven after living at the farm. See you Saturday.’
‘Paul, wait,’ Anagril went rushing after him. ‘I forgot Owen’s lunch,’ she handed him the plate of sandwiches. Their hands touched, and their eyes met and then he was out of the door. She longed to be on her own, and not have to pretend to Daniel and Cliff that Paul’s leaving wasn’t foremost on her mind.

‘No I won’t,’ Penegulan argued with Loneghan. ‘I don’t want to be away too long. Send the messenger back to my father saying that the negotiations are too fragile for me to leave right now.’
‘No, you will go. It is my will too, you need to go back to satisfy your lusts for a while.’
‘I want Anagril.’
‘I’m pleased the Lady is now to your taste, it wasn’t long ago you argued about being forced to court her. Her mother is one of our loveliest women, why didn’t you believe her daughter is just as lovely?’
‘She’s lovelier than Charisan, and she won’t be pleased her daughter outshines her. I will go, but not for too long. I intend to be at the wedding and…’ Penegulan’s smile wasn’t pleasant.
Loneghan’s smile echoed his. ‘It’s not too late for one of your brothers to take your place. As you admit, Anagril is exquisite and of an amorous nature, as Orist says, all Scalfan.’
Both men glared at each other until Penegulan turned and marched out.

Saturday night came and went. Paul gave Anagril a brotherly hug and kiss. On Sunday morning, Owen was supposedly taking his relatives to the station and then would bring his possessions from the farm to the flat.  They helped him move. On Monday, Cliff headed to London because Beatty found him a flat. Owen helped wash-up after dinner, and then discreetly went back to his new home.
‘I like Owen. He knows when to leave,’ said Daniel reaching for Anagril, ‘alone at last.’
‘Oh, so you’re not sorry Cliff’s gone. No more amber liquid lunches?’
‘I’ve still got Owen.’ She hit him. ‘I have to go back on Wednesday. Bed?’ Anagril laughed and ran upstairs.



Chapter 14

It was a windy evening. Anagril and Daniel made love, fell asleep, and were woken by Emma whining to go out.
‘God Anagril, it’s ten o’clock and Emma’s not had her walk or food. You stay there.’
‘I want a drink of water, I’ll get up too, you let her out while I feed the animals.’ She watched him dress. ‘You are a gorgeous man Daniel Grieves. I wasn’t the only one to think so, remember Tina?’
‘How could I forget her? She followed me everywhere. Her nose was put out when I took you to that party. You wore that dress with the low back.  She was nasty after that.’
‘You made me wear it!’
‘Still got it?’
‘Yes.’
‘Wear it tomorrow night?’
‘No, it’s freezing!’
‘We’ll turn up the heating.’
Anagril threw a pillow at him, as he ran out laughing.

She heard Emma’s excited yelping and then the front door opening. A few seconds later, there was a cry and a crashing sound, and then Emma barking furiously.
‘Oh my god, Daniel?’ Anagril jumped out of bed, grabbed her dressing gown, and ran downstairs, fumbling with the door before opening it. Owen was there, kneeling beside Daniel, who lay on the ground. ‘Daniel? Owen, what’s happened, is he all right?’
‘Yes,’ Owen’s eyes showed fear too. ‘I think he dislocated his shoulder as he fell. He’s cut his head too, that’s where the blood’s coming from, but it’s not as bad as it looks.  Aggy, can you get a towel?’ Owen looked at her, it took a moment for her to move, she didn’t notice the bitter, icy wind blowing.
‘Aggy get a towel, please?’ Owen asked again, and she moved inside at last. She moved clumsily and slow, finding a clean towel she rushed back. Owen took it and held it to Daniel’s head. ‘Aggy, get dressed, and then get the car keys, will you? I think I’d better drive and better your car than the van. Daniel needs to go to hospital.’
‘I’m sorry Owen, I’m panicking aren’t I?’
‘Get dressed,’ he repeated. ‘Dan’s fine, but he needs to see a doctor, go on get dressed hey?’
Anagril ran upstairs, and climbed into her jeans and jumper and found her boots and both their jackets. Emma was nowhere to be seen.
‘Owen, where’s Emma?’
‘She’s fine, just hiding behind the bushes there. Help Dan while I put her inside, and get the car out. Where are the car keys?’
‘Sorry, in the hallstand drawer, the car keys, um - the garage ones - sorry you have a set. 

Daniel was white-faced and in considerable pain. As she knelt, he grabbed hold of Anagril’s hand with his good one to reassure her.
‘Owen’s right love, it’s not as bad as it looks.’
Orist reassured the dog and got her in the house. Damn Penegulan, if he hadn’t seen him on the roof Daniel might well be dead. He’d used his powers to deflect the slates, but one caught Dan on the forehead, nothing serious, but he’d hurt his shoulder as he fell. There was a real possibility Penegulan would kill him now, and then try again to get rid of Daniel. His wonderful new life over too soon, and his crazy idea one day his Lady could love him, even hold him in her arms. It had just been a dream - a mad dream.

They waited as the Doctor examined Daniel. Owen got Anagril terrible tea from a vending machine.
‘Drink this Aggy, it’s hot, even if it’s tasteless.’
She took it from him, her hands still shook.
‘Dad had the roof redone a few years ago - it was supposed to be safe.’
‘It was blowing a terrible gale. I’ll get up on the roof early tomorrow and fix it. There are spare slates at the back of the garage.’
‘Thanks, Owen, I panicked, I rarely go to pieces, I suppose because it was Daniel. You’re becoming indispensable, as well as a good friend. Isn’t it funny how you meet people who will be important to you? They are a long time with Daniel aren’t they?’
‘I asked the nurse, he’s gone to X-ray.’
Anagril put her hand on his and held tight.
She liked him, and she touched him as if she trusted him. If all she ever gave him were this, and only this, then he’d be content. Inside he kept repeating, ‘I love you Anagril, I love you...’

Daniel’s shoulder was put back, his head dressed, the doctor said he could go home.
‘He’ll be fine in a couple of days Mrs Grieves,’ Anagril didn’t correct the young man. ‘Lucky, if that tile landed directly on his head instead of glancing off, it could have been worse. We’ve given him a painkiller, and after good night’s sleep, he’ll feel better. No hitting the whiskey bottle though, the painkillers are strong.’

Owen helped Daniel out of the car and onto the sofa in the kitchen. He was groggy from the drug.
‘God, I’m tired,’ he said, ‘it must have been those pills.’
‘Milk and honey, and then off to bed, I’ll sleep in dad’s room.’
‘No, you won’t, I don’t sleep well without you.’
Owen looked embarrassed. ‘I’d better go, but can you manage the stairs, Dan?’
‘Owen, will you help him before you go? I’ll get a drink and we will have whiskey in ours - no not you Dan, you heard what the doctor said.’

After Daniel was safely asleep in bed, Orist ran to the mound, praying that Loneghan could control Penegulan’s temper. In that terrifying way the Scalfan wizards have, he’d know what happened. Penegulan was nowhere to be seen.
‘Orist this Calpin, Turlov will take over the prince’s care. You answer to your mistress. Turlov leave us.’ The red-haired male Calpin bowed and left. ‘I’m aware of what happened, Penegulan is leaving for Crothel soon, he will have to change his ways if he expects to marry the Lady Anagril. You did well Orist. Penegulan’s magic is stronger than yours. I am increasing your rank to First Servant. The Lady and her family are now your main concern, without consultation from me. I expect you to attend lessons to increase your powers. Penegulan will be your enemy now, and will still be angry when he returns. But he no longer may mistreat you as he is no longer your master. I repeat you have done well, mixing with humans has improved you. You may go.’

Orist ran back to his flat and let himself in, luxuriating in the room’s warm friendly glow in the soft lights. Anagril’s bedroom light was off, they must be asleep. Could life be any better for a lowly Scalfan messenger, now First Servant! Few reached that, any other Calpin assigned to his Lady was to do as he instructed. He’d stay at her side as long as they both lived.

Next morning, Owen knocked at the cottage door, asking if they needed anything from the shops.
‘Yes, please. I need milk and bread, oh and a newspaper for Dan, he can’t do much else today.’
‘How is he?’
‘Come in, he looks even worse this morning, he’s badly bruised and has a black eye. It looks as if he’s been in a fight.’

The kitchen was warm and homey and for Orist full of love and contentment.
Daniel attempted to smile at him but it was more of a grimace, ‘Thanks, Owen. I wasn’t too coherent last night.’
‘No, and believe it or not, you look better this morning,’ he added to himself, ‘Master!’

Before Owen left, Anagril made a longer list and knowing he had little money she searched for cash from several sources.
‘If only she knew the truth,’ thought Orist.  Scalfan had billions of different currencies secreted in banks across the world and more in Scalfan vaults. As well as jewels, treasures from many ages - precious things. And he, as a scout and messenger, immune from the effects of pollution on the world, spent much of his time controlling that wealth. He was experienced in stocks and shares and used his Scalfan powers to invest. Money meant little, Scalfan preferred their jewels. They needed money to trade for goods on the surface, and one day it would help take back their world from humans.

Soon everyone was back into his or her routine. Owen found other work, so Anagril wouldn’t get suspicious, as well as seeing to Anagril’s garden and painting the cottage. Spring came at last, and as his bulbs flowered, Anagril remembered Paul, and she tried to push his memory aside. He wasn’t here to disturb her peace.

It was well into April when Penegulan got back to Thrangil. He discussed the latest gossip from the capital with Loneghan.  But when Orist bowed into the room, his eyes narrowed, and they knew he hadn’t forgiven the servant for foiling his plot to kill Daniel. As Orist was no longer his servant it wasn’t Penegulan’s right to punish him, only Loneghan. The prince had a cruel, unforgiving nature, and would find a way to hurt Orist.
‘Ah, the creature himself. I have the invitation and you will send the reply I will attend,’ Penegulan’s eyes were bright and frightening.
‘You may go,’ said Loneghan, before Orist had to reply. ‘It might be unwise to stay with Orist in the flat, we need to find you a home on the surface, and another job.’
‘I am a prince - neither a gardener nor a labourer. What do you suggest I become, a spaceship engineer?’
‘Your father gave me reason to believe your temper had improved Penegulan. Might I remind you what is at risk? Should I suggest to the King we find another son to court the lovely Lady? For she is lovely isn’t she?’
Penegulan’s eyes flashed, he got up and walked out.

Loneghan called to Orist as he was going back onto the surface.
‘Revered One, you called me?’
‘Find Penegulan somewhere to live Orist. It would not be wise he shares your home, find somewhere isolated, where his bad temper will not be noticeable. The farm will not do, it still needs too much work and too few Calpin here with the necessary skills to fix it. Your relationship with Anagril and the man has become close as intended, so they will expect to be invited to your home again. We can’t pretend it’s Pale Elms any longer, nothing has changed since their last visit there, she’ll be suspicious, and we can’t use magic, she might notice.’
‘Shall I tell my Lady he is back?’
‘No, find him somewhere to live first. Orist, although our lessons are progressing well, to defeat him you must believe you can. Do you understand?’
‘Yes, Revered One.’

The next day Owen painted the dining room a deep turquoise. Anagril’s tastes were Scalfan, they loved rich colours in their dark world. She looked through curtain samples.
‘Aggy, I’ve just heard from Paul, he will be coming back soon.’ He watched her carefully, she was nervous. Damn Penegulan, he didn’t deserve her. ‘Our aunt’s wrist is better and he’s eager to return, he doesn’t get on that well with her. Uncle may sell the farm, before finishing the renovations, we’re not sure yet. Paul will be alone there, and he’s not looking forward to it, it still needs too much done to be comfortable.  As he has money his parents left him, he’ll invest in property - perhaps a small cottage. The loft is roomy, but it’s still only one room and we are very different, he can be very untidy, besides I like having my own place.’ 
‘Oh no,’ thought Anagril silently. ‘Please don’t ask if Paul can stay here until he finds his place.’ She struggled to keep calm.
‘I need to find somewhere suitable. Aggy, I know you’re busy, but could you help me?’ 
‘Yes I’d love to, I like looking at houses. I’ll get the local paper and open Google?’

 Their heads were almost touching as they looked at the adverts in the newspaper and then the web. Orist could smell her, feel her warmth.
‘Cottages are expensive Owen. The estate we pass on the way to Swindon is much cheaper, and they have maisonettes for sale with one or two bedrooms. He won’t expect you to share with him will he?’ she realised she sounded upset and added, ‘It’s convenient having you so close,’ this wasn’t sounding right. ‘I don’t want another lodger, we are friends,’ she stammered, and went red.
‘I understand what you are saying, we are friends and to be honest I’d rather be here. Paul and I disagree. And you rely on me to help with Fay and Emma if you are away.’
‘I’m sorry I don’t mean to put you on the spot, it’s up to you where you live.’
‘I’m staying, and that’s that. I’d better finish painting the dining room, one more wall, and it’s finished. As it’s Friday, you’ll want to go shopping this afternoon. Why don’t we look, then I can help with the shopping, and get mine as well.’
‘Yes, we’ll go as soon as you finished,’ she agreed.

The cottages were very expensive. As Penegulan, he could afford whatever he wanted, but as Paul, he couldn’t appear rich.
 Everyone went out of their way to help Anagril, not only her looks attracted but also her soft Scalfan voice. Owen doubted she noticed how eager people were to help her. One smitten, middle-aged agent was determined to find something suitable.
‘We have a property, Miss Hayton. It’s smaller than most people want and it hasn’t been lived in for a while, so it will need work. But as your friend is a handyman it might suit - it’s isolated.’
‘Paul would prefer that,’ said Owen.
‘We might as well look. Owen knows what his cousin wants and insists he hates new homes. Can you tell us where Mr Carter?’
‘I’ll do better. I’ll get my car.’
‘Fine we’ll follow,’ said Anagril, keeping their independence.
A mile from Pale Elms, it was a lone cottage, a long way from its nearest neighbour. It wasn’t renovated, but sound, and didn’t smell damp. It comprised two upstairs rooms and a tiny sitting room downstairs, next to the larger kitchen. There was no bathroom, but an outside lavatory.
‘It doesn’t look much at the moment Miss Hayton,’ said Mr Carter, ‘but with a bathroom in the smaller room upstairs?’
‘Yes, I can see its potential.’
‘Cottages of this size are still popular as a weekend retreat from London. It’s a deceased estate and just come on the market…’
‘Thank you, Mr Carter. Paul needs to look, and then get back to you. As you suggest we shouldn’t wait too long before putting in an offer.’
Mr Carter politely gave her his card.

‘What do you think Owen? Can’t say I’m keen, it’s not cheap, you’d have to spend another fortune on it to make it habitable.’
‘Paul doesn’t need a mortgage, he has enough capital.’
‘That much - sorry that was rude. Owen, you and Paul don’t look like rag and bone men, and Paul is always in control as if he’s used to being in charge.’
‘Rag and bone is an experiment, we intend going into antiques and collecting so-called rubbish from people’s homes is a good way to start. There’s loads of room at the farm to store stuff and many local fairs. We’re hoping uncle keeps the farm, and then we can get the antique idea going.’ Orist had been lying for many years.
‘It makes good sense. I wondered why you didn’t keep going with collections, what I pay Paul and you isn’t enough to live on, not with the bills going up, even if you both have capital. Please accept more for your time, Daniel is forever going on about it.’
‘Don’t worry, uncle gives us an allowance,’ said Owen lightly. ‘I like what I do and Paul likes gardening. There’s no real hurry to get the antique business started. But when we do, we’re hoping it might be profitable, considering we paid very little for the goods to start it.’
‘You are in my situation. I have enough to live on, so I’m lucky to write instead of having to work at something I don’t like.’
‘Yes.’
‘You and Paul aren’t alike though are you? I always feel so safe around you…’ she didn’t finish, how could she?
So Owen did. ‘But not around Paul?’
‘No,’ she admitted, ‘I don’t know why,’ she lied.
Owen was silent.



Chapter 15

Owen pretended to phone Paul and said he’d arrive on Monday to check out the cottage. Daniel said there was plenty of room at Fairy Cottage to stay while he looked.
‘That’s ok isn’t it Aggy?’ he belatedly asked, after talking to Owen.
What could Anagril say, no? No - I couldn’t bear having him so close when you aren’t here. No! She couldn’t say it, instead, she said. ‘Yes, it’s a big house, he won’t be in the way and the garden needs work if he wants it,’ inside she was shaking.

Paul came, the day before Anagril was due to go to London. She was nervous and shy. Those months without him being around hadn’t cured her infatuation. And now Daniel, dear, kind Daniel, offered his unknown rival a bed under their roof. She’d have to use her self-control and keep well away from him. Why is it that sometimes I’d like to run naked through the fields, or lie in the moonlight’s caress? It’s the same madness.

He looked at her, as if he understood her thoughts, it made her more nervous. Then, while she struggled with her emotions, he’d regain his fake composure. It depressed Orist, Loneghan was right - they were meant for each other. His new life no longer exhilarated, and his new confidence crumbled as he watched them. 
‘Paul you’re in the first bedroom at the front, in the old part,’ said Owen as Anagril found her voice.
‘You know the way Paul?’ she asked.
‘Yes, I’m very grateful to you Anagril.’
‘It’s Daniel’s idea,’ she said, ‘you know how kind he is.’ Her words meant more than was said. ‘I didn’t want you here but Daniel doesn’t know how we feel.’

When Orist’s eyes met Penegulans, the look of hate he saw in the prince’s eyes made him recoil. He took the heaviest two bags and led the way to the back staircase. If Anagril saw the side of him he showed the servant, she wouldn’t want him, or would she? Loneghan said they’d marry - his magic said so. She needed to have this human life first, and why Penegulan had to wait for her. Slowly, but execrably she’d be drawn to her fairy state and with it Penegulan’s lust. She was happy with her life, and if he tried to pull her away before she was ready, she’d never settle to life as a Scalfan and rebel. As Loneghan kept stressing, they needed her cooperation. 
Penegulan had shouted. ‘And I need her in my bed!’

‘Paul, tea or coffee?’ she asked without the emotion she felt.
‘Nothing, thank you, Aggy,’ he said, her name sounded like a caress.
Anagril shivered.
‘So Owen,’ Penegulan spat out Orist’s human name, ‘you are cosy with my Lady. If you have touched her, I will tear you apart.’
‘I am her servant, and she my mistress, unless she asks it of me, I will never touch her.’
‘Ask you? I doubt it.’
Orist dropped his eyes. ‘Please excuse me, prince.  I must carry on painting. Might I suggest if you don’t want to smell the fumes, you leave for a while until the paint dries?’
‘Where’s this cottage,’ he snapped.
Relieved, Orist handed him Mr Carter’s card, and Paul set off in the old van to have a look. Orist’s legs shook, and he sat for a moment putting his head in his hands.

Anagril escaped out of the house, saying she had shopping to do in Oxford, but all she did was to wander around aimlessly thinking about Paul. When she got back, Owen had finished painting the formal drawing room a deep rose red. For a moment, she forgot her worries in the delight that the cottage was becoming a home.
‘Owen I love it. I’m so pleased you opened the chimney. We have so much wood from the old tree. I’m glad we didn’t get rid of it. Next Christmas we can have a real fire, as long as it doesn’t make Paul cough,’ she suddenly remembered his asthma. ‘Might be a better idea to light it when he’s not here. Owen, you are marvellous.’ She gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

Paul saw them through the window. It was a friendly kiss but Penegulan’s anger rose. He almost stormed inside and hit Orist, but controlled himself by walking to the end of the garden and standing there until his anger cooled.
‘I can’t wait,’ he wanted to scream out, but she’d hear him shouting and think him mad.  Recovering, he went back inside and heard Anagril and Orist laughing together. His temper flared again, all he did was to make her quiet and nervous.
‘I brought chicken pies for lunch Paul, will that be all right?’
‘Lovely thanks, I’d like to pay for my keep?’
‘It’s fine,’ she blushed.
‘You do too much for us.’
‘I do well out of the arrangement Paul.’
‘I’ve had a look at the cottage. If you don’t mind lending me a hand Owen, we can do most of the work. It looks sound enough, but I must get a surveyor to check it first before I complete the deal.’
‘Daniel’s qualified to give you a report. He studied structural engineering and architecture, before civil engineering, that’s why he was at university so long. I know he’ll do it, he’s very generous.’
‘Yes, he is a good man,’ admitted Penegulan, ‘or you wouldn’t love him so much,’ he added silently.
‘Isn’t the cottage expensive taking into account the work that needs to be done?’ Anagril was intrigued as to his circumstances.
‘Not if Owen helps me decorate and put in a new kitchen and bathroom. I shouldn’t need too many tradesmen.’
‘I’ll help,’ said Orist.

Daniel, Owen, and Paul went over to the cottage early Saturday morning to do the survey. Daniel came back very enthusiastic.
‘It’s sound, true it’s run down, but nothing structural, needs a bathroom and decent kitchen, but basically, it’s solid. It had a new damp course recently, hence its good condition. It will need rewiring and I’d recommend spending on new gas pipes and plumbing too. It will help resale later. Once it’s finished you’d more than get your money back from yuppies from London, even Oxford. It’s a good investment. I’ll write a report for you to keep, and check again when it’s finished.’
Paul looked pleased. ‘We discussed it and I can’t move in for a while. I hate putting you out, I’ll find lodgings.’
‘No Paul, knowing Aggy she doesn’t mind, do you love?’ Daniel asked innocently.
Anagril was by the stove making coffee and called out as gaily as she could manage. ‘No, you’re welcome to stay here as long as you need.’ As she did so, Owen came in the door from the old kitchen and saw the look of despair on her face. Oh god, she thought, he knows how I feel about Paul, and he’s sorry for me. She looked away embarrassed.

As it was, with Daniel, Beatty and Tim coming for weekends and her trips up to London, they were not alone often. In the evening Owen joined them and knowing why, Anagril was grateful, and valued his selfless friendship more and more. Penegulan saw this and was jealous. If only he could touch her as Orist did, but if he came too close she visibly flinched. He wished his cottage was finished, staying here wasn’t helping his cause. Whenever he could, he went back to the mound and took Emma with him. She didn’t worry about entering the fairy realm. She trusted him and Orist, Scalfan had an affinity for animals. Emma waited patiently while he talked to Loneghan and then went home as if she had been for a walk around the barrow, and not into it. Loneghan couldn’t fail to notice how listless Penegulan was.
‘I’m tired, true the outside world has its charms, but it’s taking its toll on me. As soon as I can I will move into the cottage and spend some of my time here. It’s not been pleasant living with Anagril, as you expected, she is wary of me.’
‘I’ll give you something to help your symptoms. At least this lethargy has helped curb your temper, and I suspect your sexual urges.’
‘That no, I creep into her room and watch her sleep sometimes. It’s two months until the wedding and they will be away another two weeks on their honeymoon. By then I’ll be at the cottage and Anagril won’t be here as much, and never without her precious Daniel.’
Loneghan felt sorry for the prince. It was difficult for a proud, spoiled Scalfan not getting what he wanted. ‘I admire you Penegulan, you are coping with it better than I expected.’
Penegulan gave a cruel laugh. ‘Well, at least one day she will be my wife. Poor, pathetic Orist will never get what he wants. I’ll make sure of that.’
Loneghan was disappointed again.

Penegulan moved into the cottage and Anagril gave him the furniture left in the middle bedrooms. She was relieved, although he’d behaved well, and not given a look she might take exception to.

The wedding was four weeks away and thanks to Beatty, still going to plan. The month flew by and she went up to London the week before the day. Daniel and Cliff stayed at the cottage to have their stag party with another two old friends from school.
Paul, impervious to the effects of alcohol, watched the four humans drink themselves into a stupor, with disgust. He and Owen got them upstairs and into their respective beds.

Anagril, having no girlfriends, stayed at home with Beatty and Tim, who hadn’t gone to the cottage with his son - he no longer wished to get blind drunk just for the sake of it. She rang up the next day as she was worried, or was she worried something might happen to Daniel?



Chapter 16

Orist drove Penegulan to London the morning of the wedding, dosed up with Loneghan’s medicine. Paul brought a new car, deciding the old van didn’t suit the occasion. Too long in a car made his sickness worse, but at least the drugs made him quiet.
Penegulan had never seen such a large city - he was half-overawed and half-disgusted.
‘This human world is ugly,’ he decided.
‘I agree, but a lot here to interest and divert. The church isn’t far, after the wedding, we go to Tim and Beatty’s home for the reception. If you are ill we will leave, so please tell me.’
‘How caring you are Orist,’ he said sarcastically, ‘I’m sure you’d prefer me to die?’
‘No, my Lady would be sad,’ he mumbled.
‘Are you so sure? Then why is she marrying Daniel and not my bride beneath this ugly world?’
‘You have the answer, my prince.’
Penegulan laughed and then violently coughed. ‘Stinking place,’ he said.

As he looked around the church full of elegantly dressed people, he had to agree with Orist there was much to see in this world. He watched Daniel and Cliff waiting for the bride.
Then the organist played the wedding march, and Anagril walked in on Tim’s arm. She looked so lovely people gasped, her hair long and simply styled, with the fine veil framing her perfect face. Penegulan watched Daniel - a man in love and proud of his future wife’s beauty. He had to stifle another cough, he might be ill but determined to stay. The photographs took too long. Penegulan was very ill now but wanted to see where she lived in this dirty London.

Back at the house as Anagril shook his hand, she noticed he looked ill. ‘Paul what’s wrong, you are pale and I heard you coughing in church.’
‘Asthma.’
‘Owen, make sure he takes it easy won’t you?’
‘Yes, Aggy I’ll look after him.’ Orist found him a seat. ‘She saw you are ill.’
‘Is that supposed to cheer me up?’ he replied, but for once, his voice didn’t have its usual trace of sarcasm.

Thanks to Beatty, the reception went flawlessly, but it was an eternity for the Scalfan prince. Beatty fussed around him, looking worried.
‘See how kind these people are,’ said Orist, ‘can’t you admit even that?’
‘You are losing your Scalfan-self. YOU are becoming human.’
‘I’m Scalfan; not a proud prince just a lowly servant, but I’m as Scalfan as you. Only I’m able to live in this world, even appreciate it.’

Penegulan didn’t reply but was unusually quiet. He managed until Anagril came down the stairs in her going away outfit. It was hot, so she wore a dress, a simple affair in pale green and still wearing her pearl necklace.
Everyone waved and cheered as the car drove away. Paul was close to collapse.
‘I don’t care what you say, Paul. I’d better get an ambulance. Owen, you tell him.’ Beatty was worried.
‘He won’t listen to any of us Beatty. We’ll leave now, it’s just the city’s pollution triggering off an attack, he always improves when he gets back into the country air.’
‘You shouldn’t have come. Anagril and Daniel would’ve been disappointed, but they’d understand.’
‘Dan and Aggy have been good friends to us, Beatty,’ said Owen. ‘He couldn’t stay away, I promise if he doesn’t recover once we get out of the city, or gets any worse I’ll take him to hospital. I promise, no matter how much he protests.’

Penegulan was very sick. Orist should have been happy, but wasn’t. He hated Penegulan, but couldn’t let him die. Before the motorway, he helped him into the back seat of the car and then drove far too fast, back to the mound. Parking the car as close as he could, and then carrying the prince.
It took two weeks for Penegulan to recover. Loneghan told him, if not for Orist he would have died.
‘You owe him your life Penegulan,’ he said as soon as the prince was conscious. This made Penegulan hate Orist more, he didn’t know why, but Loneghan did, and answered his thoughts. ‘Perhaps you hate him because you’d let him die if your roles were reversed.’

Daniel and Anagril were back at the cottage after the honeymoon in France. The cottage was to be their main home, although they’d still spend time in London for Daniel’s work. Owen heard the car pull up, and went out to meet them.
‘Did you have a good honeymoon,’ he asked with an appropriate grin.
‘It was wonderful,’ replied Daniel laughing. ‘But how’s Paul, we were worried. Why did he come, he knows how sick he gets in Swindon and Oxford, London’s pollution is worse. We’d have understood.’
Owen looked over at Anagril, for once, her eyes did not match her smile. He knew she had suspicions about Paul, and now him too. Her eyes said what are you, my friend? He gave her a similar look back.
‘Daniel, your mother brought over the rest of the presents last week. Paul and I put them on the dining room table.’
‘Thanks, Owen. We are staying for a week, then I need to work in London.’
Anagril and Owen looked like two cats warily assessing each other. Emma barked, she didn’t know who to make a fuss of first. Owen let her out. Daniel said he needed a proper pint, and he’d take Emma for a walk. Owen wanted to join him but made an excuse he expected Paul. Owen had to talk to Anagril, he followed her into the kitchen.
‘I’m glad you’re back.’
She turned to him her eyes still wary. ‘Would you like a cup of coffee,’ she asked as if he were a stranger, no worse, her voice cold.
‘Anagril?’
‘What’s happening? I thought I was going mad because I had such weird fancies. I pushed them away for a while because I had so much to think about before we got married.  On our honeymoon, I had time to think, I wondered if I were mad? Who is Paul? No rag and bone man, he buys an expensive house and a new car, as if he has plenty of money, has he?’ Owen didn’t answer. ‘And you, so solicitous of me, never making a pass, even Cliff does, and we’ve been friends for years, and he knows I love Daniel. You are so perfect, treat me as if all you want me to be is your friend, but there’s something else in your eyes sometimes. I trusted you.’ Her voice was raised, and tears were starting in her eyes. ‘Owen,’ she repeated, ‘why do I believe you have betrayed me?’
‘I haven’t Aggy. And if you loved me as you love Daniel, then I’d be the happiest man who ever existed. But you don’t, so I’m happy to be your friend.’
‘That’s not what I mean, Owen. I married a man I love more than life itself, and I’m not happy. Why? Because? No, you tell me why Owen.’
‘Aggy?’
‘Tell me the truth. Who, or what was my mother, and what does that make me? And Paul? I want him, and I don’t even like him, not as I like you. Owen, please tell me who I am.’ She burst into tears.
‘Not here, in case Dan comes back, in the garden. I’ve set up the table and chairs, Cliff bought you, at the end of the lawn. I’ll get wine.’

Anagril followed him down the new path he and Paul laid before the wedding. Owen poured her a glass of wine but she put the glass down and sobbed. Then she looked straight at him and asked. ‘So where do we start Owen?’ she waited for his reply when it didn’t come she added. ‘With my mother? In a vineyard in Bordeaux, after a perfect picnic lunch and too much wine, my Dan told me what his mother confided in him ages ago. It was about my mother. She literally left Beatty holding the baby and just walked out on my father who adored her, and her baby daughter - just left! My father told me she’d died. What woman could do that?’ Owen looked away.
‘I’ve always been different,’ Anagril continued. ‘People aren’t friendly, and apart from Beatty and Clare, I’ve never had a woman friend. Men yes, they want me, not the person inside Daniel loves, but this body, this face! I found a book and it started my madness. It said you could tell if someone was a fairy by the lack of body hair. Such a short sentence, yet it hurt. The doctors said it was a genetic problem, and told Beatty not to worry, I was very healthy. We knew nothing about my mother’s family, so everyone assumed I had the strange genes from her. Owen,’ she raised her voice, ‘talk, or do I see a doctor because I’m crazy. I have to do something. It’s up to you, if you say nothing, I will tell my dear love, Daniel, I am going mad and need help.’ The wine took effect. ‘And Paul has no hair on his body either, as far as I can see. You do. You also breathe in our world, and Paul can’t? The book said fairies can’t live in our world. Please, Owen talk.’

As Orist loved her the pleas went deep. He’d discussed with Loneghan what to do when she asked, but he’d hoped he’d not be the one to tell her. Not a mere  Calpin, a lower caste servant.
‘You’re a Scalfan, like Paul, me too. Here they call us fairies, we have other names in other parts of the world,’ he admitted, at last, his voice low. ‘Is this a good time Aggy? Daniel will be back soon and you need to rest, you are upset, tell Daniel you have a headache and lie down for a while. Tonight when he is asleep we’ll talk.’
She heard Emma barking. ‘Oh god, he’s back, I don’t want him to see me crying. Tonight then, where?’
‘Here if it’s still warm, if not the library.’

Anagril ran off, but not to Daniel, toward the hill. Owen went inside to make excuses and try to explain why she wanted a walk on her own.
She sat on the mound for a while, trying to calm her emotions, ready to face Daniel as if nothing were wrong. When she was a child the hill frightened her, but now she found peace here. Lying on the short grass, she closed her eyes. A few moments later, it was as if someone stood over her, for the sun appeared to go in for a moment and there were few clouds in the sky. When she opened her eyes, there was nothing there.
Anagril shivered, Scalfan, what was a Scalfan? She wondered, but Owen’s admission they were different made her stronger and more in control. If she was mad, then she wasn’t the only one. By the time she’d walked home, she could face Daniel and Owen.

Daniel, still celebrating, opened another bottle. Owen was still there although Paul hadn’t yet appeared. Owen tried to make excuses to leave, but gregarious Daniel insisted he stay awhile. Anagril made sandwiches to soak up the alcohol. Dan was acting as if he were still on holiday, and Anagril and Owen were determined he’d sleep well tonight.
Owen knew what Anagril was trying to do and kept Daniel’s wine topped up until it was obvious he was drunk. Anagril kept looking at Owen with the same odd expression. It took a while, Daniel had drunk more than usual these last two weeks, and it was after nine when Owen helped him up the stairs to bed.
‘When you are sure he’s sound asleep meet me in the garden. I’ll wait all night for you if necessary,’ he whispered as he finished helping Anagril undress Daniel.
She nodded, he left closing the front door softly behind him. Deciding she’d better get undressed so it might not appear strange to Daniel if he woke. Instead of sleeping in the raw, she chose a honeymoon night-dress and negligee. She lay beside him, he didn’t stir, although he snored, a perfect excuse for getting out of bed and going for a night walk in the mellow, summer night. She shook him as if to say stop making that noise. He didn’t wake. She ran downstairs, and out of the old kitchen door into the garden. No sign of Emma, she must be with Owen. He was waiting, the dog lying at his feet.
‘If he wakes and comes looking for you, you can say Emma was whining to go out.’
Anagril nodded. ‘He’s out cold,’ she admitted. Her eyes were still icy. ‘Well Owen, I’m listening,’ her voice soft and yet threatening.
‘We are Scalfan, or as humans call us, fairy.’ He reached for her hands clenched in her lap, he could feel the warmth of her body under the thin, silk gown.
‘How do I know you’re not crazy too?’ she said, her eyes wide.
It was a moonlit night, their expressions clear.
‘I’ll tell you a story and then it’s up to you what you believe. Is that what you want?’
‘Yes, I’ll listen.’

‘Our mythology tells us Scalfan were here before modern humans, and we came from the stars, we know little else. We don’t have records to show how the first humans evolved, even the wise wonder how we look alike. Like you, I know enough from your scientists to come to conclusions. I’m not the only one to wonder, did we once create something that’s nearly destroyed us? Whatever the truth, the humans prospered while we declined. They changed the land, the air until we could no longer live here on the surface, so we stayed deep underground in the ancient cities, no longer roaming the Earth as we once did.’
‘Many fairy and elfish myths say similar things, there’s nothing new in any of what you are telling me,’ said Anagril impatiently.
‘But do they say we are from the stars?’ Anagril shook her head. ‘We found we could mate with modern humans and it strengthened us in ways, but now the sign of nobility is pure blood. Your own family, living close to the hill for countless generations, have had many fairy lovers. Hence your suitability.’
‘Suitability?’
‘Your father was part Scalfan, or at least most of his genes were, as they say now. Our wise men knew a child of his from a scalfan woman might result in an almost pure fairy, who’d live long and have our powers. But you surpassed all expectations, you are pure and beautiful, and hairless, and suitably Scalfan for a prince to marry. You can strengthen our race, help prepare us to return to the surface one day…’ Anagril stopped breathing.  She heard what she expected, but it hurt and confused her more. ‘We have to come back to the surface soon. We have to learn to grow our food again, or we will starve, or end up foraging like animals. The wizards, who can foretell the future, say most humans will die out. It isn’t science as humans have, but they know. We no longer remember what we were, so have to prepare anew. I am hairy because one or more of my ancestors was human, so I am despised, but not you Lady Anagril you are perfect. I have done well for a hirsute, for I have the job of protecting you and Daniel from harm.’
‘And Daniel?’
‘Yes.’
‘Is that because of Paul? He brought those tiles down didn’t he?’
‘Why do you think that?’
‘I had a strange dream, but unlike normal dreams, it didn’t leave my mind. I saw him on the roof, a terrifying expression on his face. Where does my Dan fit into this?’
‘Simple, you love him. Anagril, you will live a long time by human standards and will not age. One day you will have to leave your life here and come to the Scalfan. You will be drawn into it, and not even your love for Dan will stop it. Your human children will grow old without you, for you will still be young. They will live long for humans, but not long enough for Scalfan.’
‘Daniel!’ she sobbed, it sounded as if her heart was breaking.
‘Aggy, he’s a good man. Perhaps one day you can tell him so you can stay together for as long as he lives. Your mother didn’t want to stay here.’ Anagril continued to cry. ‘She did what she considered her duty to her race, and left you with Beatty who loved you, a better mother than she’d have been. Aggy fairies aren’t like humans. I won’t say we don’t know how to love, we do, but in most cases, it’s more lust than love, as you understand it. As for children, they are considered to be very important. But the powerful Scalfan have others to bring up their children, and the servant’s children are brought up without their parents, learning the skills they will need later.’
‘That’s what Paul feels for me isn’t it, just lust.’
‘No, I don’t believe that look at me Anagril,’ she looked into his eyes and saw he wasn’t lying. ‘He’s doing everything asked of him, and for a fairy prince that is not the norm by any means, they are used to getting their way. He has even agreed to leave you with Daniel and wait for you - again out of character, but,’ he gripped her hands harder, ‘you will be torn between your human life, and your Scalfan one, and that means Dan and Penegulan too.’
‘Penegulan?’
‘Paul.’
‘And who are you?’
‘Orist.’
‘Orist, you betrayed me.’
‘Aggy, I love you, perhaps that’s my ancient human genes, but I will still do as I am bid, and be your servant and look after you. I have sworn this to my masters and I swear this to you now…’

She pulled her hands away, jumped up and ran off toward the mound, not caring who might see her in her thin nightclothes. She ran to the top and flung herself onto the damp grass. Orist didn’t follow but soothed Emma, who was nervous for her mistress. He knew what would happen, he felt the emotions he’d tried to ignore, and so did Emma.

She thought she’d weep, but her tears had dried, and she turned over to look up at the sky. Penegulan was standing above her and she was ashamed of what she was about to do, betray her Daniel.
It had to be. Neither of them said a word, as if they did the spell would be broken. Penegulan dressed as a Scalfan prince with tight silk trousers and a bare chest - he looked alien in the moonlight, no longer Paul. He knelt, just looking at her until her mind begged him to enter her. Then he kissed her as he had longed to do, and gently touched her.

Their lovemaking was passionate. It differed from human mating, although Anagril couldn’t explain why. Afterwards, she was at peace for the first time since she’d met Paul, her body renewed, and she knew what Orist told her was true. One day she’d go with this man into his subterranean world. They lay intertwined, waiting for the early dawn. As it came, he left her. She still lay naked on her clothes until Orist came. She was dazed and shivering, she did as he asked while he helped her dress and took her home.

Daniel woke and Orist bid him sleep longer, while he helped Anagril to wash. He put her to bed in her father’s old room. Neither spoke, but he acted as if she was a helpless child in his care. He used his powers to help her sleep before going back to Daniel, to tell him to wake, and then went downstairs to wait.

Daniel wondered where Anagril was and went downstairs to look for her. He was very thirsty, and had a headache and longed for a fizzy drink from the fridge. Owen was lying on the couch, Emma on the floor beside him.
‘Aggy asked me to stay, she wasn’t well, so she slept in another room so as not to disturb you,’ he offered as an explanation. ‘I hope she got to sleep.’
‘What’s wrong with her?’ Daniel made a move to go to her.
‘Just an upset tummy - let her sleep Daniel, she’s been up half the night. To be honest I’m tired too. I’d like to go home and get a few hours’ sleep. Emma’s been out and I’ve fed both animals.’
‘Thanks, Owen, I’ve got a shocking hangover. I need a Panadol,’ he reached into the fridge and then drank lemonade from the bottle. ‘Are you sure she’s ok, she’s never sick, and I don’t remember her drinking much?’
‘You weren’t in any state to see Dan, she had more than normal, I expect it was just that.’ Owen smiled. ‘Let her sleep it off, you should go back to bed too.’

That day felt unreal. Owen got a few hours’ sleep before going out to a job, and Anagril and Daniel didn’t get up until mid-afternoon. Anagril put on the clothes Owen thoughtfully left on the chair and went downstairs, where a now recovered Daniel was watching television.
‘Aggy at last, you’ve been asleep for hours. We’ve only been married two weeks and we’re already in separate beds.’
Anagril smiled, but he didn’t see her eyes were sad. ‘Sorry Dan, I rarely drink so much? Luckily Owen has a better head than we do. He looked after us.’
‘Ahem, I’ve always liked Owen but I have to ask, it’s been gnawing at me since I got up, he didn’t… you know?’
She had to lie to Daniel for the first time in her life. Worse, she’d be living a lie for the rest of his life, she might not have slept with Owen, but she had Paul. ‘No Daniel, he’s a good friend. He’s just a good, kind man, I suppose he’s like the brother, you never were. He’s never had a real family, only Paul and that mysterious uncle,’ she insisted, trying to block out what had happened last night. The lies came easier than she expected, which didn’t improve her conscience.



Chapter 17

Anagril didn’t see Paul alone until Saturday when they met up for a meal in Oxford.  When Daniel went to get the drinks, he looked at her as a secret lover might. He smiled at her and his usually empty eyes were warm, he expected her to behave the same way but Anagril just looked away. Paul was puzzled and looked at Owen, who just gave a short shake of his head.
As usual, they went back to the cottage afterwards. Paul was alone with Anagril in the kitchen, while the others sat outside in the balmy night air.
‘Anagril,’ Paul started, but a glare in her eyes warned him to stop.
‘What Paul, or should I say Penegulan? Do you expect me to open my legs for you here in our home? No!’
‘Anagril, haven’t I been patient, I thought I’d go mad wanting you. It’s happening to you too, you won’t be able to stay away from me for much longer. Can’t you sense it? You’ve felt it from the first time we met,’ he sounded desperate, ‘I promise Daniel never has to find out. I must tell you, I love you Anagril.’
‘Hush, be quiet, Daniel’s coming.’
Their eyes met. She wanted him as he said she did, but this wasn’t like the love she shared with Daniel, this was very different. Maybe not love at all, perhaps this was the Scalfan lust Owen mentioned.

That night after making love to Daniel, she cried herself to sleep. The betrayal of her husband was breaking her heart, but she admitted it felt inevitable, even natural. As Orist had tried to explain, she’d be torn between the two worlds and then eventually forced into an unknown one. She had to find out more, being careful so Daniel and Beatty didn’t become suspicious. She must be patient and so must Penegulan.

They went back to London. Anagril might be safer here but longed to go back to the cottage. Why, what for, was it Paul? She’d finished her father’s book and with modern technology could work anywhere. She had no excuse to stay at the cottage on her own. At last, fate as always took its turn. Dave had a bad bout of flu, and then pneumonia, and Daniel had to go to the Gulf in his stead.
As she guiltily said goodbye to her husband, a part of her, the Scalfan part, knew she was setting off on an adventure, like her teenage heroine, in her nearly completed novel.

It was October, almost the first anniversary of moving into the cottage. So much had happened.
Owen knocked at the door and walked in.
‘Well Orist, take me to your leader,’ she said, she wasn’t joking, and she wasn’t smiling. ‘What shall I wear? I’ve no idea.’ She decided on a long dress and a shawl.

Owen handed her a large brandy as he gave her a quick rundown on how to behave, and then a nervous Anagril and her servant were on their way. She insisted on walking seven times around in an anticlockwise direction, even though Orist said it wasn’t necessary, just hearsay.
‘I’m not a fairy yet,’ she said. Orist walked with her. ‘Non farest Vu Tiel.’ She said, not knowing from where the words came.  Before was deep darkness. She grabbed Orist’s hand and gingerly walked towards it.
‘Remember Aggy, in here I am not your equal, you are my Lady, and I your servant.’
‘Rubbish,’ she replied. ‘Owen I’m terrified, it’s pitch black but I can see where I am going?’
‘Yes, you have Scalfan eyes, there will be lights presently, they are dim here near the edge, but you’ll be more confident soon.’
Sure enough, fifty dark, straight yards on there were lights, pretty glass lattice filled with a fluorescent moss.
‘Owen, am I dreaming? Or perhaps I’m taking drugs in a horrid mental institution, wasting my life away. Oh god, am I?’ She paused. ‘Is it far?’
‘A long way underground, the mound is the entrance. Aggy, we can move much faster than this, take my hand and I will show you.’

‘Stop, stop,’ she begged, ‘I’m dizzy.’
Orist slowed his fast walk. ‘You’ll get used to it. Do you realise how far we came in those few seconds? We covered a mile and a half.’ He smiled. ‘Nearly there, if Penegulan sees us holding hands he will be angry. Let me take your shawl, you don’t need it.’
‘But surely it’s chilly here?’
‘Not for Scalfan, you’ll soon acclimatise.’
‘Owen, I’ve changed my mind. Let’s go back. I’ve decided I’m not dreaming and I’m very frightened.’
‘Aggy it will be fine. As I explained, Loneghan is as sensitive as an important Scalfan can be. That’s why he’s “on your case” as they say on the surface. Penegulan has to do as he says. You will be treasured here. It is only a few yards now, see the brighter light, that’s the main entrance to our world. Once Thrangil was a large city, but now we use a few rooms in what was the palace. I’ve set up a room for you to use while you are here. I brought the furniture you gave Penegulan, to make you more at home…’

She stopped before the threshold. This wasn’t a plain tunnel. The arch, denoting the start to the city, was curiously curved, two scimitars placed one over the other, and the strange writing, the same as on the necklace Paul gave her. Inside the walls were smooth and coloured buttermilk, the floor tiled with soft, green slate. Larger and more elaborate coloured lamps gave more light.
‘It’s pretty,’ admitted Anagril.
‘As I told you it’s neither drab nor dark here. I used bright green, blue, and turquoise silk for the curtains in your room, edged with deep cerise and gold. You’ll like bright colours.’
The tunnel ended in a large chamber that could never be described as a cave. It was cut from the rock and painted a terra cotta colour, and draped with striped fabric in turquoise, terra cotta, and gold, like the banners in a medieval great hall. There were braziers at intervals giving off a much softer heat than the fierce heat of coal or wood.
‘It’s called talacran, we find it deep underground, it burns slowly with no harmful fumes and gives light and warmth,’ Orist explained. ‘Lady Anagril,’ he used her full name, ‘please wait here.’
He led her to a stone seat cushioned with more of the banner fabric.

From under one archway, leading off the room came a man, tall and handsome. His hair was paler than Owen’s strawberry blond locks and he had blue eyes, bright in his pale face. He wore a robe in a silvery fabric. He bowed and said. ‘Welcome my Lady Anagril to Thrangil, my name is Loneghan, and Thrangil is even more beautiful for your presence here.’ She recognised his voice, he was the supposed uncle, Mr Ranagast. ‘Your servant and betrothed have told me of your beauty.’

As if waiting for a cue, Penegulan entered. He looked so different here, proud and sure of himself. Dressed similarly as when they met on the hill, tight bright blue pants with matching soft leather boots. Again his chest was bare, but he wore a chain of gold and lapis.
He did not speak but bowed and looked at her with great longing. Anagril lowered her eyes, embarrassed at his deep feelings for her. He ignored Orist and held out his hands to her. She did not return his gesture and his hands dropped to his sides, while his eyes flamed with anger.
‘Patience Penegulan,’ said Loneghan in his most persuasive voice. ‘Your Lady is overawed; we must not rush her but give her time to be at home here. Lady, the prince is eager for your touch but will do as you wish.’

Loneghan took her hand and led her along many corridors and until they reached the palace, the decor richer than in the anteroom to the city. They finished up in a small reception room next to a dining room, decorated in rich fabrics and furniture from different ages and styles.
‘Please Lady sit? Leave Orist,’ ordered Loneghan.
 ‘No, I’d like Orist to stay please.’ Anagril said, dizzy with the emotions racing through her mind.
‘Orist will help to serve our meal with the other Calpin, you must never confuse your outside friendship with his status here, Lady Anagril.’ 
A Calpin appeared and gave her a goblet filled with a pale pink sparkling wine. Although her throat felt too tight to swallow, she took a sip.
The wine was different than she was used to. She relaxed as she had more glasses, but could not do anything but pick at the strange food on her plate. Loneghan tried to make her at ease by describing what the dishes comprised of and making everything as normal as possible. The more he did so, the more dreamlike it became.
At last, she found her voice. ‘Loneghan,’ she said shakily, ‘is it true what Owen, Orist told me, I will live for a long time?’

Her eyes full of tears looked into his, and Loneghan appreciated not just her beauty, but her human heart and gentleness, unknown in Scalfan. And why her servant and her prince loved her. Her look of absolute helplessness and despair moved him deeply, for the first time in his long life. He was experiencing the power she had over men, a power she didn’t know she had. No wonder even a simple Calpin like Orist would die for her. And what of he, old and wise and utterly ruthless in the manner of all wizards? He had a wish to kiss her soft lips, so different from the cruel, lustful lips of the other fairy women.
‘Lady, you will live for thousands of years,’ he whispered.
‘Daniel!’ she cried out her voice breaking, and then she stood. ‘I must go home, please where is Owen, I must go home!’
Orist was there.
‘Take your Lady home Orist. We will see you again Anagril when you are ready.’ Orist put her shawl around her for she was shivering uncontrollably. Penegulan went to take her hand, she pulled away. ‘No Prince,’ urged Loneghan, ‘let her Calpin take her home.’
Orist and Anagril were already on their way.

‘Let me go with her, even an old man can see she feels the same as I do. She wants me!’
Penegulan’s thoughtless words made Loneghan deeply sad. Like Orist, he believed the prince didn’t deserve her, and for a moment imagined himself in Penegulan’s place and then felt foolish, he was old, too old for Anagril.
‘Penegulan, stop thinking about yourself, you can sense how close she is to losing control? We must look after her mind. Only time will calm her. She has to learn to accept one day she must leave Daniel.’
‘Daniel, always Daniel!’ Penegulan left abruptly, but he’d listened to the wise words of Loneghan. Instead of following Anagril, as he’d intended, he walked the old dark parts of the city.

Anagril didn’t remember the journey back, she was suddenly sitting on the familiar sofa in the kitchen, her body still shaking with fright. The phone rang.
‘Daniel, it must be Daniel. Owen, I’m late, it’s nine o’clock. I can’t…’
Owen picked up the phone. ‘Oh hello Daniel, have you been trying to ring? You know Aggy doesn’t check her phone, even less take it with her, and it spends too much time uncharged. Yes, she’s here, but she’s feeling lost without you, so I persuaded her to have a curry with me after we’d been to the supermarket, sorry Dan.’ He looked over and Anagril nodded. ‘Here she is now.’
‘Daniel?’
‘Aggy, you sound breathless.’
‘Yes, I’ve been chasing Emma, as soon as we got back she wanted to go out, and then she did one of her disappearing acts, a rabbit I suppose. Owen and I were out looking for her.’ Owen went outside with Emma, giving Anagril privacy. ‘How long will you be away Dan, I miss you.’
‘Are you getting weepy Aggy? I’ve only been away a few days. I’ll be back in two to three weeks. The contractor has got out of his depth. Hey, don’t cry, it’s not for long.’
‘Just my hormones Dan; talking about that, I know I said I wanted to wait, but I’d like a baby soon.’
Silence. Dan sounded taken aback. ‘Anagril are you sure, why the sudden change? It was you who said we were too young to be tied down with babies.’
‘I’ve changed my mind, Dan, must be hormones.’
He laughed. ‘All right sweetheart we’ll discuss it when I get home. I won’t stop you.’
‘Dan, it’s not just up to me.’
‘I’ll ring earlier tomorrow before Emma’s walk. I love you.’
‘I love you too.’

Anagril sank onto the floor, Owen helped her onto the sofa.
‘You should get to bed, Aggy.’
‘No, not yet, I need to talk.’
‘Aggy, you are so distressed you can’t even stand, and you’re shaking like a leaf. I should ring Beatty and ask her to come.’
‘No, you mustn’t. What would we tell her? Owen, I’m not mad am I?’
‘No you are not, but you are frightened and deeply troubled, and who can blame you? I’ll make up that cocktail Cliff makes, he showed me how.  I won’t be long, just put your feet up while I find everything.  I’d better feed the animals first.’

He soon came back with a tray and a glass jug and glasses. The strong concoction looked professional, he’d put in fresh herbs from the garden.
‘We didn’t have the greenery at Christmas, Owen.’
‘Hard to get fresh herbs when it’s snowing.’
 ‘Please sit next to me. I’m so lonely without Daniel, would you mind if I asked you to hug me. I know you’re my Calpin, is it allowed?’
He nodded, then sat beside her and she lay against his cheek and shoulder. He’d made a mistake. Orist was concerned she’d sense his lust, and withdraw her friendship. When she reached for her glass on the coffee table, he moved a pillow onto his lap, and joy, she laid her head down on it. If he made a move to touch her, would she respond? He believed she would, it took all his strength not to push the thin strap off her shoulder and expose one breast and touch her. He mustn’t, no matter the temptation. As her personal Calpin, it was usual for a Culan Lady to ask for sex, demand he should warm her bed. Anagril was human born, perhaps one day…
Three cocktails later she sat close, her head on his shoulder. Did she have any idea? How easily he could slip his hand between her legs… and in her current mood? On his lips, were the words, can I make love to you Aggy, for I love you more than life? He controlled himself and when she uttered her next words, he was thankful he had.

‘I think I’ve forgiven you, Owen,’ she said, ‘but not Penegulan, he shouldn’t have made love when I was so vulnerable, he should have waited for me. I’ve asked Daniel for a baby. I want to be with him and our children for as long as I can before I’m forced to leave them.’
Her tears fell, and again she laid her head on the cushion. He gently stroked her hair, until, exhausted, she fell asleep. When she was, he moved his hand to cup one breast and then caress it.  She murmured slightly but didn’t wake, and Orist pulled her dress down further.

She awoke naked in her bed. The bright sun was shining in the window. It must be late. Oh god, Owen must have carried her to bed and undressed her. Did they? She panicked, no he wouldn’t take advantage, he’s not like Penegulan. She got up, and found her dressing gown and went downstairs, her legs still trembled.

Owen was still there, making soup in the kitchen.
‘Are you better Aggy?’
‘I’m ok, but how can I say this? We didn’t, did we? I wasn’t myself…’
‘No, we didn’t. As you say, you weren’t yourself.’
‘Thank you, Owen, we want no more complications.’
‘No my Lady.’
‘Please don’t call me that, not here. I’ll have a shower. Thank you for looking after me.’

The next week their relationship returned almost to normality, never mentioning the other world. Their relationship deepened. They were friends and he must be happy with that, for she, despite the terrible truth, loved him, if not in the way he wanted. This Scalfan mistress wouldn’t beat or berate him.
Paul didn’t visit. Anagril worked hard to complete her book and send it to Judith, it helped to be busy.



Chapter 18

The first baby was born in the middle of August, a boy, they named Nicholas for her father. Now, because of the pressures of Daniel’s work, they lived in the London house with Beatty and Tim. They went to the cottage most weekends, but for both Orist and Penegulan, it felt as if time stopped.
Another baby born the following August, a girl, this time, named Anna and another son John in the next early December.  Even after breastfeeding three children in quick succession, Anagril still had the figure of a girl and this made Beatty nervous. No one else noticed. Not Daniel, proud of his wife, who was just as beautiful as the day he’d married her, even after their three children. Beatty kept her silence, enjoying her grandchildren’s exuberant company.

The years moved too quickly for Anagril. Nick started school, she wept, then Anna and John. It seemed a moment to Anagril, but it was fifteen years since her marriage. Even Daniel noticed Anagril wasn’t ageing, why she looked eighteen, not nearing forty. He remembered his mother’s strange story.
Owen did his best to prepare his human friend Daniel for what would happen, by leaving the old book where he could find it. Daniel read it and showed Cliff when the two old friends were alone at the cottage, but he never mentioned it to his wife.

Life was wonderful for Anagril. Her children were healthy, well-adjusted, and doing well at school. Then their perfect lives were shattered, for Tim died of prostate cancer.
Slowly the family recovered. Dave was not much younger than Tim, and too tired to travel as much, so Daniel was away more. The viable company had moved out of the house and into smart offices in the City twelve years ago.

When the children grew older they used the cottage more, and school holidays were spent there. Uncle Owen was always around to love them and keep them out of trouble. Uncle Paul wasn’t so easy to be close to, but he brought them expensive presents so he was loved too.

Anagril’s books took off after a slow beginning, and she was busy writing. While Beatty put her energies into her grandchildren, and when Daniel was away Anagril spent time at the cottage on her work, so she could get on in peace.

It was sixteen years since her only visit to Thrangil, and time to return. Daniel was away, and she was waiting for his call this time, before going alone. It was midsummer, she wore what she considered her most Scalfan-like gown, and the fairy jewellery Penegulan gifted her through the years. She walked around as before. Time strengthened her, she no longer denied what she knew was the truth. She could now cope with what had to happen, she could no longer stay away, the world of her mother’s people drew her ever closer to the inevitable day she’d have to go to them, and Penegulan. If it were possible, she had become even lovelier, perhaps due to the new peace in her heart, and what, her soul? She was no longer sure what soul meant.

Anagril had no fear this time as she spoke the words from deep within her memories and entered the darkness.  She even walked on fairy feet, as if she had always done so, and stopped just before the arch.
Penegulan waited. ‘Welcome home my Princess Anagril,’ he said smiling, looking almost like his human self. ‘Your husband here has missed you.’
At that moment, Daniel was from a distant time. She walked into Penegulan’s arms and let him kiss her, she pulled back for a moment and looked at him. She had no guilt, why? She still loved Daniel, and felt desire for this man who might be her husband for millennia, but would she learn to love him?

She stayed with Penegulan until it was time for Daniel’s call the next evening. She left her fairy lover asleep. It was odd her guilt hadn’t resurfaced. Why had she changed so much? Because she knew her time on the surface was coming to an end, and soon this dark world would be hers too. Penegulan’s lovemaking pleased her, it had been wonderful, and after she had denied him for so long, all the sweeter. She didn’t love him like she loved Daniel. Was that the fairy part of her, to want a man so badly but without love? Would she change, becoming more and more Scalfan? Orist came into mind and she felt love.

Anagril lived this duel life for five years, disappearing to the cottage to write whenever Daniel was away, while Beatty looked after the children in London. Everyone noticed her appearance wasn’t that of a middle-aged woman. It took lots of practice to look older, Orist and Penegulan managed it well, especially Orist.  Over the years, Anagril changed, she was quieter, less impetuous, as if she wanted to merge into the background and not be noticed. The only time Beatty saw the old Anagril was with Daniel, she still loved him as much as ever. Although Anagril loved her children just as fiercely, she was happy for Beatty to take her place as much as possible. As if readying them for what must be. Beatty saw all of this, her strange feelings warning her, but of what? She was still robust, although her hair now pure white, and she’d given up long ago trying to keep her weight down.

It was another summer day, the same as many before, when Anagril and Beatty sat in the London garden in the sun, drinking tea after a late lunch. Suddenly tears rolled down Anagril’s cheeks.
‘Perhaps the time to tell me why you always seem to be elsewhere lately, Anagril?’ said Beatty gently, but her heart thumped, and she was nauseous.
‘I never could fool you, my dearest Beatty? Daniel yes, he never likes to look too deep, in case he sees a different Anagril than the one he loves,’ she sighed. ‘I won’t be able to stay with you much longer.’
‘I don’t understand Anagril, but something isn’t right with you, and it’s getting worse.’
‘Oh something is all right with me, but it doesn’t help us.’
‘You can’t leave me Anagril,’ her voice was nearly a whisper, ‘not after Tim…’
‘Beatty, could you bear to still see me after what I’m about to tell you? I don’t want to lose you, or Daniel, and I don’t know how to tell him. I love both of you so much and my children. But I have to let them go, they’d never understand what is happening. I often hoped…’
‘Hoped what?’
‘I might have taken at least one of them with me, but it’s no use, they are human. I’ve done my best to prepare them, with your help, but now it’s close I don’t know if I’m strong enough.’
Beatty cried and reached for her napkin. ‘You’d better tell me everything Anagril. I’ve waited a long time to hear it.’
‘It starts with my mother, you always knew she wasn’t what she appeared.’
‘Yes, but I didn’t believe I could be so fanciful. Have you seen her?’
‘No Beatty, not yet, it’s a long journey to the capital. I can’t make it until I become one of them and leave my life here behind me. I suppose if she was interested she’d come to see me, but she hasn’t.’

As the strange story unfolded, Beatty knew Anagril told her the truth. Hadn’t she been trying to ignore what her imagination told her since she’d met Marianne, all those years ago?  Dismissing her ideas as fancies of an overactive imagination.
‘If you think I’m crazy Beatty, I’ll stop.’
‘No, perhaps once I might have, but now time for the truth. Besides everything falls into place. Years ago, Daniel showed me a funny little book, I read it, but we never discussed it.’
‘A cheap book, yellow with age, which cost half a penny?’
‘Yes.’
‘It was the book that nearly drove me insane when I first read it. I believed I was having wild fancies, and must be mad and needed help. I didn’t want to believe I was a fairy,’ she laughed. ‘Crazy! When I couldn’t deny it anymore, it still took years for me to enter the Scalfan world again. I’ve been living a half-life for five years, belonging less and less to here, and more to them. Now I find it hard to be here. I want to live as my spirit calls me. But I still love the sun and our animals and birds, flowers and trees on the surface, but the deep calls me too.’
‘With two men?’ asked Beatty shrewdly, frightened for her son.
This was the hard part, telling Beatty she had been unfaithful to Daniel, ‘Yes, I love Daniel as I always have, but then Penegulan calls and I want him. But Beatty I don’t love him, not like I love Daniel. The reason I have to go is that I will live much longer than a human. People think I spend all my time at the plastic surgeon. I don’t want to leave Daniel, and I will be so many years mourning him. And I may never learn to love Penegulan… Beatty, what’s wrong?’
‘I’m fine, it’s not my heart or anything serious, but I’m ill.’
‘Shall I get an ambulance?’
‘No need for that.’
‘I’ll make fresh tea.’
‘No, something stronger, please.’
Anagril came back with whiskey and two glasses.
‘Whiskey at three o’clock in the afternoon, what will the children think?’ said Beatty.
‘Nothing, I doubt they’ll notice, just say “Hi gran, hi mum,” grab something to eat and drink and go to their rooms, as they always do.’ For a moment, Anagril looked like her old self with her wide, gentle smile. ‘I will miss them, Beatty, they have to believe that I’ve died, but you will know the truth and I hope Daniel might…’
‘I hear you Anagril.’
‘Will you both still love me?’
‘Anagril, you are my child as much as Daniel is, and I’ll always love you. I’ll even enter your fairy realm. Is it as cruel as the myths say?’
‘No, not at Thrangil, Loneghan is in charge. He’s a wizard, he teaches me their ways. He’s not cruel, but he is ruthless. Paul or Penegulan should I say, can be. He is the eldest son of the High King. He is never cruel to me, but he can be to his servants, but he knows I hate it and doesn’t hit them if I’m there.’
‘That just proves you never know people, I can’t imagine Paul being cruel.’
‘Only when he’s Penegulan.’ Anagril laughed. ‘Oh, I didn’t finish telling you about my mother did I? Her real name is Charisan, they sent her to the surface to conceive a child by my father. Its sex was immaterial. Dad’s, and your family, were nearly fairy, having interbred with them since they first lived here. Unbelievable isn’t it?’
‘It should be, but it makes sense. But why, if he had fairy blood did he age normally? He had little body hair, odd.’
‘Unlike me, he was still human. Remember too, how it describes what the Scalfan call the smoke sickness?’
‘Paul, at your wedding?’
‘Yes, that was when I believed there was something odd happening. I wasn’t going mad, perhaps the funny little book told the truth?  But back to dad, and Charisan?’ Beatty nodded. ‘You know dad fell for her and along came me, almost a pure Scalfan as Loneghan predicted. I’m a Culan, as the higher castes are called. Owen is Calpin, there are several levels of Calpin, including the tradesmen and merchants. He is my servant and looks after me, it’s confusing. I hope you have an idea what I am saying?’
‘No, it’s so foreign. I’ve prepared for something, I didn’t know what. Don’t tell me anymore. It might make better sense after a few whiskies.’

They both sipped at their drinks. It was as if time had stopped. The birds and insects stopped singing and calling, but the sun was brighter.
‘I’ll miss the children. Nick and Anna will be fine, but John’s sensitive, he’ll miss me most.’ Beatty looked at her, it was sinking in what Anagril was saying. ‘I’ll watch over them, secretly share their lives. Go to their parties, weddings. I hope to see their children born, but I’ll never hold them again unless they sleep…’
‘When Anagril?’
‘It has to be soon. Botox doesn’t explain why my bum and boobs still look like a girl? I suppose everyone thinks I’ve had those done too?’
‘Samantha does.’
‘She would Beatty.  Penegulan hopes I’ll make a complete break. But I’ve begged if you and Daniel don’t mind sharing me, I might stay with you sometimes. I know you’d agree, but Daniel?’
‘Yes poor Daniel, he loses you either way…’
‘Not completely Beatty.’ Anagril sounded desperate.
‘Just enough to break his heart perhaps?’
‘I’m so sorry, but I didn’t ask for this.’
‘No, I’m calmer now than I have since I met Marianne, what forty-two, no forty- three years ago?’
‘Try forty-four.’
‘Goodness is it? It’s as if my anxieties have melted away.’
‘It’s the whiskey.’
‘Perhaps, Anagril. I will help you tell Daniel, but we both know he’ll suffer.’
Anagril couldn’t stop the tears, and she set Beatty off again too.
‘Anagril might we both be mad?’
‘Perhaps.’



Chapter 19

The company started by Tim and Daniel over twenty years before was doing well. They worked in Europe now as the Middle East was in an increasing state of flux.
Dave retired a while ago, and Daniel made a considerable amount of money, and they were no longer dependent on Anagril’s inheritance. He no longer needed to work, financially they were secure.
Beatty came up with the plan for Anagril to retreat from their world. Anagril and Daniel would hire a boat, overturn it, she’d disappear, presumed drowned. Daniel would sell the company and retire to the cottage. Nick was doing well at university studying law, and able to look after himself.  Anna was studying to be an accountant, hoping for a high-powered corporate position when she’d finished. Only John was still at school and soon taking his final exams. He knew what he wanted, like his grandfather he was interested in English and History and wanted to get into Oxford, aiming for an academic future. As soon as he was secure in that, they’d put the plans in action.

For the conspirators, it was as if time was going too slow. The plans were easy, but Daniel was another matter. Beatty said they had to tell Daniel soon. John had his place at Oxford. They couldn’t delay any longer.

Beatty and Anagril went to the cottage, ostensibly to spring clean. In reality for Anagril to pack what she wanted to take with her, including a car full they’d brought from London. Owen was still living in the flat. Now when Beatty looked at him she saw he was not quite a human man, but a strange, handsome creature. Why hadn’t she noticed his eyes before, they looked ancient, like a cat. His smile was just as warm and he hugged the old lady.
‘Thank you, Owen, or Orist, for looking after my girl all these years.’
‘And thank you for being my good friend Beatty. I’ll leave when you are telling Daniel, but I’m a thought away if you need me. I will help sort out your things later Aggy.’
‘Yes thank you,’ Anagril looked frightened.

They waited for Daniel. Owen left as soon as he’d emptied the car. It was Friday afternoon and Daniel promised to be early. Anagril wore the dress he’d bought her for the Paris honeymoon. Sexy he said and didn’t find it strange it still fitted her. Beatty too decked out in her best, they sat in the posh drawing room, sipping sherry trying, to stay calm.
They heard his car, and the garage door opening and then closing, neither moved, they just stared at each other. The front door opened.
‘Aggy, mum?’ he shouted. The door to the best sitting-room was open, inviting. He whistled. ‘Wow, look at you two. What’s the occasion, have I forgotten something,’ he grinned.  Anagril stood, her face telling him that this wasn’t a happy occasion.
‘What’s wrong?’
‘Sit down Daniel,’ said his mother. Something in her tone made him obey without further questions. ‘Damn this sherry Anagril, pour us a scotch please.’

Anagril told her husband the story in a far more coherent way than she’d told his mother. He went white and didn’t make a joke. They both recognised he believed her.
‘So mum, how long have you known?’ he said, at last, his voice squeaked with stress
‘I think I’ve always known, but I pretended my lovely girl was healthier than most, and later she had excellent genes, that’s why she looked no older. At least that’s what I kept telling myself, what excuses have you been making?’
He got up, went to the window, and ran his hands through his hair. He looked so like Tim as he did so, and Beatty acutely missed her husband.  Tim would deal with this better.
‘Dan please?’ begged Anagril.
‘You’ve been with Paul, for six years?’ He looked up at the ceiling, his pain obvious. ‘I believed in you, loved, and trusted you, and you’ve been sleeping with another man?’
Neither woman had ever seen him so upset, not even when Anagril turned down his first marriage proposal.
‘Daniel, aren’t you listening?’ shouted Beatty. ‘This isn’t just an affair, is that all you heard? Your fairy wife has to leave, but if you are willing, she will come to us in secret.’
‘In secret - fairies? You are both mad - don’t be ridiculous. What excuse is that? My wife has betrayed me, end of the story. End of story!’
‘Daniel listen, you showed me that book? You never said why you did that. Think Daniel,’ said his exhausted mother.
Not looking at either of them he left the room, they heard the back door slam.
‘He won’t forgive me, will he?’ said Anagril after a few moments silence, ‘I must leave him, watch him from the shadows. Oh, Beatty, I can’t let him go. I’m going after him.’
‘Wait a little while, he’ll calm down, then I’ll come with you.’

Daniel ran towards the mound. Seven times around anticlockwise. He repeated over and over as he walked around.
When he stopped his vision blurred, he heard voices, and saw a deep blackness and walked towards it.
Anagril sensed it happen. ‘Oh no Beatty, they’ve let him in. I must go after him.’
‘Is he in danger? Wait, Anagril I’m coming with you.’
‘No Beatty stay here, please.’
‘I am coming with you Anagril. Slow down.’
Anagril waited while Beatty fumbled locking the old kitchen door. ‘Here Beatty take my hand.’

Beatty entered the mound still holding tight to Anagril’s hand. Loneghan waited for them in the outer reception room.
‘Where is Daniel, Loneghan?’ she demanded.
‘Safe for now, Anagril is this Beatty, your mother figure? Perhaps you should introduce us.’
‘Yes, Loneghan,’ said Anagril impatiently, ‘who else would I bring in here? Where is Daniel?’
‘He’s fine, Orist is following him, making sure he comes to no harm. When Daniel is calmer he will bring him to you.’
‘I’d better go to him. Please take care of my precious Beatty?’
Loneghan graciously inclined his head.

‘Orist where are you?’ Anagril called out mentally.
‘Here Lady!’
She followed his silent voice.
Orist, dressed as a Calpin, watched Daniel, who wandered around a lower cave once used to house horses. There was freshwater, a stream diverted for the animals, but there were no animals now and so no light, and Daniel walked into the water. It wasn’t deep, but he had fallen in and was scared because he couldn’t see, and shivering because of his wet clothes.
‘Help me get him back to the palace Orist. He’s in shock. Where’s Penegulan?’
‘In his rooms.’
‘Supposedly he’s been a friend to Dan for years, and now the truth is out, they hate each other.’ Anagril was angry.
‘No, give it time.’
‘Daniel?’ Anagril called out.
‘Go away, fairy, go away. Don’t they say your love drives a man to madness, well you succeeded with me.’
‘Dearest you are not mad, just hurt, and upset and I understand why. I still love you, I always did and always will.’
‘What? You’ll remember me when I’ve been dead a thousand years?’
‘Yes, my love, even then.’

Penegulan joined them, his face expressionless at the words his love avowed to his rival.
‘Daniel!’ he shouted. ‘It’s Paul. Come on out, it’s freezing in there. As she says, she loves you. She’s never lied about how much she cares for you. She’s never told me she even likes me. I’ve been jealous of you because I love her too. I even tried to kill you once, but now you are my friend and I wish you no harm. Our beautiful Lady will be heartbroken if her true love deserts her. Please come back with us.’ Anagril turned to Penegulan her face registering her shock at his words. ‘I’ve changed haven’t you noticed? He is my friend. I owe him, one day his wife will be mine.’

After much coaxing, Orist and Penegulan helped him from the stream. They took him to a guest room where Penegulan gave him human clothes. Then they led him to Beatty, who was sipping tea with Loneghan as if in a London drawing-room. The ludicrous situation struck Daniel as funny and he laughed hysterically.
‘If you will excuse me, Lady Beatty,’ said Loneghan in a calm voice, ‘I will see your son is made safe. Lady Anagril, please stay here and keep your mother company.’ He went with Orist who was holding up a weeping Daniel. Anagril and Penegulan sat. Beatty looked calm but dazed.
‘Perhaps we need a stronger drink than tea, Penegulan?’ Anagril suggested.
‘Turlov!’ Penegulan shouted for a Calpin, ‘bring scroush.’
‘Scroush?’
‘Yes, Beatty, it's fairy whiskey.’
‘What a delightfully, descriptive name.’

Orist and Penegulan carried Daniel back to the cottage and put him to bed. Shortly afterwards Anagril took Beatty back too. Considering she had drunk lots of scroush, she was remarkably sober.
Penegulan left Daniel to Orist’s care and said goodbye to Anagril and Beatty. Anagril followed him to the door.
‘Penegulan, you surprised me. Thank you for helping Daniel. I never thought you capable of loving anyone, and certainly not capable of acts of kindness.’
‘Never thought me capable of love, my Lady? What do you think I’ve been feeling for you for so long?’ He leant over and kissed her forehead, and she gently stroked his face.
‘Thank you.’

Owen sat with Beatty for the rest of the night. She sat in the dark in her favourite chair in the old sitting room. She didn’t move or speak until the dawn came, and then she suddenly said. ‘How is Daniel, Owen?’
‘Sleeping Beatty, Anagril is with him.’
‘Has he gone mad, as they say, visitors to your world do?’
‘No Beatty, he’ll recover. He needs rest.’
‘I’m tired too, Owen.’
‘Come on Beatty, I’ll help you up the stairs.’
‘Would you? I wish Tim was here, he’d know what to do.’
Daniel appeared to be unconscious, and Anagril sat watching until the dawn, then she slipped off the dress he loved so much, climbed in, and held him close.

Daniel slept for nearly two days, Beatty until the following evening. When she went downstairs, Anagril mechanically prepared food in the kitchen and Owen watched TV. All that’s was needed was long dead Emma stretched out on the rug, for looking at their fairy faces, it was as if no time had passed. Beatty stood at the door watching them.
‘Beatty darling, come in, sit down and I’ll make tea.’
‘Would you Anagril? I’m very thirsty.’
‘It was all that scroush,’ said Owen smiling.
‘Yes, it must have been. I’m light-headed, but the fairies haven’t driven me out of my mind. How’s Daniel?’
‘Calm, he’ll sleep awhile yet,’ said Anagril. ‘We will have to wait and see what he wants to do.’
‘He will want to be part of your life, I’m sure of it.’
‘I hope so,’ Anagril looked away.

Anagril sensed him stir later that day. ‘He’s waking up,’ she said jumping up and ran upstairs and sat beside the bed. ‘Dan darling, can you hear me?’
‘Aggy? Where am I?’
‘Home.’
‘Have I had a fever? I’ve had such strange dreams.’
‘They weren’t all dreams Daniel. Stay there, you need water.’ She ran into the bathroom and filled a glass with water.
She held the glass to his lips, he smelt stale.
‘Ugh, it tastes foul, I have a rotten taste in my mouth.’
‘You’ve been asleep for two days Dan.’
‘The flu?’
‘No, don’t you remember?’
‘Remember?’ He struggled. ‘The mound?’
‘Yes.’
‘Paul?’  She nodded. ‘You’re leaving me for Paul?’
‘No Dan, not completely, I want to stay here part of the time…’
‘Until I die, Aggy?’
‘Oh yes Dan, if you will have me.’ 
He touched her cheek and cried.



Chapter 20

They told the children their father had the flu, and not to visit in case they caught it.
Dan agreed he wanted Anagril to live at the cottage, while Beatty divided her time between both homes, at least while the children needed her. Anagril arranged for John to stay with an old friend of her father, a retired Oxford Don. As it wasn’t far away Daniel and Beatty worried he might come to the cottage.
‘Please don’t worry, you’d be surprised how well I’ve learned to blend in with the background,’ said Anagril laughing for once. There had been no laughter in the cottage for the few days following Anagril’s revelations to Daniel. She worried about him, although he’d agreed he didn’t want a complete separation, he grieved for his old life. Daniel was never depressed. Anagril was making as much fuss of him as she could, but sometimes the look in his eyes when he looked at her made her falter. It was the look of a man betrayed, yet still in love.
‘I’ll keep most of my belongings at Thrangil, in case any of the children get nosy, by that I mean Anna…’
She tried to stay bright, but her husband’s pain hurt, it was her pain too.

Beatty coped well with the changes. As if a lifetime of uncertainty was over, she wasn’t having odd feelings and fancies and wasn’t losing Anagril. Daniel was not faring well. He had signs throughout life with Anagril, that she was different, but he’d ignored them. When he asked Anagril,  how a lovely, young woman could love an old man, how to convince him she did?

Daniel improved. Penegulan exercised unusual patience and stayed away, while Orist helped run the house, giving Anagril time to try to make her husband believe her love for him.
After two fraught weeks, Dan was coping well enough to go back to London. Beatty was already there. The holiday booked, the excuse being that Dan needed to recuperate from his bout of flu.

‘You’re joking mum,’ said Anna in her usual direct way. ‘You can’t be serious. Fishing? You can’t stand it, and get upset if anyone catches anything.’
‘Yes, but your father likes it, and besides, he never catches anything. He was very ill. Look how thin he is. It’s still warm enough for a walk, or to sit on the beach.’
‘You mean you’ll sit on the beach looking beautiful mum,’ said Nick with a cheeky smile.
‘I hardly think it will be bikini weather Nick, do you?’
‘I’m just paying you a compliment. The guys are so jealous I have a mother who looks like you. I guess you’re cooler than most, you never nag.’
‘No Nick, but I do,’ said his grandmother. ‘Please leave that loaf for toast in the morning, or go buy another one. Don’t you ever stop eating?’

They were packed and ready to go. Anagril and Daniel went to see John, living with Professor Dale and his wife. Although the professor retired from academia a while ago, he still enjoyed writing. John was at lectures so Anagril and the professor took a walk at the end of the long garden beside the river. He was one of the few people left who remembered her mother.
‘Daniel looks worn Anagril, no wonder you are taking him for a break. Whereas you get lovelier every time I see you, so like your mother.’
‘You’re the only person who ever mentions her.’
‘I still wonder what happened. Beatty finally told you she didn’t die, as your father said?’
‘Yes, but it was Dan, Beatty told him years ago.’
‘Nick was so in love. A strange woman, exquisite, but she didn’t have your warmth. I thought her rather cold, but Nick couldn’t see that.’
Anagril, uncomfortable, changed the conversation. ‘I hope John is behaving?’
‘Too well I’m afraid, he never gets into any mischief. He worries us, every undergrad should get into trouble now and then.’
Anagril smiled. ‘But not my John?’
‘No never, he is a fine, young man, clever like you.’
‘Me clever! You don’t approve of my scribbles, you keep telling me I have wasted my talents.’
‘I’ve read every one, but don’t tell anyone.’
They both laughed.

Anagril couldn’t bear to take her eyes from her son. Although she tried not to show it, he was her favourite. With his tall, rangy figure and dark hair, he looked like his father and grandfather, but he was too intense. She loved them all, but Nick and Anna were self-assured and able to take care of themselves. John never minded her hugs and kisses, the others shrugged her off and were always too busy to stop and talk to mum, or gran. John talked and listened, and never squirmed out of their hugs. Please be happy John, please…

Before she got into the car to start the drive to Cornwall, she tried to give Nick a hug and kiss but as usual, he didn’t like it. ‘Hey mum mind my hair, I’ve got a hot date.’
Anna was kinder. Daniel, knowing Anagril would cry, drove away before anyone saw her tears.
Owen hid away from human eyes in the back seat. An eerie hand came out and handed Anagril a handkerchief.
‘Thank you Orist.’
‘Please come out from wherever you are Owen, it gives me the creeps the way you do that,’ said Daniel grimly.

Anagril and Daniel spent a few days looking around the Duchy. Visiting places they’d grown to love until they found a hotel they liked in an old fishing port, which now existed on tourism. The weather was warm and balmy for October, and the seas calm enough to hire a boat. Daniel made enquiries and found a small dingy for hire.
Orist stayed in the same hotel, pretending he didn’t know them. ‘It will get stormy later,’ he called silently to Anagril at breakfast as they ate at opposite ends of the little dining room. ‘It looks a good day to hire that boat. Tell Dan.’

The old fisherman told Daniel to avoid the sand-flats, watch any change in the wind and not to waste time, but quickly get back to port if it did. He insisted they wore life jackets. Owen hid in the boat too. Daniel started the outboard motor, he moved out from the sheltered harbour and around the point, there were no houses, just paths along the cliffs. They couldn’t see anyone watching. In summer, the place would’ve been packed with tourists.
Daniel took the little boat out to sea. ‘How far do I need to go?’ he asked Owen.
‘Until it gets choppy and deeper, there’s a change in the weather coming, if you anchor soon we’ll fish. We must be careful no-one thinks you murdered your wife.’
‘That is not funny. This is hard enough. Let’s turn back and forget this.’ His eyes were wild.
‘Please Dan, the children need finality, you agreed.’ Anagril worried he’d change his mind. ‘If I disappear they will wonder what happened. I don’t want them going through what I did. That’s why my father told me she was dead.’
‘Yes I understand, but Aggy can you imagine how I feel?’
‘Yes, I can. Don’t think I’m not in pain.’
The wind changed. They were a mile from shore.
‘Aggy, I can’t stop shaking, it’s a long way back to shore, and I’m not as strong a swimmer as I used to be.’
‘Orist will help you, and you have a life jacket.’
‘No, he must go with you.’
‘Dan don’t worry about me. I’m Scalfan, and for a reason, I can’t work out, we are good swimmers, I’ll make it to shore on my own, Orist will arrange for my life jacket to wash up on a beach someday.  I’ll see you back at the cottage. Owen and I will come back for my memorial service.’
‘Aggy that’s not funny, I’m about to lose you.’
‘No, you are not. We’ll make love again soon.’
Daniel saw Paul’s face in his mind. The sea was choppier and the wind blowing hard.
‘Now Dan,’ said Owen, ‘I’ll help you to capsize the boat.’
They leaned over to one side, and using his fairy powers Orist forced the broad bowed dingy to capsize, it wasn’t easy, the little boat was old but well designed. Eventually, after several attempts the boat overturned, they were in the water.
‘God it’s freezing,’ said Daniel, gasping for air.
‘I’m here, hold on a moment, Dan.’ Owen swam over to hold onto him. ‘Try to grab hold of the boat while I check on Aggy. You ready to swim Aggy?’
‘Yes, how’s Dan?’
‘I’ve got him, you head for shore, and then we’ll follow before Dan gets too cold.’
Anagril swam confidently and used her steadily improving fairy magic to keep her unseen, just in case someone was walking along the cliff path.
Dan was still trying to hold onto the boat. ‘I can’t see her,’ he sounded panicky.
‘I can, she’s a very fast swimmer and already near to the shore, she’s out and running up the steps. Now it’s your turn. It’s a long way, I hear you’ve been practising.’
‘Yes, damn you, I have, but the pool was heated!’

They searched for her for days but there was no sign. Daniel didn’t have to act as if he’d lost his wife, it was as though he had. She’d be back in Thrangil now with Paul.
The police watched him carefully, asked him questions to which he gave the well-practised answers they expected, and then let him go. Cliff drove Beatty and Anna while Nick went to tell John the news and bring him to Cornwall.

Anna couldn’t stop crying. ‘No it can’t be - not mum, it’s not fair.’
Beatty was surprised at the depth of Anna’s feelings, she’d never shown a great deal of affection to anybody, but taken their love for granted. Beatty was numb. She reached for Daniel’s hand.

Owen met Anagril with a hire car and drove them back to the cottage. She hardly said a word and he left her to her thoughts. Penegulan waited at the cottage, not in Thrangil. He sat in the dark waiting. Orist opened the door and let an invisible Anagril in. Penegulan stood in the hall. His eyes were on Anagril, he didn’t look at Orist when he said. ‘Turlov left food for you in your flat – leave us.’ What could he do but obey?
Anagril didn’t turn on the lights. ‘Do you mind if I put the heating on for a while?’ She asked, ‘I still feel the cold sometimes.’ It wasn’t right he waited for her here. She didn’t tell him he’d made a mistake by being here in the house she still shared with Daniel.
He followed her into the kitchen. ‘There is food ready in the oven, shall I get it out, are you hungry?’
‘Prince Penegulan serving food,’ she said sarcastically, ‘whatever next?’
‘Oh Anagril, shut up,’ he pulled her close and kissed her. ‘Now it’s my turn.’



Chapter 21

Hiding in the shadows as only a Scalfan can, Anagril watched her memorial service. Beatty and Daniel sat as still as stone while the children wept, including Nick. Her friends were in shock. She expected Clare to be upset, but her jealous daughter Samantha cried too. Dave was devastated. Judith sat pale-faced trying not to cry. Mrs Dale was dabbing her eyes and the professor looked older. Cliff sat next to Daniel, his eyes red.
Anagril was divorced from this reality, although she wished she didn’t have to cause so many people pain. But hadn’t this old life of hers felt unreal for many years, even before life at Thrangil?

Daniel sold the business and moved into the cottage, while Beatty stayed on in the London house to help look after Anna and Nick. Since her mother’s death, Anna became more responsible, helping ageing Beatty with the running of the large house. Nick still took both of them for granted.
Anagril insisted on staying with Daniel in the week, going back to Thrangil at the weekend. Penegulan showed unusual restraint, and let her do what she wanted. The children, bar John, came less and less often, and if John turned up out of the blue, she melted away back to Thrangil where Penegulan always waited for her.
She truly was living two lives, but as Loneghan predicted Thrangil and its strange solitude called to her. Sometimes as Daniel lay sleeping next to her, she found sleep impossible, and she’d slip away into Penegulan’s arms.

Six months went. Until one weekend Loneghan said. ‘The King is demanding to see you. The time has come and we must obey his wishes.’
‘Does this mean I am to be officially married to Penegulan?’
‘Yes, a service will be held.’
‘How long will I be gone?’
‘Three months.’
‘That’s too long.’
‘Scalfan are never patient and he is the king, you have to go.’
‘Daniel hates being alone and Beatty can’t come until the summer holidays, she is having treatment for that sore shoulder.  Can’t it wait until then? John will visit and the others will make the odd appearance. Please Loneghan, another month?’
‘Very well, another month. I will send word you will go to Crothel then.’

Daniel had aged since Anagril’s supposed death. His hair, once just elegantly flecked with grey at the temples, was almost white. It broke his wife’s heart to lose such a handsome man to old age, while she still looked the same. Their future together would need all the love she had for him.
As expected, he was upset. ‘Three months without you, I’d go mad.’
‘No, you won’t. Part of that time is the summer holidays, and Beatty will be here, and the children will be in and out when they want extra cash,’ she smiled.
‘These past months have been half bliss and half hell. Holding you is the only part of my life that’s real now,’ but he had to agree and make it easy for her.

Taking Penegulan’s car she enjoyed shopping for her Scalfan wedding. She went alone. There were a few female Calpin at Thrangil, but Anagril didn’t mix with them, Orist was her chief body servant and guardian. As far as Anagril could see the main duties of the women was to cater to the men’s lusts. Most of the work was done by the male Calpin, like Orist
She had a good idea what kinds of clothes they wore in Crothel, very little as it turned out. She bought pretty, summery dresses, and a few very risqué evening gowns for formal occasions, and pretty sandals and shawls. She spent more on clothes in a few weeks than she had the rest of her life. What did that matter, fairy coffers were bottomless? She enjoyed shopping, it made her human again.
She said a long, fond farewell to Daniel, and then Beatty, and flew on fairy feet to the mound to put on her fairy garb for the start of their long journey. She usually accepted the strange and very unscientific fairy magic. But the large, floating box, she and Penegulan were to make the journey in, made her realise just how powerful and clever they were. In different circumstances, she doubted humans would be a match for them, and it made her uneasy.

Four male Calpin were making the journey too, and Orist, who she knew hated leaving his cherished flat to become Scalfan, even for a few months. Worse, he had nowhere to retreat when Penegulan made love to Anagril. The prince enjoyed showing the low Calpin how much he enjoyed it, and he’d never have her. Penegulan used every opportunity to belittle Orist.
The journey was deep underground in secret tunnels, never explored by humans. Most were excavated passages joining naturally occurring caves. Along this route were several Scalfan settlements.

The first was a shock to Anagril, used to the more dignified ways of Thrangil. The minor king of this city was just as lustful as any of his race and made an immediate play for Anagril. Hardly had the introductions been made, when he was leading her away to show her his favourite garden. Leaving Penegulan with his queen, who didn’t mind entertaining the handsome prince in her husband’s absence.
Tagal took Anagril to show her the cavern of exquisite stalagmites and stalagmites, beautifully lit by different coloured lamps. At one end was a still, deep lake. Wasting no time on any preliminaries, he grabbed at Anagril’s thin straps, breaking them in his hurry to put his hands on her breasts. Anagril was so shocked, she took a few moments to react and then she pulled away from his lips. Incensed, she pushed him away and ran off in what she hoped was the right direction to Penegulan, clutching hold of her dress, which threatened to fall.
She soon realised this wasn’t the way back to the city, for the tunnel was getting smaller and hotter, and the lights were infrequent. Then the lights stopped, she was in the dark. She could see in the pitch-black like all Scalfan, but it was shades of grey. Anagril was disorientated, she’d run a long way in her fright. She could see passages leading off and decided to head back, calling to Penegulan as she did so. Then as she turned she saw movement. It might be a Brolach, a dark fairy who lived in hiding, away from the usual settlements. This shape was much bigger though, what if it were a Crlach? Not a fairy, but another ancient race, who took to living underworld long ago.

Anagril screamed in terror as a strong, hair-covered arm grabbed her, and a large hand was placed over her face so she could hardly breathe. Then it hoisted her over a broad, hairy shoulder. It ran fast and effortlessly with its prize. Anagril tried to scream again and realising that might not be reaching Penegulan, she mind-called him. Anagril was thrown onto a surprisingly soft mattress.
The Crlach agitated fluorescent fungus in several crude sconces in the wall. She was afraid to look at her captor, she moved and tried to take a defensive position, if that were possible. He looked like a large man but at least seven-foot, even taller. It had a bare and very hairy chest and arms, and muscles any human bodybuilder would’ve been proud of. Pale skinned with reddish hair tied back, and a plaited beard. It even wore a kilt, of all things, and soft leather boots. His twinkling deep-set eyes had a look Anagril knew well.
‘Who are you,’ she asked, trying to pull her dress up.
‘I’m called Brandt Ca.’ He spoke a similar language to Scalfan, but it sounded guttural and harsh. ‘It’s not often I find a female so far from the city. Such a beauty too, you have to be a noble, not Calpin. Dressed to be a feast for a man’s eyes. Rare enough a beautiful Culan Lady comes looking for Brandt Ca, and never such a beauty.’

Anagril was appalled, the large, hairy creature licked his lips and took off his boots and worse, his kilt. Her eyes were drawn to his large and ready sexual organ.
‘No, you are making a mistake, I didn’t come for that.’
‘Too late now little beauty - you can’t change your mind, you’ll squeal with pleasure just the same as the Calpin who come looking for Brandt Ca, they keep coming back for more.’
Realising she couldn’t reason with him, she leapt off the bed, looking for a way out, but he blocked the only entrance. He was too strong to fight, but she guessed she could run the faster.
Brandt Ca laughed, ‘Stop teasing my little beauty. Can’t you see I can’t wait much longer?’ He moved towards her. Panicking now Anagril moved away. One breast was exposed, Brandt Ca looked at it fascinated, she was well endowed for a fairy. ‘Nice, very nice,’ he said. ‘Let’s see more.’
 ‘Leave her!’
Penegulan! Such relief. Her future husband stood in the doorway, sword in hand. Orist was behind him but moved to one side to help Anagril. ‘As my Lady tells you, she is lost and did not come looking for a Crlach lover.’
‘Believe what you like Culan. If this woman is yours, you should have taken better care. Because after I kill you, I will keep her. I like this one, so unusual.’
‘I am not so easy to kill Crlach.’ Penegulan slowly advanced.
A surprisingly agile Brandt Ca leapt to the side, going for his sword. Penegulan looked dwarfed by his opponent, very slender and fragile in comparison. Orist reached Anagril, and put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her towards the entrance to get her away.
‘Orist please help him, he’ll be killed.’ Her Calpin hated the sound of real desperation in her voice, she cared for Penegulan.
‘I cannot my Lady, a messenger Calpin may not fight. Please don’t worry, the prince is one of the best Culan warriors and the Crlach will be slower for all his strength.’
She pushed Orist away. ‘No, I won’t leave him, if you won’t help him, then I will.’
‘Aggy please!’ but she deftly moved out of his reach and went to find a weapon.
‘Orist,’ shouted Penegulan, ‘get my Lady out of here.’
‘No, I’m not leaving you here alone.’ She found what she was looking for, a large heavy ladle and looked for an opportunity to attack Brandt Ca.
‘Anagril no, go with Orist.’
‘No, I can’t leave you.’  She grabbed the spoon tighter with both hands, letting go of her dress, this was no time for modesty.

The two combatants circled. Brandt Ca had no idea Anagril was behind waiting for an opportunity to strike, why should he? No Calpin, and certainly not a Culan Lady would ever fight.
The Crlach lunged first and Penegulan deftly moved away and easily parried his thrust, and now they fought in earnest. Penegulan was the better swordsman, but then he tripped over Anagril’s discarded dress. Brandt Ca moved in to finish the prince, but Penegulan saw his opportunity, still on the ground, he neatly stabbed the Crlach in the side. Brandt Ca backed away, but he wasn’t defeated.  He snarled at Penegulan, angry now, and Anagril was fearful for her husband. Penegulan lost his sword after a vicious reply from the Crlach and it clanged as it hit the ground. Anagril leapt on the bed and drove the ladle as hard as she could down on Brandt Ca’s head.
But he only turned around to her. ‘I won’t say that didn’t hurt lovely, but you can tickle me again later. You are only inflaming me, acting like a Crlach woman. I can’t wait.’
Anagril was angry now and swung again at his head in desperation, using all her strength. He ducked this time but lost sight of Penegulan, who reached for his sword. Orist saw and quickly moved to push it nearer to his master. Penegulan wasted no time and stabbed Brandt Ca in the back.
This time, the Crlach screamed in agony. Orist grabbed Anagril and forced her to follow him on her fairy feet as she screamed out. ‘Penegulan!’
‘Following, don’t stop Aggy.’

Only when they reached the stone garden did Orist let go of her, and she fell into Penegulan’s arms and burst into tears.
‘I’m here,’ he said clutching her, he was smeared with blood and he still had his sword unsheathed. She looked at him, there was a strange expression in his eyes. Their Calpin rushed in to help, one with a robe for Anagril. ‘My love, we both need a bath, I’m not the only one covered in the Crlach’s blood. Here is my modest princess naked, and seeming not to care.’
For once Anagril let Orist do his duties as his Lady’s chief Calpin. Usually, she bathed and looked after herself, but she let Orist wash the blood off before she took her bath. Anagril was embarrassed. She felt aroused and looked down at his bright, blond hair as he washed away the blood splatters. Had he felt her want? She hoped not, being promiscuous had never been her way, but she loved Orist, just as Penegulan suspected. She let him finish although by now she was burning with desire, his gentle touch inflaming her more.
‘My Lady?’ She saw by his expression he knew how she felt. He looked expectant until Anagril looked away.
‘Thank you Orist, I can manage now. Please check on Penegulan?’
He dropped his eyes and bowed out of the room.

Anagril got into the bath and lay there, trying to forget the Crlach, and instead remember her life back on the surface. But nothing took away her pain at hurting her dear friend. Orist came back to report Penegulan was fine. He looked at her and she saw the hurt in his eyes. She’d hurt him deeply, and not for the first time. How could she tell him she loved him, she always had? Penegulan was now her husband, and soon her marriage would be official, a state occasion and celebration, and Daniel still lived…

She held out her hand to him, she had to tell him why. ‘Orist, I care deeply about you, but I’m still not a fairy. I was brought up human and I can’t behave as you expect of me. I’m not promiscuous, that doesn’t mean I’ve never felt desire for anyone but Daniel or Penegulan, I have. But as yet I can’t take you to bed. Please forgive me if I hurt you.’
All Orist heard was, “as yet.” ‘I understand Anagril,’ he replied quietly, so as not to be overheard. ‘I love you, but here I am a Calpin and have no rights. I am yours, you may kill me if you wish or love me,’ he added. ‘Only on the surface am I free.’
They sensed Penegulan and were silent. As he entered Anagril stood up, and Orist dutifully covered her with a towel and helped her from the bath. She even allowed him to dry her as Penegulan watched.
‘Thank you Orist, I can manage now. Please get wine and something to eat?’
‘Yes, my Lady,’ he bowed low.
‘Stay a moment Orist,’ said Penegulan un-expectantly. He inclined his head, it was as close as a Culan said thank you to a Calpin.
Orist looked surprised, then bowed and left.

Clutching her towel Anagril walked from the bathroom to her ornate bedroom.
Penegulan followed. ‘So Anagril you do care whether I live or die, and I believed you didn’t love me. Not the way you love that Calpin.’
‘I didn’t want you hurt.’
‘That’s the only reason you fought for me? Look at me and tell me you don’t care for me.’
She let the towel drop and turned to face him. ‘I care for you Penegulan, would I sleep with you if I didn’t?’
‘When Daniel is dead, you will love me?’
She didn’t reply but instead pointed to the bandage on his arm. ‘I didn’t realise you were hurt.’
‘It’s a small cut, it will soon heal.’

When Orist crept in and left food and drink, his master and mistress were making love behind the sheer curtains of the bed. How he wished he could return to his old job as a messenger, away from this torture,
He knew his pain would never go away.



Chapter 22

Tagal apologised for frightening his guest. The next night at the official banquet, an eager audience begged Penegulan and Anagril to tell their story.
‘So this Brandt Ca Crlach is leaving us for a while. The Calpin females will be unhappy. I hear several like his services,’ the King laughed. ‘Fancy believing that a Culan would need him. Can’t he tell the difference?’ He turned to his wife. ‘My dear, would you go to a Crlach for a fuck?’
‘Perhaps,’ she said with a cruel expression, ‘if he wasn’t too ugly. They have a reputation for making women happy.’ The woman’s beautiful face looked vicious now. ‘I would’ve accepted it. What’s another man inside you? Because you resisted Lady look what followed. Your betrothed husband acted as if he was an ancient warrior. He might have died, and he is the crown prince. Now our female Calpin’s sex toy has gone to ground to recover from his wounds, for goodness knows how long? You should have enjoyed him, much safer.’
This was Anagril’s first encounter with a female Culan. She wondered if her mother was the same? Was her father - just another man inside her? Anagril felt alien, and great sorrow for her father’s wasted life, waiting for a woman just like this one. Charisan hadn’t made the journey to Thrangil to see her daughter, she had few hopes she’d be a mother to her.

Penegulan knew Anagril wasn’t enjoying the banquet and made excuses to leave early.
‘So I don’t behave like a Culan Lady, and apparently, you didn’t behave like the average Culan prince either, when you came to rescue me?’
‘You are no fairy woman. You’d be horrified at having such a creature inside you, as Philana so crudely puts it. What else could I do? When he saw the difference between you and a Calpin or even a Culan, he’d take you somewhere where I might not find you.’
‘I am different from other fairy women?’
‘Believe me, you are.’
‘You are different too Penegulan like Orist isn’t like the other Calpin. I believe the time you spent on the surface as humans improved you.’
‘Believe that, but I value the pleasures we share.’
‘That’s all?’
‘No Scalfan husband ever admits he loves his wife, even a favourite mistress. Don’t expect me to admit this to anyone else,’ he leant forward to whisper in her ear. ‘I love you Anagril, and one day you will love me back.’

Every minor city they visited was the same. The noblemen expected Anagril to sleep with them, and the ladies the same of Penegulan. He believed Anagril might be right, perhaps he had changed, but it wasn’t just the time on the surface, it was Anagril too. It was her gentle manners, and warmth that made her so different, not just her beauty. Many Culan ladies were beautiful and vastly more sexually experienced than his betrothed wife.  But she felt better than others who’d shared his bed, and he enjoyed their lovemaking. Since her, the pure lust of fairy love palled, with Anagril he savoured every sweet moment. Why look for Scalfan love when he had her? His family would never understand, nor his old lovers. He’d had sexual adventures on the surface too, but Anagril was the best of both.
As Penegulan observed his soon to be wife, Orist watched them. He knew his old master had changed from just another vicious Culan to a man with almost human feelings, but that didn’t please him. For Anagril might learn to care for Penegulan, in the way he craved. All those years he had served as his Calpin, sometimes he had been beaten to the point of death. Without Loneghan’s interference, he’d be dead. He asked himself why he hadn’t let Brandt Ca kill Penegulan, but he knew the answer, for his Lady. If it wasn’t for her he’d still be a messenger on the surface, free there, pretending to be a human. He was happy to sacrifice his freedom for her, even help his enemy live, for she’d be unhappy if he were to die.

They were being followed. Orist was certain of it and consulted another of the Calpin who agreed. He wished his master had brought more Vangil, but Penegulan had travelled this way many times with no problems. There were no reports of Brolach in these well-populated areas.
He hurried to tell Penegulan. ‘Master, please may I speak?’ He indicated they should move away from Anagril, but as one of the other Calpin was pouring her a cup of water she didn’t notice.
‘What is it?’ Penegulan asked haughtily.
‘Please master, lower your voice.’
Penegulan moved further away. ‘Well?’
‘We are being followed, it’s not Scalfan.’
‘Brandt Ca!’
‘Yes, master I believe it may be.’

Both looked over at Anagril, she smiled graciously at the Calpin who asked her if she were hungry, her lovely smile, so warm, so human.
‘Those wounds should have laid him up for a while. I wasn’t waiting for him to get up and fight again. I should have finished him. She mustn’t know Orist.’ He’d called him by name as if he were equal, Orist was surprised. ‘We are only a day from Stlen, if Anagril and I walk, it will be quicker. I’ll commandeer Vangil’s once we get there. In the meantime, we will be observant. I will ask permission from my father to make you a Vangil and I will personally see to your training.’
‘Master?’
‘Are you deaf?’ Penegulan’s tone changed. ‘She needs constant protection and who better than a Calpin who loves her?’ He sneered.
A Vangil - such an honour for any simple Calpin, and a hairy one. Orist to be a warrior?
Anagril said she’d be happy to walk when Penegulan suggested she might want to stretch her legs. They had been on the road for two weeks now, and as they neared the capital the towns were closer together. She knew that once there were underground Scalfan cities in many parts of the world, but now most had retracted to the first settlements on the Eurasian continent.
She was suspicious, this was more than a stretch of the legs. ‘What’s wrong Penegulan?’
‘Nothing, if we walk sometimes it’s much faster, it’s preferable to sleep in a palace than the travelling box, but if you need to rest?’
‘No, I’m fine,’ she looked puzzled.
‘I want a bath,’ said Penegulan absurdly.
‘A bath?’
‘Yes, you said I was becoming more human, a bath. Do you mind?’
‘No, it just sounds odd. How much farther is it?’
‘A couple of hours, not far.’

Stlen was a repeat of the other settlements. King Petralis enthralled, and enthusiastic about Anagril. She was used to diplomatically repulsing the unwanted advances. He was disappointed, as was his lovely wife with Penegulan.

The following conversation was repeated many times as they moved closer to Crothel.
‘So she turned you down?’ said Petralis’s wife, as she finished her toilette for the welcoming banquet. ‘Don’t worry, the prince turned me down too. I can’t believe it, he has been more than willing before. She has human blood and lives on the surface that’s why she’s different. One of their Calpin told one of my females. She’s still part-human, a Calpin, It’s disgusting our crown prince is marrying her. If you ask me Penegulan is corrupted too.’
‘He’s demanded a squad of my best Vangil to see them safe to Crothel? A Crlach took a fancy to her and is following them.’
Scelsa’s eyes glittered. ‘A Crlach, how wonderful, we haven’t had one of those here for years.’
‘Much to your disappointment my love,’ Petralis said dryly.
‘Turned him down too I bet - strange woman. I wonder if that’s why he’s following them, they don’t move around much, plenty of Calpin go looking for them.’
‘And Culan,’ added her husband.
Scelsa just smiled.

Anagril longed for her conversations of old with Beatty and missed her more and more. How could she live here? She’d go mad with only Orist, Penegulan, and Loneghan to converse with.  Loneghan taught her basic fairy magic - walking on the wind, invisibility, and putting animals and humans to sleep, and there was more she must learn.
It was time to leave another Scalfan city, she dreaded the next part of the journey. It was the same at every banquet. First, she was bored and then shocked. The Culan women were worse than their men, sometimes sprawled naked on the cushions. As the night progressed, many coupled in public. She was far from a prude, but this was too much. As soon as it got hotter, Penegulan would make their excuses and take Anagril back to their apartments.

‘Wine, cakes,’ Penegulan shouted to the Calpin, then in a softer voice said. ‘Aggy I’m sorry, but it’s the fairy way of having fun.’
‘And your way,’ she added.
‘It was,’ he admitted. ‘Now I prefer…’ he ran his fingers along her naked back. ‘I love you,’ he said just as Orist came in. He put the tray on the table, Penegulan waved him out.
‘Penegulan, I hate it here. The cities are lovely as are the caves and gardens, but I don’t belong here. I want to go home.’
‘Home!’ Penegulan sounded angry and pulled away to get wine. ‘Your home is here with me.’
But without a sip, he put his glass down, and reached for her, pulling her close, and as always she responded to his kiss.

The Vangil warriors assigned were surprised Anagril wanted none of them as lovers. These were the best of the Calpin. Orist worried Penegulan would forget to do as he had promised - to train him as a warrior.
They reached Crothel in less than the three weeks allotted for the journey. As customary for important visitors, they waited in the first reception room to be met by the nobles. Orist carefully dressed his Lady for the occasion in one of the expensive evening dresses Anagril brought for her presentation at court. On the surface, she’d have worn an under-dress, but here she wore it as the designer dreamed. Sheer, deep-pink and over-sewn on the edges with tiny crystal beads.
 Orist knew the king would behave like the other kings, and warned her.
‘My Lady, the high king – he’ll be just like the other nobles.’
‘Oh no, Orist, not my father-in-law too, and I’m supposed to stay here for six weeks. What shall I do? What if you pretend to be my lover?’
Pretend? He wouldn’t be pretending. ‘Lady you forget I can be killed on a whim. I have no status.’ He lowered his head.
‘Orist, what am I saying? I’m so selfish. I forget sometimes you are a Calpin.’ She stopped talking as Penegulan came into the preparation annexe.
He looked like a prince in green silk trousers and matching boots. As usual, his chest bare, apart from an enormous ruby pendant, and he wore a matching band across his forehead. His Calpin, Turlov followed carrying an imposing box.
‘You look wonderful Anagril. My mother sent these jewels.’ Turlov opened the box. A headband and pendant like the one Penegulan wore but set with emeralds instead of rubies. ‘These denote you as a Princess of the First Royal House. I rarely bother, but in public, my father likes to impress.’ He helped her put them on himself. ‘Stay close, Anagril, don’t get separated.’

They walked through a long tunnel into the reception room, lined with immaculate Vangil standing to attention. If Thrangil was beautiful it was modest, the same could not be said of this huge, breath-taking area. Not a natural cavern, but cut by fairy hands into a perfect dome above them. The roof a cupola, from the bottom it started as the blue sky of a perfect summer’s day. Gradually it changed to a dark night, lit by twinkling stars made from large polished diamonds, which sparkled with the help of myriad coloured lights. Anagril tried to imagine how many Calpin it would take to keep these lamps alight.
Around the walls gathered the nobles of Crothel, and in the centre, on a raised dais the High King Vrangalan and his Queen Lilsina sat in majesty. The king looked more like Penegulan’s brother, not his father. His eyes glittered with the familiar fairy avarice as he looked over his daughter-in-law. ‘Welcome Anagril, such a lovely addition to our family, you are to be congratulated Penegulan, my first son, on such a lovely wife.’
Anagril reddened as he appraised her body beneath the revealing gown. Fairies didn’t blush, everyone noticed this human trait, especially Lilsina. Vrangalan got up from his throne and took her hand from Penegulan. ‘Come lovely one and meet your new mother.’ Lilsina smiled graciously, but her eyes glittered dangerously.

The king introduced her to Penegulan’s many siblings and then a beautiful woman. Anagril gasped, for she had the same eyes and hair as her own, she might be her twin.
‘Your mother Charisan has been looking forward to meeting you.’ Anagril couldn’t miss the sarcasm in Vrangalan’s voice.
Here was the woman Anagril once wanted to know so desperately. Although lately, she’d dreaded the inevitable meeting, and as she had expected, although her mother smiled as she must, there was no warmth in her eyes.
‘Come, my child, let me hug you, the king is right you are lovely.’ Her kiss was light with a token hug.
Anagril was thankful she hadn’t expected more from her mother. Loneghan warned her, although Charisan was one of the loveliest of the Scalfan, she was a jealous woman. Because Anagril was her daughter, it didn’t mean she’d love her, Scalfan’s were not human.
Charisan knew her fears were founded. Anagril was as beautiful as the reports suggested, and now her daughter was her rival.
The King took her hand again and led her along another long, wide tunnel. As they walked he moved his hand to her shoulder and then his long elegant fingers moved over her breast.
Anagril moved his hand away. ‘Please, your majesty, I am here to marry your son.’
‘Anagril my pretty child, you will marry all of us.’ He pulled a curtain aside and thrust her into a small room.
‘Please, I am not Scalfan bred, I don’t…’ but he kissed her and his hands went to cup both her breasts.
‘I like these,’ the king pulled off her straps and moved to kiss her nipples.
Anagril was shocked, but recovered and tried to move away, but the king refused to let go, so she kicked him hard in the shin. Vrangalan yelled in pain and Anagril ran. The sentry just outside didn’t move as Anagril tried to make her mind up which direction she should take.
Orist was there. ‘This way,’ he said and led her along many ornate corridors and caves to Penegulan.
Her husband saw she was close to tears. ‘Orist will take you to our rooms, while I try to explain to father you are not fully Scalfan yet.’

Anagril let Orist undress her and put her to bed with a large spiced wine. Penegulan found a wizard friend of Loneghan to help protect her. No Culan, not even his father would try to get past such a guardian, he found him and they both hurried back to Penegulan’s apartments.

‘Orist, this is Lord Caratan, he will stand guard over our Lady. He understands what is happening.’ Penegulan had used his name twice in a short time. ‘Find him a comfortable seat outside our lady’s chamber, and see he has everything he needs.’ He turned to the wizard. ‘My father is bound to try to seduce my wife again. I will see if I can prevent any more unpleasantness.’
‘Your Highness, Loneghan told me of his concerns about your important wife, I will keep her safe, no-one will enter without my permission.’

Vrangalan was shocked at what at happened with his failed seduction - it almost dampened his passion for her - almost. But the more he thought about her, the more intrigued he became. He allowed Penegulan admittance as one of his female Calpin applied herbal ointment to his sore leg.
‘She kicked me Penegulan - your damned, human female kicked me!’ he said as he took a sip from the goblet of wine.
‘She’s not like us father.  Her upbringing was in a very different society. She believes in being faithful to her husband.’
‘You mean husbands, don’t you? I hear the human one still lives.’ Vrangalan was cunning, despite the impression he liked to give, he was not an indolent man. ‘Damned pity, I’d like to bed her. She’s even prettier than Charisan. Did you see that bitch’s eyes when she saw her? Serves her right, never liked the woman.’
‘You sleep with her,’ said Penegulan smiling.
‘You used to too if I remember correctly. But wouldn’t you say the daughter’s lovelier by far, and those…’ he pointed to his bare nipples, ‘fascinating. Hope her daughters have ‘em. She’ll come around in time, I’ll wait.’
‘Thank you, your majesty,’ said Penegulan bowing.
‘Your mother’s not keen either, sees her as a rival. She’s right. I am tempted to do away with both of you and take her for myself, make her my queen,’ but he smiled at his joke. ‘No Penegulan, I’ve read Loneghan’s reports, you can keep your wild creature. I’ll delay until you’ve tamed her, all the sweeter for the wait. Damn you Calpin that hurt,’ he said as the woman massaged ointment into his leg. He waved his son away.
‘One more thing your majesty, I’d like to make her Calpin a Vangil. You have heard a Crlach is following her?’
‘I didn’t think those brutes had such good taste. Do what you like with the Calpin. Ouch,’ he said and slapped his Calpin across her ear.



Chapter 23

Penegulan wasn’t worried about his father. They only need to come to Crothel every seven years for the Scallage, and then they could leave and go back to Thrangil. Once he had loved this city and been furious to be sent to the edge of the kingdom, and now he couldn’t wait to get back there. He had to wait until Daniel died before Anagril agreed to have his children. He understood her feelings, and how devastated she’d be at her husband’s death.
I HAVE changed, he thought to himself. Not that long ago I wouldn’t have cared for her feelings, only that I had her.

‘Orist come with me,’ Penegulan demanded. The third time he had used his name.
Orist laid Anagril’s gown in the painted trunk and followed Penegulan. His master’s fast pace took them to the merchant part of the city, and into one of the best armouries. The owner saw from his elaborate headband he was an important prince and bowed low.
‘Lord?’ he dare not raise his head.
‘A sword and dagger for my Vangil, if you try to cheat him I will behead you myself.’
‘Yes, my Lord.’ Still prostate, he shuffled over to a table and held out his arm to point out to the prince the best he had on offer. Most were too ornate and not sensible for actual fighting, so Penegulan picked up a plainer sword and expertly tested it. ‘You understand weapons highness.’
These merchant Calpin lived independently from the nobles, but were just as fearful to their slave brothers and sisters they controlled, for they were just as cruel as the Culan.
‘Yes, this one. Is there a matching long and short dagger?’
‘Yes, great lord,’ he shuffled over to another table and brought them over to the prince.
‘Good, I will need matching scabbards making, plain and functional, but with my device on them. Show him Vangil.’ Penegulan turned and walked out of the shop.
‘An honour for a low, hairy Calpin,’ said the armourer straightening. His whole demeanour changed. He reached for a large book from a shelf. ‘Show me the device.’ Inside the huge book were the noble devices from every city, not just those in Crothel. Orist found it on the first page. ‘Prince Penegulan! The scabbards will be ready in three days.’
‘I need the blades now,’ Orist insisted.
The armourer was surprised at his tone. ‘Take them. I will give you the bill when you pick up the scabbards.’ He dare not upset the crown prince, his reputation was worse than his father. He wrapped the blades in a thick, oiled cloth.

Orist went back to the palace. Anagril still slept, and Turlov served his master food. The wizard had gone.
‘So Orist, you brought them with you, good. I will start your training tomorrow, but I will tell you now you won’t enjoy it. You must earn your promotion. Turlov, get ready the bandages and ointment.’ His laugh was as cruel as ever. ‘See to my lady, I expect your duties as her chief Calpin to continue. We are to join my immediate family for dinner later. Let her wear the green dress.’
‘Sir?’ By his tone, Orist suggested he didn’t approve. The dress he mentioned left little to the imagination, and for Penegulan to care what she wore was odd. No male Culan cared less what his Lady wore or didn’t.
Penegulan noted the disapproval in his voice but did not censure him. ‘When shall I wake her my lord?’
‘She can sleep longer yet until the Van Re bell rings.’
Orist suddenly felt as if he were in an alien place, no human clocks here, the periods measured in bells, six of them.  With a long period without sound, the time for sleep. He admitted, I truly hate this world. I want to stand in the rain and be buffeted by the wind, and watch the log fire burning in the red room in Aggy’s cottage. I hate it here!

That night at the intimate family dinner for over two hundred, Anagril echoed Orist’s thoughts. Although fairies called to each other mentally over long distances, it wasn’t done in words. Apart from Orist, Penegulan was the only one who could read her mind. She admitted the manners were better here in the capital, at least everyone was dressed, perhaps because everyone sat next to their spouse, Anagril thought sarcastically.
Her mother sat next to her daughter, she was unaccompanied. When the King gave a toast to the two loveliest ladies, in the kingdom, Lilsina scowled with displeasure. Charisan was bad enough, but now her human daughter too!
Charisan did her best to charm Penegulan away from Anagril, but he wouldn’t be drawn. Worse, they left early. At least Lilsina, had satisfaction from that, but not enough.

Orist helped Anagril out of her gown and slip on a dressing robe, Penegulan came in similarly attired.
‘Out!’ he said to Orist with one of his frightening smiles.
‘What’s that about Penegulan?’
‘Did you know your pathetic Calpin is to become a Vangil?’
‘If you hate him so much, then why honour him?’
‘For you.’
‘As you sent him away too soon, you may brush my hair.’
Penegulan liked nothing better. They looked at each other in the mirror.
‘We are to be married in five days.’
She shrugged. ‘I am already your wife, I have been for ages. Penegulan, is my mother married?’
‘No.’
‘Why not?’
‘She has an engagement with a petty king, but they are not married because she has no wish to leave the comfort and excitement of the capital. She is annoying my father, it’s just a matter of time before he makes her go. If she doesn’t go soon, the king will choose another wife, and kings don’t grow on trees. And like most female Culan, Charisan is ambitious and wants status, and marriage is the only way to achieve it.’ He put the brush down and bent to kiss her neck.
‘You are a strange people,’ she said sadly. ‘Have you no love for each other? So ironic, after I mourned her for so long, and my poor father wasted his life when he should have been happy with someone else.’
‘You can’t blame us for that.’
‘Can’t I?’

Turlov saw to Anagril while Orist had his first weapons training with Penegulan.
Her mother paid her a call, and accepted tea from the Calpin, but was more interested in looking at her daughter’s clothes.
‘When I was on the surface, I don’t remember these, I can’t imagine a human woman wearing them.’
‘Really?’ Anagril’s polite but meaningful tone was not lost on her mother.
‘I liked him,’ she said admiring a flimsy, blue dress, ‘I mean your father. I liked him very much. He wasn’t my first human lover. I was chosen because I’m immune to the smoke-sickness. These clothes are superb, I may go back before...’
‘Before?’
‘My marriage. I can’t put it off any longer, or Trusden may change his mind. Anagril your father was handsome, it was no chore to conceive you.’
‘Then why did you leave him? It broke him.’ Anagril demanded - her coolness turned to fire.
‘I missed my life here, I hated not having Calpins, and besides Loneghan…’
‘Loneghan?’
‘Yes, it was his idea, he masterminded your birth. The great wizard had a dream, you and Penegulan would lead us back to the surface. He saw your face and knew I was to be your mother, finding a suitable human father took longer. He saw your father’s face too and had to send out messengers everywhere to find him, and there he was, a man born right next to Thrangil! After that, they waited until the signs were auspicious and when they were, he sent me to him.’ She saw her daughter didn’t know about Loneghan’s involvement and satisfied changed the subject. ‘Your pretty, blond Calpin is immune too I hear. Is he a good lover?’
‘He is not my lover.’
‘How odd, everyone assumes he must be, you are so fond of each other.’
‘We are - we’ve been friends for years.’
‘You don’t have to behave like a disapproving human matron here.’
‘If you are talking about Beatty?’ Anagril got angrier.
‘Am I? I suppose I am. She was no fool, she saw through me straight away. I knew you’d be safe with her. And there can’t have been a more precious baby for her to take care of. I still think it would have been better if I’d taken you with me, but Loneghan said not. How do you get on with the revered Loneghan?’
‘Very well.’
‘He’s a good lover, isn’t he? I used to go back to the mound often to make love with him. One man isn’t enough for a Scalfan, but you know that. That was after I conceived. I believe you took a human husband first, he’s still alive I hear. Well, you are here now, it’s a great honour for my child to be married to the crown prince. Well, Anagril my dear daughter, I have to meet a gentleman friend, and he hates to be kept waiting.’ She gave Anagril another peck on the cheek, Anagril didn’t move. ‘Perhaps when you are shopping again, you might get me a few gowns too.’
‘Yes,’ said Anagril, hardly able to reply because of her anger.
Charisan left, happy with her malicious chat with her daughter.

Loneghan? True, she knew he instigated her father and mother’s relationship. But after the seeds Charisan sowed, she now believed him guilty of more. Anagril was spared any more mental anguish by Penegulan and Orist and jumped up from her seat. Orist was pale and bleeding from a deep cut in his side, and other gashes on his arms and legs.
‘Orist! Penegulan you beast, what have you done to him, how could you be so cruel?’
‘Turlov!’ Penegulan yelled. The Calpin hurried in. ‘Take care of this Calpin.’
‘No, I will,’ Anagril glared at her husband. ‘Turlov help me to get him to his bed.’
Orist’s room was little more than a large cupboard. Turlov went for water and medical supplies while Anagril gently removed his rough training shirt, an old one of Penegulans. He gasped as she did so, for the blood had dried and stuck to it.
‘Orist I’m sorry lay on your bed and I’ll remove your trousers, blood on those too. We don’t know how badly cut you are. Orist this cut is deep you’ll need stitches, or whatever fairies do.’
‘No, my Lady, this isn’t right!’
‘Orist you are my friend and you are hurt.’ Turlov came back with water and a box of bandages and herbs. ‘Help me remove his boots and trousers, Turlov.’
The Calpin looked shocked. ‘My Lady?’
‘What’s wrong with you? Surely there’s no such thing as fairy modesty? My god, you have none! Just help me will you?’
‘Yes, my Lady.’
They removed Orist’s boots and trousers and Turlov put a towel over Orist’s groin, for what Anagril assumed was for modesty - she couldn’t believe these double standards.
‘Turlov, he needs more than bathing and bandages, we need a Revered One to stitch this or whatever fairies do, go and find one.’
‘I cannot.’
‘Then ask Penegulan.’ The Calpin looked terrified. ‘For goodness sake, ask Penegulan to come here and I will ask him.’
She was sponging off the blood as Penegulan stood in the doorway. ‘My wife is bathing her Calpin, if that gets out we’ll both be laughing stocks.’
‘Do you think I care Penegulan? Please, can you ask a wizard to care for him? If he isn’t stitched or whatever you do, he’ll have a terrible scar. Penegulan I’m not asking, get help!’ she was angry.
‘You did well Vangil,’ said Penegulan and left, presumably to get help.
‘Did you do well? It doesn’t look like it.’ She had tears in her eyes.
‘I did well Aggy.’ He put his hand over hers, as she gently bathed his wounds. ‘I would die for you.’
‘I know, but please don’t Orist, I need your friendship. This is an alien place. I miss the sky and the birds singing, everything.’
‘So do I.’
‘Do you, but you’re a Scalfan?’
‘I still miss the surface.’
‘I wish we could escape together,’ she whispered.
Orist’s heart was thumping hard. ‘And what of Penegulan?’ he asked, knowing he would be disappointed with her answer.
‘No, you’re right, we couldn’t go without him.’
‘I am so glad to hear that,’ said a voice.
‘Is he coming, Penegulan?’
‘I’m glad to hear it,’ he repeated. ‘At first, I thought you and this creature were planning to run away together.’
‘Is he coming?’ she repeated, ignoring his words.
‘Yes.’
 
Caratan came with his own Calpin and suggested to Anagril, it might be better if she left Orist to their care. Penegulan followed her back to their rooms.
‘You are too fond of that creature,’ he said through gritted teeth. ‘Are you sleeping with him, even though you always deny it?’ he demanded.
‘Why should that upset you? I’d be doing what is expected of a Scalfan princess. I am not, and you are the second person today to assume just that.’
‘Your mother’s been here?’
‘Yes. Why did you hurt him?’ she asked in a more conciliatory tone.
‘As I told him, he did well.’ Penegulan removed his training shirt covered in what Anagril had assumed was Orist’s blood, but no, there was a gash in Penegulan’s torso too.
‘Why didn’t you say you were wounded? I’ll get water.’
‘Turlov!’ shouted Penegulan, ‘bring water and cloths, my lady will see to my wounds, now she has finished looking after her Calpin.’
Turlov looked terrified. ‘Yes, My Lord.’
‘Or am I not to be gently and lovingly bathed like your servant?’
‘You are jealous,’ she said matching his quietly dangerous tone.
‘Jealous of a Calpin?’
‘Yes, because he has always been my friend and I care for him.’
‘So, am I not your friend and do you not care for me?’ she didn’t answer. ‘If you don’t care for me, then why not go with him?’
‘Shut up Penegulan, we weren’t talking about leaving you, we just miss the surface.’
‘So why not go with him? And why couldn’t you leave me?’

Turlov came with the water and Anagril asked him to get food. She silently bathed Penegulan’s wounds.
‘Tell me Anagril, tell me,’ he insisted softly.
‘Because I want you. I wanted you from the first time you knocked on the door. Is that what you wanted to hear?’
‘It’s not enough.’
‘I’m marrying you aren’t I? No one is forcing me.’
‘Tell me you love me, Aggy.’
‘I love Daniel,’ she said ‘but I want you more and I’ve hated myself for years because of it. Please, can’t we leave it like that for now?’



Chapter 24

Scalfan weddings were short on ceremony and long on the celebration. Anagril and Penegulan placed their intertwined hands in a silver bowl to make their marriage official. It was registered as approved by the High King. It was for life.
They stayed for a few toasts and then led by the close family members to a prepared Grotto to indulge in their celebration. A small, but lavishly decorated natural cave, lit with multi-coloured lights.  It had a natural hot spring and huge golden bed and a table set with luxurious food and drinks. The only entrance covered with a thick curtain. Vangil’s guarded it, and a Calpin sat outside ready to see to their comfort. Penegulan brought his sword.

He helped her out of the silk nightdress, she had worn as a wedding gown, and then she helped to remove his boots. They preferred to be alone without the help of their Calpin. His wound was healing. She gently ran her fingers along it before he pulled her close and kissed her.
‘Wife, we may have been married for years but now it’s official, it is binding on both our parts.’
‘Yes.’ She lowered her eyes as he cupped her chin in his hands. ‘Aggy, you have changed me. I promise we will spend time together on the surface. Many tunnels lead out where we can go without being seen. Clean air and blue skies, we will explore them together.’
‘Not yet,’ she whispered.
‘No, not yet, we will wait until I am your only husband.’

He watched as they made love. From his vantage point high above, Brandt Ca looked down, he was far too big to squeeze through the tiny hole, even a Scalfan couldn’t. He was clever for a Crlach, and so not to give himself away, he hadn’t gone looking for a willing Calpin to pleasure him. Besides this city was well guarded. He couldn’t believe his luck. The spot he’d chosen to hide away was right above the bridal chamber being used by his lovely one, and the husband he was determined to kill. He planned to take her deep into his secret home where no Scalfan ever explored. He’d imprison her, lock her up while he hunted their food, he dared not risk letting another Crlach find her wandering.
He hoped one day she might even come to care for him if he thought about that he knew he was deluded by his lust, but he brushed away the doubts. He knew what was driving his obsession, she didn’t want him, and he was piqued at her rejection. Other female Scalfan sought him out because he gave them the satisfaction they wanted. They often came in groups, sometimes a lovely Culan would accompany her servants, to have him pleasure her, but not this one.

After two days of welcome solitude, Penegulan and Anagril emerged to a feast. The party had continued in their absence, it wasn’t every day the crown prince took a bride.

Orist healed as only a Scalfan can, and eager for his next training session with Penegulan. It wasn’t too many days later when, for a few minutes, he matched stroke for stroke with his master. This satisfied Penegulan, he said he’d make a fine Vangil with more practice and awarded him a silver chain. This made him a Vuncin, a trainee Vangil, well on his way to gaining status.

On that day, Penegulan asked Anagril if she’d like to see the mountains, they were below the peaks of the Swiss Alps. The joy on her face gave him his answer, he laughed at her enthusiasm.
‘Oh Penegulan I’d love to go, is it far?’
‘Yes, wife,’ how he relished that word, ‘it’s a long uphill climb, nearly three days at a fast, fairy pace, and two coming back. So, as you are happy to go I will arrange it. We’ll need a squad of Vangil and our Calpin to carry what we need. So my Lady will breathe fresh air.’
‘Why the Vangil?’
‘It’s a precaution, it’s safe in Crothel, but you never know if a band of Brolach may scout the dark, lonely pathways.’
‘Or a crlach,’ said Anagril with a shiver. ‘I can’t believe the stories I’ve heard how Culan woman value them. They are hirsute and I thought you hated hairy people. Are there many of them?’
‘No one knows for sure. They are solitary and live in deep and unexplored areas. There are rumours that once a year they meet up to mate with their females, who reportedly look like the males. You can guess why they prefer Scalfan,’ he laughed, but Anagril looked upset.
‘Then I am glad to have a whole troop of Vangil to protect us Penegulan, for I don’t fancy them.’

They moved fast through the narrow tunnels. Even for fairy feet, it was still a hard climb. They were relieved to find the prepared resting places where each Sixth Bell they settled for the Scalfan night. Every night Turlov and Orist erected a tent for the couple’s privacy, and six of the twenty-four Vangil took turns in standing guard around it.
Anagril was becoming suspicious of the high security, though Penegulan insisted it was normal for a royal couple.
When Orist brought her water to wash in the second morning, she whispered to him. ‘Orist, why are there so many guards? We didn’t have this many when we came from Thrangil.’ He repeated what Penegulan told her, but they were too close for her to believe any lies. ‘Orist what is the truth?’ ‘If you don’t tell me willingly, I’ll… I’ll command you!’
‘Aggy? No please, Penegulan will beat me.’
‘I won’t let him tell me!’
‘In case the Crlach comes looking for you,’ he whispered. ‘It’s for your safety. And you can never be sure if Brolach scouting parties are nearby. The Vangil’s keep an eye on the routes but it’s a lot of ground to cover. It’s for your protection.’
‘I’ve seen a Crlach and I don’t want to repeat that, but what does a Brolach look like, why are they called the Black Scalfan?’
‘They're not black, like the humans you imagine. They look like any other Scalfan. They are usually escaped Calpin who have been mistreated, merchants too who have fallen foul of a noble. Even banished Culan, they rarely kill a fellow Culan. There are few female Brolach, hence Penegulan’s caution. They are not often seen in the west, they hide in the eastern tunnels off the usual routes. Don’t worry, it’s just a precaution.’
‘So they are outlaws?’
‘Aggy, they are not Robin Hood’s merry men. They are supposed to be crueller than the Culan.’
‘Thanks, Orist, I will be observant.’

They reached the hidden cave entrance on schedule. It was high, higher than any humans came, but Scalfan magic kept it hidden from prying eyes. There was snow as far as the eye could see, and bright blue summer skies.
Penegulan watched his wife’s delight. ‘Oh, Penegulan, what a stunning view. We must be very high. We went skiing with Cliff, I loved it. Orist, come and look.’ The moment spoilt for Penegulan.
‘The prince skied here once before he left for Thrangil,’ said Orist, trying to overcome his master’s displeasure.
‘Penegulan why don’t we come here in the winter. We could find a hotel in a little village and pretend to be the same as normal people,’ her face bright with expectation.
‘Normal people, Anagril?’
‘I’m sorry, human people,’ she corrected hastily.
‘Yes, it’s a good idea.’
‘There must be lots of places we can get to without you being sick?’

She wore a thick, pale blue cloak and hood. It was cold at this altitude, even in the summer. Holding Penegulan’s hand, she stepped out into the snow and walked down the steep slope. They left no footprints.

The next day as they walked back, Penegulan was in close conversation with two of the Vangil. One bowed to him and then ran on past them and into the tunnel leading to Crothel.
‘Penegulan what is wrong?’ asked Anagril as he sat beside her.
‘Nothing my beautiful wife.’
‘Then why did that Vangil leave? Don’t patronise me, husband, I have Scalfan ears and I heard something about us being followed. I hate being treated as a fool.’
‘Anagril, we are being followed,’ he admitted reluctantly, ‘by Brolach. One Vangil might get through to bring reinforcements. He will have a better chance alone, and he’s fast and experienced.’
‘Why follow us, surely we are too well-armed?’
‘We have something precious. I shouldn’t have brought you. But there haven’t been Brolach in this area for many years. I think we’ve been betrayed. A Calpin woman is a great prize for a Brolach, but a beautiful Culan princess is beyond hope. If they risk an attack, I want you to promise you will run on back to Crothel with Orist. You are fast, they will never catch you, and Orist will die to save you.’
‘Don’t say that!’
‘Aggy I’m being serious, no heroics, go with Orist, promise me?’
She nodded.

They attacked a couple of hours later. Dropping his baggage, Orist took hold of Anagril’s hand and drew his sword. Brolach waited to ambush them, so they went back the way they had come, hoping it was clear.  Then Orist stopped, his sharp, Scalfan senses saw something in their way. The main tunnels had a low light system, the phosphorescent moss in sconces gave enough light for Scalfan eyes to see clearly, the forward scouts agitated it as they led the way. It was the Crlach! He let go of Anagril’s hand. 
‘Hide, my heart,’ he whispered.
‘I see it,’ said Anagril. ‘Orist don't fight it on your own, let’s go back.’
It was too late, the Crlach approached, his eyes glittering like pale sapphires in the meagre light, sword in one hand, and dagger in the other. Orist pulled out his dagger too.
‘Aggy find somewhere to hide. Use your skills to stay unseen, and wait until the reinforcements arrive, or better still if I can tempt him to move out of the way you should be able to slip past him and run to Crothel.’
Brandt Ca laughed at the sight of Orist, small for a Scalfan, standing before him. ‘Little man if you don’t let me have the Culan,’ he licked his lips, ‘you will have to die.’ He followed Orist as he led him back down the tunnel.
‘Go Aggy.’

At first, she did as he asked, dived into a crevice, got behind the Crlach and ran for her life. Then she stopped. No, she thought, I can’t leave Orist to die, or Penegulan. If I am captured I can always kill myself, they’d never expect that from a Scalfan. Kill me, what am I saying?

She ran back. Orist looked so absurdly tiny compared to the Crlach. The creature was still laughing as he parried swords with the new and untested Vangil. She looked for a boulder she could throw and finding one picked it up and aimed as hard as she could for the Crlach’s head. It found its target and Brandt Ca dropped his dagger as he held onto his head, and then turned to Anagril. Orist, fighting for the woman he loved, struck at the creature with the long, sharp sword with all his might.
‘Run beloved, run!’ he shouted breathlessly.
Brandt Ca staggered, but did not go down and turned to face Orist again. As quickly as only a Scalfan could move, Orist moved close to the Crlach and thrust again under the Brandt Ca’s ribcage and into his heart. With a great look of surprise, the Crlach fell backwards and didn’t move again. Orist could hardly breathe after his exertions.
‘Orist, you killed him!’
‘Dearest, keep moving, go back to Crothel as fast as you can if Penegulan can’t defeat the Brolach they will come for you.’
‘I can’t leave him either Orist. If he dies then they will marry me to one of his younger brothers.’
‘You love him, don’t you?’
‘Do I? I don’t want anyone else for a husband, I’d rather die beside him. But if it were you Orist… I could be happy again.’
‘So now we are both being honest.’
‘Looks that way, Penegulan is right to be jealous of my feelings for you. I love you, but I’m not Scalfan and you can never be more than a lover and I care too much to use you.’
‘It wouldn’t matter.’
‘It does. If I did, as you want, Penegulan might kill us, his temper has improved, but he’s jealous because we matter to each other, we have a relationship.’ 
Anagril picked up Brandt Ca’s large dagger. ‘I’m not going back to Crothel. I was fencing champion at school, they used to say I had lightning reflexes, well now we know why. Are you recovered Orist? Let’s go back.’
‘No Aggy or Penegulan WILL kill me.’
‘No, he won’t, you are my Vangil, Calpin, doing what I tell you and I’m telling you we are going back.’

The Brolach dressed in dark, muddy colours to help them hide in the darkness. Both types of fairy were lying on the ground either dead or injured, more dark colours than bright. Penegulan still stood and looked unhurt. They appeared to be outnumbered two to one. Anagril fought to her husband’s side. No rules of valour here, she stabbed in the back, this was life or death.
When they saw her, the Brolach retreated for a moment. Unused to fighting women, especially one with eyes as terrible as her husbands, and wielding Brandt Ca’s dagger as a sword. She was spattered with Brandt Ca’s blood, as was her Calpin. They assumed they’d killed the stupid Crlach. No mean feat for a woman and one Vangil.
Penegulan was breathing hard. ‘Why Aggy, why didn’t you run?’
‘As Orist pointed out, I love you and I’d rather die with you than live without you and marry someone else. So don’t be cross with me or my dear friend Orist, or I’ll never sleep with you again.’ She smiled, but Penegulan didn’t, for the Brolach’s were massing for another onslaught.

‘Give us the female Culan and we will let the rest of you go, we only want her,’ one of the black fairies shouted.
‘I’m not going anywhere with you,’ Anagril shouted back, ‘why don’t you go, and we won’t follow and kill you.’
‘Wife you are crazy.’
‘Haven’t I always believed that? Penegulan I must live because Daniel will wonder what happened. I hope Loneghan will let him know if this doesn’t go well. Well, I must live for both of you, mustn’t I? If I die, promise to tell him?’
‘We won’t die. The Vangil runner will have raised the alarm, more soldiers will come to rescue us.’
‘Are you trying to keep up my spirits?’
‘Not just you, all of us, so we keep fighting.’

Anagril handled herself well, no other female Scalfan, even a haughty Culan would ever fight beside the men. The Brolach were coming off worst. Anagril, Penegulan, Orist and six of the Vangil were all that still stood. Poor Turlov died early in the fighting. The Brolach numbers equalled the Scalfan, and realising they couldn’t win, the Brolach backed away.

‘They’ve not given up, they will have more scouts around,’ said Penegulan sitting down, he sounded weary to the bone. Orist sat slumped over his sword, and Anagril not wanting to disturb him passed water around. ‘Leave everything but water and your weapons,’ Penegulan instructed, standing up with an effort. ‘We must try to get closer to our reinforcements. Anagril you stay in the middle, we must keep running. I know we are exhausted but we MUST run or die. Aggy run, they are dead.’ She looked at the wounded
‘No Penegulan, this one is alive and perhaps…’
‘No time for perhaps, we can hardly carry ourselves. If we try dragging the wounded with us, we will all die.’
‘Then promise to come back.’
‘I promise, come on Anagril, we’ll send help back as soon as we can.’

The miles were soon covered but at such a fast pace they had to stop for breath. The Crlach’s dagger felt like a lead bar in Anagril’s hand, but she wouldn’t give up, determined to fight to the death with the others. They were in a small cave.
‘Highness,’ said one of the Vangil, ‘the tunnel narrows for many miles ahead, it’s hard to swing swords.’
‘Agreed, Brolach fighting methods don’t echo ours, they would be at an advantage. There are a few of them close by, but my guess is they will wait to regroup. Yes, we will make a stand here.’ Penegulan’s mind worked rapidly. ‘Get behind those rocks and wait, the longer they delay the attack the more likely our reinforcements will reach us.’
Penegulan guessed right, the Brolach waited for other groups to swell their numbers. The rest helped them regain their breath for the next attack, they were ready to fight again, but fresher Brolach came rushing at them. Two more of the royal Vangil died.
‘Consolidate around our princess,’ shouted Penegulan. ‘Anagril my love, try to escape, you are fast on your feet.’
‘No, I don’t want anyone else,’ she whispered, ‘I will die here with you.’
‘The Brolach won’t allow that my love, you are what they want.’ Another Vangil down, he prayed to the Earth to save his love from Brolach misuse and cruelty.
‘Orist, if my prince dies please kill me,’ Anagril said, knowing the next attack would be the last.
He didn’t answer, how could he kill the only thing he’d ever loved. No, he made his mind up, he couldn't. Loneghan would make sure she was returned if it took every noble and Vangil in the empire. In the meantime he knew she’d cope, he knew her strengths better than her husband.
As they braced for the final attack, one of the Brolach shouted ‘Flee,’ and they ran off. Suddenly exhausted, Orist fell to his knees.
Terrified he might be hurt, Anagril shouted out his name and went over to him. Penegulan too sank down, the reinforcements pursued the remaining Brolach.
‘Orist?’
‘I’m exhausted, and terrified at the thought of killing you.’
‘Penegulan are you hurt?’ she asked belatedly.
‘Oh, so now you are worried about your husband? As usual, your Calpin comes first.’
‘There is nothing wrong with you if you can be so waspish,’ she giggled and then sat beside him.
He too laughed. ‘I have a wife who fights like a warrior, how will I keep this quiet?’

They were eager to reach the safety of Crothel. Anagril made sure Vangil were sent back to see to the injured. The dead would be thrown into deep crevices, including the huge body of Brandt Ca. The rest escorted the royal party back.

Penegulan’s father met them as they arrived back in Crothel. ‘My son,’ cried his father aghast, ‘why is my daughter walking, she should be carried.’
‘It’s not her bloods way Father. She fought with us, as brave as any Vangil.’
Vrangalan did not reply at first, and if Penegulan hoped her strange behaviour might put his father off, he was wrong. His eyes glittered with lust and he came forward to help her to a seat. ‘Brave Lady, how strange you are. I had no idea human women were so aggressive. The ladies will be appalled at your behaviour, but I find it fascinating.’
He ordered his own Calpin to look after Anagril, and she was dutifully bathed, and fed and put to bed. There was no more Turlov, so Orist went to help Penegulan.
‘No Orist, see to yourself when my father’s Calpin have my wife comfortable they will see to me. Just find me wine.’
‘Master?’
‘Wine damn you, why must Calpin repeat what we say?’ he lowered his voice. ‘Then go and rest. You did well Vangil.’



Chapter 25

Anagril slept for many hours. Penegulan was awake but still waited by her bed. He held her hand.
‘Anagril, you slept the bells away.’
‘Oh, Penegulan have I? I’ve had such strange dreams.’
‘I know my restless love,’ he stroked the side of her face with his hand and she put her hand over his.
‘Please Penegulan, when are we going back to Thrangil?’
‘Soon, Orist is organising it. We’re taking more Calpin with us, you’ll need more females when we have our children.’
‘Remember your promise, Penegulan.’
‘I have, you are in control of that wife, you, and Loneghan’s herbs,’ he smiled. ‘Besides I can wait, we have plenty of time.’

On the way back they met no Brolach or Crlach. Not surprising as Penegulan brought back six full companies of Vangil, and fifty Calpin servants, both male and female. As well as reluctant Calpin merchants with new wives. They were young, and forced, not only to leave their family business but to bring a wife with them. The King told their families Thrangil needed them, and they should go or be killed. No one disobeyed the King unless they wanted to join the Brolach. Anagril saw the human middle class in the merchants, permitted wives and children. No lowly Calpin servant ever married, no child of theirs was brought up in a family. Perhaps she should be more forgiving.

Anagril wasn’t the only one eager to return home. True to his word Penegulan awarded Orist full status and with it a heavier silver chain and medal, denoting he was a Vangil, and one who must be obeyed by those less senior. In effect, this put him in a position of great power and meant he was in charge of the Calpin and Vangils in Thrangil.
There was a downside to this, for it meant he could no longer be body servant to his beloved Anagril. Three very irritating females had that task. He hardly saw her, to his great distress and Penegulan’s satisfaction.
As for Anagril, as soon as she had recovered from the journey, she asked for human clothes and left the mound, unsure of the time or date. John was visiting, and she did not enter the house before John and his father went to bed. Waiting in Owen’s flat until the lights were off, she crept in using the garden door. She was quickly at Daniel’s bedside.
‘Daniel my love, I’m home,’ she whispered.
‘Aggy, oh thank God. It’s been so long and I’ve been worried, convinced you were never coming back.’

She undressed and got in beside him. Part of Daniel longed to ask her about her journey, but the other part didn’t want to know anything. They held each other close.
‘Mum’s been worried, she’s hardly been up to London to see how the children are coping. She’s just gone back for a few days.’
They made love, but afterwards, Daniel felt like weeping, and she saw and sensed his pain. She held him tighter. She couldn’t stay for the next day was Sunday, and John wouldn’t be leaving until later.

Anagril went back to the cottage when Beatty arrived. Daniel picked her up from the station for she wasn’t capable of driving now. Even in the few months, Anagril had been away, Beatty had aged.
‘I’ve told the children they can look after themselves now and I’m coming here permanently,’ she said as Anagril cooked the Sunday roast.

Beatty experienced a strong sense of déjà vu again as if nothing had changed. Tim should be here reading his paper, but no, it was Daniel instead, looking far too old for his years. He looked too thin too, like Tim before he died.
He left the women alone after the meal for a chat, while he walked to the pub for a pint. Completely out of character, Beatty left Anagril to tidy everything away. Anagril poured them both a large whiskey.
‘You’ve noticed how tired I am? In future, Daniel will have to go to London if the children need anything. I’m too old to drive further than the village nowadays. Do you know what I am trying to tell you, my beautiful, fairy princess?’
Anagril did but tried to ignore it. ‘Beatty, here I am just Aggy.’
‘How was your wedding?’
‘Oh Beatty,’ Anagril smiled tenderly at the old lady, ‘I knew you’d ask.’ 
‘I’d like to go back to your world before I die. Just lately, I’ve regretted I haven’t asked you before. But I knew how much it would upset Daniel.’
‘Come when you like, you are my mother Beatty, not Charisan, or should I say Marianne.’ Anagril made a face.
‘Tell me!’

She did so, leaving little out. The only thing she didn’t tell Beatty was she had learned to love her capricious prince. Orist too, was more than a friend, even if their relationship couldn’t take the next step. Beatty was enthralled, and terrified too, at the scenes described by Anagril.
‘It doesn’t sound possible Anagril, people living underground in large cities. What do they eat and drink, and where do they get their clothes?’
‘Same as we do, through trade. There are others like Owen called messengers - they buy what they need. Fairy coffers are bottomless. They are clever too - they have loads of art, not only what we know, but more ancient than any civilisation we’ve found. So precious that if a Calpin should, say break a vase, they’d be put to death.’
‘Goodness!’
‘They have billions of pounds in banks around the world and yet they don’t have the same need for money humans have. They may have evil traits, but greed isn’t one of them. Even the silliest Calpin wouldn’t dream of stealing.’
‘I’m not surprised, those Calpin sound as if they have horrid lives.’
‘We wouldn’t like it. There may be a huge gulf between the Culan and Calpin, but the smarter Vangil bridge that. The merchant classes work hard and they rely as everyone else does, on the Culan for their survival. I suppose it’s the old feudal lords and peasants.’
Daniel was back, they heard his key in the door. He came in with two bunches of roses, red for Anagril, and yellow for his mother.
‘Where did you get them?’ Anagril asked, pleased with his gift.
‘You wouldn’t recognise the old post office since the old lady died. They open all hours, and sell luxury goods. The village is being taken over by yuppies. It’s hard to believe, but the few remaining locals consider me one of them now.’
‘How the world changes,’ said Anagril wistfully.

Anagril had been back six months, happy months - her time divided between her two worlds and two loves. Her Calpin finished getting her ready for bed and left her alone with Penegulan. He kissed her.
‘No, wait Penegulan.’
‘Anagril?’
‘I have to go, something is wrong.’
‘I’ll go with you.’
‘Thank you, can you call Orist? I think he should come too.’
Orist was at the flat for he still had his role of Owen to play. They were soon at the cottage, and as usual, entered by the garden door. Silently Anagril led the way up the stairs and peeped into her father’s old room, now occupied by Beatty. The doctor was with Daniel and his mother, who was labouring for breath.
Daniel felt his wife’s presence and made an excuse to speak to her.
‘What’s wrong?’
‘Mum’s not well, she collapsed in the bathroom, we’ve been telling her to see the doctor about her breathlessness. She refuses to go to the hospital, says she’s too old for an operation and doesn’t care about the alternative…’
‘No!’
‘She says she wants to die here, where she is happy, she’s done everything she wanted. Thank god you came, she might listen to you.’

Orist and Penegulan melted back into the shadows with Anagril, as the doctor came out to talk to Daniel.
‘Try to persuade her to go to hospital Mr Grieves, the success rate for cardiac operations is high nowadays, even at her age. Afterwards, she won’t be as tired. I’ve done everything I can for the moment if you can persuade her to change her mind, call the ambulance. You can overrule her wishes.’
‘Yes, but mum is in her right mind. And she made me promise a long time ago not to override her decision when she believed the time had come.’ Daniel fought tears.
‘Yes, Mr Grieves, I understand but still try to persuade her to go to the hospital will you?’

Daniel saw the doctor out, and when he got back upstairs, Anagril was holding Beatty’s hand. ‘Please my darling mother, go to the hospital.’
‘No, you both promised me!’ she was getting agitated. Daniel and Anagril were sick with stress. ‘I know I’m dying, and I’d like to go here, not a ghastly hospital. Thank Loneghan won’t you, for his kindness, and Anagril please look after my son.’
‘Yes I will,’ Anagril struggled to keep the tears away.
‘I’ve sent for the children. John will be here soon.’ said Daniel.
‘I’ll hide when he gets here. Paul and Owen are outside Beatty.’
‘I’d like to see them.’

Beatty died at four in the morning, she smiled as she went, as if Tim waited for her, as she hoped. Even the entreaties of her grandchildren wouldn’t change her mind. The doctor came again, trying to force her to go to the hospital, but something in her eyes changed his mind. This was the right time, she said, and she missed Tim.
Anna sobbed as Beatty slipped away, and hidden behind the thick curtains, so did Anagril. Penegulan stayed in the shadows ready to comfort his wife. Anagril cried too for her children, for she couldn’t hold and comfort them.
‘First mum, now gran,’ said Nick softly.
‘Your gran was old and ready to go…’ said their father, more dutifully than meaning it.
‘Mum wasn’t old though,’ said John brushing away tears, ‘If there is a God, why couldn’t he leave us, mum, she was so pretty, what a horrible waste.’

Daniel felt empty, not only had he lost his dear mother, but he couldn’t comfort Anagril hiding in the shadows. He felt her close and yet he couldn’t ask her to comfort him either. He longed to shout - your mother is not dead, she’s here, she spends half her time with me, and she’s as lovely as when I married her.
As soon as the children filed out Penegulan crept in, but as Daniel and Anagril cried in each other’s arms, he withdrew again until Daniel joined his children.

They held Beatty’s funeral in London in her local church, so she could be buried with Tim.
The family sat holding hands. Anna wasn’t the only one trying not to cry, John too sniffed, Nick was always in control. Daniel was alert, he saw Owen enter and sit at the back. A few minutes later, a woman came in and sat at the opposite end of the same pew. She was dressed in a black coat, with her hair carefully hidden under a scarf, over which she wore a wide-brimmed hat and large sunglasses.
Daniel knew it was Anagril, he hoped no one else could see it. Beatty had been popular and lots of friends turned up, and the large Victorian church was nearly full. Daniel and Nick spoke at the service. Anna was unable to stop her tears.

Owen gave his condolences at the graveside, as Anagril watched, hiding behind a tree, as Beatty was lowered into the ground, and she wept again. Everyone left and Anagril came out to throw her sod into the grave and said goodbye to the greatest influence on her life. She took off her sunglasses stood there a while, but when she looked up she saw Anna watching, rooted to the spot and their eyes met.
‘Mum?’ Anna mouthed, but nothing came out.

Anagril melted into the shadows like the ghost her daughter believed she was and watched a shaken Anna go back to the car.
‘What’s wrong Anna?’ She heard Daniel say, nervous in case she’d seen her mother.
‘Nothing dad, just it’s so hard to say goodbye to gran.’ She didn’t want to upset her father.

After the service, Anagril crept in unseen to the London home. She’d not been here for a long time. She moved up the stairs and after a look around went into the bedroom she’d shared with Daniel and sat on the bed. Daniel knew she’d hide there, and brought up food and wine as soon as he could.

‘Are you managing darling?’ she asked. ‘I wish I could hold the children. Hug me.’ He did as she asked. She kissed him and then held onto his hands. ‘Dan darling, Anna saw me at the graveside - she thinks she saw a ghost.’
‘I thought there was something wrong.’
‘I can’t stay long. This house, this room and its happy memories make me sad for all I had to lose.’ Seeing Daniel’s look, she changed the subject. ‘I saw a young woman with Nick, is she the one?’
‘Yes, that’s Felicity,’ Daniel made a face.
‘She’s very pretty, why don’t you like her?’
‘Pretty but dumb, I can’t believe Nick is serious.’
‘Oh Daniel, you are not the one marrying her.’
‘Perhaps not, but I still have to put up with her when he brings her to the cottage, she’s Samantha, but prettier.’
‘Dan!’
‘Sorry, but next time they visit, come and listen and you’ll agree. Oh, Aggy maybe I’m getting old and mum dying doesn’t help. Thank god…’ he didn’t finish.
‘You’d better go Dan, or someone will come looking for you. Will you tell Owen I’ll meet him back at the car when he’s ready, I’ll see you at the cottage as soon as you get back.’
‘I may have to stay awhile.’
‘Yes, I realise there’s the will to sort out.’ She kissed him. ‘I’ll miss you.’



Chapter 26

Anagril continued her lessons with Loneghan. She hadn’t mentioned what her mother said to her. Until the subject of changelings came up.
‘Is that what I am?’ she provoked him, knowing she wasn’t. ‘No, not quite am I? But I’m still a fairy farmed out to a human family for experience, just that in my case, a human child wasn’t killed!’
Loneghan looked at her in amazement. ‘Don’t be ridiculous, what has got into you? You’ve had something to say since you got back from Crothel, perhaps now is the time to tell me.’
‘You don’t care about humans do you?’
‘Not as a rule,’ he admitted. ‘What is this? We haven’t had changelings since the smoke sickness started and we never killed the children, they served as Calpin until they died of old age…’
‘How kind not to kill them, when they started to age or get ugly,’ she said scathingly, ‘you are barbaric, you are…’ she couldn’t finish.
‘And you are upset at your mother’s death Anagril.’
‘Yes, Beatty was my mother. Charisan said she slept with you while she was pregnant, and still pretending to be in love with my father.’
‘Ah, I see that’s why you are so angry with me? Yes, I slept with her. We don’t have the same scruples as humans. There were no female Culan and few female Calpin here, a male always needs a woman in his bed, just as a female does. I don’t like her, she’s nothing like you. Come Anagril, let me help take away your pain.’
‘I don’t trust you when you use that voice Loneghan.’ He looked at her. ‘Beatty told me to thank you for the care you took of her when she came here.’ Foolishly, he made a move to hold her and comfort her, but she backed away. ‘Don’t touch me, don’t touch me,’ she repeated, ‘I know what you want.’
Then she ran out of the room.

She changed into human clothes, it was bitter, autumn winds blew the falling leaves over the mound and the cottage’s garden, and although she didn’t feel the cold much now, she put on a coat. Her new Calpins were nowhere to be seen. Orist had never been far away and always knew what she needed. Now he was busy running Thrangil, and she missed him.
Penegulan came in as she was buttoning up the expensive cashmere coat. She could see from his face Loneghan had spoken to him.
‘Wait a moment, let me change and I’ll come with you.’
‘I’d rather go alone.’
‘No, you wouldn’t. We can take the car and see a movie and have a drink and a meal. There’s rarely an open fire nowadays, it won’t be too bad for my sickness, not for a few hours.’
Anagril nodded. ‘Yes, we can pretend we are normal, but we’re not are we? Humans will be wiped out, that’s when we are supposed to reclaim this world. And what will happen to my human children?’
‘Aggy, my love, it won’t happen for a long time, the wizards agree on that.’
‘They’ll be dust like Beatty,’ she burst into tears. ‘And I’ll be a horrible bitch, like Charisan, by then.’
‘Wait, don’t move, I’ll be seconds.’ he was soon back dressed in jeans and leather jacket. Anagril sat hunched up in a chair. ‘Come on let’s getaway for a while. You will never, never be like Charisan. I won’t let you forget who you are, and if you are ever unkind I will tell you. If you ever are cruel, I will remind you who Anagril is.’
She looked up at him. ‘You’ve changed,’ she said.
‘Yes, I have, and who changed me?’
She didn’t answer, but stood up and took hold of his hand and they were soon at Pale Elms to pick up the car. The farm was still in need of renovations and Penegulan thought that this project might take Anagril’s mind off her grief - he’d mention it to her later.
Reading his mind, she said. ‘Yes. We still have the cottage and that land too, so why don’t we turn Pale Elms into a working farm again?’
‘Aggy, who could work it?’
She slumped. ‘Yes, who would work it? Orist could, but he is so busy, I never get to see him.’
Penegulan carefully picked his words. ‘Orist is too valuable to be stuck underground. Why not get a few animals? He’s training new messengers, they could help.’
‘And our garden needs help too, Dan’s not got your green fingers.’
Penegulan opened the barn door, and they got into the car. ‘Perhaps we spend too much time underground now.’
Anagril smiled gratefully.

To Daniel’s disgust, Nick married Felicity. Anagril used her Scalfan powers to attend the wedding. She was very surprised when a year later Anna married too. Daniel liked Peter, they got on well. He was an architect, so they had a lot in common. John took a Post Grad position at Oxford. He was a favourite with his grandfather’s friends and colleagues and doing well.

The cottage was quiet, although John came regularly to see his father. The other children were infrequent visitors, now they had families of their own. Anna and her husband brought the others out of their shares in the London house Beatty left to her grandchildren.
Anna forgot her career and concentrated on having a large, noisy family. Her parents were surprised. She said once she’d get to the top, and that meant no kids, and besides, she didn’t like them.
One day she told her father she’d seen her mother’s ghost and changed her mind. She was happy, Nick was not.  Daniel was right, they were not well matched.  Nick and Felicity had a daughter, just as silly as her mother, and Nick had another woman. His father was angry and rarely saw him or his family.
Daniel and Anagril were left in relative peace for almost ten years, and life continued. Paul tended the garden again, Owen oversaw the farm, and Anagril spent most of her time on the surface.

Then Daniel saw the specialist. Owen drove them both to London. Daniel didn’t want to stay with Anna and have to answer questions. No one said a word on the way back.
Anagril waited until after dinner later that evening, when they were alone. ‘What did the doctor say? Daniel please,’ she begged.
He laughed but not with mirth. ‘Just as you are thinking, I’ve got cancer like dad.’
‘Daniel? But they can cure most cancers now.’
‘If they catch it in time, but it's spread too far. They’ve offered me the usual treatments, but the doctor isn’t pulling any punches, the odds aren’t in my favour.’
Anagril was about to say, ‘I told you to see the doctor’ but resisted. ‘Why not try?’
‘I wasn’t going to, but I’ve been thinking I might - for you. Trouble is I have to stay in London sometimes and I don’t want Anna to know. She’d never let me come home. I’d rather be with you. I’ve been thinking, Cliff will put us up. I’ll tell the kids an old friend has invited me to the U.S. for a while. Bob asked me on a visit, and I can trust him to keep mum.’
‘Do you mean to tell Cliff about me?’
‘Why not? You need a friend who isn’t a fairy. Especially when I’m dead, and you know his wife left him…’
‘Please Dan, don’t.’
‘Cliff never believed you are dead. He keeps looking for you.’
‘I’ll never understand why he thinks I’m still alive.’
‘That book, he read it too. Why not? It would help our old friend and save him a fortune on psychologists.’

Cliff was still sandy-haired, he hadn’t aged as Daniel. He held tight onto Anagril and wept.
‘You should have told me. My wife thought I was crazy, following beautiful redheads all over the place.’
‘Dear Cliff, I’m not surprised she left you,’ said Anagril holding him tighter.
‘God, I’d forgotten how beautiful you were, are. So you are a fairy? I believed I was mad. Thank you, God, thank you.’
‘I believed I was mad too, Cliff.’
‘Dan should have told me the truth, I could have helped. Never mind, I’m so happy to see you now.’

The operation was difficult, and the follow-up treatment not as bad as expected. But it was soon obvious Daniel wasn’t responding, and after two months, he was getting thin. He was desperate to get back home to the cottage. As Cliff was retired, he went with them to help Anagril look after Daniel.
He said. ‘Hasn’t it always been the three of us?’

Owen was waiting at the cottage when they got home.
‘Just like old times Owen,’ said Cliff shaking his hand.
Orist looked over at Anagril, who shook her head, her eyes bright with unshed tears.



Chapter 27

Anagril spent her time at the cottage. Owen and Cliff did most of the work around the house.
One day she was alone in the house with Daniel, she’d sent Owen and Cliff for a well-earned pint at the pub. Daniel was asleep in his bed and she lay next to him watching his face. She was emotional and didn’t hear the door open. It was John. He still came to see Uncle Owen and came in to find a book.
‘Mum? Mum?’
‘Yes John, no, I’m not a ghost.’
‘You have to be, you haven’t changed. What’s wrong with dad?’
‘He’s asleep.’
‘He’s supposed to be in America. We get texts and emails from America.’
‘He’s not well John,’ she had to tell him now. Anagril could affect his mind and disappear as if she were a ghost. John was terrified and backed away. ‘John touch me, feel me, I’m real.’
‘No, you can’t be! You look the same. You wouldn’t, not after all these years.’
Neither of them heard Cliff and Owen returning. Cliff ran upstairs, he’d seen John’s car in the drive and saw Anagril bending over John, who was lying on the floor. 
‘He fainted.’
When he regained consciousness, John was angry. Why wasn’t he told his father was ill, and worse why had his mother pretended to die?
Daniel answered him. ‘As to the former, I wanted your mother with me. If I had told you, Anna would’ve insisted I stay with her, and we’d be separated.’
‘I still don’t understand. Why hasn’t she aged?’
‘John you’d better ask your mother.’
‘I’m a Scalfan John, a fairy. Remember your grandfather’s books. That is why I pretended to die. We don’t age like humans, and everyone said I looked too young. This way your father and I could be together.’
‘That explains why you sold the business and came here to live.’ Daniel nodded. ‘No, I don’t believe it. I must be having a psychotic episode. I’ll wake up, after leaving my car on the motorway, found wandering naked, scaring cows as I run around laughing. Perhaps, it’s one of those lucid dreams, and I’ll wake up at home sweating and wonder what it means. Fairies? There are no such things as fairies,’ he shook his head. ‘I have mourned for you over and over, mum, let me go, give me back my sanity.’

Anagril touched his cheek, he fell asleep. Cliff and Owen got him into his usual bed.
Cliff came back white-faced. ‘Is he all right, what did you do?’
‘A sleep, to help heal, hopefully, when he wakes, he’ll believe I’m real.’ 
‘If he doesn’t?’
‘Then if I can’t do it myself, I’ll get help to make him forget everything. He will be fine Cliff.’
‘You fairies haven’t done anything to me, have you? I’m not mad am I?’
‘No Cliff, unless we all are?’

She should have let Penegulan or Orist take away his memories but she didn’t. By Scalfan rules neither Daniel nor Cliff should know. She expected censor from Loneghan but none came, he nodded a cool greeting as she found him in the reception area. She had been reluctant to resume her lessons with him, since the argument so many years before, and since then she’d never been alone with him. He let her be. She’d come to Thrangil, not to find solace in Penegulan’s arms, or wisdom from Loneghan, but to find Orist who returned often to make sure everything was running smoothly in his absence.
‘Find Orist,’ she demanded of her Calpin.
He arrived soon after and she dismissed the calpin. She saw the smirk on her face as she left.
‘Can you believe it Orist, they believe we are lovers.’
‘I’m not too keen on Calpin women if I need a woman I go to the surface.’
‘Do you? I’ve never asked. I’m selfish aren’t I?’
‘No. The Calpin assume because we are friends we have to be lovers, just as well Penegulan knows the truth. What is wrong Aggy, what can’t wait until I return?’
‘What should I do with John? I’ve healed him as best I can. Daniel is very sick.’ Orist nodded sympathetically. ‘I’m frightened if John tells Anna… but she and Nick must know soon. What should I do? Make John forget and lose my son again, or risk losing Daniel?’
‘Don’t cry Aggy.’
‘I stopped my studies with Loneghan, but could you teach me how to appear older? No one does it as well as you.’
‘Loneghan is a better teacher. It took me a human lifetime to perfect it. Why ask now?’
‘I thought I could re-enter their lives, pretend I’ve had amnesia, but I can’t look like this.’
‘My dear one, you can’t go back. Soon this dark city will be your home.’
She sobbed. ‘What about my John?’
‘What do you want from me, Aggy?’
‘I want to keep my baby.’
‘He will grow old too, and you will have this pain again.’
‘I have pain all the time. I long to play with my grandchildren, and all I can do is watch them from the shadows.’
‘Soon you will have more children…’
‘Hold me Orist.’
Penegulan saw everything through the curtain. He knew how they cared for each other, and he was still jealous of the Calpin, even though he owed him his life and Anagril’s too. One day, as she became more Scalfan, she’d seek Orist’s arms and he’d have to let her.
As for now, soon she’d stop her herbs and become pregnant, and for a time she’d be only his.

Orist went to see Penegulan. ‘Lord, I need a release from my other duties to help care for Daniel.’
‘That’s planned Vangil.  Are your replacements ready?’
‘Yes my lord.’ Orist waited. Penegulan hadn’t beaten him for many years, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t punish him if the other Vangil made mistakes.
‘I will come too and help my wife through this time. How long does Daniel have?’
‘They are not sure, the doctor’s say a few weeks. Lord, my Lady suffers, her son has seen her. Should I make him forget?’
‘What does the princess want?’
‘She wants to keep him.’
‘Then let her.’

John was awake when Owen and Anagril returned, but still in his bed staring up at the ceiling, scared to leave his room. For once, the old cottage frightened him. Was this a bad dream, or was his father very ill, and his mother still alive and still young? It had to be a bad dream. He just finished convincing himself when Cliff knocked.
‘You all right John. I’ve made dinner, why not come down.’
‘Yes, Uncle Cliff, give me ten minutes. I need a shower, I must have had a virus.’

Cliff went back to Anagril and Owen. ‘He’s getting up, are you sure this is wise Aggy?’
‘No, but if I let Orist take away the memory I’ll lose him again. Is Dan still asleep?’
‘Yes, the painkillers knock him out. I’m exhausted, it’s the stress. How will John cope? I hope he’s strong enough.’
‘If he’s not Cliff, I will take away the memories,’ said Owen. ‘But we should try it. Anagril is losing enough with Dan dying.’
Cliff looked puzzled. ‘I’ve been wondering. What if the children are more fairy than human?’
‘They’re not, we’d have known by now.’
‘So it’s possible?’ Cliff looked over at Anagril.
‘Yes,’ Anagril admitted, ‘I asked the same questions years ago. I hoped I might have had at least one child I didn’t have to lose.’
‘I see, how awful. Glad you can stay Owen…’
John walked into the kitchen. Anagril stood up and waited for his reaction.
‘So it wasn’t a dream.’
‘No John it wasn’t. I am real. Do you remember what I told you?’
‘Yes, although I’d rather forget it. There are no such things as fairies.’
‘There are John, I am one and so is Uncle Owen.’
Orist hadn’t aged his face, John hadn’t noticed at first.
‘I must be going mad… Uncle Cliff?’
‘It is true, John. You may think you are mad, but my wife insisted I was because I believed in fairies. Ironic isn’t it? Come on sit down and try to eat something. I’m not a good cook like your mum, but I’m not bad at roasts.’
John didn’t move, so Anagril got up and walked over to her son. ‘You look so like your father did at your age and Tim too,’ she took hold of his hand. ‘Come on John, sit, you must have questions you’d like to ask me?’
‘Yes, just how sick is dad?’
‘Very sick.’
‘What is it, cancer?’
‘Yes, they tried to cure him, but he left it too long, and they couldn’t stop it spreading. We wanted to spend time together, so that’s why he pretended he was with Bob in America.’
‘I check on the house and see Uncle Owen, I might have seen you, why not dad too!’
‘Uncle Owen took care of that, and I have another home close.’
 John shook. Cliff made him sit. ‘Where?’ He knew the answer. ‘The mound?’ he shook his head, they were losing him.

Anagril tried to steer the conversation to something approaching normality. ‘John we should try to eat after the trouble Cliff has gone to. Why don’t you tell us how your life is going, still no special girlfriend?’
‘No mum, I’m far too serious for most girls, besides I forget to turn up to dates, they soon get fed up of me,’ he brushed away tears. ‘Sorry Cliff, I’m not hungry, I want to see dad. Tell Anna and Nick, it’s not fair.’
‘Yes, I know. Your dad is determined to put that off for as long as possible. He doesn’t want you to suffer as he did when his dad died and worried Anna will insist on coming here to look after him. Owen and Cliff help and the nurse comes to check on him…’ Anagril pleaded with her son.
Silence.
‘Yes,’ he said at last. ‘I understand. I’ll go and see Anna and Nick, and tell them about dad, not wanting to upset them. I’ll explain he wants his old friends looking after him. But Anna will be upset. I’ll take time from lectures, stop her taking over.’

The next few weeks were a dream to everyone concerned. Anna came quickly and saw her father was in good hands with best friends. It helped when Paul turned up too and “persuaded” Anna and her boisterous family to go home.
Nick, and a weeping Anna and her family went home, and Anagril and Dan were left in peace, apart from weekend family visits. Anagril kept vigil by his bed overnight as he deteriorated. One night Dan woke up unusually lucid.
‘Aggy? Get the children,’ his voice was slurred, but he made sense for once. ‘No Aggy, I can’t stay, but I’ll wait for you, I don’t care how long it takes.’ 

John made the expected calls to his siblings.
Anagril hid as the children said their goodbyes to their father. The doctor came and told them he was close to death. Anna wept again as the others stood as still as stone. Penegulan and Orist waited downstairs for the family to say goodbye. As soon as he’d passed away, John got everyone out of the room, to give Anagril time for her goodbyes.

She was Penegulan’s now, but she’d never forget her Daniel, her first love.



Epilogue

Daniel left John the cottage, it was still Anagril’s home, and the other two received money. Soon after the funeral, John helped his mother to go through his father’s things. She gave John the jewellery box, he remembered from his childhood.
‘Give this to your sister John. If she asks about my pearls tell her you can’t find them. As for my wedding and engagement rings, I can’t bear to part with them either, nor the locket my father gave me… she can have everything else.’
John moved from his flat at Oxford into the cottage. The university was an easy enough commute.

True to her word, Anagril was soon pregnant. She was happy to have another child, as she still grieved for Daniel. She had John, but she still couldn’t hold her other two, or her grandchildren. When it arrived, the baby helped her sorrow. It was a boy, they named him Coliest. Scalfan ladies didn’t look after their children, one of their Calpin usually acted as a wet-nurse. They gave milk easier than a human woman. However, Anagril insisted on feeding him, and everyone but her husband and Orist were scandalised, they had seen this before in an earlier life.
As if to hold onto her humanity, she’d often go to the cottage to clean and cook for her son John. John never married or kept a steady girlfriend, and his mother worried about him. He insisted the academic life he’d chosen suited him and was all he needed. John often visited Thrangil and became part of that world too. He was a kind, indulgent, uncle figure for his Scalfan siblings and Anna’s children.

John aged. Coliest, a difficult, proud Culan like his father, spent most of his time at the cottage learning what John could teach him, and more. When John died at a hundred and nineteen, Coliest took his books, papers, and computers.
The cottage was sold to a Cole Ranagast, who also bought most of the furniture and house contents.

Penegulan and Anagril had twenty-four children. Thrangil grew and became prosperous, no longer an empty provincial city on the edge of the fairy world. The mound was alive again, at least on the inside, on the outside it remained the same. Times changed on the surface too. The interest in fairy mythology waned. Anagril still had copies of her father’s British Myths and wondered if anyone ever read it?

 As Loneghan and the other wizards predicted, the Earth fought the humans causing it pain. It visited on them strange weather patterns and then new viruses as the world became warmer. There were too few humans to cause the smoke sickness, and old, dirty technologies replaced by wiser methods. The humans retreated to farming again, and the few who held onto their technology faded. Coliest claimed all the technology he found around the world and made machines, which couldn’t hurt his people. Many of his siblings had similar interests and grew to understand the surface too…

Time to reclaim the Earth… and perhaps one day, they would return to the stars.
