
Sacred Water
Book 2
The Time Before

Charles Kaluza, DO

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2011 Charles Kaluza

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.   This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.   If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.   If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.   Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author


Chapter 1

Heather found Daniel in their quarters.  He stood staring at the clothes the royal tailor had delivered.  She came up beside him and put her arm around his waist.  The clothes laid out were of the highest fashion and beautifully made.  Daniel said, “I am of the Forest.  These clothes are for one not of the Forest.”
Heather replied, “My stepmother meant well.  She does not understand the ways of the Forest.  The party is in our honor and we will wear what we’re comfortable with.  I will tell my father and his Queen that our dress will not be formal.”
When they entered the great hall which was now decorated as a ballroom, their entrance was announced with trumpets.  Daniel was more than a little self-conscious.  Heather held his hand tightly as they walked past hundreds of dignitaries from throughout the kingdom.  Daniel in his loose fitting trousers and layered shirts and vest stood out sharply against all the brightly colored silk robes.  Heather was dressed in the white gown of a bride but her shoulders were draped with the fighting cape of the Forest.  Her hair was still quite short and instead of a jeweled crown she wore a crown of leaves and flowers, much like she had at their wedding.
When they arrived at the head table the trumpet sounded again and her father, the King of the Northern Kingdom, and his Queen, her stepmother, entered the hall.  Everyone bowed as they passed, except for a small group of those from the Forest who were in the far corner of the hall.  Daniel much wished he could hide with his friends instead of being on display.  The music continued until the King and Queen reached their seats and sat down.  There was a general flurry as people took their own seats.  When the commotion had quieted, the King raised his glass with this left-hand and said, “A toast to my daughter and my new son!”
Everyone stood and cheered with their glasses raised until Heather and Daniel stood and accepted their toast.  When quiet again returned Daniel raised his glass and said, “A toast to my father-in-law and the peace he has returned to our lands.”
When the cheering had again settle down the King announced simply, “Let the feast begin.”
People began sharing the bread loaves scattered amongst the many settings.  A salad of pickled cabbage and asparagus was then served.  Daniel soon lost track of the many courses.  The food was not as varied in flavor as he had experienced in the Southern Kingdom but they made up for it in volume.  Music played continuously in the background and the levels of conversation would swell and decline with the serving of each new course.  Despite Daniel’s attempts to limit his wine intake, his head was feeling a bit giddy.  
The trumpets were sounded and a huge wedding cake was brought forth.  The King rose and said, “A toast to my daughter Heather and my new son Daniel.  May they enjoy life together and bring me many grandchildren.”
The toasting began in earnest.  It seemed each and every dignitary needed to toast Daniel and Heather, and the King.  Many of the toasts were long-winded and Daniel had trouble following their meaning, possibly because of the wine.  When at last it was time to cut the wedding cake Daniel and Heather rose together and with musical fanfare sliced into the cake.  As customary, the first piece was presented to Heather’s father and his Queen.  When he nodded approval, Heather and Daniel shared a piece together to much applause.  They returned to their seats and the cake was cut and distributed to everyone.
The Queen arose and said, “I would hear the story of your wedding.”
Heather and Daniel rose together and Daniel said, “The story is simple and probably not of much interest.  If you would hear it, I would ask my friends of the Forest to tell of the story of our wedding.”
With the general clapping of approval the group of hunters from the Forest pushed three tables together and climbed on top of their impromptu stage.  Jeremy acted as the orator.  They quickly set the scene of their camp in the highlands of the Southern Kingdom.  Heather’s injury and rescue were described, as well as Daniel’s lifesaving transfer of his blood to Heather.  Daniel’s profound weakness was displayed by the actor, who had to propose to Heather while crawling.  The King’s arrival on a horse was emulated with much laughter.  The wedding ceremony ended with the now famous kiss that caused Daniel to pass out.
Those of the Forest accepted the applause and laughter of the assembly with simple bows.  They reassembled their tables and received new glasses of wine.  The Queen rose again and said, “I would that I could have been at their wedding.  I thank you for your telling the tale for us.  I would now hear the story of my husband’s injury and his saving.”
Daniel knew this request would be forthcoming and he had tried to prepare.  Maybe it was the wine or maybe it was the large crowd but he had trouble finding his voice.  Heather arose with him and when he had trouble starting the story she helped him by setting the scene and describing the attack by the Red Ambassador.  Daniel recovered and continued the story about how they rushed to the King’s chamber and found him wounded, having defeated the assassin using only his left arm.  As Daniel described his medical findings and realization of the poison on the sword, Heather allowed her eyes to sweep the audience.  She saw the head royal physician sitting with one of the church elders.  Their faces revealed more than jealousy; it was almost hatred of Daniel as he told the rescue story.  Heather could hear the words Daniel was saying as he described the need to amputate the King’s arm, but her mind was focused on the intensity of the emotions displayed by those she now considered enemies.  She may have won her battle with the church elders and the royal physicians, but peace with them seemed impossible.
When Daniel’s tale was finished they sat down and just listened to the many other stories that were told.  The evening wore on but her heart was no longer in the festivities.  Her warrior nature had again risen to the surface and she was contemplating the dangers her enemies in the palace represented, as well as the danger of the Red Ambassador.  Daniel noted her change in attitude but waited until the festivities were completed and they were returning to their own quarters before asking what the problem was.  He listened to Heather’s description of the royal physician and church elder’s response to his story.  As they approached the door to their quarters he said, “Tonight we celebrate, tomorrow you can worry again.” He then picked Heather up and opened the door, saying, “At least I now have the strength to carry my bride over the threshold.”
Heather hugged his neck and whispered in his ear, “And what else would you have strength for tonight my love?”
* * *
The next day brought more fresh snow and most of the dignitaries were slow in departing the palace for their own homes and villages.  Heather was eager to resume her planning for potential threats, but the King had not yet much energy and his advisers would politely listen to Heather but take no action.  That evening Daniel listened patiently as she complained about the lack of concern of those in the palace.  He gently reminded her that she still had those of the Forest in her service.  She was quiet for about a minute before saying, “I would have our young priest travel to the Forest to continue his studies of the times before.  Do you think it possible?”
Daniel replied, “Travel during the winter is much slower and more arduous but with proper preparations it is possible.  Would the church leaders allow him to go?”
“He has been ostracized since his support of the old law.  I am sure I can arrange the request such that they would be happy to have him gone.  You think those of the Forest would be willing to risk taking him?”
“Those of the Forest have pledged their services to you.  They will do as you ask.”
Heather now had a mission and there was more eagerness in her eyes.  Daniel suggested that they should go into the city and find Jeremy.  Concern was immediately evident on Heather’s face and she tried to make excuses for not leaving the palace.  Daniel took her hand and said, “I know you would protect me but you cannot do it by keeping me in this cage.  My spirit will wither.”
Tears filled Heather’s eyes and she tried to explain the danger she felt from the royal physicians and church elders.  If Daniel were even to accidentally break another law, they would again pounce him.  It wasn’t safe.  So she again described the hatred she saw on their faces and voiced her concern about a possible assassination attempt.
Daniel held her close and said, “Just as your father could not protect you by confining you to your home, you cannot protect me by keeping me inside these walls.  My spirit will not allow it.  You must find another way.”
Heather knew Daniel was right, but the fear of losing him was a heavy burden.  She finally said, “Let us go and see if we can find Jeremy.”
Daniel was not surprised to see Heather don her sword as well as her cape as they prepared to face the snow on their way to the tavern.  Jeremy had sampled many of the taverns and had chosen the Rusty Tavern as his personal favorite.  Daniel and Heather made their way to the wharf section of town.  The freshly fallen snow bestowed a look of freshness upon this old district.  The moon was out and there was plenty of light.  When they arrived at the tavern there was no doubt that Jeremy was there.  Laughter rang out as he finished one of his stories.  The local patrons had adopted Jeremy and the other hunters but when Heather and Daniel entered, the room became quiet.  Jeremy welcomed them warmly and brought them to his table.  Gradually the noise level returned as others began telling their stories.
Jeremy said, “About time you two got away from the palace.  Let me get a couple more glasses of beer.  You know, your brewmasters do a pretty good job.”
They enjoyed watching and listening to the many stories being told.  When Heather was finally comfortable with the setting, she asked Jeremy about guiding the young priest to the Forest for his studies.  Jeremy took a sip of his beer and licked the froth from his upper lip before saying, “We can make the journey.  He is a good man and travels well.  When would you have us leave?”
“Soon, maybe on the day after the morrow.”
“Not a problem.  Several of those of the Forest would like to return home and would be happy to leave with him.  Daniel, you must need another beer.”
Daniel accepted the second beer and was content to sit back and watch the antics of his dear friend.  It was getting late when Captain John entered.  Jeremy waived him over and he joined them at the table.  He nodded to Daniel and Heather before saying, “Princess, it has been awhile since we last met here.  Does you being here mean that I’m in for more adventures?”
Heather smiled and said, “We’re here to find Jeremy but I would like to speak to you of a voyage.”
“A winter voyage?”
Heather replied, “The ship of the Red Ambassador you said was built for exploration.  I would have you set out on such a voyage.”
“To where?”
“To wherever the Red Ambassador had meant to sail.  I doubt that he would’ve gone north because of the ice pack.”
Captain John sipped his beer quietly before answering, “To the South is only the barren desert.”
Heather asked, “Does the desert go forever?”
“Who knows? The ship would hold supplies for a two-month journey.  I would suppose we could sail South for a month and still be able to return home if the desert did not end.” 
Heather asked, “When could you be ready to set sail?”
Captain John took another drought of his beer and said, “If we had access to the military supplies, we could be ready in one week.  I would assume this would be considered a military mission.”
It was Heather’s turn for a moment of silent reflection before she answered, “Yes, I’m afraid it probably is a military mission.”
“My crew and I will sail under your name because of the pledge we made.  However, getting access to the supplies will require a more formal authorization.  Can you obtain this authorization?”
“My father’s advisers do not sense the urgency of the threat from the Red Ambassador.  I’ll speak directly with my father for the authorization.  Plan on sailing in ten days time.”
“The ship will be ready.”
The evening was getting late when Daniel and Heather headed back to the palace with their friends.  They were somewhat boisterous coming through the gate but Heather didn’t really mind.  Moving forward with their planning was much preferred to arguing with her father’s advisers.  Now she had to do was get her father to agree.  This would be a problem for the morning.
They joined the King in their private quarters for breakfast.  His strength continued to improve but fatigue still limited his activity.  He listened first to Heather’s request to send the young priest to the Forest for study of the ancient scrolls and the time before.  This simple request was complicated by the need to obtain permission from the church elders.  Her father said, “The assignment of the individual priest is the responsibility of the church elders.  I, of course, have the right to request a priest be assigned for a task but the trick is to make sure they assign the one you want.”
Heather responded, “I doubt if any of the other priest would want to go.”
Her father smiled and said, “Political decisions sometimes overrule common sense.  We need to present the request in a manner that maintains the elders’ sense of control but also accomplishes our goal.”
Daniel asked, “Would it matter if those of the Forest who would be leading this expedition requested the young priest whom they already knew?”
Heather’s father nodded his head and said, “An excellent suggestion.  It removes my daughter’s conflict from the process.  I will have the request submitted this morning.  What else did you want to talk about?”
Heather described her plan for a voyage of exploration.  Her father asked a number of pertinent questions.  He agreed with her assessment of the dangers represented by the Red Ambassador.  He then expressed his concern about the risk involved in a winter voyage.  Heather was insistent that the potential danger justified the risk.  Finally, her father agreed to authorize the supplying of the ship and the voyage of exploration.  Despite the morning hour, his fatigue was showing and Heather left to continue her planning alone.


Chapter 2

Heather worked hard on her planning but things never went as smoothly as she wanted.  There was always another bureaucratic hurdle.  Those of the Forest had been delayed for over a week while the church elders completed their decision making process.  In the end, Heather got what she wanted but not without playing their game.  Her father counseled patience but it was not her nature.
 She wanted to have a formal going away party for those of the Forest, who would be leaving, but Daniel insisted they would enjoy more an evening at the Rusty Tavern.  The evening had gone well with good food and stories upon stories.  Jeremy seemed intent on closing the tavern down, but for Daniel and Heather it was time to leave.  Opening the door of the tavern, they were greeted with heavy snowfall and a cold wind.  They pulled their capes tighter around themselves and started back towards the palace.  As they climbed the hill away from the harbor, Heather's sense of contentment seemed to dissolve and she became anxious.  Daniel was only minimally aware of the change in his bride until she uncovered her sword.  He asked, "What is bothering my love on such a good evening?"
The words were no sooner out of his mouth than the attackers were upon them.  They seemed to come from everywhere in the narrow street intersection.  Their weapons were simple spears and a net.  Heather's sword flashed and she said, "Stay next to me and we'll try to work our way along this wall."
Daniel did as he was told and they began working their way back down the hill with Heather's sword their only protection.  Her fierce thrusting kept all the attackers just out of reach and those who tried to close upon them paid the price.  They had made it almost halfway back to the tavern when Heather slipped on the snow.  It was just enough of an opening, and Daniel found himself entangled in a net.  He was suddenly dragged away while his wife was surrounded with attackers, unable to respond to his cry.
The net was wrapped around him tightly, preventing all struggles on his part.  He was thrown onto a horse-drawn sleigh that immediately departed.  Heather cried out but the snow blanketed all sound.  She went on the offensive and suddenly all of her attackers seem to disappear.  She was alone with several bodies and wounded scattered around the narrow street.  Sliding and running down the hill she reached the Rusty Tavern and threw the door open.  Jeremy and the few hunters left were immediately on their feet grabbing their own cloaks.  The look on Heather's face said everything.  She said simply, "Near the top of the hill, they took him in a sleigh."
When they reached the site of the battle, Jeremy and the hunters immediately began tracking the horse sleigh.  Heather continued on up the hill towards the palace, running as hard as she could in the heavy snow.  She arrived at the gate and found Elrod on duty.  She told him to sound the alarm and prepare those of the Forest to travel.  She made her way to her father's quarters.  The alarm had already sounded and he was partially dressed when she arrived.  She said simply, "They have kidnapped Daniel and I wasn't able to stop them."
Her father looked at the blood splattered across her and knew it wasn't because she hadn't tried.  He asked, "Your plan?"
"Jeremy is tracking the sleigh, I am leaving in pursuit with some of those from the Forest.  I would like you to reinforce us."
"I will send half of the palace garrison but we must not leave the palace unguarded.  I wish my strength were back because I would lead them.  Go, may the God of the Sacred Water go with you.  My troops will follow as soon as they are ready."
Heather reached up and gave her father a hug, tears were streaming down her face but she said nothing else.  Her father returned the hug with his one arm and wanted so to comfort her and protect her, but the time was for action.  He said simply, "Go.  The one you love needs your help."
In the few minutes she was gone, Elrod had gathered forty of those from the Forest who were ready to travel.  He was also dressed for travel with his pack and spear.  Heather did not even try to argue with him.  She said, "My father's troops will follow us.  Jeremy is ahead scouting.  I know not where this journey will take us, and I thank you for your help."
As they headed through the gate another of the Forest, Ben, arrived carrying Betty on his back.  She too was dressed for travel with her small backpack and short sword.  Heather acknowledged them with a nod and said simply, "The trail begins just below the top of the hill above the Rusty Tavern.  Some will go ahead and scout the way Jeremy has gone."
The main group made good time and arrived at the scene of the attack less than two hours after Daniel had been taken.  The heavy snow continued but those of the Forest were able to easily track the way the sleigh had gone.  Their small lanterns made only the smallest dent in the blackness of the snowstorm.  Heather trudged on, with her small militia, and a heaviness in her heart, fearing the loss she should have prevented.  Occasionally, one of the Forest would appear out of the darkness and report before another would leave in their loping run to maintain communication with those ahead.  It should have been nearly daybreak when they arrived near an abandoned wharf area, but the darkness had receded only to a muted grayness.
Jeremy was waiting and reported, "I caught up with them just as they were loading Daniel aboard a boat.  They left immediately and sailed down stream.  Others of the Forest are trying to track them from the bank but in the darkness the sound of oars is their only guide."
Heather thought but for a moment before saying, "We must find Captain John and give chase.  I would those of the Forest divided into two groups, one to continue tracking onshore, the other to set sail with me."
Elrod spoke up saying, "Captain John should be with the boat at the military docking area which is back upstream about two miles."
Jeremy named four others from the Forest to continue with the other scouts who had already headed off downstream.  They needed no other instruction, but would continue their leapfrog technique and try to keep up with the boat.  Heather found Ben at her side and without saying anything, he guided her back upstream.  The snow was heavy and the trail in poor repair, making the going slow.  Those of the Forest tried to create the path but it was still very tiring and the pace much too slow for Heather.
By the time they arrived daylight was evident only by the lighter grayness; visibility was still less than 100 feet.  There was activity aboard the ship and men were busy shoveling snow from the deck and clearing the rigging.  Heather could hear Captain John's voice giving orders but could not make out the words, so muffled by the heavy snow.  Nobody seemed to notice Heather and her small militia until she began carefully climbing the narrow walkway that connected the ship to the dock.  Captain John appeared and said, "Princess, it would be best if your men could get below quickly so we can cast off.  You and your Betty should take the Ambassador's cabin.  We will be ready to give chase in just a few minutes."
Heather did not even reply but headed towards the cabin where her father had slept on their journey north such a short time ago.  She tried to shake as much snow off as possible before entering the cabin.  It was still furnished in all red and nothing seemed to have changed.  She was just taking her cape off when Betty appeared.  Betty took the cape from her and told her, "Princess, you need to rest.  Take off your wet leggings and climb into bed.  I will get them dry for you."
Heather protested saying, "I need to confer with Captain John.  Sleep will have to wait."
Betty chided her saying, "The captain doesn't need your help.  If we're going to rescue Daniel we have to be rested.  It's your turn to rest."
Despite her weariness and concern, Heather had to smile just a little at the commands Betty was issuing.  They made sense and so Heather did as suggested and climbed into bed, knowing she would be unable to sleep.  She felt the ship begin to move and the rocking and creaking soon allowed sleep to overtake her anxiety.  Her dreams were not pleasant, with images of Daniel being tortured continuously entering her sleep.  The darkness of sleep between periods of dreams did provide some rest, and when the character of the boat's motion began to change, she awoke.  The small window let in enough light that she could see the grayness of the snowstorm was receding.  Betty was sleeping on a mat near the door.
She arose and dressed but could not leave the cabin without awakening Betty.  She told her, "It is now your time to rest.  I need to speak to Captain John."
Betty slid her mat away from the door and replied, "If you need me, I come."
Heather nodded a reply and opened the cabin door.  The short passage led to another door that opened to the outdoors.  The snow had definitely slackened but the biting wind remained strong.  She made her way to the small pilothouse, holding on to the rail to compensate for the rolling of the ship.  The pilothouse provided some protection from the elements and within she found Captain John staring intently ahead through the snow.  From there, he would give correction commands to the young man at the helm.  Another sailor would relay his commands to those controlling the sails.  Only after the coming about would he allow his attention to waver from the course of the ship and acknowledge Heather.
He said, "The oars give our enemy some advantage here in the river.  I may not be able to catch them until after they cross the bar.  Your friends from the Forest seem to have kept up somehow and occasionally give us an update from the shore.  I don't think those in the other ship know they are being pursued."
"How far behind are we?"
Captain John replied, "I figured those who kidnapped your Daniel had at least a ten mile start.  It would seem we have closed the gap somewhat but they are still several miles ahead.  We will reach the ocean bar in about two hours, not enough time to catch them."
"The ocean is large, how will we find them?"
Captain John peered silently into the snow before answering, "They must be sailing south for the ice is to the north.  We will meet them in the passage." 
It was Heather's turn for silence.  She stared out into the snow watching the swirling white and gray letting a thought try to form.  She quietly asked, "How do we decide which passage?"
Captain John was somewhat surprised by her question and replied, "I would expect the kidnappers to know only of one passage.  How would they have knowledge of the secret passage we used?"
"The knowledge is not secret, it is just not used.  If the kidnappers know of this passage we will not be successful in rescuing Daniel."
Captain John objected, "But how would they know of it?"
Heather was still feeling the effect of her hard march and the fatigue slowed her thinking.  She replied, "I would expect Daniel's kidnapping has something to do with the Red Ambassador.  He had full access to the library of the Southern Kingdom.  They have transcribed many of the ancient scrolls.  This knowledge may have been contained in the library and have been discovered by the Red Ambassador."
"We have but one ship and must choose.  It is your Daniel and you are the warrior.  The decision must be yours."
"When must I decide?"
"By morning."
"I will decide."
They sailed on in relative silence.  How Captain John found his way amongst the swirling gray was a mystery to Heather.  Visibility was only a little better and most of the time she could not see the shore.  She asked, "Do you know the ship and crew who have taken Daniel?"
"From the description Jeremy gave it would be one Captain Dirk and his ship the Crow.  Amongst those of us who considered ourselves free traders, he was not trusted.  His desire for a profit always overrode his concern for everyone else.  He could not be relied upon to give aid when aid was needed."
Heather asked, "Could he have had contact with the Red Ambassador?"
Captain John was busy giving orders and did not reply until he saw something he recognized onshore.  Heather felt the ship turning as people carried out his orders.  A small break in the clouds was visible on the horizon and it appeared the sun would be setting soon.  Captain John finally replied, "The storm has about blown itself out.  We will have clear weather for several days now but the wind will be brisk.  I'm afraid sickness of the sea will be an issue for those of you not of the Sea.  My mistress means to dance with us and without your sea legs it will be hard for you to keep up.  The temperature is also going to drop and we will need to be chipping ice."
Heather was about to repeat her question about the Red Ambassador when Captain John continued, "I had never heard of this Red Ambassador until my release from prison.  While in prison I did hear stories of many things.  One of the stories was about a secret voyage to unknown lands.  I know not if the story concerned the Red Ambassador but it is possible."
Heather could feel the change in the wave action, a slow rolling motion was being added to the regular choppiness of the waves.  From her last voyage she knew that it meant they were nearing the bar.  She said, "I will check on those of the Forest to make sure they are ready.  I will tell you my decision at first morning light."
Heather made her way back below.  Those of the Forest were scattered amongst the many small holds.  Their spirits were good and Elrod had made sure their hammocks were properly made and aligned to limit rolling with the ship.  She sought out Jeremy, who was already looking a little green.  He said, "I think those of the Forest were not meant for the sea."
Heather asked, "Have you taken of Elrod's ginger tea?"
"I told him I would prefer a glass of ale, but I drank some anyway.  Now I'm not sure if I even want the ale."
Heather told him of the decision she needed to make but Jeremy had little to say other than, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom, Daniel told us you were a warrior and you have proven this to be true; we will trust your decision.  In the Forest we are taught to trust our hearts when deciding.  You must make this decision."
Heather left to check on Betty, the rolling and pitching of the ship continued to increase.  She had to concentrate as she made her way to the cabin of the Red Ambassador.  Inside the cabin Betty was now lying in a hammock stretched from the foot of her bed to the cabin wall.  The light from the small window was fading but Heather could tell Betty was not doing well.  Heather tried to sound cheerful when she asked Betty if she was okay.
Betty replied, "I be okay, are you okay?"
"Captain John says we'll have to dance with the sea for a while.  I think it would be best if you tried to get some more sleep."
Betty said, "Us little ones don't dance well.  Do you need something to eat?"
Heather said, "I'm not hungry but some of Elrod's ginger tea might be good for me.  Have you had any?"
"Yes Princess."
Heather was about to go look for Elrod when she heard a soft knock on the door.  She opened the door and there was Elrod with a pot of his ginger tea.  He said, "Princess, it would be best if you had some tea and maybe some sailor's bread.  The sea will be unsettled for a while."
Heather opened the door allowing him into the cabin where he set the tea and some hard biscuits on the small table.  Heather sat and took a sip of the tea.  It was somewhat bitter with a sharp flavor.  Elrod said, "Try dipping the sailor's bread in the tea."
Heather did is suggested and found the bitterness of the tea to be tamed by the biscuit.  She wasn't really hungry but wanted to avoid the sickness of the sea so did she was told.  Elrod lit a small lamp and checked on Betty while Heather slowly ate her two biscuits.  The pitching and rolling of the ship had increased significantly and Elrod said, "We must be crossing the bar.  It will settle down some pretty quickly."
Heather had to brace herself against the table and hold on to her cup of tea to prevent it from falling onto the floor.  Her thoughts were of Daniel and how he was doing as a prisoner with no one to care for him.  Her expression must have given her away because Elrod asked, "Princess, are you okay?"
Heather gave him the slightest smile before replying, "I was thinking of Daniel and how he must be suffering as a prisoner."
Elrod was uncharacteristically quiet and said only, "Those of the Forest have a toughness."
By the time Heather had finished her second biscuit and her tea, the sea was indeed a little more peaceful and a more regular rhythm was evident.  Elrod picked up her cup and said, "We are across the bar.  It would be best if you got some sleep."
"Thank you.  Those of the Forest will need your help."
Elrod said nothing but quietly closed the door.  Heather prepared for bed and thought about how fortunate she was to have with her people of such qualities.  She turned the lamp down very low and climbed into the bed which had been made for the Red Ambassador.  She lay in the darkness with thoughts of Daniel and all they had been through.  Her mind was no longer racing quite so badly and her thoughts became more organized.  A comment made by those of the Southern Kingdom now became quite understandable.  Daniel's knowledge and his powder made him the single most powerful person in their world.  It was this knowledge someone wanted, but who? It had to connect with the Red Ambassador and his stealing of the sacred water, but how?
Heather had used a spare blanket to wedge herself tightly against the cabin wall so as the ship rolled from side to side she stayed pretty stable.  The rolling seemed to gradually relax her and she finally fell asleep.  Her dreams were mostly of Daniel; some were pleasant and some were of Daniel being tortured.  It was nearly morning when a different dream took control.  It was her grandmother, the one who had given her the clasp which she used on her cape.  She just stood by the bedside looking at Heather.  She was wearing a fighting cape which was closed with Heather’s clasp.  After what seemed a very long time she said, "Our people are in great danger.  You must save the one you call Daniel and prepare for a great struggle.  You know in your heart the right course."
Heather realized she was awake and in the very pale light of early morning she could tell her grandmother was not in the room.  She now felt intensely calm, which she could not explain but was most certainly from her grandmother's visit.  She arose from bed, which woke Betty and they completed their morning ritual.  Making her way topside, she found Captain John giving orders to those at the helm.  The boat was still dancing with the sea, but Heather seemed to have adapted fairly well.
Seeing her walk without difficulty Captain John said, "Morning Princess.  Seems your sea legs are developing well."
"I am learning to dance.  How are we progressing?"
"The ship does well and we have most certainly passed those we wish to intercept.  The sea will stay stirred up for a while longer.  Have you made your decision?"
"I would know a little more about this Captain Dirk and his ship."
"Not much more to tell.  A capable captain with a good ship.  He doesn't always follow the rules of those who consider themselves free traders."
"Has he been gone for long periods?"
Captain John was thoughtful and said, "Now that you mention it I haven't seen much of him in the past year.  Do you think he's been sailing for the Red Ambassador?"
"That is my thought.  Do we have enough of a speed advantage to pass through the normal passage and still have time to secure the secret passage?"
Captain John stood nodding his head slightly while he calculated mentally.  "Aye Princess, a good plan.  We notify those on watch to stop the Crow if she appears and we secure the other passage.  We can do this." Captain John studied the chart in front of him and gave commands for a new bearing.  


Chapter 3

Daniel had little time to think, bound tightly in the net and riding in the back of the sleigh.  His abduction had happened so quickly, then the bouncing in the sleigh had required his utmost concentration as he tried to prevent further injury.  All he could do was slightly bend or straighten his body to compensate for the jostling.  The cold penetrated deep into his bones.  When the sleigh had finally stopped he was carried aboard the ship like a sack of grain and dumped into a large wicker basket below the deck.  He could hear orders being shouted and soon felt the boat begin to move.  The hull creaked and groaned as the oars were plied.
After what seemed a couple of hours, voices got close enough for Daniel to hear clearly.  Guards were told to ready their weapons and then the lid of the basket was lifted.  A lamp was held over the basket and Daniel could just make out faces behind the light.  The voice giving orders said, "Cut the net free.  We need to keep him alive."
Arms reached in and partially lifted Daniel.  Knives began severing the net and rolling Daniel free.  When he was finally able to sit upright, Daniel again looked up, but said nothing.  The light shining into the basket made visibility beyond the rim near impossible.  Only occasional head movements could be discerned but the voices were clear.  The voice giving orders said, "Welcome aboard the Crow.  Sorry about the accommodations but you're too valuable of cargo to take chances with."
Daniel did not respond and the voice continued, "Get him a blanket and a pot.  Make sure the lid is well secured; if he escapes you'll pay a heavy price."
The light was withdrawn and Daniel got a glimpse of the speaker.  He was somewhat swarthy looking with a medium beard and very heavy eyebrows.  A blanket and a chamber pot were thrown into the basket and the lid replaced.  Small amounts of light would streaked the tightly woven basket, but otherwise darkness returned.  It sounded to Daniel like the lid was being retained by pegs hammered into place.  Silence returned as the people left.  The boat kept rocking with the wave action and the sound of the rowing continued.
For several hours Daniel sat in the darkness like a caged animal.  At times the feeling of claustrophobia was almost overwhelming.  He had to concentrate on his breathing to control the anxiety welling up within.  It was only after his thoughts turned to Heather that he was able to fully control his claustrophobia.  He worried about her and prayed to the God of the Sacred Water that she had survived the attack.  Daniel felt much better when worrying about someone else.
He moved around the basket, still wrapped in the blanket, trying to find a position which limited the rocking and at the same time allowed him to see the tiny speck of light coming through the weave of the basket.  The speck of light would not move as the ship turned so Daniel figured it must be from a window or doorway.  At least it gave him a reference point.  From this reference, Daniel began to explore his cage.  It was large enough that he could lie down without touching his head, if his feet were tightly against the curved wall.  It was made from tightly woven strips of hardwood, not high enough to stand up in without stooping over.  The top edge seemed to be a fairly large beam that had been bent into a circle and the top itself was made of planks with a small door cut into the center.
Daniel's exploration ended as the pitching and rolling of the ship began to increase.  Now Daniel found he must sit wedged up against the basket wall, concentrating on the speck of light, to control the sickness of the sea.  They must be nearing what Heather had called "the bar".  The sounds of the ship changed as the oars were replaced with sails.  He could hear the distant voice giving commands but could not understand many of the words.  The small speck of light seemed to be getting dimmer and Daniel worried about losing his reference point.
Darkness had progressed and he was no longer able to consistently find his speck of light.  Voices were coming closer.  They had a different character and Daniel recognized the dialect of the little ones.  Multiple points of light were now visible which meant they were using a lamp.  Someone was climbing up on the basket and Daniel heard a bolt slide open and light began to pour through the small opening as the trapdoor was raised.  A small voice said, "Here is food and your water."
Daniel reached up, accepting the bowl and water bottle, saying, "May the God of the Sacred Water bless you for your kindness."
A timid voice asked in reply, "You the healer from the Forest?"
"I am."
The second voice said, "Come on.  We'll get in trouble."
The trapdoor closed and the light receded.  Daniel was left in the darkness, caged in a basket too small to stand up in.  The pitching and rolling of the ship were enough for Daniel to forgo any thought of eating.  Without visual reference to the horizon he could maintain balance only by wedging himself against the curve of the basket.  If he moved at all, the pitching and rolling of the ship would toss him about and bring on the sickness of the sea.  The cold seeped into the ship's hold and Daniel was shivering.  He moved just enough to cover himself with the blanket.  One of the small openings in the basket weave was large enough to give Daniel's fingers a grip to stabilize himself against the basket.
Daniel almost absently began exploring the basket weave with his fingers, trying to secure other anchoring points.  The strips of wood were the thickness of his little finger and about three times as wide.  The vertical members were somewhat thicker but of the same width.  Using his fingers to try and enlarge the opening resulted only in bleeding from a large sliver.  Groping carefully, Daniel reached out for the bowl hoping to find a spoon, but it had only some bread and dried meat.  As he was repositioning himself his childhood talisman fell free from under his tunic.  Using one hand to hold onto the basket, Daniel lifted the lanyard from his neck.  Memories of finding the tooth in the stream came rushing back as well as the loss he incurred.
In just a few minutes the hard serrated tooth tore away enough of the weave for Daniel to gain a more comfortable hold.  He restored the lanyard to his neck and tried to sleep.  The turmoil of the sea decreased and Daniel gradually fell asleep.
When he awoke darkness was still complete.  His fingers were cold and very sore from holding on to the basket weave.  Nature was calling and Daniel searched for the pot they had given him.  His confinement felt all the more real.  Either the motion of the ship had settled down or Daniel was becoming more tolerant of the movement.  Thinking was easier now, so Daniel struggled with the reason for his abduction.  Why would anyone want to abduct a healer? Heather's concerns about the enemies within the court came to mind, but that made no sense, why would they take him to the sea.  An image of the Red Ambassador came to his mind, he knew of ships and the sea.  Daniel shook his head saying to himself, "He died at Heather's sword." Then he wondered if others of his kind could be hiding amongst the people of the Northern Kingdom.
The sound of voices interrupted his thoughts and multiple points of light again penetrated through the weave of the imprisoning basket.  Someone again climbed up on top of the large basket and opened the small trapdoor.  He recognized the voice of the one who had given him his food.  "Pass up your pot and we'll empty it for you.  We have more food and water."
Daniel did as he was told but explained, "The sickness of the sea has kept me from eating the food you have given me.  I do appreciate your kindness."
There was talk between the two little ones but Daniel had trouble following their dialect.  The one on top asked, "Is it true that little ones like us won't be fixed anymore?"
Daniel wasn't sure what he was talking about at first but then realized it was about the practice of castrating all male half brains.  He replied, "Children born to mothers who have taken the sacred soil will be citizens and not subject to fixing."
He only understood part of the conversation between the two little ones but apparently the one on top had won the argument.  Further conversation was prevented by the arrival of Captain Dirk who demanded, "How is the prisoner?"
The little one sitting on top of the basket replied in a very timid voice, "He not eat."
Captain Dirk kicked the basket saying, "You had better start eating.  It'll be almost three weeks before you set foot on ground again.  You're worth nothing to me dead."
Daniel spoke up saying, "Why am I worth anything to you at all?"
Captain Dirk responded with a hearty laugh before saying, "Good point.  Seems the strangers have taken a strong interest in you and your explosions.  Offering damn good money for you."
Daniel did not reply so Captain Dirk continued, "Eat or we'll have to force feed you." 
Captain Dirk left but not before giving the basket another kick.  The little one on top said, "You better eat, he's mean."
Daniel said, "I'll try.  What is your name?"
"Me, I'm Tivi."
"My name is Daniel, and I thank you for your kindness Tivi.  What is your friend's name?"
The little one outside the basket said clearly, "I'm Billy."
Daniel continued, "Billy I also thank you for your kindness.  It would be easier for me to eat if I had a spoon or fork."
Tivi responded, "We try.  You eat now.  We must work or Captain be angry."
Daniel was left alone to his thoughts.  He picked at the food and drank some water.  He used his talisman to slightly enlarge the small opening where light came through.  Now if he put his eye up against the basket, he could see out a little.  The thought of three weeks trapped in the basket was more than he could comprehend so he avoided dwelling on it.  The light was coming through a hatch and he could make out a ladder but nothing else.  Occasionally a shadow would pass and block out the light from the hatch.  The sea still tumbled him about the basket if he was not braced.  He did seem to be getting his sea legs.  The day passed slowly and gradually the light began to dim.  Tired of standing hunched over trying to look out the small hole, Daniel used his hands to fully explore the basket.  Most of the wood strips were seven to eight feet long and had been obviously woven while wet, because they were free of any tension now that they were dry.
Approaching voices drew Daniel's attention back to a small peephole.  The light of the lantern was evident before the little ones began climbing down the ladder.  Tivi climbed up on the basket and undid the small trapdoor saying, "Mr.  Daniel, pass up your pot and your bowl.  We've brung more food."
Daniel did as directed asking, "What is the weather like, Tivi?"
"Just cloudy, no rain.  The waves are still high but maybe not so bad."
"Does the motion of the ship bother you and Billy?"
"A little.  At first it was bad but if we were sick the captain would beat us so we learned.  He's mean."
Daniel was quiet as he pictured the suffering of the little ones.  He accepted his empty pot and bowl of food.  He explored the bowl immediately but there was no utensil.  He thought about asking again but worried he would get the little ones in trouble.  He looked up as Tivi said, "Here is some fresh water and a present from us."
Daniel reached up and accepted the water jug from the small hands holding it.  A glint of light was shining off of something else the little hand was holding.  It was a heavy unpolished spoon.  Before Daniel could even thank the little ones they were closing up the small trapdoor and leaving.  He said simply, "Thank you for your kindness."
The voices receded up the ladder and the multiple points of light glinting through the basket were replaced by darkness.  In the distance he could hear some voices as men worked above him and the boat would creak and groan, but he was alone again in the darkness.
Daniel ate a little of the bread and meat and sipped on the water.  He debated with himself the best way of sharpening his new tool.  His options were pretty limited; the talisman was his only hope.  He scraped the serrated edge of the tool along the edge of the spoon handle.  After several slow strokes to avoid creating a sound which could be heard by his captors, Daniel could detect a polishing of the rough surface.  He spent a couple of hours sharpening, until his fingers tired of the repetetive motion.  A knife-edge was forming but his talisman was wearing out.  A simple stone was all he needed.  Fatigue finally set in and Daniel fell asleep.  His dreams were mostly of Heather, some comforting and some frightening.
The rhythm of Daniel's life was now controlled by the twice daily visits of the little ones and his hours of working on his possible escape.  He had created a reasonably sharp saw from the spoon handle using his talisman as a file.  Working slowly but diligently, he started sawing through the webbing of the basket, creating a potential opening large enough for him to fit through.  He was careful not to finish the cuts so they would be invisible from the outside.  The sawdust produced was a problem; Daniel would carefully pack it into the webbing on the floor of the basket.  Small pieces would fall through the webbing along the side and Daniel worried that they would be spied by Captain Dirk stopping by to inspect his cargo.
On the fifth day Daniel noted a significant change in the sea motion.  He waited anxiously for the little ones and asked, "Why has the sea changed?"
Tivi explained, "The mountains protect us.  By nightfall we will be inside and the anchor lowered.  Tomorrow we pass through the singing narrows.  It’s scary."
Further conversation was prevented by the arrival of Captain Dirk who bellowed, "Is he eating enough?"
Tivi replied, "He eats but not everything."
Daniel could hear the captain pull himself up onto the basket and saw his face looking down through the small trapdoor.  The light was so poor he could not make out any details.  The captain almost shouted at him, "You had better start eating more or I'm going to start force feeding you and you won't like it."
The captain climbed off the basket and gave it a kick before departing up the ladder.  Tivi, who had almost been knocked off the basket by the captain, told Daniel, "You eat more, OK?"
Daniel replied, "I will try.  I don't want you and Billy to get in trouble."
The day went by as Daniel continued to work on his escape hatch using the sharpened spoon handle as a saw.  He felt the ship change directions and then a huge vibration encompassed his world as the anchor was lowered.  A silence now permeated the ship and the creaking and groaning, which he had accepted as normal, were gone.  Footsteps and voices above were easily heard.  Now the noise of the saw seemed loud and Daniel forced himself to move even slower to reduce the noise.  The major cuts had all been completed except for a thin margin of wood on the outside.  This final cut would have to wait until the opportunity arose.
More unusual noises echoed in the hold as the skiff was lowered.  Men were sent ashore to replenish their supply of fresh water.  Their coming and going provided some background noise, which allowed Daniel an opportunity to continue working on his escape hatch.  Dinner arrived shortly after the darkness had settled in.  It was more of the dried meat with a little bread and some water.  Daniel did his best to finish the food.  The night was quiet and Daniel dared not make any noise with his saw.  Sleep was easier without being tossed about by the sea.  His dreams were a mix of pleasant times with Heather and fearsome times struggling to breathe.
The ship came alive before dawn and the anchor was slowly pulled back aboard.  The noise of the windless and of the oars being placed easily covered any sound Daniel could make.  His morning meal arrived and Tivi explained that they were about to enter the singing narrows.  Daniel tried to get more information about what it was like but Tivi would only say, "It’s scary.  I better go."
Daniel could feel an apparent movement of the ship which was matched to the rhythmic sound of the long wooden oars.  Soon he could hear a whistling sound which seemed to come from everywhere.  Captain Dirk's voice carried easily throughout the ship as he commanded those manning the oars.  It was eerie being confined to the darkness of the hold and Daniel had to fight an urge to break out from his escape hatch just to run top side and see what was going on.


Chapter 4

Heather's anxiety was growing.  They had arrived at the south entrance to the secret passage thirty-six hours earlier and still no sign of the Crow and her Daniel.  They had sailed hard with only brief stops at the northern and southern post in the standard passage.  The outpost winter crews were minimal but they pledged extra observance to watch for the trader’s ship.  They would search any ship thoroughly, looking for Daniel.  Now all Heather could do was wait and hope she'd made the right decision.  Several of the hunters from the Forest were placed as sentinels.  The passage was treacherous enough during the day and Captain John assured her that nighttime passage was not possible.  The siren winds made morning passage the most likely.
Their plans were a bit sketchy.  When the sentinels reported sighting the ship, Captain John would position their ship to block the exit and Heather's hunters would be ready with their bows if needed.  Jeremy and three other hunters had practiced climbing the rigging to see if they could use the height for their advantage.  Captain John’s sailors taught them how to secure themselves to the mast.  In the calm waters they were comfortable and the sickness of the sea was not an issue.
The morning was wearing on and Heather's hope was wearing thin.  A sudden glint from a signaling mirror was detected.  Several more flashes and Heather knew even without Jeremy decoding the message that a ship was coming.  Captain John ordered the anchor raised and partial sails.  They moved very slowly to the mouth of the Narrows.  The ship was positioned to the far right with just enough sails to hold their position against the wind and current.  Other flashes of light could be seen from other sentinels as the Crow made its way through the torturous Narrows.  Jeremy and the others were positioned high on the mast and the other hunters were scattered around topside, their bows ready.
When Captain Dirk aboard the Crow saw the ship blocking his way he did not even attempt to stop but instead ordered his rowers to maximum speed.  He headed directly for the ship blocking his passage.  Captain John held his position, thinking those on the Crow were going to try and speed past them.  The ship closed within a hundred yards when Captain John realized that Captain Dirk was going to attempt to ram them.  He ordered, "Full sails and rudder hard left."
Heather realized their danger and shouted to her hunters, "Take out the one manning the rudder first and then those rowing on the right side."
As the gap between the ships narrowed, arrows began to fly and the sailor manning the rudder on the Crow fell, as did several of the rowers on the right.  The rowing of those on the left began to turn the Crow to the right, but not enough and the ships continued to close on their collision course.  Captain Dirk’s swearing could be heard easily above the noise of the Sea and of the ships.  He grabbed the rudder and turned the Crow as hard to the left as he could, trying to strike them midship.  He urged his rowers on with a fury of cussing.
Their ship had gained enough momentum to begin turning and was partially turned away when the Crow's pointed iron bowsprite struck them a quartering blow just aft of midship.  The force was enough to crush the wood planking and pierce their ship.  They heeled over from the blow and people were tossed about.  The crew from the Crow immediately began swarming over the gunnel, armed with an assortment of knives and swords.  Heather was one of the first to recover and counterattacked with her sword.  
With a burst of cussing, Captain Dirk redirected the attack by pushing forward towards Heather.  His greater size and strength were enough to push Heather back towards the center mast.  Heather's agility and greater swordsmanship denied Captain Dirk victory but she was not able to overcome his ferocity.  Watching his eyes, she knew something was behind her but dared not turn to look and fought to maintain her position.
Betty was standing near the mast with her small dagger drawn and saw one of Captain Dirk's men start to move behind Heather.  She responded by moving forward to intercept him.  He either didn't see Betty or chose to ignore a mere half brain.  He was carrying an ax and raised it to strike Heather from behind.  With hardly a sound, Betty drove her dagger into his back trying to slice open his chest.  The attacker’s scream gurgled out, a voice mixed with blood.
Captain Dirk lunged at Heather who deflected his attack and spun around whirling her sword, which caught the ax wielder squarely in the neck almost decapitating him.  She continued her rotation back to Captain Dirk who had only partially recovered.  Her sword danced again and the thrust penetrated completely through his chest.  He fell forward at her feet still cussing with a voice which was now mixed with foaming blood.  Heather held her sword to his neck and asked, "Where is the healer from the Forest?"
Captain Dirk coughed up more blood and responded in a hateful voice, "Drowning like a rat in a cage."
Heather's sword twitched again and Captain Dirk spoke no more.  She turned her attention to Betty who was pinned down by the fallen attacker.  She was completely covered with blood from the man's neck wound and Heather feared for her life.  As she began pulling the fallen attacker off of Betty, she heard Betty's small voice say, "He's heavy."
Heather rolled the attacker back enough for Betty to crawl free.  As soon as Betty had regained her feet, Heather said, "Stay at my back." They resumed their counterattack.
Those hunters positioned on high had been knocked free of their supports and were dangling only from their safety lines.  At first the advantage was all to the attackers but gradually the arrows from the rigging began to turn the course of the battle.  Their ship had gained considerable momentum and was turned hard to the left.  It began dragging the Crow, which was still wedged into their side.  The smaller ship began to respond by heeling sharply to the starboard.  The battle wound down fairly quickly but by the time they regained full control of their ship they were headed towards the rocks.  Captain John continued the sharp turn to the left, dragging the Crow with them.  The rock wall was within easy throwing distance of the ship and those perched up high could easily see the gigantic rocks just under the surface of the water, within feet of their ship.
Captain John finally completed the turn and eased his crippled craft away from the rocks but the Crow was not so lucky.  It caught on one of the submerged boulders, which rocked it even further over and disengaged it from their ship.  Captain John and his crew were too busy trying to secure their craft to pay much attention to the attacking vessel.  Heather, however, was all too conscious of the fate of the Crow.  She watched it slowly continue its death roll until it was fully capsized.  Somewhere within that sinking ship was her Daniel.  


Chapter 5

Daniel woke to the sound of the windless slowly raising the anchor.  It was just getting light and the rhythmic sounds of the oars soon replaced the sound of the windless.  There wasn't enough light for Daniel to determine their direction.  They seemed to be moving slower than they had down the river.  The pace of rowing was steady but not as forceful as he had remembered.  Tivi would be here soon with some food and hopefully information as to what was going on.  It seemed the boat was turning fairly frequently as if they were following a channel.  Daniel's frustration with his imprisonment increased and he forced himself to work on his escape hatch.
Daniel had finished his saw cuts through all of the horizontal webbing and most of the vertical struts, being careful to leave just a thin veneer of wood on the outside.  The rowing provided plenty of noise to cover the sound of his working.  When he heard footsteps on the deck directly overhead he stopped.  He recognized the light footsteps of Tivi and his companion as they began descending the ladder into his hold.  He asked, "Are we going through the narrows?"
Tivi responded, "We just entered.  It's scary, I don't like it.  We brought some food.  You eat it okay."
Daniel asked, "Why don't you like the narrows?"
"The mountains close you in and then the sound starts.  Captain Dirk says it's just the wind but I'm not so sure.  I think it's a ghost crying out.  None of the crew like it."
Daniel wanted to hear more but Tivi was in a hurry and they completed their daily ritual of passing the pots through the small hatch.  As Tivi and his companion were leaving, Daniel asked, "When will the song start and how long does it last?"
"Pretty soon and by midday we'll be through."
Daniel was left to his own thoughts and returned to work on his escape hatch.  It was slow tedious work but he had nothing else to do.  He would catch only a very rare glimpse of sunlight through the hatch and figured they were moving mostly north by northwest.  At least the water was calm and the sickness of the sea was no longer an issue.  Whenever his fingers got tired of working his saw, Daniel picked at his food.  The quiet time allowed him to reflect on Heather.  Surely she had survived the attack, but must be horribly worried.  He hadn't meant to cause her problems; if only he had listened to her suggestion and had the party in the palace itself.
During this quiet time, Daniel detected a new sound.  It was a soft, almost musical wailing sound.  The sound came from everywhere and nowhere.  The pace of the rowing seemed to pick up a little but the sound continued to increase in intensity.  Small waves were now lapping against the hull and the boat seemed to turn more frequently.  Captain Dirks cussing could be heard over the other sounds.  The curses Daniel could hear clearly but the directions between the curses were muffled by the siren song.  The sound reminded him of the wind sound he and Jeremy had experienced while taking shelter in a small cave in one of the mountain passes back home in the Forest.  Thinking of his home and Heather only added to his melancholy.  Daniel forced himself to concentrate on his sawing.
The siren song had forced itself even into Daniel’s subconscious and he found his sawing was now matching the rhythm.  His melancholy seemed almost overwhelming and he understood why Tivi did not like the passage.  The sound suddenly began to decrease and the rocking of the boat increased, which suggested they were leaving the narrows.
A new stream of epitaphs could be heard coming from Captain Dirk.  This was followed by a few seconds of silence and then Captain Dirk bellowed, "They mean to force us aground.  Row, you bastards! I'll show them and take their ship in the bargain! Break out the weapons!"
Daniel felt the ship surge forward as the power of the rowing increased.  Something was happening, but what? Why was Captain Dirk bringing out weapons? Daniel's mind was racing but had almost no information to process.  He listened intently trying to make sense out of what was going on but only heard small snippets of orders and occasional blast of cursing from Captain Dirk.  Only a few minutes passed and Daniel heard a new sound, the solid thunk of an arrow striking the ship.  Their ship was being attacked but by who; was this a rescue?
A sudden lurching of the ship tossed Daniel against his basket prison.  He struck his head firmly against the side but not enough to render him unconscious.  By the time Daniel's thinking cleared, the boat had heeled over and seemed to be twisting sideways.  The sounds of battle permeated only partially into the hull and Daniel decided it was time to try and make his escape.
He was no longer certain of his position in the wooden basket, which seemed to have rolled onto its side.  Daniel had to search with his fingers to find his escape hatch.  He began sawing furiously with his improvised saw, trying to complete the cuts through the wood.  His world was now rotated almost forty-five degrees from the vertical and getting steeper.  Daniel completed the cuts in the vertical supports and tried to break the webbing free but it would not give.  Something was holding it from the outside.  Working feverishly, Daniel tried to pull the hatch inward but the curve of the basket weave tended to wedge it in place.
The boat had continued to roll onto its side and was now almost at a right angle.  One corner of the hatch had finally given way and Daniel continued to pull and twist trying to free the remainder.  Reaching through the opening Daniel realized he was up against a wall or bulkhead which was now becoming the floor.  The basket must have moved.  Tivi’s voice could now be heard saying, "Mr.  Daniel you must get out.  I think the ship is sinking."
"Tivi, can you help me move the basket?"
"What you want me to do?"
"We need to roll the basket.  Can you help push from the side by the hatch?"
"I'm afraid."
Daniel finally finished tearing his escape hatch free and stuck one leg out against the wall.  He began pushing trying to roll the basket.  He felt some movement and when Tivi began pushing the basket slowly rolled along the wall.  When he had created an open space he said, "Try and hold it while I crawl out."
Pulling his leg back in, Daniel turned around and began crawling out the small opening.  The ship continued to swing sideways and seemed to roll ever more on its side.  A sudden lurch of the ship occurred as the boat finished capsizing and the basket began tumbling.  Daniel finished pulling himself through the opening as the basket fell completely away from the supporting wall.  The dim light from the hatch disappeared as the ship rolled inverted.  Daniel heard Tivi cry out in pain as the basket rolled on top of him.  Daniel was even more disoriented until he felt the rungs of the ladder that he knew led to the hatch.  He called out, "Tivi, where are you?"
"The basket fell on me and I can't move."
"Keep talking.  I'll find you."
"The water’s coming in.  I'm scared!"
Daniel moved towards the sound and stumbled against Tivi, who was pinned under the heavy basket.  Trying with all his might, Daniel was only able to roll the basket partway off of Tivi but it was enough for Tivi to pull his leg out.  Daniel lowered the basket and quickly felt the damaged leg; the twisted bone was obvious.  Daniel said, "You will need to ride on my back.  How do we get out of the hold?"
"If we climb the stairs we come out by the aft mast.  But the water’s there now."
With Tivi on his back, Daniel began crawling towards the ladder.  There were several inches of water in the hold and the coldness had begun seeping into Daniels bones.  As he began pulling himself down the ladder through the hatch Daniel said, "Hold your breath and whatever you do, don't let go."
Daniel plunged into the cold black water pulling himself down through the hatch.  Once free of the hatch the current began to sweep him aft.  He brushed against the mast which lay broken and tangled in the multiple lines that normally secured it.  He began swimming with the current, trying to avoid the tangle that would have entrapped him forever.  It was unnatural to swim down to escape, and quickly his lungs began to burn for air.  Forcing himself to concentrate on staying below the surface, Daniel swam until light was visible above.  The desire to breathe was becoming overwhelming as he pushed towards the light.  Breaking through the surface Daniel gasped for air.  Treading water, he made sure Tivi's head was also above the water.
Turning around in a circle, Daniel surveyed the situation.  The boats had already moved off beyond his swimming ability.  The water was strewn with debris from the overturned ship and Daniel swam towards a hatch cover.  He held onto the edge and told Tivi to crawl up onto the wooden structure, which he did by crawling over Daniel’s head.  Daniel tried to pull himself up, but the hatch would begin tipping despite Tivi sitting on the opposite edge.  The cold was penetrating deeply and Daniel knew he needed to get out of the water.
He asked Tivi, "Can you hang over the edge more?"
"I can't swim.  I'll try but I'm scared."
With Tivi leaning way out, Daniel again tried pulling himself up onto the hatch cover.  It tilted up at least forty-five degrees, but he was able to pull himself up without capsizing the hatch cover.  As he moved towards the center he had Tivi huddle up next to him and he wrapped his very wet cape around their shivering bodies.  Tivi tried to talk but his teeth were chattering so bad that Daniel could not understand what he was saying.  Only after he pointed towards the boats was Daniel aware that the larger boat had sailed further away from them.  The current seemed to be taking them away from land and the wind was freshening.  Daniel knew that if they were not rescued quickly the cold would penetrate too deeply for them to survive.  Just staying on top of the hatch cover would become a major challenge as the wind and waves increased.  He doubted they could survive even an hour.  He said nothing to Tivi, instead holding tightly to his small friend who had saved his life.


Chapter 6

Despite Heather's anxious pleas, Captain John would not risk the ship and crew in an attempt to rescue Daniel.  As he told Heather, "Our ship must survive or all will perish – including your Daniel."
They spent the better half of an hour inspecting the damage and checking for major leaks.  Those of the Forest helped by manning the bilge pumps.  Only when Captain John was confident in his ability to control the ship did he turn back to where the Crow was sinking.  He had a boat lowered and the crew sent out to inspect the ship and search for survivors.  A few people were still clinging to the ship and were pulled aboard the boat.  Daniel was not among the survivors.  One of Captain John's crew climbed aboard the capsized hull and began pounding against the wood planking and listening for a reply.  None came.
It was Jeremy, still perched atop the mast, who spotted what appeared to be some survivors floating on debris out in the channel.  Heather’s spirits, which had sunk as she watched the rescue crew, again lifted with some hope.  Captain John gave new orders to the rescue crew and they began rowing out into the channel.  Jeremy gave directions from his perch.  The sea had become choppy enough that those in the rescue boat had only an occasional glimpse of their quarry.  Captain John gave orders to his crew and they moved the ship into the channel to be closer to the rescue boat.
As the rescue boat approached the floating hatch cover, they could see someone was sitting on it, but received no response to their calls.  The choppy sea made the rescue extra difficult; if the boat struck the hatch cover they would probably spill the survivors into the water.  Only after repeated calls did Daniel look up with eyes which had no recognition.  He was far too cold to help in his own rescue.  The sailor manning the tiller had the oars on the port side pulled in as they approached and the sailors grabbed hold as best they could to the bobbing hatch cover.  Daniel just stared at his rescuers, unable to move, and Tivi had already lost consciousness.  One of the sailors crawled over the gunnel and with another sailor holding his legs, he grabbed Daniel and began dragging him towards the rescue boat.  The waves were doing their best to toss them all into the water.
Daniel had a cold-induced death grip on Tivi and dragged him along as he was himself pulled towards the rescue boat.  The hatch cover tilted down and they began sliding back into the water, but now several hands were available to pull them free and into the safety of the boat.  The cold had chilled Daniel to the point that he was unable to respond to his rescue.  Even his violent shaking had stopped because he was too cold to even shake.  The sailors tried to talk to Daniel, but he just sat there with his eyes open, not seeing.  They covered Daniel and his small partner with a tarp and headed back to their ship in silence.
Strong and ready hands pulled Daniel and Tivi aboard the ship where they were met by a very anxious Heather.  When Daniel failed to respond without even a look of recognition Heather cried out, "Daniel, what's wrong?"
Captain John gave orders saying, "Take him and the small one to the Red cabin and heat as many warming bricks as we have." He turned to Heather and said, "Princess, your Daniel is suffering from the cold of the Sea.  We must warm him, but be warned, he may have seizures as his body warms."
Heather was in better control now and followed Daniel to the cabin.  They stripped his clothes and placed him in the bed.  She climbed in next to him waiting for the warming bricks to arrive.  As the cold held in Daniel was shared, she began to shiver.  He seemed as cold as the fish brought from the sea.  His breathing was so shallow she had to concentrate to perceive it.  Placing her hand over his heart she could detect a heartbeat but it seemed slow and distant.  Not knowing what else to do, Heather hugged him, trying to transfer some of her life force to the cold still body she held.
When the first of the warming bricks arrived and were placed under their covers, Heather thought she felt Daniel move a little and her spirits rose.  She could hear Betty giving orders about the little one rescued with Daniel.  She had him placed in her bed and was using her body heat to try and warm him.  The coldness which entered Heather from Daniel did not seem to decrease and her shivering continued despite the warming bricks.  She ignored the cold seeping into her and held tightly to Daniel.  Time went on but she was aware only of the slowly warming body next to her.  The warming bricks had been changed many times before a change occurred and Daniel began to shiver.  It wasn't much movement, but enough to give Heather hope.
Heather's perception of the cold had finally eased and she said softly, "Daniel of Issip it is your turn to take some of my life's energy and heal yourself." She heard no reply but the shivering in the cold body she held seemed to increase.  Time went on but Heather was only aware of the gradual strengthening of Daniel's breathing and pulse.  The heating bricks were changed every fifteen minutes or so, but Heather had lost count of the changes.  Daniel's body was now shaking almost violently and Heather wondered if he was having seizures.  Gradually the shaking decreased to a tremble, but his teeth were now chattering and Heather worried he would break them.
Surely several hours had passed when Daniel tried to talk.  Heather had to listen intently as he repeated the phrase several times, finally she understood, "I'm so cold."
Her heart leapt for joy and she spoke in his ear, "Daniel of Issip, you live."
Daniel did not respond but gradually his trembling decreased to a shivering and his teeth were no longer chattering.  Then he moved, not a lot, but sort of rolled onto his back trying to see who was next to him.  It took his eyes a long time to focus but finally he said, "It is good to see you, Heather of the Northern Kingdom."
Heather began to cry, at first just tears of joy but then almost uncontrolled tears of love and relief.  She wasn't sure if she was shaking from excitement and crying or just because she was still chilled.  Many minutes went by before Daniel tried to speak again in the slow halting manner of someone truly cold, "I would hear how you found me."
Before Heather could respond Daniel began to struggle and she asked, "Daniel, what's wrong?
"I need to find Tivi."
"Is he the little one who was with you?"
Daniel tried to speak but was having trouble formulating the words so he just nodded in the affirmative.
"He too was rescued.  Now Daniel of Issip it is time for sleep.  Others will keep watch."
Daniel was silent and then said quietly, "I owe the little one my life.  Sleep would be good, especially next to you."
Quiet returned and Daniel seemed to fall into a natural sleep despite his continued shivering.  Heather lay quietly next to him ignoring her own shivering and relishing every breath she felt Daniel take.  People would silently exchange the heating bricks and Heather would simply nod in appreciation.  Her mind seemed to cycle between thoughts of a young woman in love and thoughts of a warrior concerned with the meaning of the abduction.  The sound of the anchor being lowered rumbled throughout the ship and Daniel slept despite the sound.


Chapter 7

Daniel slept through the next day.  Heather did not leave his side until his shivering had finally stopped.  Asking Betty to keep watch, she sought out Captain John to check their status.  He was conferring with his crew after again having inspected the damage.  Heather realized they had dropped anchor in a protected area near the capsized boat that had imprisoned Daniel.
Captain John looked up as Heather approached and asked, "How is your Daniel?"
"The cold of the Sea seems to have left him but he sleeps.  What is the status of your ship?"
"Her injury is not too severe.  We will salvage planking from the Crow and repair the hull damage.  We have enough pitch to seal the new planking so after a couple of days we should be ready to sail.  Until the patch is complete, we will have to man the bilge pumps."
Heather asked, "And the injured?"
Captain John replied, "We have done our best but could use the services of your healer.  I lost two of my sailors in the battle and several others have wounds but none seem too serious.  It would seem allowing him to sleep for now is appropriate."
"I will check on those of the Forest.  It was a dangerous battle and I thank the God of the Sacred Water for Daniel's survival."
"Aye, that Captain Dirk was a dangerous one.  Your sword made all the difference."
Heather accepted the complement by saying, "We each have our own gifts."
Leading those of the Sea to their work, Heather sought out Jeremy.  She found him with another of the Forest manning the bilge pumps.  Despite the coldness they were sweating from their efforts as they repetitively moved the long lever arm up and down.  Heather had to smile a little and Jeremy asked, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom you look as if you wish to play on our totter-teeter.  If you are here, does that mean our Daniel has improved?"
"Jeremy of Issip, our Daniel has improved and sleeps.  I would think perhaps I'm not too well-suited to play on your totter-teeter but it did remind me of my childhood.  I came to check on those of the Forest."
Jeremy replied, "This machine is hard work but it is what we from the Forest can do to help.  My shift is almost complete and I would talk with you."
"And I with you.  I will wait near the bow on the deck."
Heather climbed the ladder back topside and stood near the bow looking out at the snowcapped mountains which appeared to arise directly from the sea.  The air was chilly and she decided to retrieve her cape.  She quietly opened the cabin door and could hear Daniel's gentle snoring.  Betty was sitting in the small chair and asked, "Are we OK?"
Heather said quietly, "Yes.  How is the little one you are caring for?"
"He sleeps like your Daniel but seems okay."
"Daniel said his name was Tivi and he must be very brave.  I leave you again to the watch.  I need to speak to Jeremy."
Heather picked up her cape and quietly closed the door behind as she returned topside.  She waited only a few minutes before Jeremy arrived wearing no coat or cape and with sweat still visible on his shirt.  He too looked out at the mountains jutting from the sea and said, "A harsh land but one with great beauty."
Heather did not reply at first and just shared the moment with someone who had come to be part of her life.  She said quietly, "Not just the land is harsh but the times themselves seem harsh.  How are those of the Forest?"
Jeremy was solemn as he reported, "We lost one of ours when the ship tilted with the ramming.  He slipped from his harness to the deck below.  A few others are injured but can await Daniel's recovery.  It could've been much worse."
"The God of the Sacred Water still looks out after us.  I had all but given up hope for Daniel when you spotted him.  It was a very close call."
They stood silently for a while before Jeremy asked, "Why would someone kidnap Daniel?"
Heather replied in a thoughtful faraway voice, "I would expect it had to do with a statement made by Arthur of the Southern Kingdom.  When you told of the destruction of the Trade Bridge by Daniel's powder, Arthur was so impressed he said Daniel with his powder was the most powerful person in the world." Heather continued, "It would seem the Red Ambassador has other emissaries who thought the same.  Whoever was behind the kidnapping wants the power of Daniel's powder."
It was Jeremy's turn for quiet reflection.  "Keeping our Daniel safe without locking him in a cage is going to be a problem.  How can I help?"
"It has been shown that neither the Southern Kingdom nor the Northern Kingdom are safe.  What are your thoughts about returning to the Forest?"
Jeremy smiled as he recalled the hearth fire which was waiting for Daniel on their return and said, "It seems the Forest has a special affinity for Daniel." He saw Heather's questioning look and told her the story of their return.  He continued, "I would expect no place is completely safe but the Forest has eyes which would help protect him."
Heather's face showed the concern of the young lover, not the face of a powerful warrior as she asked, "And would the Forest accept me?"
Jeremy's face broke into a huge smile and he replied, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom, your place in the Forest has been assured since the story of Daniel's rescue was first told.  You will always have a home in the Forest."
Heather's eyes had tears in them and she replied, "Jeremy of Issip I thank you for your counsel and your friendship.  I will speak with Daniel about this."
"I have cooled off from my work and it is time for some food.  Would you also eat some before returning to your watch?"
Nodding in reply, Heather followed Jeremy below deck to the area used by those of the Forest for eating.  Several of the Forest were there and they looked to Heather for information about Daniel but said nothing directly.  Heather accepted their welcome and told them that Daniel was sleeping but seemed to have survived the coldness of the sea.  The mood became much more festive and despite her worries, Heather enjoyed herself.  After eating her small meal, Heather excused herself to check on Daniel.
Betty was sitting in the only chair keeping watch.  On hearing Heather enter she said, "They both sleep.  Are you okay?"
"Yes, I have had something to eat.  Now it is your turn to eat and my turn to keep watch."
Betty left Heather to the stillness of their cabin.  She sat quietly, trying to envision what it would be like for her to live in the Forest.  Listening to the stories of Daniel and Jeremy had made it seem almost like a paradise but it would be a life far different from the Northern Kingdom.  She would be the stranger, but at least she would be with Daniel.  She wondered if Betty would stay with her and if she would see her father ever again.  Watching Daniel sleep, she knew the price was well worth it.
The day wore on and darkness gradually came upon them.  She lit the small lamp and had meant to stay awake, but was overcome with drowsiness.  She crawled in bed with Daniel, trying not to disturb him.  He did not awaken, but must have sensed her presence because he backed into her, allowing her to hug him.  Sleep came to Heather and her dreams were mostly pleasant.
The hammering on the ship’s hull awoke Heather, and Daniel, sensing her awakening, said, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom your presence at my side fills my heart with joy.  How is my love this morning?"
"Daniel of Issip, hearing your voice makes it the most wonderful of mornings."
Before the conversation could continue they heard the voice of a small one asking, "Who are you and where am I?"
Betty responded, "I am Betty.  You are safe in the ship of the Red Ambassador.
"How did I get here?"
"You were rescued with our Daniel.  You be okay now."
"The healer saved me.  Is he okay?"
Daniel spoke up saying, "Tivi it is you who saved me.  I owe you my life."
Heather interrupted the conversation saying, "It is time to prepare for the day.  We will have much time for stories after you two have something to eat."
Heather and Betty completed their morning ritual and met up with Daniel in the area used by those of the Forest for eating.  Spirits were high and stories had already begun before eating was finished.  Captain John looked in on the group and was invited to stay as the stories began in interest.  Jeremy, as always, led the way, recounting for Daniel the battle between the ships.  Tivi sat silently listening, picking slowly at his food.  When the sword battle between Heather and Captain Dirk was described his eyes got big as he looked at Heather in a new light.
When it was Daniel's turn to speak he arose and began with, "I must first beg your forgiveness because it was my stubbornness that has led to all these troubles.  If I would have respected my wife's concerns and instincts none of this would've happened.  That said, my joy of being rejoined with you is boundless." Daniel then continued with the story of his imprisonment and the significance of this talisman in his escape.  When he described the role Tivi played all eyes turned towards the little one.  Tivi was not at all comfortable with the attention.  When the tale was ended and a toast was raised in his honor, if it were not for Betty, he would have crawled under the table.  Betty made him stand and accept the thanks of those around him.
Captain John arose saying, "I must return to the work of our ship but thank you for allowing me to share in your stories." Nodding to both Betty and Tivi he continued, "My respect for you little ones just keeps growing.  And to think I almost refused to allow you aboard my ship.  I must beg your forgiveness."
For some time people came and went and the stories were repeated often.  When Daniel realized there were injured, he insisted on seeing them.  He was without his medical kit and was forced to use the ship’s supplies.  Most of the rest of the day was spent setting bones and repairing lacerations.  Heather checked on him eventually and his fatigue was showing.  She said, "Daniel of Issip, it is time for a rest."
Daniel did not object and followed Heather topside to the bow of the ship.  The sun had already passed behind the mountain to the west and the sky was awash in color.  The snow on the mountains varied in color from a rose color at the tips to a gray in those areas of deep shadows.  Daniel stood with his arm around Heather and for several moments they said nothing.
Heather broke the silence by saying, "I have spoken to Jeremy about living in the Forest.  I would be your wife there."
Daniel did not respond but Heather had learned that Daniel usually thought before speaking.  She did not like the waiting but it was who her Daniel was.  After several minutes of quiet contemplation Daniel replied, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom I would like to have you as my wife in the Forest.  We would have a good life.  It would seem the hard times are not yet over and we may have to wait a while yet."
Heather objected, "Agents of the Red Ambassador are obviously about our lands and you would be safest in the Forest."
"I expect you speak truly and I pray to the God of the Sacred Water for your safety also.  It would seem our destiny is to seek out the place where my kidnappers were bound.  Without knowledge how can we protect our peoples?"
It was Heather's turn for silent contemplation.  The young bride in her sought safety and stability but her warrior instincts knew Daniel spoke of the greater need.  She countered, "We can return to the Forest and Captain John can sail on his mission of exploration."
A smile appeared on Daniel's face and said, "Having you as my wife in the Forest would be a dream come true.  The voice within me says this dream must wait.  I would see these unknown lands and have you evaluate the danger they represent.  When our peace is secured then we'll have our life together."
The darkness became dominant and the stars took their place in the night sky as Daniel and Heather stood silently together.  Heather began to shiver despite her cape and Daniel insisted it was time to go below.  Heather did not want to leave the moment but knew Daniel was right.  She said, "I wish not to share you, but we need to hold council with those of the Forest and of the ship.  Then we will decide."
As they went below they were greeted with the aroma of freshly cooked meat.  Some of those from the Forest had spent the day hunting and had been successful.  The room was small, but space was made for Daniel and Heather.  The stew was tasty but of a flavor unknown to Daniel.  He asked from what animal the meat had come.  Jeremy spoke up saying, "An amazing animal that those of the ship call a lion of the Sea; Clumsy on land but swims with the grace of an otter.  We had to create floats for our arrows to keep it from sinking after we shot it.  It's much bigger than our deer – almost as big as a bear, and just as hard to kill."
Daniel said, "I would see such a wonderful animal.  We thank the God of the Sacred Water for allowing it to give up its spirit to nourish us.  If we continue on our journey I would expect to see many such wonderful things."
Jeremy asked, "What journey?"
Heather spoke up saying, "Our Daniel wishes to see the lands where he was being taken to as a prisoner.  We need to hold council to see if others would accompany us."
Jeremy continued to act a spokesman for those of the Forest and asked, "Where are these lands and how do we reach them?"
Daniel answered, "Captain Dirk said when they first put me in the basket that it would be three weeks before I set foot on land again.  So from the time we left the river of the Northern Kingdom it was a three-week journey.  I think the little one who saved me has some knowledge of the journey."
It was Betty who now spoke up saying, "Tivi has spoken some of the journey to me but he is shy.  I think he has the courage to be our guide."
Someone asked about the other prisoners and Heather replied, "I trust them not."
Many questions about the types of lands and animals they would see were asked but no answers were available.  The discussion began to diverge and it seemed as if the time for stories was arriving.  Heather brought some order by asking, "Who is willing to join us on this journey?"
Jeremy looked a little puzzled before replying for all of those from the Forest, "It is our journey, why would we not all want to go? If you are going, we are going."
The time for stories had arrived and Heather sat back and let the solidarity of the group envelop her.  The evening wore on as the stories were told and Heather did not realize how sleepy she had become until she felt Daniel lifting her.  When she opened her eyes Daniel said, "My bride awakens, so before Jeremy's stories put her to sleep again I think we had better leave."
The bantering continued until they had moved on to their own cabin.  Daniel tried to carry Heather into the cabin but the doorway was just too small.  He set her down and held the door for her.  The small lamp was lit and Daniel realized that Betty's hammock was gone.  He smiled and closed the door.


Chapter 8

Morning light arrived accompanied by the sounds of woodwork.  Daniel and Heather lay together, savoring the moment.  The worries of the present soon intruded on their peacefulness and Daniel began to think of his injured patients and Heather of the planning she needed to do.  Daniel arose first saying, "I wish to leave you not but I should check on the injured.  I would break fast with you in about an hour."
After her morning ritual, Heather went to meet with Captain John.  He was happy with their progress, saying, "We should be ready to apply the first layer of pitch by midday.  She'll be good as new in another day."
Heather said, "This is good.  We of the Forest would like to proceed on with your voyage of exploration."
Captain John’s eyebrows went up just the slightest as the implication of the "we" sank in.  He did not respond for several minutes as he considered the challenges of sailing on with extra bodies on board and limited supplies.  Heather waited patiently for his response.  At last he spoke, "The repairs should be adequate but it would be better to have a master shipbuilder inspect them before beginning the journey.  We would also need additional supplies.  The journey may be quite dangerous."
Heather replied, "The times themselves are dangerous.  We would accompany you to see these lands where Daniel was to be taken.  Better to know the danger we as a people will face.  Could we not stop at the Southern Kingdom and have their shipbuilders inspect the ship?"
"Aye, we could, but what of your father?"
It was Heather's turn for contemplation as she recalled the visit from her grandmother.  She replied, "I would send a message to my father from the guard camp in the normal passage.  I was sent on this journey, with my father's blessing, to rescue Daniel.  I fear for the times ahead and expect that continuing the journey may help rescue our people from a great danger.  My father will understand."
Captain John responded, "My crew and I are pledged to your service.  We will do as you ask.  We sail at first light on the morrow."
Heather asked, "What help can those of the Forest provide?"
"Manning of the pumps has been a great help, but that task should be ending.  My crew would appreciate more fresh meat if it would be possible."
Heather smiled, saying, "I think my hunters would be happy for an excuse to be ashore, and if game is available we will have fresh meat."
One of the crew needed to ask a question and their meeting was ended.  Heather left and returned to where those of the Forest were having their morning meal.  Daniel had just arrived from checking on the injured.  He handed Heather a plate with some meat and bread and asked, "How was the meeting with Captain John?"
"We will sail at first light with a stop at the guard station in the normal passage and again at the Southern Kingdom for a complete inspection of the ship.  He has asked if more fresh meat could be obtained."
Jeremy spoke up saying, "This is something we can handle.  We may be able to find some deer along the shore as well as the lion of the Sea."
Before he could go on, Heather interrupted saying, "I would that only half go ashore and the other half stay aboard to help with the pumps and continue as lookouts."
A discussion ensued about who would go and who would stay.  All would have preferred hunting, but they quickly divided the task and Jeremy left to prepare.  Elrod continued to organize those who would stay aboard.  As the room emptied of people Daniel asked, "What does the day hold in store for my love?"
Heather's expression changed from a faraway look of planning to the radiant smile of a young bride.  She replied, "I would have some time for planning but mostly I would spend time with Daniel of Issip, my husband.  And what are your plans my husband?"
"The injured are doing well and I would hope to spend the day with my wife.  The weather holds and I would walk on the beach with her."
The short day went quickly as Heather and Daniel explored the small beach.  Daniel was like a little boy picking up every shell he came across and trying to picture the creature who had used it as a home.  Heather was content to hold his hand and breathe deeply of the salt air.  The worries of the past several days melted away, and the worries of the future were distant enough not to intrude on her present.  They sat just below the snow line and watched the sun set between the ocean ahead of them and the mountains extending to the right.  There were enough clouds to make a spectacular but short-lived sunset.  The night settled quickly and they returned to where the dinghy was waiting.  Several of the hunters were also returning and they would indeed have fresh meat tonight.
The evening meal included fresh venison and the atmosphere was festive.  Captain John and his crew shared in the meal and the stories that followed.  People came and went as duties called, but the evening itself was a celebration of Daniel's rescue and of the adventure that was about to begin.
Morning came and all were awakened by the raising of the anchor.  The ship began to move as the deck and mast creaked.  It was a good day with a steady breeze and only moderate seas.  Near nightfall, the lookout identified the headland of the normal passage.  Captain John was confident enough of the ship and his knowledge of the water that he sailed on as night descended.  They sailed past the guard post of the Southern Kingdom and on to the northern narrows with its guard post of the Northern Kingdom.  They were brightly lit to identify themselves and were met by a small craft from the guard post.
Captain John hailed the craft saying, "We sail for the King of the Northern Kingdom and request permission to drop anchor."
The official aboard the boat replied, "Before you decide to drop anchor, I bring you an envoy from the King with a message for the Princess."
Captain John called our orders for trimming the sails to maintain their position and responded to the official by saying, "We welcome the envoy on board and will hold our position."
The small boat approached and a rope ladder was lowered.  A man began climbing the ladder with only a short hesitation.  As he reached the gunnel, helping hands reached out to bring him aboard.  He had no sooner stood up when Heather recognized the young priest.  She said, "We welcome you aboard.  I would hear the message from my father."
The young priest bowed and said, "Princess, I bring you greetings from your father and his Queen." Seeing Daniel, a smile appeared on his face and he said, "To see the healer from the Forest is a good thing.  Your mission has been successful and for that I give thanks to the God of the Sacred Water."
Heather asked, "Do you have other news?"
The young priest looked somewhat embarrassed before replying, "I have a message for you from your father, but only for your ears."
Heather nodded and led the way to the cabin of the Red Ambassador.  She opened the door and the small lamp was burning.  She turned up the lamp as the young priest closed the door.  Looking around he said, "The ship is yet as it was when we brought your father home.  Seeing you and your Daniel both well is an answer to my prayers."
"And the message?"
The young priest looked up and began to speak in a voice which almost sounded like her father saying, "Tell my daughter that the times are more dangerous than I had thought.  There are those in the palace whose loyalties are not with the kingdom.  It would be best if you did not return to the palace until your and Daniel’s safety can be assured.  I will miss you mightily but your safety is more important.  I have sent one whom we both trust to deliver this message."
Heather asked, "My father, is he all right?"
"His strength continues to improve but his spirits suffered when he discovered some in the palace had betrayed Daniel and the kingdom."
"Were they of the church?"
A look of deep sadness came upon the young priest as he replied, "Some were.  It appears the agents of the Red Ambassador have infiltrated both kingdoms.  It is a dangerous time."
Heather changed the subject saying, "We will be departing on a voyage of discovery.  Do you wish to join us?"
"I like not the sickness of the sea but yes, I would join you."
"I need to send a message back to my father.  Would those who brought you be willing to carry the message?"
"I was brought on one of the military ships which awaits word from you.  I would trust the captain because I sense no disloyalty in him."
Heather handed him the letter she had already written and said, "Deliver this letter to the captain and obligate him to deliver it to my father.  Return to us and join our journey."
Heather walked with the young priest back to where he had boarded their ship.  Daniel came up to her side and they watched the young priest descend the ladder.  The small boat had no sooner cast off and Heather said, "We need to meet with Captain John."
They met with Captain John in his small cabin.  Heather summarized the message from her father and requested permission to bring the young priest along.  Captain John was thoughtful before responding, "I have not much use for those of the church but your young priest is special and I would welcome him aboard.  I agree with your assessment but would recommend we take our prisoners to the Southern Kingdom rather than leaving them here at the guard station.  I know firsthand how secure the dungeons are in the palace of the Southern Kingdom."
Heather said, "I would meet with King Jason and Arthur, but in secrecy.  How much time will we have in port?"
"If the shipbuilder is available, three days should be plenty for any final repairs and obtaining additional supplies."
"Those of the Forest will want to go ashore, but perhaps it would be best if they stayed aboard and contact was limited.  I would expect agents of the Red Ambassador will be around.  I will plan on a way of contacting King Jason."
Daniel spoke up saying, "It will be hard on those of the Forest to keep them closed up.  Maybe we could drop them off before we arrive in port so they could do some hunting."
Heather was torn between the security of having her hunters aboard and their need of freedom.  She replied, "Could we stop at the place you called Smuggler’s Cove and allow some of the hunters to go in search of game?"
Captain John responded, "It is somewhat out of our way, but doable.  How will you make contact with King Jason?"
"I will ask Betty to be my envoy.  She will attract little attention and be trusted by the King and Arthur."
The discussion turned towards the amount of supplies needed and how to procure them without causing significant suspicion.  They had little money or trading goods with them because of their unexpected departure.  Daniel finally interrupted saying, "The God of the Sacred Water will provide."
The lookout called the approach of a boat and they returned to the deck to watch the young priest come aboard.  He came only with a small knapsack.  Daniel said, "You travel like one of the Forest."
The young priest responded, "I have learned some of the ways of the Forest.  I had little time for preparation and mostly brought what I had used before.  I put my trust in the God of the Sacred Water."
Captain John began calling out orders and the ship gradually began moving forward as the sails filled, turning back to the south.  The weather mostly held with only brief squalls of rain mixed with snow and moderate winds.  They arrived at the secluded Smuggler’s Cove and half of the hunters departed the ship to ply their trade and obtain more meat.  Captain John admonished them to be ready for pickup in four days, just after midday sun.  Heather assured him they would be ready.  The crew and the rest of those of the Forest proceeded on to the shipyard in the Southern Kingdom.  Captain John was not comfortable sailing up the river in the darkness, so he turned out to sea and the safety of the deep water.
With the coming of morning light, they turned again toward shore and soon found the river mouth.  The tide was ebbing strongly and Captain John did not cross the bar until the ebb had almost stopped.  The crossing was smooth and as the flood tide began their progress up the river improved dramatically.  Heather stood with Captain John but could not discern the code of the river as he steered around sand bars.  He explained, "The surface of the water reveals what is upstream from what you see.  Rocks make the water tumble just downstream but sandbars are subtler and make the water currents curve like a ribbon.  I just follow the ribbon upstream.  Coming downstream is harder because the ribbon is less distinct."
Heather imagined one of her mother's ribbons gently curving away from her and could actually see the current flow.  It wasn't anything definite, just a feeling of the water’s character.  She stood for over an hour watching the water ahead and imagining her ribbon.  Her thoughts were interrupted when Captain John asked, "Which way ahead?"
"The ribbon flows to the right past the point ahead and then turns fairly sharply to the left."
Captain John replied, "We will make you one of the Sea yet."
Heather replied, "I am learning not to fear the sea but I think I will always be more comfortable ashore.  I have learned to appreciate the skills of those of the Sea."
"We all have much to learn of the sea.  She does not tolerate arrogance.  A wonderful mistress she is, but the most demanding one.  We will reach the shipyard in about an hour."
Heather said, "I will take my leave to finish my planning.  Thank you for the lesson."
Heather saw just the slightest nod from Captain John as he acknowledged her departure.  She went and found Jeremy, who was regaling Daniel and some others of the Forest with a story.  She sat quietly next to Daniel, listening as the story was finished.  When the laughter and comments had settled down she said, "Jeremy of Issip, I would send Betty as an envoy to King Jason.  Do you think you could deliver her without detection by those in the palace?"
Jeremy thought for but a minute before replying, "Two ways seem possible.  Using Daniel's old man camouflage would work but I'm not sure I can look as old and decrepit as Daniel.  It would seem simpler to just scale the high wall and enter his chamber window directly."
"Have you your climbing rope?"
"No, but the rope those of the Sea use is good.  If they will let me use a long coil it will be sufficient.  Betty is good on the rope and we will have no trouble."
Heather looked at Daniel for confirmation and he simply nodded his head in agreement.  She asked, "And how will you recognize his chamber window?"
Jeremy replied, "His chamber is just to the east of the high north wall.  I will scale this wall and then listen."
Heather then understood as she remembered the loud snoring of King Jason.  It seemed a good plan.  She said, "I leave to work with Betty on the message.  When would you depart for the palace?"
"If we left a bit early we could stop at a tavern for some refreshments."
Heather had to smile at the suggestion and replied, "This would be part of staying unrecognized?"
"No, just a thought.  If we skipped the tavern, we would need about three hours to position ourselves for the climb.  Jason is not early to bed, so perhaps about nightfall we would leave."
"I would you would take another with you to keep watch."
Jeremy looked at Daniel but Heather shook her head saying, "Maybe another of the Forest would be better."
Jeremy smiled his big smile telling Daniel, "I tried to spring you for awhile; you could do with a trip to the tavern following your basket adventure." Turning towards Heather he said, "It is a good plan.  I will have another of the Forest with us."
Heather left to work with Betty on the message.  It was a simple request for a secret meeting to discuss the developments and request help.  Betty practiced reciting the message several times before she was happy with her ability to relay Heather's request.  They had a couple hours before heading out and Heather suggested she try and get some sleep.
Heather left Betty in the cabin and sought out Captain John.  Some of the workmen who had originally built the ship had already arrived and were working to rebuild the damaged areas to original strength.  Captain John noticed Heather standing by and moved to her side saying, "These men do good work.  What do you need?"
Heather replied, "I would create a list of supplies we will need for our journey."
"Already done." Captain John handed her a sheet with columns carefully drawn.  Most of the requested items were quite logical but the final item was listed as "trading items" and she was unsure what they were.
Captain John explained, "We know not what sort of people we may encounter.  Having gifts to share may be important."
"What sort of gifts?"
"If you tell me what sort of people we will be meeting, I will tell you what sort of gifts we should bring."
Heather now understood and replied, "If we discover people more primitive than ourselves, we will need simple gifts.  If those we meet our more advanced, different gifts would be appropriate.  A decision best left for King Jason, for he is the philosophical one."
After a minute of silence Heather asked, "And if we meet people like the Red Ambassador?"
Captain John looked down at the deck and without raising his head replied, "I would expect major problems."
Jeremy and his two companions left after the evening meal had been taken.  Heather watched them depart, feeling some anxiety for their safety.  Daniel was at her side and she asked, "Would you have gone with Jeremy?"
"It would have been a good adventure, but I am not the best on watch.  No, your plan is better and I needed not more adventure right now."
Heather snuggled under his arm as they watched the last of the color disappear from the evening sky.  The days were getting longer but the change was not yet much noticeable.  They returned to the area used for eating and listened to the stories of the evening.  Without Jeremy the level of laughter was somewhat more subdued, but the stories of the old times were well worth listening to.  Heather found her thoughts wandering to Betty and questioning her decision on secrecy.  She was brought back to the present when Daniel whispered into her ear.  She found herself smiling and blushing at the same time.  They excused themselves and returned to their cabin.
The morning sky had just the earliest tinge of pink when Heather heard the commotion of Jeremy's return.  They arose and she attended to the morning ritual while Daniel left to meet Jeremy.  The nighttime fast was being broken when Heather joined them.  The meal was not yet completed when Jeremy began regaling them with their adventure.  It seemed Jason was not easy to awaken and when he did awaken to Betty's persistent shaking, his first words were about his fear of heights.  Seems he was afraid he was going to have to be lowered with the rope again.
Betty chimed in, after first making herself seem big by blowing up her cheeks and holding her arms part way out and speaking in a low voice, "I don't like heights.  Betty, what are you doing here? Where are we going? I'm not sure I can do the rope." Only after Jason was fully awake to did she deliver her message.
Jeremy took over again, describing his wall climbing.  While the story went on, Betty moved next to Heather and handed her the letter Jason had written.  Not until the story was finished did Heather take her leave to read the letter in private.  It was beautifully written despite the late hour and began: 
"To Heather of the Northern Kingdom, 
I find this name given you by those of the Forest to have so much more meaning than any other name you would be entitled to.  I as an individual and my country as a whole owe you and those of the Forest a debt which is beyond payable.  Of course we will provide the supplies you seek.  I would hear more of this adventure and would prefer a grand reception but understand your desire for secrecy.  It would seem we should meet here as I have with your Betty, for I find myself almost as much a prisoner now as when you rescued me; as King I can go nowhere without attracting attention.  I will have Arthur join us.
In friendship,
Jason"
Heather sat and planned until Daniel returned.  She handed him the letter and waited while he read.  When he looked up she said, "Would you come with me to the meeting?"
"Yes, I will accompany you, but perhaps a couple others of the Forest should also come to help man the ropes."
Heather nodded and replied, "I agree, enough to make the work lighter but few enough not to attract attention.  It will be good to see Jason again."
"Not nearly as good as seeing you, when I awoke from being nearly frozen."
Heather threw her arms around Daniel's neck and laughingly replied, "How can I plan when you distract me so?"
The day went quickly and as soon as the evening meal was complete, their small troop set off.  Those of the Forest moved ahead as scouts in their leapfrog fashion.  Heather had not considered how they would enter the city proper and when she asked Jeremy he replied, "The south gate remains open to allow those of the northern army access to the taverns.  I just walked through the gate backwards while they were coming out.  Some of the soldiers had enough trouble walking that I wasn't noticed.  I found a section of the wall which was easy to scale, and lowered my rope for Betty."
Heather was quiet for a moment as she considered a longer journey to the more porous eastern wall.  Several more miles of travel would be required.  Jeremy's direct approach seemed to make sense and she said, "Yours is a simple plan which should work.  If the gate is not accessible, we may have to continue around to the eastern wall."
Heather could not yet keep up with the loping gait of those of the Forest, but her speed was much improved from the time of their first adventure.  Daniel was between her ability and that of Jeremy and tended to try and keep her in conversation.  Heather needed her breath for walking and her responses were short and almost curt at times.  Daniel asked, "Is something wrong?"
"Nothing’s wrong, I'm saving my breath for traveling."
Jeremy had dropped back and overheard the terse conversation and asked, "Are we moving too fast?"
"Our gait is about right if I save my breath for walking instead of talking.  My husband seems to have enough breath for both."
"Your Daniel has always been one for talking.  Made hunting with him almost impossible.  We will take a rest after the next bend in the river trail."
They arrived at the southern gate after about three hours of travel.  The city lights and sounds had mostly retired for the night.  The southern gate was yet open with the last of the northern soldiers straggling through in various stages of intoxication.  Jeremy said, "I will try entering through the gate again.  About 300 yards to the right is a rough section of the wall which should be easy to scale using the rope."
Heather watched and listened but no alarm was raised as Jeremy moved through the gate.  The remaining five of them moved to the section of wall Jeremy had indicated and after several minutes the rope appeared.  Another of the hunters scrambled up the rope and the second rope was lowered.  The remainder of her party quickly ascended the wall.  They were adjacent to a cluster of taverns with which Jeremy seemed quite familiar.  They moved silently in the darkness to the high palace wall.  There they waited while Jeremy scaled the wall.
Jeremy was soon lost in the darkness of the night and Heather could but wonder how we could climb the wall with such ease.  Soon the rope appeared from above and another of those of the Forest quickly ascended.  A second rope with a loop appeared, which Heather placed over her head and arms.  With traction from above, she was able to move easily up the wall.  She heard Jeremy's soft voice say, "Move to the left about ten steps and that is the window to enter."
Heather moved herself to the left, using her toes to maneuver along the stones.  Light was visible coming from the window, and she pulled herself through.  Jason and Arthur were in conversation and despite expecting her, they were surprised when she appeared.  She undid the rope, gave it a single tug to signal Jeremy, and the rope disappeared.  Jason said, "You move as quietly as those hunters of yours."
Heather smiled at the complement and replied, "King Jason, it is good to see you again.  I apologize for the secrecy but the treachery of our times has also reached the Northern Kingdom." Turning towards Arthur she said, "I am glad you were able to join with us."
Arthur replied, "Princess, meeting with you seems to always be an adventure.  I am disappointed our security is so easily breached."
Heather was about to respond when Daniel appeared in the window.  He undid the rope and secured it to the drapery rod.  Jason asked, "Who else is going to appear out of the night?"
Heather said, "A few of those of the Forest are standing watch but will not be joining us.  I wish to bring you news of the treachery and our proposed adventure."
Arthur replied, "We had heard of Daniel's kidnapping but no word on his rescue."
Heather let Daniel tell of his ordeal.  The story was brief but Daniel did emphasize that his captors had planned to sail for three weeks before he would be taken ashore.  Jason wanted to know more details of the voyage; Daniel had no further information to share.  Heather then recounted the message from her father and the involvement of those of the church in the treachery.  When the stories were finished it was quiet for a time, as Jason and Arthur contemplated the ramifications of the news.
Arthur spoke first saying, "It would seem the people of the Red Ambassador have been in communication and understand the power you represent with your powder.  I would know how this line of communication works."
Heather replied, "I would expect Captain Dirk has been the go-between.  Travel over the mountains and the icefield would not be feasible in the winter.  There must be a sea connection between our lands and those of the Red Ambassador."
Jason asked, "Your voyage of discovery is to learn of this sea connection?"
"Yes, if our lands are reachable by sea it means we are vulnerable to an invasion from the sea.  We need to know."
Jason turned to Daniel and asked, "Will you also make this voyage?"
Daniel nodded in the affirmative and said, "I would see this land which may exist so far from my homeland."
"What do you hope to see?"
"I would see the land and the rocks upon which it is built.  I would also see what sort of creatures would inhabit a land so far removed from my own.  I would also learn of the medicines used by any peoples living so far removed."
Jason responded, "I too would see these things but alas my position as King keeps me prisoner here.  I would hope the danger is not too great."
Arthur spoke up saying, "The greatest danger may be losing the knowledge of your powder to an enemy."
It was Heather's turn for thought as she recalled the visit from her grandmother.  She replied after a moment, "You speak with good insight.  I know the risk is real but I can not keep my husband in a cage; he is of the Forest and would wither and die.  There is great danger for all and not knowing puts all of our peoples at risk.  I need to evaluate this danger and my husband has chosen to be at my side."
Daniel spoke up saying, "Those of the Forest Council know of my methods for making the powder.  The ingredients are rare and I do not know from whence they came.  The danger of losing my secret would seem to be minimal."
Arthur responded, "I accept your decision but I think you underestimate your value.  I would ask you take no unnecessary risk and return safely to our civilization."
Jason said, "As a young man studying the charts of our world I always wondered what lay beyond the great desert.  All of our charts end at about a day sailing south but I remember hearing tales of islands where the birds did not fly.  I know not if they exist; a wondrous thing to see if they do.  I will have a copy of our best chart provided along with the supplies."
The discussion turned to the supplies needed, especially the trading goods.  Jason understood the need to be prepared for meeting different types of peoples.  He was explaining in great detail why he had chosen different items for trade.  Heather finally interrupted saying, "It would be good to have you with us on our journey because you are capable of thinking of possibilities.  We will trust your decisions.  Our ship should be ready to sail at sunrise after the morrow.  Will the supplies be ready?"
Arthur spoke up saying, "Preparations are almost complete and the supplies will be delivered by sunset after the coming sunrise.  The wagon will be old and the driver will be one of my men so as not to attract attention."
Heather stood and said, "The night is getting long and we best return to the ship.  I thank you for your friendship and your help."
Jason stood and said, "To have friends such as you is truly a blessing of the God of the Sacred Water.  I wish you gentle seas and following winds; may you return safely to us."
They departed as they had come.  


Chapter 9

Those of the Forest were in high spirits as they returned to the ship.  Jeremy kept suggesting they should check to see if any of the taverns were still open.  Heather was lost in thought about Arthur's warning and just ignored the banter.  She balanced the warning of her grandmother against that of Arthur, and finally decided to heed her grandmother.  The ship was dark and silent when they arrived with only the sentry to greet them.
The remaining night was short and they were awakened by the sounds of woodworking as the final repairs were completed.  It was late afternoon when a wagon was seen approaching.  It was an old farm wagon driven by the soldier who had guided them through the city.  He was dressed in the simple clothes of the farming people.  When the unloading was complete, he handed Heather a newly copied chart and two books.  He relayed Arthur's message, saying, "The chart is our best effort of compiling several old charts, I cannot verify its accuracy."
Heather thanked him and asked of the books.  He replied, "The books are from our King and are for the healer from the Forest.  I know not their content."
"I will pass the books on to Daniel.  We thank you for the gifts you have brought and ask that you take the evening meal with us."
The soldier replied, "For your offer I thank you but I must return to the palace.  I wish you well on your journey and may the God of the Sacred Water guide your way."
Heather returned the blessing saying, "And may the God of the Sacred Water watch over you and your people."
Captain John spoke up, saying, "I would have you deliver our prisoners to your dungeon master.  They are what remain of the crew that kidnapped the healer from the Forest."
"This I will be happy to do.  I'm sure our dungeon master will watch over them.  Secure them in the back of the wagon and I will depart."
The wagon had no sooner left than Captain John began examining the chart.  Only a small section of the lands to the north were included but they were obviously accurate.  To the south of the river mouth was drawn a gently curving coastline with only occasional small bays.  A small mountainous area was visible about two day's journey south with a small bay which was marked with the anchor symbol.  Otherwise the land seemed pretty featureless without other anchorages or visible landmarks.  No significant islands were indicated, but some areas of rocky shoals were marked.  Captain John said, "It would seem we can sail within sight of land but will have the shoals to be concerned with."
Heather asked, "When do we sail?"
"If we leave at first light we will not be able to pick up the other hunters and still make the first anchorage.  I would suggest we depart at moonrise and sail by the moonlight we have been given."
"How long until moonrise?"
Captain John looked at the setting sun and replied, "The moon will rise in about three hours and will be almost full tonight.  We will have to sail against the tide but the current and the winds are favorable, and by the time we reach the bar it will be slack tide."
Heather was in her planning mode and thought for a moment before replying, "My hunters may have not yet returned to your Smuggler’s Cove but by late morning will be there with fresh meat."
"A short wait would be acceptable, but we need the security of daylight to enter a new anchorage.  Shall we sail?"
"We sail on the Captain's orders."
Everyone on board was busy stowing supplies and preparing the ship for departure.  As the moon rose over the hills to the east, Captain John called out orders to cast off the lines and raise the sails.  The sails filled with the wind from the north and they began moving, ever so slowly at first.  As the sails filled completely, the waves began lapping against the bow of the ship and the gentle rocking commenced; they were underway.
The excitement gradually settled down and those not involved in sailing of the ship gradually drifted off to sleep.  Daniel retired to the cabin to explore the books he had been given.  Heather spent time with Captain John just watching the subtle changes in the ribbon of current which were visible in the moonlight.  She asked, "Does this ribbon also flow in the sea itself?"
"It does.  Most of the time is more like a broad cloth than a narrow ribbon but flow it does.  It would be good for you to learn this."
"I will try, but I think it is a difficult thing to learn.  How did you learn this?"
It was Captain John's time for quiet reflection before he replied, "My grandfather was of the Sea and taught me.  My mother and father were not of the Sea and at first refused to let me sail with my grandfather.  I think the sea was in my blood though, and eventually they gave up and let me sail with him.  I have always been most happy when at sea."
Despite her interest, Heather's need for sleep was making her yawn.  Captain John told her, "Go rest.  We have a long journey and plenty of time for learning."
Heather nodded in agreement and returned to the cabin where she found Daniel intently studying his new books.  He started to explain how interesting but difficult to read the books were, but Heather's yawning interrupted him.  She apologized saying, "After some sleep you can tell me more.  I expect you will have plenty of time for reading and explaining."
The seas were fairly gentle but with the wind out of the north much tacking was required to make headway.  It was midmorning before Heather and Daniel joined the rest for some food.  They were nearing Smuggler’s Cove and soon everyone was on deck watching Captain John's crew gradually reduce sail and glide into the cove.  Several of the hunters were working ashore preparing the meat.  The skiffs were lowered and the ferrying of meat and hunters was begun.  The hunting had been difficult and only a few animals taken.  It was just past midday before they again set sail and headed south.  Captain John asked Heather, "Would you take my place while I rest? The crew is capable but it is always best to have someone in command."
"I will try.  Will they listen to one who is not of the Sea?
Captain John laughed before replying, "Princess I would expect that even our King listens to your orders.  The crew will do as you say."
Heather was embarrassed and said nothing other than, "OK."
Sailing with the wind required much less effort from the crew and their speed was good.  In three hours of sailing they again reached the mouth of the Southern River.  With less than an hour of light, Heather was not sure of the proper action.  Captain John arrived back on the deck and said, "I felt the change in seas and figured we were near the Southern River.  There is an anchorage a little ways further south where we could spend the night."
Heather replied, "Your ship, Captain.  I will check on Daniel and those of the Forest."
Heather found Daniel in the cabin reading by the light coming through the small portal.  He was so intent on his book that he did not even hear Heather enter.  She asked, "Daniel of Issip, what are you studying?"
He looked up with a surprised look and apologized saying, "I heard you not; I'm sorry.  This book is a diary of an exploration from the early days.  The language and writing are difficult but it is a fascinating story."
"Where are they exploring?"
"A group left the Southern Kingdom in small sailing boats, they sound more like the canoes we use in the Forest but with sails.  They made their way south along the coast.  Their small boats held few supplies and they lived off the land and sea.  Fresh water was the biggest problem."
"Where did they travel to?"
"I'm not really sure.  There are no maps, just descriptions of the coastline.  Mostly it is a story of the people struggling to survive."
"Enough reading for now.  Come watch the sunset with me."
"My eyes are tired, I will watch with you."
They stood together at the rail watching the sun settle behind some low clouds to the west.  To the east the land appeared barren, except for an occasional small brush and some grass clumps.  Captain John had entered a small bay and was looking for the best anchorage.  They lowered one of the skiffs which went ahead sounding the bottom with a weighted line.  To the south the water was deep and rocky.  On the north side the bottom was soft enough for their anchor to bite and somewhat shallower.  Captain John positioned the ship and the anchor was lowered.  All sails were lowered and the ship secured for night.  Those of the Forest had already started cooking some of the fresh meat.  They would eat well tonight.
Everyone was in a festive mood and the crew of the ship joined with those of the Forest in the meal.  Captain John excused himself just as the stories were begun.  He returned carrying a small cask.  He set it on the table saying, "King Jason added this to our supplies." He then read the note accompanying the cask, "This is a small gift to Jeremy and the rest of those on this journey of discovery.  Use it to celebrate your journey.  I wish I could be there to share your stories.  Forever yours, Jason."
A cheer went up from everyone as Jeremy knocked the tap into place and began pouring small mugs of the hearty ale for everyone.  He made sure each mug was filled properly by taking a sip before passing the mug on.  Good-natured groans accompanied each leveling sip Jeremy took.  It was fitting that the last mug was only half full, as it was Jeremy's.  He complained, saying, "I have done all the work of pouring and I end up with only half a glass."
After the ribbing had settled down some, Captain John arose saying, "I toast those of you with whom I share this journey and to those left behind who have made it possible."
Each toast was accompanied by a small sip of the ale.  Unfortunately the ale ran out before the toasting did, but each toast was still accompanied by the tipping of the mug.  The stories followed.  Those of the Forest made an effort to include the crew of the ship but it was only partially successful.  Different customs and differing pasts kept them somewhat separated, but both Heather and Captain John watched the mingling with interest.  They needed to trust each other if more difficult times arose.
The anchor rose with the sun and they were on their way.  The wind had shifted from the north to a more southwesterly direction.  When Heather joined Captain John at the bridge he said, "Can you smell the change in the weather?"
Heather breathed deep and studied the aroma of the Sea before replying, "The air smells more earthy.  Is this what you meant?"
"Means weather is headed our way.  No change in the sky but we will have to watch.  Hopefully we can make the next anchorage before the weather sets in."
Captain John would occasionally call out an order to change one sail or another.  The steersman held a steady course to the south staying about a mile offshore.  Captain John pointed out an area ahead where the seas were somewhat more jumbled.  He called out a course change to avoid the area and asked Heather, "Can you see where the ribbon is being distorted?"
"It is like the cloth my mother worked on when her scissors were underneath, the smoothness is lost."
"A good analogy, Princess.  The sea is reacting to a submerged island of some sort.  It is probably deep enough that we can sail over the top but we will not chance it.  It would be a good place to fish but we need not fish now."
Captain John pulled out the chart and made a notation.  Heather could see they had a fair way to go to the next anchorage.  She glanced up at the sky and could see some clouds on the horizon.  She said, "The clouds are forming, your weather is coming."
"Aye, it will be a bit of a race.  If we lose we will head out to sea and dance out the storm."
The day wore on as the high clouds dimmed the sun and the dark clouds obscured more of the sky to the southwest.  It was midafternoon when the small mountain range depicted on the chart came into view.  The winds had begun to pick up and a steady chop had built on the sea.  If the chart was to be believed they needed to sail to the south end of the mountains and an inlet would lead to the anchorage.  To Heather it looked as if an island had floated up against the land leaving the opening to the south.  Their speed had dropped as the wind shifted more to the south.  Heather asked, "Are you ready to cede the race?"
Captain John turned his face into the wind and smelled the air.  He studied the clouds which were appearing very ominous and said, "Not yet.  The chart has been accurate so far; we should be able to duck inside the inlet before the storm overtakes us."
Heather excused herself saying, "I will check on those of the Forest and make sure they're prepared for the dance."
Heather found that Elrod had already been working hard on preparations.  They were as ready as someone not of the Sea could be.  She checked on Daniel, who was glued to his book and did look up as she entered.  She said, "The storm approaches.  Captain John says we may yet make shelter but if not we will ride out the storm at sea.  Are you ready?"
"I have not yet finished the book but what else do I need to prepare?"
"Some of Elrod's ginger tea may help prevent the sickness of the sea.  I think reading will make it far worse."
Daniel realized that his stomach was already a bit queasy and said, "Now who is the healer.  I would go above with you and watch the storm approach."
The sky already seemed darker to Heather but Daniel concentrated on the small mountains.  He said, "It is as they wrote.  Ahead is Anvil Mountain and the inlet is on the far side."
Captain John asked, "How do you know this?"
I have been reading the book Jason gave me.  They described these mountains and named the flat top one Anvil Mountain.  The voyagers found safe waters on the other side in a long inlet with several small bays.  There was a small stream for fresh water in one of the bays.  They hunted a wild goat which lived on the cliffs.  It was their first fresh meat."
"Who were they?"
Daniel replied, "They were early explorers of the Southern Kingdom.  The book is a diary of their exploration; it is a difficult but fascinating read."
Captain John asked, "Do they have charts or drawings?"
"No, only some descriptions of the coastline.  They were in very small boats and the diary deals mostly with their struggles to survive."
"How far did they travel?"
"I know not.  The numbering is difficult to follow but it would seem their outbound journey lasted about six weeks.  Most of the journey was spent ashore exploring and looking for game and water.  The land was harsh and thirst was their overriding concern."
Captain John said, "I would know more of this journey."
The conversation was broken as Captain John called out new orders for the sails.  The wind continued to freshen and the seas were becoming angry.  The rain had not yet begun but visibility was already dropping.  They were sailing almost into the wind and the ship had begun its dance with the sea.  To Heather it seemed they had lost the race but Captain John pushed on towards the safety of the inlet.  When Captain John called out a new heading, the ship heeled sharply to port and their speed picked up appreciably.  Sailors were busy making the changes in the sails called out by Captain John.
There was no mistaking the look of happiness only partially hidden by Captain John's concentration.  He was enjoying the race.  Not until they rounded the point did Captain John reduce their sails and allow their ship to slow.  They sailed up the inlet and the wind gradually let up as the mountain's shelter became more complete.  Daniel was trying to figure out which small bay held the fresh water stream.  The writing in his book had described the bay only with general terms but he remembered it being the third bay on the mainland side.  He said, "I think the bay ahead is the one with the fresh water."
Captain John replied, "We will stop and look.  It was a good race don't you think?"
Heather replied, "I would have ceded the race to the storm.  I am glad you pushed on, for the sake of those of us not of the Sea."
For the next two days the storm howled overhead but their anchorage was secure and high cliffs surrounded them.  The hunters scanned the cliffs for the goats described in Daniel's book but visibility was quite poor with the heavy rain.  Other than boredom, they suffered not.  On the third morning they were greeted to clearing skies but the wind howled and buffeted them much worse than the storm had.  The wind was very confused and buffeted the ship from all sides.  Heather had grown impatient and sought out Captain John.  She said, "The storm grows more fierce despite the clearing sky."
Captain John responded, "So it seems, but perhaps it is the willowaws the old-timers spoke of."
"What are these willowaws you speak of?"
"They are squall winds caused by cliffs and mountains.  We will need to sail into open water and see if the wind goes away."
"You would sail in stormy winds such as these?"
"Only into the inlet proper.  If it as is the old sailors say, the winds will disappear in the more open water.  If not, we will need to wait out the weather."
Heather tried to balance her impatience with the risk to those aboard.  Her need to move on was great, but she wasn't sure why she felt such a great need.  A sudden shift in the gusty winds spun their ship around on the anchor.  The wind was whistling through the rigging creating an eerie sound almost if demons were screaming at her.  She said, "I like not these winds and if it is safe to leave this place I would leave."
Captain John thought but for a short moment before saying, "If we reef the mainsail and those of the Forest man the windless for raising the anchor, we should be okay."
"I will prepare those of the Forest to depart."
While those of the Sea prepared the ship for departure, several of those of the Forest prepared to raise the anchor.  Jeremy thought manning the windless was as painfully tiring as turning the milling wheels to grind Daniel’s powder.  The job needed doing, however, and when the call came to raise the anchor, he and three others put their backs to the task.  The wind continued to buffet the ship, causing it to heel over first one way than the other and the sail would snap in the wind.  As the heavy anchor rose from the bottom, the ship started moving slowly forward.  Captain John continually called out orders making small changes in the sail and the tiller to compensate for the crazy winds.  As they slowly moved out of the small bay into the inlet the winds all but disappeared.  Only a gentle breeze from the north was evident.
Daniel had been top side watching the activity with a keen interest.  He asked, "How can the winds exist only in the confined bay?"
Captain John explained, "It is the wind up high blowing across the mountain tops that sucks the air up from the closed in spaces.  It was good to experience the willowaws." He asked, "Does your book talk about the willowaws?"
Daniel thought before replying, "They had mostly good weather during this part of the journey and did not complain of the turbulent winds."
Heather said, "I am glad to be done with them.  It is time we continued our journey of exploration."
They sailed south out of the protected inlet and into the open sea.  By noon the land had again flattened out and the shoreline became almost featureless.  As they were taking the noon meal Captain John asked Daniel, "Does your book describe other protected anchorages?"
Daniel thought for a moment before replying, "No, they mostly pulled ashore on the open beach.  They turned back after several weeks without ever finding habitable lands.  They describe some areas of hills but fresh water was almost nonexistent."
"Do they talk of reefs or islands?"
"The reading is hard but I remember no description of such things.  Their fear of dying of thirst and heat is what they write most of."
Captain John was quiet as he finished his meal.  He asked Heather, "Would you be willing to stand watch during the day?"
Heather responded quickly, "Yes, but why?"
"I would sail at night also.  It sounds as if anchorage will be difficult and we will make much better time."
Heather asked, "How will you know your way in the darkness?"
"There is some risk but if Daniel's book is correct we will not find anchorage anyway.  It sounds as if our way is clear and very long.  Our supplies are limited and we need to make the most of them."
"When would you have me start?"
Captain John responded, "Now.  I will rest and assume the watch at nightfall."
And so the days went for the next two weeks.  Heather spent her days on watch with Daniel at her side much of the time.  The landscape to their left was almost unchanging with dry desert meeting the ocean.  The weather held with only occasional rains squalls.  The crew was adept at using sails to harvest the rainwater, but still their supply seemed to decrease much too quickly.  At the change of watch Captain John remarked, "It is winter and still water is the issue.  In the heat of summer this would be a most difficult journey.  I understand now the concern of those who wrote your Daniel's book.  We have but one week more to explore if we find no fresh water."
During the evening meal Heather and Daniel were discussing the issue of fresh water.  Betty was sitting across from them next to Tivi; who said something in a low voice which Heather and Daniel could not hear.  Betty spoke up saying, "Tivi says the water is where the land turns and the strange people live."
Daniel and Heather looked at each other with a look of embarrassment for they had forgotten to seek the advice of the little one.  Daniel asked, "Tivi, could you draw a picture of how the land looks?"
Tivi responded by speaking to Betty in a quiet but excited voice.  Betty in turn said, "He will try but he's not good at drawing."
Daniel got up to retrieve his writing book and pen.  He carefully trimmed the end of the quill he used and dipped it into the small bottle of ink.  Tivi took the instrument and with an intense look of concentration began drawing a line down the page.  Near the top was the inlet they had hid from the storm in.  The line then descended nearly vertically until near the bottom of the page when it made a gradual turn to his left followed by an abrupt turn back towards the top.  It ascended about an inch before turning towards the right.  Tivi then drew in a river entering the large bay he had drawn.  He added some mountains around the river and then put the pen down.  Turning towards Betty he said something in a low voice.
Betty spoke up saying, "It is how he remembered the picture in Captain Dirk's room."
While Heather examined the map Daniel asked, "Tivi why do you say the people are funny?"
While answering to Betty, Tivi wrinkled his nose up.  Betty then repeated him saying, "They smell like fish and dress funny."
"Are they small people like you or big like us?"
This time Tivi responded directly saying, "No little ones but not so big as you."
Heather excused herself to discuss the map with Captain John while Daniel continued his discussion.  The people apparently dressed in simple clothes with shells for decorations.  Their homes were made of grass and wood poles without doors or windows.  Their speech was difficult for Tivi to understand, but Captain Dirk talked to them.  Daniel's questions about sacred water went nowhere but when he asked about boats Tivi said, "Lots of boats but small and skinny."
Daniel tried to figure out how big of a community it was but Tivi could not be specific.  More people than their ship but much smaller than the city of the Northern Kingdom.  Tivi was kept up late drawing pictures and trying to explain things to Daniel.  At least he was now communicating directly, but would still avert his eyes when speaking.  Daniel knew much time would be needed to help heal the abuse the little one had received.
When Daniel and Heather arose in the morning they were greeted by a new view: the land was no longer visible.  Captain John explained, "A few hours ago we sailed into an area where the waves changed.  They became closer together and aligned in a different direction.  It's a narrow band and I have been sailing back and forth slowly up the band."
Heather asked, "What does this change mean?"
"I think there is an island just ahead."
Heather and Daniel both peered forward but could see nothing.  Heather asked, "How big of an island?"
"The band of wave change is a couple of miles wide so the island would be at least that big.  The wave changes have become more defined so I think we're getting close."
Almost on cue, the lookout atop the mast called out, "Land ahead and slightly to port."

Chapter 10

The island grew closer as they sailed on.  It was as if a mountain had grown directly from the sea.  After more than two hours of sailing, they finally reached the island.  The excitement was almost palpable amongst those of the Forest to see this new land, built around the steep mountain in the center.  Their impatience to be ashore and explore grew as Captain John continued to sail around the island, exploring it from sea.  Daniel finally asked, "Those of the Forest would know if we can go ashore and explore this new land."
Captain John was busy sketching details of the shoreline on his chart and turned towards Heather asking, "Princess, would you have them go ashore?"
Heather looked at the excitement on Daniel's face and said, "If it is safe, a day exploring would be good for those of the Forest.  We could use fresh water and the mountain seems high enough to gather some moisture."
Captain John pointed to a small bay on his sketch and said, "If there is fresh water it will probably be here.  It is a marginal shelter and if a storm arises, better to be at sea."
Heather looked at the sky which had a high overcast before saying, "I smell not the rain.  Do you sense a storm coming?"
Captain John replied, "I have never sailed so far south before.  I am not sure how a storm presents itself in this hot country.  We must exercise extra care."
Daniel said, "The island is but a few miles across, it will take little time to explore.  This may be where the birds that cannot fly live.  It would be a most wonderful thing to see and to bring a specimen back for Jason."
Heather looked at the excitement on Daniel's face and made her decision.  She said, "It is not yet noon.  Those of the Forest have until sundown to explore the island.  We will resume our voyage of discovery at that time.  If the weather turns, we will need to depart sooner."
Daniel asked Heather, "Would you explore with us?"
Heather replied, "Captain John needs to sleep.  I will take charge of getting fresh water; You take charge of the exploration and I will see you at sundown."
Those of the Forest were ferried to the island in the skiffs.  Jeremy and Daniel headed off immediately to climb the mountain.  Daniel was forever stopping to look at plants and small critters.  As Jeremy's frustration grew Daniel finally said, "We have so little time, you go ahead up the mountain and I'll follow."
Jeremy was soon out of sight as he ascended the mountain.  Daniel was trying to identify the medicinal plants which were in one of Jason's books.  Coming to a small dry creek, he followed it towards the ocean, picking specimens of plants for his bag.  From the steep hillside he could see the bay Captain John had identified.  Satisfied with knowing where he was, Daniel headed back up the mountain.  Small birds were everywhere and were like nothing Daniel had previously seen.  In the distance he had seen large birds, but none up-close.  There didn't seem to be any large animals other than the birds and the lizard-like critter which was sitting on rocks.
He sat and sketched the lizard-like animal.  Out of the corner of his eye he saw movement.  Turning, he recognized the dead beggar from the tunnel entrance to the Southern Kingdom.  The image disappeared behind a large rock and Daniel gathered up his specimens and went after it.  When he arrived at the rock there was nothing to be seen except for a footprint in the sand.  Being careful not to disturb the sign, Daniel moved along the path looking for other footprints.  It seemed the one leg was being dragged and dried blood spots were occasionally visible.  Someone was badly injured.
Daniel followed the trail across the hillside.  He should have been more alert to possible danger, but the obvious severity of the person's injury overrode caution.  The trail led to a small cave above the beach, north of the bay where they were to meet at sundown.  Daniel thought about seeking out Jeremy but knew Jeremy would have no trouble tracking him.  He called out, "I am a healer and want to help."
There was no reply and Daniel poked his head into the small cave.  The darkness was at first complete, until his eyes began to adjust.  In the dim light he could see a figure lying on a mat with a couple of baskets and jars adjacent.  Daniel spoke up again and still there was no movement or response.  He could hear labored breathing and smell the stench of infection.
Daniel crawled into the cave and approached the unconscious figure.  The stench became almost overpowering and only Daniel's commitment to healing allowed him to move forward.  The light was far too dim to recognize details and Daniel used his hands to inspect his new patient.  The skin was drawn taut over sharp bony features of the face and lacked normal resiliency.  Instantly Daniel knew he was dealing with someone near starvation with severe dehydration.  The man was much too warm, and the fever added to the debilitation.  Daniel felt the neck pulse; it was rapid, somewhat irregular and very weak.  Using both hands, Daniel explored the chest and abdomen.  The ribs stuck out like individual sticks but the movement was symmetrical.  Nothing broken.  The abdomen was soft and despite the thinness of the skin, seemed prominent.  Daniel's delicate sense of touch could detect movement of the intestines, at least something seemed relatively normal.
Exploring the arms revealed an obvious fracture of the left wrist but the pulse was still palpable in the fingers; nothing too serious.  The right leg and foot seemed normal except for multiple cuts.  Daniel's exam of the left leg stopped when he felt bubbles of gas moving under the skin near the knee: gas gangrene.  Daniel removed the leather cord from his waist and wrapped it around the thigh just above where the air bubbles had been felt.  Cinching it tight, he tried to stop the spread of infection.  If this patient were to live the leg had to come off real soon.
Using his own water bag, Daniel tried to get the man to drink.  He was obviously delirious from the infection and dehydration but still able to swallow a few mouthfuls of water.  Daniel forced himself to be patient and allowed several minutes to pass before he would give more water.  At times a slight groan would come from the patient but no conscious responses.  Only the intact primitive swallowing reflex allowed Daniel to administer a little life-saving water.
After about an hour Daniel heard Jeremy calling.  Waiting until the voice was close Daniel responded saying, "In here.  I need help."
Soon Jeremy's head was blocking the light from the small entrance.  He asked, "Now what kind of trouble are you in – and what stinks so bad?"
Daniel said, "I need my surgical kit, a lamp, some sacred water and plenty of fresh water."
Jeremy replied, "There's a storm coming, we better get back to the ship."
"He's much too sick to move.  If I don't operate he will certainly die.  I have to do it here."
"Who is he?"
"I don't know.  Please hurry and tell Heather not to worry."
"I'm on my way, but she's not going to like it."
Daniel did not even respond but went back to administering his small sips of fresh water to the feverish, cracked and bleeding lips of his patient.  The light was changing and the breeze seemed to have stopped, which made the air even heavier.  His water bag was almost empty when he heard voices coming.  Jeremy's voice carried easily and the second voice sounded like Heather's.  Soon Jeremy's head and shoulders were again blocking his light.  Jeremy said, "Got your supplies.  Your wife figured you needed some help and decided to come along."
"Light the lamp so I can get a better look at this leg."
When the lamp was passed him Daniel began a careful inspection of the leg.  There was a knob of the purulent red tissue at the ankle and a small fragment of bone was visible.  With no one to set the fracture, it had become infected and now the leg was swollen with the gas of gangrene.  Gently palpating the skin Daniel gauged how far the infection had spread.  The crepitance of the air extended to the knee and the tissue below the knee was black and green in color.  The upper leg above his twisted cord seemed fairly normal.  He would amputate above the cord and hope the infection had not spread too high.
Daniel began his preparations by first laying out his surgical instruments in the small basin and covering them with the concentrated sacred water.  Taking a strip of cloth, he wrapped it around the thigh.  Using a small stick he twisted the cloth strip until he could no longer feel any pulse at the knee.  He then began cleaning the skin between the two straps with the sacred water.  Without looking up he said, "I could use a small fire to heat my cautery rod."
When he was satisfied that the skin was as clean as he was going to get it, Daniel began ever so gently sharpening his obsidian knife with a small piece of flint.  He carefully laid the knife in the sacred water with his other instruments.  Taking a moment for quiet time, Daniel visualized his surgery, picturing the great arteries and muscles.
Jeremy said, "Your fire is ready."
Daniel replied, "I could use someone to hold the lamp."
A conversation outside the cave was ignored by Daniel but when Heather entered the cave he said, "My love, the stench is hard but I need your help."
Heather, who could hardly breathe, asked, "What would you have me do?"
"Hold the lamp just above my head so no shadow is on the leg."
When Heather had positioned the lamp, Daniel picked up his obsidian knife and said a silent prayer to the God of the Sacred Water for guidance.  He took a deep breath and let most of it out as he began.  The knife sliced through the skin effortlessly, revealing the layers of muscle beneath, which were covered with a shiny silvery layer.  As the knife sliced into the muscles they quivered and twitched as they pulled back from the sharpness of the blade.  The unconscious patient groaned occasionally but did not move.  The cloth tourniquet prevented any major bleeding and Daniel worked rapidly, severing the muscles and nerves of the leg.  Slowing only when the main arteries became visible, Daniel carefully tied them with two separate threads, one on the upper side and one on the lower, before he divided them with his knife.  In just a few minutes of operating time, Daniel had exposed the thigh bone.  Using his small saw, Daniel began cutting through the bone.
The sound brought back to Heather vivid memories of her father's surgery.  Maybe the light had begun to waver, but somehow Daniel sensed her angst.  He said, "Take a long slow breath and blow it out through your lips.  I need you to stay in control."
While Heather fought against memories of her father's surgery and the stench, Daniel finished sawing through the bone.  Using the cord he had initially tied around the leg, he tossed the infected appendage towards the opening of the cave.  He called, "Jeremy go bury this thing but try not to touch it."
Jeremy reached in and grabbed the cord by the very end.  With his arm fully extended he very gingerly lifted the amputated leg and carried it outside.  Daniel could not see the grimaces on his companion's face, but Heather could.  She had no trouble identifying with the emotions Jeremy was fighting to control.  With the gangrenous leg out of the cave, the stench began to improve a little.  Daniel worked diligently to polish the end of the leg bone before he began pulling muscles over the top to protect it.  He then slowly released his tourniquet.  Bleeding was evident at multiple points but he just let things bleed for a while saying, "It would be good to let the blood wash the tissue some."
When he heard Jeremy return Daniel said, "I need my cautery rod now."
Jeremy passed the cautery rod to Daniel without ever looking at the surgical wound.  Daniel said to Heather, "The cautery rod will produce some smoke and more odor."
Daniel touched the tip of the red-hot rod to the bleeding tissues.  The bleeding stopped as the tissue responded to the heat with coagulation and smoke.  The unconscious patient responded to the heat by groaning, a low anguishing sound.  Jeremy had to reheat the rod several times before Daniel was satisfied.  Daniel washed the wound with more concentrated sacred water before he began sewing the skin together.  He left large gaps in the skin for drainage.  Only after he had wrapped the wound in a large dressing did he stop to stretch.  Heather said, "I would breathe some fresh air."
 A short while later Daniel also emerged from the cave and was greeted by the evening light which highlighted the gathering storm.  The winds were blowing from the south and lightning was visible in the storm clouds.  Jeremy had been building a lean to shelter out of driftwood next to the cave entrance.  Daniel asked, "The storm is almost upon us, what of the ship?"
Heather responded, "Captain John and the rest are at sea to dance out the storm."
Daniel looked at the unfinished shelter and Jeremy spoke up before Daniel had a chance to say anything, "I needed something to do.  Not enough time to finish it, we'll have to share the cave with your new friend.  Any idea who he is?"
"No.  The beggar who died because of my powder showed me the way to him, so the God of the Sacred Water wanted us to find him.  Now we must wait to see if he lives."
The lightning crashed and the rain started and they all retreated into the cave, bringing their supplies and gear with them.  The wind was causing the air to circulate and the stench seemed to have lessened.  Heather turned up the lamp and for the first time Daniel looked at the cave itself.  It was an almost round tube extending inward towards the mountain.  The sides were made of black volcanic rock.  Not enough height for he or Jeremy to stand erect in, but plenty for Heather.  The smoke from the lamp moved inward which meant the cave had another opening somewhere.  Feeling the smooth texture of the rock Daniel said, "This must be a volcano tube such as the old writings speak of.  It would be good to explore."
Heather spoke up saying, "Enough of exploring for now.  You, my husband, need to rest and eat some food."
Daniel realized he was hungry and thirsty.  "I could use some water but first let me give some to my patient."
Jeremy started to arrange a table of sorts and brought out bread and dried meat.  Daniel took the water jug offered and refilled his small container.  The stranger remained unconscious but took small amounts of water readily.  His pulse seemed a little stronger but the fever persisted.  At Heather's urging he sat and absently chewed on the dried meat and bread.  Finely Heather asked, "Daniel of Issip, where are you?"
Daniel looked up apologetically and explained, "The book of herbs Jason gave talked of a plant which helped the body fight off infection.  I think I may have found some of it.  I wish I had the book to compare the drawing to the leaf I picked."
Jeremy asked, "Where did you find the plant and what did it look like?"
Daniel thought for a moment before replying, "It was just before I started sketching the picture of the rock dragon."
"That helps a lot."
Heather asked, "What rock dragon?"
Daniel dugout his book and showed the picture of the giant lizard to Heather.  Jeremy looked at it and recognized the rock pile the lizard was sitting on.  He said, "Well now I know where that lizard was.  Where were you coming from before you started drawing?"
Daniel thought and said, "I had walked down a dry creek until I could see the ship and then went back up the mountain.  It was just before I got to the rock pile." Daniel picked the leaf out of his bag and showed it to Jeremy saying, "It was a small shrub about knee-high with these leaves."
The lightning crashed close by in their cave was illuminated momentarily.  Jeremy said, "I will find it but maybe should wait until the storm abates.  For now a glass of ale would be nice."
Heather said, "The closest ale is on our ship.  I pray to the God of the Sacred Water that it and our people are safe."
Daniel got up to check again on his patient as the wind howled by the mouth of their cave.  The stranger was not growing worse, but no better.  Daniel coaxed a little more water into him.  He thought of the herb in the book; if he remembered right it should help.  Taking a small bowl, Daniel carefully tore the leaf into small shreds and used a small rock to grind it.  Adding a little water, Daniel created a green slurry.  
When he went to taste it Heather asked, "Are you sure it is safe?"
Daniel hesitated only a little before tasting it and saying, "I hope so." It was bitter and a little sweet at the same time.  It caused just a little tingling of his lips and tongue.  Nodding his head Daniel said, "It is as the book described.  I will try it on the stranger."
Adding more water to the bowl turned the slurry into a green tea-like drink.  Daniel brought the bowl to the stranger and gave him small sips.  He asked Jeremy to hold the patient up in a sitting position so he could swallow easier.  A groaning sound came forth as he was moved, but his swallowing was much better.  Daniel was able to get almost the entire bowl of fluid into him.  As Jeremy was laying the stranger back down he asked, "What will happen now?"
"Now we pray to the God of the Sacred Water for help.  I have done what I can and now we should try and get some rest."
Jeremy staked out an area near the mouth of the cave to lay out his sleeping mat while Heather and Daniel chose an area somewhat deeper in the cave where the ground was level.  Daniel turned the lamp down to a point where the wick was barely burning.  As they lay there, the wind would rise and fall, creating at times a howling sound and at other times almost a humming sound.  Sleep did not come easily and when it did Daniel had dreams of finding the dead beggar in the tunnel intermixed with dreams of the attack of the Red Ambassador.  He awoke trembling, in a sweat.  Lying there quiet, Daniel tried to hear the breathing of his patient.  The periods of relative silence between wind gusts allowed only limited hearing but he could hear the shallow breathing of his patient intermixed with Jeremy's snoring.  Sleep came again.
Morning came only with a grayness as the storm raged on.  While Heather attended to her morning ritual, Daniel checked his patient.  The fever had lessened but still he remained unconscious.  His swallowing was improved and Daniel gave him the last of the herbal medication along with several swigs of water.  The three companions ate a quiet meal as they contemplated the fate of those aboard ship.  Their cave remained fairly dry with only areas of water seepage through cracks in the walls.  By midmorning the patient's fever seemed to be worsening and Daniel began to fret.   When Heather asked what the problem was Daniel explained he needed more of the herbal medication.  Jeremy spoke up saying, "I was just thinking I could do with a walk, being cooped up in this cave isn't good for me."
Heather could not resist asking, "And how is this cave that much different than the Rusty Tavern?"
"Well for one thing we don't have any ale and for another the only fair maiden is already spoken for.  Besides, I can't even stand up in here."
Daniel had to smile at the exchange and said, "Well if you are going to be taking a walk would you try and find the herbal bush?"
"The storm will have erased your trail but if your descriptions are even close I'll find it."
Bundling up in his cape Jeremy hesitated only a second before exiting the cave into the rain and wind.  Heather called out, "You be careful Jeremy of Issip."
With a wave Jeremy disappeared into the storm.  Heather sat next to Daniel, who kept his hand on the patient's pulse.  They sat quietly for many minutes before Heather said, "I would expect this man is one of those peoples Tivi spoke of.  How do you think he came to this island?"
"Shipwrecked almost certainly.  He could have been on an exploration or a storm such as this could have blown him off course and destroyed his boat.  Either way he has been here for only a few weeks."
"How do you know that?"
"The fracture of his wrist has not yet fully healed."
"He is so thin, could that happen in just a few weeks?"
"Probably not, but he could have been starving before arriving here."
"Will he live?"
"Maybe, if it is the will of the God of the Sacred Water.  We will need to start getting some food into him so he can heal."
The afternoon wore on with no sign of Jeremy.  Even Daniel was beginning to wonder if something had happened to his friend.  Finally a voice called out, "How about giving me a hand."
Daniel went to the mouth of the cave and saw Jeremy half carrying and half dragging a bird which was the size of a small deer.  Over his other shoulder it appeared he had the entire bush of Daniel's herb.  Daniel took the bush and picked up the legs of the giant bird, helping Jeremy into the cave.  With both of them blocking the entrance there was no light for Heather to see and she asked, "What's going on?"
Daniel replied, "I send Jeremy out for a few leaves and he brings back a tree and for a bonus an oversized bird."
Jeremy did his best to shake off the water from his cape before saying, "I figured if I didn't bring back enough leaves you would have sent me back out in this storm.  There were three of these birds and they let me walk right up to them.  Didn't seem to be scared at all.  Used a rock to clobber this one, figured we could use some fresh meat.  Of course hitting it on the head killed it, but its body didn't know that yet and it ran off, so only after it was dead did I have to chase it down!"
Heather finally got a good look at the bird and said, "I've never seen such a big bird.  Do you think it's the bird Jason talked about?"
Jeremy said, "It's way too big to fly; so could be.  I'm hoping it tastes good."
Daniel said, "Let me make some more of this herb for the patient and then I'll help clean the bird.  We should be able to make a bone marrow soup for the patient.  Maybe we can preserve the skin for Jason."
Jeremy replied, "We'll need a fire.  I think some of the wood I collected for the shelter may still be dry.  Might as well get it while I'm already wet."
Daniel worked to give the patient more of the herbal medication.  He seemed to be taking fluids better but still was not fully conscious.  Daniel's wondered what it would be like to regain consciousness surrounded by strangers.  He was trying to figure out how to ease the transition when Jeremy interrupted by saying, "The wind has changed.  The air is now moving out of the cave; maybe the storm is about over."
Daniel helped clean the bird by carefully removing the skin.  He stretched it on the ground and said, "We'll use the ashes to preserve the hide.  Look at how small and useless these wings are."
The evening meal was without much seasoning but the fresh meat was flavorful.  Daniel had broken several of the larger bones and stewed them in their small pot.  When the pot had cooled sufficiently, he gave small quantities to the patient, who seemed somewhat more awake and swallowed more vigorously.  The medication was working and the fever had broken, causing the patient to sweat.  Heather asked, "Is there yet hope?"
"He would seem stronger and the fever is much reduced so there is hope."
"Will we be able to speak with him?"
"I know not.  I would the young priest were with us for he has much greater knowledge.  We will do our best until the ship returns."
As they prepared for the night Daniel asked Jeremy to sleep by the mouth of the cave in case the patient awoke.  Jeremy grumbled but a little, "You worry about an unconscious man with but one leg.  The ground is rough, but for you I will suffer."
It was near morning when Daniel and Heather were awakened by Jeremy shouting, "Where do you think you're going?"
Without the lamp being lit, confusion reigned for a while.  Jeremy found that restraining a man near starvation with only one leg was harder than he expected.  With Daniel's help the man was finally secured in his bed roll.  The look of terror on the man's face was made even worse by the shadows of the lamp.  Heather said, "Why is he so afraid? We are trying to help!"
Daniel replied, "It may be the fever." After a pause he continued, "Or there may be a reason he fears strangers.  For now we need to post a watch; I'll take the first watch."
Jeremy looked out the cave mouth and saw some pink to the east.  The wind had moderated but some rain continued he said, "The storm seems to be ending.  Morning is near; I think I'll start the fire."
With the fire going they reheated the marrow soup.  The stranger watched their every move intently.  When the soup had warmed sufficiently Daniel rose to feed the stranger.  Heather said, "Perhaps I should try, maybe he would fear a woman less."
Daniel nodded and handed her the small pot and the spoon.  Heather brought the food to the stranger and kneeling beside him tasted the soup herself.  The smell of the soup had already made the stranger's mouth water, watching Heather eat it increased his hunger.  When Heather offered a spoonful to the stranger he at first turned his head away but hunger made him turn back.  He accepted the broth eagerly and Heather would have fed him the entire bowl but Daniel cautioned, "It is enough his system is not yet use to food.  He can have the rest in a little while."
Jeremy warmed some of the meat along with the last of their bread.  Heather left them while the meal was being prepared to complete her morning ritual.  They broke fast together with spirits much better because of the lighter sky.  The stranger's eyes followed their every move.  Jeremy said, "He is like a puppy who has been abused, he has much fear."
Heather asked, "How old do you think he is?"
Daniel answered, "His beard is not yet fully formed, so I would guess less than twenty-five years."
Daniel changed the subject by asking, "When do you think we should begin watching for the return of our ship?"
Heather pictured in her mind where she would have the ship; in the leeward of the island but a long way off shore.  As the wind shifted she would have sailed with the wind, trying to stay in the quieter water.  At the very least the ship would be on the far side of the island and a couple of hours out.  "I would doubt the ship could return before midday.  If the winds forced them further out to sea it could be a full day before they return."
Jeremy spoke up saying, "We have plenty of meat for another day but nothing else for food.  Maybe I will explore some more and see what I can find.  I suppose you both can't come with me?"
Daniel's face was in the shadows and his expression hidden when he replied, "I would go and see this bird which cannot fly but for now I will stay with my patient." Turning towards Heather he said, "It would be good for you to be outdoors.  I will keep watch."
Heather was going to protest that she would stay with Daniel but then the first rays of sunshine poked through the clouds.  She said, "I would go with you Jeremy of Issip but we must not be gone too long.  I would have Daniel also have time out of this cave."
Daniel kept himself busy changing the dressing on his patient's leg and feeding him the marrow soup a little at a time.  The patient no longer struggled against him but said nothing.  Finally Daniel held the spoon full of the soup and said, "Soup."
The patient said nothing, but looked anxious when Daniel did not give him the broth.  Daniel waited a few minutes and again held a spoonful of soup saying, "Soup."
The patient looked at him questioningly but said nothing.  Daniel again returned the spoon to the pot and waited a few more minutes before trying again.  This time the patient repeated the word but it sounded more like, "Supee." Daniel gave him the spoonful of the broth.  The day wore on and Daniel occasionally walked out of the cave just to see the sunshine.  It was getting late when Jeremy and Heather returned.  There was excitement in their voices as he heard them approaching so he figured the ship had returned.
They entered the cave with Jeremy's small backpack loaded with miscellaneous finds.  When Daniel asked about the ship, their voices became somewhat more somber as they reported no sign of the ship.  Heather said, "Captain John will not make landfall in the dark.  We'll have to wait for the morrow."
They began unpacking their collection explaining where they found the miscellaneous items.  Daniel's patient lay quietly watching until Jeremy took out a couple of roots he was going to use for cooking.  The patient spoke up saying, "Supee nee." He shook his head back and forth and repeated the term.
Daniel took the root closer to the patient and said, "Soup?"
The patient again repeated his phrase shaking his head in the negative.  Heather took out another type of root and held it up.  The patient looked at it and nodding said simply, "Supee."
Heather asked Daniel, "Have you been teaching him to speak?"
"I worked on the word soup.  It would seem your one root is inedible.  I think we will have much to learn from this man."
Daniel had Jeremy help him untie the stranger.  He responded by setting up and rubbing his wrists.  He then pointed to his leg which was missing and said something nobody could understand.  Daniel went through the motions of doing surgery and the man gently touched his remaining stump of a leg.  Daniel went through a pantomime of fitting a stick to the end of the leg and walking.  Heather and Jeremy watched the show with big smiles on their faces.  Jeremy finally said, "What a story this is going to be back home."
Daniel said nothing, but wondered to himself if they would ever see home again.  It had been an impressive storm and anything could have happened to their ship and friends.  While Jeremy began working on dinner, Daniel continue to work on communication with his patient.  He pointed to the Heather and said her name.  After several tries, the young man got it pretty close.  Daniel pointed to Jeremy and said his name and again the man repeated the sounds.  When Daniel said his own name and pointed to himself this patient said, "Da eel.” 
Which brought a laugh from Jeremy who said, "I always thought you were sort of skinny, but never slimy."
Heather objected to Jeremy's caricature but could not hide the smile on her face.  Daniel ignored his friend and repeated his name with an emphasis on the "N" sound.  Gradually his name became recognizable.  He then pointed to his patient and put a questioning look on his face as he turned up his hands.  The young man looked confused so Daniel pointed to each of them repeating their names and then again to the young man.  The young man repeated each name and this time when Daniel pointed to him he said something which sounded like, "Larry."
Daniel repeated what he had thought was said but the young man looked confused until Heather spoke up saying, "Larby."
The young man turned towards her nodding and pointed to himself saying, "Larby" and continued on in speech they were unable to comprehend at all.  They continued working on the language through the meal and into the evening.  With enough gestures and pointing they were communicating a little.
The next day started with the expectation of their ship returning, but ended like the day before in disappointment.  The following day they began manning a signal fire on top of the small mountain but still no sign of their ship.  A sense of dread was weighing upon them but no one spoke of the probability that their friends were lost to the storm and they were marooned.  It was on the third day of manning their signal fire that Jeremy rushed into the cave yelling, "They're coming."


Chapter 11

Daniel asked, "How far away?"
"I would guess three or four miles to the northeast."
Heather's warrior nature was showing when she asked, "Jeremy of Issip, are you sure it is our ship?"
The drop in Jeremy's face was enough of an answer.  The silence deepened as thoughts of other possibilities began to weigh on everyone's minds.  Heather spoke up saying, "It is a small island and someone who looks will find us.  Perhaps we could cover our tracks enough so if they're not looking they won't see us."
Jeremy said, "I'll try and make the fire look like a lightning strike but I've cut many branches and the cuts would show if someone looked."
"Spend no more than thirty minutes on the mountain and try to cover your trail as you return.  Daniel and I will begin policing this area.  I would expect we have a couple of hours before the ship would land on our side of the island.  This cave is probably as good of a hiding place as any."
Jeremy hurried off and they started cleaning the area of their sign.  Those of the Forest disturbed little by their very nature but they had been many days in their camp.  Footprints in the wet soil which was now drying were their biggest worry.  Larby watched from the mouth of the cave with an anxious look on his face.  Daniel knew not how to explain what was happening.  He used his hands to emulate a sail in the wind and a ship riding the waves but was unsure if the meaning was fully received.  The anxiousness seemed to increase in the young man's face but they had no way of communicating any better.
The time went quickly and even to Heather's eye they had not hidden their tracks well enough, but as the ship came into view they had done all they could do.  The ship looked like their ship except the mast was much too short.  They watched in silence as the ship neared.  Jeremy had moved to the edge of the small cliff and was staring intently trying to identify the ship positively.  Daniel glanced at Larby and saw the look of intense fear on his face.  Heather followed his gaze and was alarmed at the look of fear.  She moved towards the young man and gently placed her hand on his shoulder.  He was trembling.
The call from Jeremy that it was indeed their ship did not quiet the fear of Larby.  Daniel said, "The ship of the Red Ambassador is known to our young friend – or at least the ship type."
Heather said, "I expect he has a reason for his fear which we need to learn more of.  Jeremy would you go and greet our friends? It would be best if we kept Larby here for now." She added, "Bring back the young priest with you."
Jeremy left with the easy loping run of those of the Forest.  Heather and Daniel stood by Larby, who was on his makeshift crutches.  Their presence seemed to help settle down the young man but a slight trembling persisted until the ship sailed around the point and out of their view.  Daniel said, "I'm hungry." He turned to Larby and asked, "Soup?"
Larby responded with a nod of his head saying, "Supee."
Daniel kindled a fire and soon they were sharing the warm soup.  The sun was setting before Jeremy returned accompanied by the young priest.  Daniel began to introduce the young priest to Larby and realized he had never called the young priest by a specific name.  He looked questioningly at Heather who smiled slightly at his discomfort and said, "Larby this is Arnold."
The young priest held out his hand and Larby said, "Arnol."
The young priest pronounced his name again and Larby did a better job of repeating it as he tentatively shook hands.
Jeremy interjected, saying, "Captain John would speak to you Heather of the Northern Kingdom."
She looked at Daniel and asked, "The language lesson can go on without me?"
Daniel nodded and said, "I would think it best if we limit our new friend's exposure.  I would you return to me yet tonight."
Heather gave Daniel a kiss and departed with Jeremy leading the way through the darkness.
***
Heather followed Jeremy through the darkness in silence.  She was not able to keep up with Jeremy's loping run but they made good time nonetheless.  The ship was visible in the distance, only as a shadow in the light of the few stars shining between clouds.  When they came in sight of the beach, they saw multiple small bonfires.  It seemed as if almost everyone had come ashore.  There were joined by others of the Forest as they neared the campsite.  They just appeared out of the darkness and began visiting with Jeremy.
Heather would have enjoyed visiting with those around campfires but the Captain's dory was waiting to take her aboard.  Jeremy helped her aboard the boat and the two sailors began rowing her out to the ship.  She tried to ask questions of the sailors but their answers were short and the story was not making sense.  Arriving at the ship, she moved easily up the rope ladder and was greeted by Captain John on the deck.  He said, "By the God of the Sacred Water it is good to see you Princess."
She replied, "I am thankful to the God of the Sacred Water for your safe return.  We were worried."
"As were we."
"I would hear your story."
Captain John said, "We have much to discuss.  Let us sit at the table and I will tell our tale.  We have much to be thankful for and some planning to do."
Tivi met them in the mess area with a pot of tea.  The lamp was turned up high and the young man had obvious bruises on his face.  Captain John saw her look of concern and said, "It was a rough ride and many of us were tossed about, but thankfully no serious injuries."
Heather sat across from Captain John and noticed how droopy his eyelids were and how haggard his facial features.  He began by saying, "Riding out the storm at sea was probably the right decision, but such a storm I have never sailed through before.  I know not if our ship could have survived with this poor anchorage but we barely survived at sea."
They had stayed in the protected waters of the lei of the island but when the wind shifted suddenly they were blown out of the protected waters.  Using only a well-reefed mainsail they continued the dance as the wind took them on an easterly course.  Things seemed to stabilize and Captain John finally took some sleep.  The helmsman was taken by surprise by another sudden wind shift to the north.  The ship heeled to the side and for a moment it appeared as if they would capsize.  The ship struggled to regain a vertical stance but the strain on the mast was too much and it broke.  Now they floundered about in the very confused seas and drifted south.  By the time a temporary mast was fixed, Captain John had lost all sense of his position.  Their dance was now a real fight for survival with the confused seas continually crashing over the gunnel.
By the time the storm abated they had drifted far to the east and south, much further east than he would have thought possible unless the land had curved.  They slowly made their way back to the north but it was several days’ sail before any landmarks were reached.  A promontory was identified on the coast that corresponded to a drawing Betty found in Daniel's book of notes and drawings.  They reversed course at that point and sailed south again looking for the current change which had revealed the island in the first place.
Captain John, who had been looking off in the distance while he told the story, focused his attention again on Heather saying, "It is only by the grace of the God of the Sacred Water that we survived."
Heather responded, "I think the skills given you by the God of the Sacred Water are why you survived and for this I give thanks.  We were well protected in the cave of Daniel's stranger, who is recovering but is now with only one leg." As an afterthought she added, "He seems to know the ships of the Red Ambassador and is afraid."
This jogged Captain John's memory and he added, "When we turned north as the storm abated, one of yours of the Forest said he saw lights in the distance.  I thought of seeking help but for some reason decided not."
Heather was thoughtful as she remembered the trembling of Daniel's stranger.  She replied, "Is probably best you sailed on.  Do you think you were seen?"
"The darkness was setting in and we had but one small lamp lit topside.  I would think it would be unlikely but possible."
Heather asked, "What next?"
"It will take a few days’ work to stabilize our temporary mast.  I would prefer installing a new mast if any tall straight trees could be found."
Heather thought of the things she had seen exploring with Jeremy and could not recall anything but short scrubby trees.  She replied, "The island has no real Forest but some trees.  I will speak to Jeremy about our need.  Those of the Forest will provide a tree if it is on the island." Heather did not speak for a few minutes while thinking she then said, "I would return to our own country.  Daniel's stranger should be able to provide the information we need without further risk of being discovered by those of the Red Ambassador."
Captain John said, "The return journey will be much slower because the winds will tend to be from the north and our ship is no longer whole.  Another storm such as the last we will not survive."
"By the God of the Sacred Water we will return home safely.  I would return now to Daniel.  I wish you a good rest.  We will search for the new mast at morning light."
Captain John sighed, "A full night's sleep would be a blessing."
"Till the morning, Captain."
Heather returned to the shore and could hear Jeremy's voice entertaining those around the campfire.  She waited for a pause in the story before saying, "We need a tall straight tree from which to make a new mast."
Jeremy replied, "There are not many trees that are much more than scrub.  I saw a few in the canyon to the north of the mountain."
"I would you and those of the Forest seek out the best at the first light."
Jeremy said, "It is something we of the Forest can do and best of all it is on land.  By nightfall tomorrow we will have the best tree back here."
Heather said, "I would that we left little sign of our being here.  Now it is time for me to return to our camp."
Betty was prepared for travel and insisted on accompanying Heather.  She was still upset that she had not stayed with her Princess.  Heather had not the energy to argue, so accepted with a nod her companion's request.  As they followed Jeremy back to their cave, Heather's thoughts seem to alternate between a great relief of the ship's safe return and a sense of dread regarding the sighting of lights.  Captain John thought it was very unlikely they were seen but if they were? Would those who put such terror in their new friend come looking for them? Would this island even be known by them?
Her worries were put aside as soon as they arrived back at their cave.  Daniel was all excited about another possible substitute for the sacred water.  The young priest had been able to establish some communication almost immediately.  Larby spoke in a language that was definitely related to the writing in the oldest scrolls.  The young priest had to convert from the written form to an oral form of the language but they were communicating.  When Daniel had asked about the sacred water, Larby knew only that the elders spoke of such a thing when telling the stories of their creation.  
When Daniel pressed the issue by using his hands to demonstrate the goiter, Larby responded saying, "Thyroi."
The young priest had to work hard to follow the explanation.  Larby's people had learned to eat a small gland in the fish that seemed to treat a developing goiter.  Daniel went on, "It makes sense.  The iodine gets washed to the sea by the rivers.  The fish absorb it and the people obtain it in the concentrated form when they eat the right part of the fish."
Heather was tired and this talk of healing was confusing.  She said, "It is time for sleep.  We can speak of your fish guts more tomorrow.  We have other worries which can also wait till the morning."
Sleep came slowly because Daniel was excited about the fish and Heather was worried about the lights.  Morning came and when Heather and Betty went out to complete their morning ritual, Jeremy had already left.  Before they returned to the cave Betty said, "The stranger is one of those people Tivi spoke of."
Heather asked, "How do you know this?"
"He smells like fish."
Heather had not detected the odor but her initial exposure had been accompanied by the horrible stench of the infection.  As they reentered the cave she could indeed detect the slight smell of fish.  They broke their nighttime fast with a simple meal.  Daniel was still excited about using fish as a substitute for the sacred water but Heather had other things on her mind.  She needed to know why their young friend was so afraid of the ship.  They no sooner finished eating then she began her questions.  It was hard to formulate a question such that could be translated easily.
She asked, "You have seen ships such as ours before?"
The young priest translated the question and a discussion in the old tongue went back and forth for some time before the young priest said, "Yes."
"From which direction did they come?"
Again considerable dialogue occurred before the simple answer, "From the east."
"What people sailed the ships?"
The anguish on the young man's face was evident as his voice rose to almost a tremble while he described the arrival of the first ship.  His people thought the arrival was a fulfillment of an ancient prophecy.  The ship had no sooner arrived than dozens of their small boats went out to greet it.  All of the leaders and elders were on those boats.  Those on the ship allowed them to board but immediately put them in chains and those who resisted were killed and tossed overboard.  For several days nothing happened and then a machine on the ship launched rocks and destroyed their village center.  A smaller boat was then lowered from the ship and came ashore.  The villagers watched from a distance as two of their elders were brought to shore.  A man, dressed in red, spoke in a language they could not understand.  They knew not what to do and the man spoke again saying a few words in their language.  One of the elders bowed down before the man but the other remained standing.
The young man paused and only with difficulty continued his story.  The man dressed in red repeated the words one more time and then reached over with his long knife and severed the standing man's throat.  Without another word they returned to their ship leaving the still twitching body behind for the villagers to contemplate.  The next day at the same time they came ashore and repeated the scene, some of the villagers knelt when the words were spoken but the elder who refused was again dispatched with the long knife.  Over the next days the beach was turned red with those elders and leaders who refused to bow before the man dressed in red.  The message was clear and everyone in the village learned to bow when the words were spoken.
Larby was quiet after he finished his tale, leaving the young priest to finish the translation.  Daniel and Heather were at loss for words and sat quietly for several minutes.  Heather finally said, "We have much yet to learn about those who would be our enemy.  I would that we leave soon for home."
Daniel could only say, "I could not have imagined such brutality.  I see now why the Red Ambassador was not concerned about the consequences of stealing our sacred water."
Heather replied, "I would expect those consequences were the desired effect." After just a short pause she continued, "I would you continue to learn of our young friend and his people.  I need to meet with Captain John again."
Before leaving she thought of one more important question and asked, "Do your people know of this island?"
After the young priest translated the question, Larby answered with a simple nod of his head.  Heather then asked, "Do the people dressed in red also know of the island?"
The answer was much longer and the young priest translated it simply as, "Probably not."
Daniel wanted to know why Heather had asked the question and she relayed Captain John's report of lights having been seen to the east.  Daniel understood her concern saying, "If they had been waiting for the Red Ambassador could they have seen our ship and come looking." After a minute of silence Daniel added, "I too feel we should leave for home.  I will learn from our young friend what I can while you meet with Captain John."
Heather left giving Daniel a quick kiss on her way out of the cave.  Even to her eye it was evident that a trail was developing between the cave and the small cove.  Anyone who looked would know people had been here.  She arrived at the campsites and only a few of those of the Forest remained, the rest were with Jeremy.  She visited for a short while telling them of the stranger Daniel had found.  She then asked if a lookout could be posted on the mountaintop to watch for any approaching ships.  As an afterthought she asked if their mirrors would work for communication.  Hearing an affirmative she left them to work out the details adding, "We may need to leave with two hours notice and with not any traces of our presence left behind."
Heather climbed into the small boat and two of those from the Forest rowed her out to the ship.  The ship seemed a beehive of activity.  Men were climbing all around the rigging stretching new lines while others worked to repair damage to the deck itself.  She found Captain John supervising the deck work.  She greeted him with, "I pray that the God of the Sacred Water has granted you a good night’s sleep."
"Aye Princess, I slept well and feel almost refreshed."
"And the work, how is it going?"
"It is coming along.  The damage to the deck is less than I had feared.  The Red Ambassador knew how to build a ship."
"How long until we would be ready to sail?"
"If the new mast arrives by morning, a day or at most two days and we will be ready." He added, "I'm not sure those of the Forest are quite ready to return to the ship."
Heather looked away momentarily before replying, "We may have no choice.  I worry about those lights that were seen.  Our stranger is much afraid of the people who built ships such as this and described a machine that launched stones from the ship and destroyed part of their village.  If they find us we will not escape."
It was Captain John's turn for a moment of reflection.  He said, "We are doing all we can and it will be the will of the God of the Sacred Water."
Heather replied, "Yes, but it is up to us to ensure that we have done all that is possible.  I have had a lookout placed on the mountain.  We will have about two hours’ notice of any ship arriving.  Can you sail with such little notice?"
Captain John rubbed the stubble on his chin as he thought.  He responded, "If we left the temporary mast in place while we worked to install the new mast, maybe." He added, "It will be less efficient but doable." After another pause he said, "A ship which is whole would easily overtake us."
Heather nodded her head as she replied, "We must not be seen."
Captain John was called back to the work to answer a question.  Heather watched the work for a while but there was nothing she could do.  She returned with the two of the Forest who had brought her.  On the beach, others were working to remove any sign of their presence.  She asked if two would come with her and help remove any sign of their trail to the cave.  They walked slowly back to the cave and the signs of the trail were partially obliterated as broken twigs were removed and others branches placed to obscure the passage.  Footprints were erased.  To those of the Forest the trail would still be obvious but to Heather it had disappeared.
They arrived back at the cave and Daniel was waiting at the entrance.  Heather greeted him but before answering his questions turned towards the two of the Forest who had accompanied her saying, "I would you find Jeremy and tell him of our possible need to depart quickly.  He will need a relay to stay in contact with the lookout on the mountain.  I would then one of you return here and report his progress."
The two of the Forest left and Heather answered Daniel's questions.  She asked about their stranger and Daniel said, "The young priest seems to understand his speech better than Larby understands the efforts of the young priest but they are communicating.  They are talking mostly about their creation story which seems to revolve around an escape of the founders in a boat.  They are of the Sea."
Heather said, "I would have something to eat and then we too should begin preparing to depart quickly if needed."
Daniel looked around the cave entrance and said, "To someone who knows how to look it will be obvious that someone was here.  Using Jeremy's brush we can hide the mouth of the cave fairly well from the eyes of someone not used to looking."
"It is the best we can do.  I would think those of the Sea would not be used to looking as would those of the Forest.  Now I would eat and then plan some more."
The sun had begun its march down into the West with about three hours of daylight remaining when one of the Forest arrived with the message, "Two ships approach from the east."
Heather asked, "Has Jeremy been notified?"
"With the signaling mirrors."
"How about Captain John?"
"I am headed there now.  Any other message?"
Heather replied with only a moment of hesitation, "Captain John will know what to do.  I need to know which direction the ships take.  After notifying Captain John make contact with the lookout on the mountain.  As soon as the direction is confirmed return quickly to the ship."
The messenger had no sooner left when Daniel asked, "And if the ships separate?"
"Then Daniel of Issip, we will not escape.  I would expect the ships to stay together.  Together they represent a stronger force."
When they explained, through the young priest, about the danger of the approaching ships, Larby was visibly shaken.  Heather explained their plan of escape and asked Larby to join with them.  The young man quickly agreed and after Heather explained that he may not return home for some time he did not change his decision.  They finished policing the area and camouflaging the mouth of the cave.  Loaded with their supplies, Betty and the young priest helped Larby move down the trail while Daniel and Heather trailed behind, covering their tracks.  The temporary crutch was a big problem, creating deep holes where the soil was soft.
They arrived at the small cove and found much activity.  When Heather asked about Jeremy she was told he would arrive within the hour.  She would have hurried him on but knew he was already pushing as hard as humanly possible.  Their young stranger was introduced quickly and then he and the young priest were ferried to the ship.  Heather quickly inspected the site of the camp and could see no obvious traces except for the grooves in the sand from the boats landing.  Those of the Forest told her they would erase those as the final step before returning to the ship.  Heather said, "We have done what we can.  Now we need to load the new mast and pray to the God of the Sacred Water for our escape."
She and Daniel were then ferried to the ship.  Captain John looked up from his work and asked, "Do we know the direction of arrival?" Before Heather could answer he continued, "How long before the new mast gets here?"
Heather answered, "Jeremy is less than a half-hour out.  I would expect to hear the direction soon.  Are you ready to sail?"
"Princess, we have a wounded ship.  She will be ready to sail within the hour but her wounds limit our ability."
"It is as it is.  I will check on those of the Forest; can they be of help?"
"My sailors are completing their task.  I would have those of the Forest raise the mast your Jeremy is bringing and secure it to the deck."
"I will have Elrod prepare for the task."
There was no longer time for planning, they would do their best and if the God of the Sacred Water was willing, it would be good enough.  Elrod had no sooner organized his crew then Jeremy was spotted approaching the small cove.  They were moving at the loping run in a synchronized fashion carrying the new mast on the shoulders.  Jeremy was at the lead and did not stop at the water's edge but continued into the water until he was up to shoulders.  The log floated free.  The small boats began carrying those of the Forest to the ship and lines were attached to the log.  Many hands worked to raise their new mast onto the deck where it was secured.
The light was starting to fade to the west when the messenger arrived.  His message was simple, "They sail to the south, one close to shore and one far out."
Heather and Captain John received the message.  Heather said, "A good military plan, keep your force together but maximize your view.  We will need to hug the shore or they will for sure see us."
Captain John agreed, "It is as when I was working as a free trader.  We need not sail fast but must stay hidden along the shore until darkness is complete.  I would we had knowledge of the reefs along the shore."
Jeremy spoke out, "From the mountain I have seen some rocks on the north.  With my signaling mirror I could direct you until the sun drops below the horizon."
Heather looked at the sun which was getting low in the West and said, "Jeremy of Issip, you have done enough for now.  Darkness will soon be upon us.  We will sail and trust the God of the Sacred Water."
Captain John gave the order, "Raise anchor, we sail!"


Chapter 12

They had just gotten underway when another thought occurred to Heather.  She asked Jeremy, "If the ship close to shore put a party ashore would they have time to climb the mountain and spot us before the sun is gone?"
Jeremy thought but a little before replying, "The trails are not good.  We of the Forest could not travel fast enough to race the sun."
Heather nodded and said, "Those of the Sea almost certainly could not travel as fast as those of the Forest.  I worry no more about this."
Jeremy was posted as one of the lookouts and he climbed willingly to the top of their temporary mast without even bothering to change his wet clothes.  They stayed within hailing distance of the shore until they approached the northern prominence of the island.  The darkness was becoming full when Jeremy spotted the shoal he had seen from the mountaintop.  Captain John was forced to sail out from shore much further than he liked to avoid the reef.  He ordered, "One watch to the West and pray they we see not any sails on the horizon.”
They continued to sail north through the night with Captain John insistent upon maintaining the helm watch himself.  Daniel and Heather awoke at dawn to a sky which was painted with pinks and oranges.  No land was visible.  Daniel went topside while Betty and Heather completed their morning ritual.  Larby was already there at the front rail surveying the open ocean.  He was adapting well to his crutches and seemed very comfortable at sea, moving easily with the rolling ship.  Daniel gave him the morning greeting and Larby replied with a somewhat similar sounding phrase.  They stood together looking at the sea saying nothing further.
Heather and Betty joined them and they all stood quietly before the sea.  Betty interrupted the quiet by saying, "Princess, you eat.  Captain John will expect you to take the watch."
They moved below with Betty helping Larby more than he needed.  She fussed over him as they broke fast with the morning meal.  As soon as they had finished, Heather and Daniel again went topside to plan with Captain John.  The night had gone well but he wanted to get the new mast installed.  Heather asked, "Should we not find shelter first?"
Captain John replied, "It would be better but I fear our discovery.  The peaceful night has given me a chance to plan.  We can change the mast while at sea, if the winds do not rise too strongly." He continued, "I would the ability to judge the weather in this foreign land."
Daniel said, "I will have the young priest ask Larby of the weather.  He seems at home with the sea."
As Heather and Captain John discussed his plan Daniel left to find the young priest.  Together, they found Betty still fussing over Larby.  Daniel listened to the young priest translate his question; he was beginning to understand Larby's language.  The words were similar but the way they were spoken was different.  It was easier to get the sense of the words when spoken by the young priest but Larby's speech was also making some sense now.  The weather would stay good for at least another sunrise.
Larby asked a question.  Daniel could not make sense of the question and had the young priest explained, "He would know if we are to start fishing?"
"I know not of fishing in the sea but I will speak to Captain John."
Daniel returned top side and was followed by Larby on his crutches, receiving help from Betty which he didn't seem to mind.  The crew was already busy removing the bark from the tree that Jeremy and those of the Forest had delivered.  Captain John was explaining how they would first move the temporary mast and use it to help raise their new mainmast.  The log had much taper and would need some trimming to fit, and new wedges would be needed to secure the mast.  Daniel watched the work proceed for a while and then asked Captain John about Larby's request to try fishing.
Captain John replied, "I am not a fisherman but if your stranger thinks he can catch fish we should try.  Our supplies are getting low and fresh food would be much appreciated."
Daniel found Larby and Betty sitting far forward watching the sea.  He repeated Larby's pronunciation of fishing and nodded his head in the affirmative.  Larby became excited and began speaking much too fast for Daniel.  He held up his hand and motioned Larby to follow; Betty followed along at his side.  The young priest was studying a small book in the main eating area and Daniel asked for help interpreting.  Larby needed fishing gear.  Daniel said, "I will have the guard whose wife's name is Martha see what he can find."
Hooks were soon made from nails and light line made by unwinding the strands of a heavier rope.  Larby used some red cloth to make a bait and one of the ballast stones for a weight.  Those of the Forest not working on the new mast watched closely as Larby played out the line.  The red cloth appeared as a bright colored fish swimming just below the surface.  Larby sat intently watching his bait with a long coil of the line next to him.  For about an hour nothing happened, then suddenly the water erupted as a large fish grabbed the bait and jumped completely into the air.  The fish had what appeared to be a sword extending from its upper jaw.  Larby was now playing out line as the fish dived deep below the ship.
Daniel now understood the thick calluses on the stranger's hands.  Most of the line had been grudgingly played out when the young stranger began slowly pulling the huge fish back to the surface.  Three more times, each with somewhat less vigor, the fish sounded below the boat with the line gradually played out and then pulled back in.  With the fish now spent, the question of raising it up to the deck became the issue.  Captain John had reduced sail power to a minimum.  Larby asked for two ropes, even before the young priest interpreted the request, hands were returning with the rope.  Tying one end of each rope to the gunnel cleat, Larby tied one of the ropes into a loop around his chest and the other into a slipknot.
His intentions were now obvious, and while one of the Forest held tightly onto the fishing line, Larby climbed over the gunnel and was lowered down the stern of the ship.  When he reached the surface Larby try placing the loop with a slipknot over the great fish's tail.  Every time the rope touched the fish it would become active and thrash the water.  It was only on the seventh try that Larby succeeded.  The rope was cinched up tight and Larby was lifted aboard.  Those of the Forest wanted to immediately hoist the great fish aboard but Larby instead relaxed the fishing line so that the great fish was now being dragged backwards through the water.  In a short time all struggles ceased and Larby ordered the fish raised aboard the ship.
Willing hands hauled the creature aboard.  It was much longer than even those of the Forest were tall and weighed more than a large deer.  Everyone on board came to look at the creature, especially the sword built into the fish’s snout.  Captain John allowed the gawking but then ordered, "Back to work or we'll never see home again."
Larby and a few of the Forest were left to dress the creature.  Daniel asked what the great fish was called and Larby's response was translated as, "Fish of the sword.  It is the best of all eating fish."
The butchering of the fish was begun.  Daniel asked what part treated the goiter and Larby responded by reaching below the heart and pulling out a fist full of fish guts.  He handed the blob of tissue to Daniel who began teasing it apart.  Amongst the fatty tissue were several small gland-looking things any of which could have been the thyroid.  Daniel asked Larby which gland treated the goiter.  Larby responded with a gesture of eating the whole mass of tissue and said, "Eat all."
As Larby and those of the Forest cut the great fish into slices, Daniel teased out the gland-looking things and split them open.  The paler one seemed to look a bit like thyroid tissue and Daniel carefully sliced it into thin strips, which he placed in the sun to dry.  He would test the tissue for iodine when they got home, if they got home.
Those working to butcher the great fish stopped their work and went to help raise the new mast which was tilted up and dropped into the hole in the deck.  While those below set the base of the mast, those above pounded wedges to fix the mast to the opening in the deck.  Soon those of the Sea were climbing the mast and attaching lines fore and aft as well as port and starboard.  The sun was setting as the first sail was raised on the new mast.  Captain John kept the sail partially furled but the ship's speed was noticeably improved with the new mast.  As the darkness completely overtook them they continued sailing north, far out from shore.  Captain John's fatigue was obvious and Heather ordered the first servings of their fresh fish brought to him.  She said, "You have done much, eat and then sleep.  We need you to be rested."
Captain John objected, saying he would take the night watch.  Heather said, "I will take the first four hours while you get some sleep.  You can take the watch after that."
Captain John took a big bite of the fresh fish and nodded his head saying, "This is good stuff, almost like eating some sort of wild game.  Your plan makes sense; I could use a little sleep.  You must feel the ship, a change in feel occurs long before any change is visible, especially at night.”
Captain John was yawning throughout his meal and no sooner finished when he left to get a little sleep.  Heather stood in the darkness concentrating on the feel of the ship.  The seas were gentle and the movement of the ship was almost pleasurable.  She thought of the storm the crew had endured and wished not to experience such herself.  The storm had even shaken Captain John.  She tried sitting but could not feel the ship nearly as well.  She stared off in the darkness but there was nothing to see except the stars which were blackened intermittently by clouds.  She kept the star of the north just to the left of her forward vision.
Daniel arrived with a plate of hot food.  She allowed him to take the helm while she ate.  Captain John was right, the fish did taste almost like some wild game.  Daniel was not very adept in maintaining his direction and she could feel the change in the ship.  She hurried her meal and retook the helm.  Daniel was still excited about another possible source of iodine but Heather's mind was concerned more with the danger represented by the strangers who had invaded Larby's people.  Their talk was mostly superficial until Daniel asked, "Why did the invaders act so brutally?"
Heather answered, "To establish total control.  They obviously were demonstrating their superiority thereby preventing any resistance.  They are a dangerous enemy and I'm afraid their goal is subjugation of our peoples."
"But why?"
Heather took a moment to answer saying, "They want our sacred water." She added, "I'm sure now, this ship was built for transporting the sacred water from the Southern Kingdom."
"Why not just establish trade?" 
"They must consider themselves so superior, others matter not.  They want all of the sacred water, not just some."
Daniel was quiet for some time, watching the partial moon slowly rise to the east.  He asked at last, "You are expecting a major war with those of the Red Ambassador?"
"Yes, Daniel of Issip.  I fear greatly for our peoples."
"What is it they wanted from Larby's people, they have no sacred water?"
Heather answered somewhat slowly, "A good question, may be just safe harbor but more likely a source of supplies.  We need to question your young stranger about this.  His answer will provide a major clue to their plans."
Daniel sat with Heather, watching the moon ascend.  Violence was not the way of the Forest and confronting those who would bring such violence into their world would change the very nature of the Forest.  Yet his people would suffer terribly if subjugated as were Larby's.  Deprived of the sacred water, their way of life would end.  They could survive as scattered small groups only if other sources of the iodine could be found, otherwise they would not survive as a people.
Daniel shared the entire watch with Heather.  They spoke relatively little and mostly shared the peacefulness of the night.  When the sea was at peace it was incredibly soothing.  It was a chance for thinking.  Daniel's thoughts were of the Forest and of the life he would share with his bride.  Then images of the brutality towards Larby's people would invade his thoughts.  He refused to let them dominate and would force his mind back to the peacefulness of the Forest.  Enough war and suffering had been caused by the Red Ambassador, they needed not more.  An image of his young bride with her long blonde hair streaming behind her as she led a charge on her horse against an invading army suddenly filled his mind.  There was no doubt that this warrior of his would lead the battle.  He shuddered and Heather asked, "Daniel of Issip, what bothers you so?"
Daniel placed his arm around Heather's waist and held her tightly saying, "I had an awake dream and you were leading a charge on your horse against an army.  I fear for you."
Heather relaxed against the arm Daniel held her with saying, "As the God of the Sacred Water has ordained, so be it.  I would you know that my love for you surpasses all."
They finished their watch in almost complete silence and when Captain John returned they said little of their thoughts.  Captain John said, "I needed the sleep and will take the watch now.  The ship kept steady; Princess, you could become one of the Sea."
Heather replied, "When the sea is at peace I enjoy her.  I am not sure I could handle a storm such as you experienced.  We leave you with your mistress and will again take the watch after the breaking of the fast in the morning."
The remaining hours of the night went quickly and the noise of the awakening ship had Daniel and Heather soon awake.  After Heather completed the morning ritual with Betty, they rejoined and broke fast together.  Daniel, with the help of the young priest, learned from Larby the intent of the invaders.  Larby's people were being forced to stockpile a huge quantity of fish.  To meet the quotas, their own food supply had been severely curtailed and they had overfished their local waters, forcing them to venture far out to sea.  Such a venture had trapped him at sea and resulted in his shipwreck and injury.
With this new information, Heather again took the helm, telling Captain John, "The people of the Red Ambassador are forcing Larby’s people to stockpile salted fish.”
“How much fish”
“I understand not his dimensions but enough to fill several ships this size.”
“Food for an invading army?”
“So it would seem.”
Captain John stood by buried in his own thoughts.  Heather said, “Time for you to get some sleep.  I have the watch.”
“I guess my worrying helps us not.  I pray the God of the Sacred Water will guide us home safely.  Princess, I leave you the helm.  Maintain this tack and if land is spotted, come around forty-five degrees to port.  I would we stay just out of sight of land.  If the wind changes, wake me.”
That pattern was set and they continued sailing north just out of sight of land.  Captain John had been infected by Heather's fears.  Each evening, as he was finishing up the night watch, he would turn toward shore until the lookout spotted land and immediately again sail away from the land.  The weather had remained fairly peaceful with only minor storms to disrupt their comfort, yet they were making slower headway than their trip south.  They had been sailing for over two weeks when Larby began to worry about the weather.  Sunset had been spectacular with an unusual amount of deep red in the sky.  By morning, the sky to the southwest was looking ominous.
Captain John sailed closer to the shore looking for a landmark he would recognize.  When Heather presented to assume the watch he said, "I think your stranger is right about the weather.  We should be near the mountains with the protected anchorage.  I will stand the watch for now."
Heather responded, "I would help."
"Work with your Daniel and the pictures he has drawn to see if you can determine our position.  If my calculations are wrong we will need to ride out the storm at sea."
He added," I am still not confident about our repairs."
Heather found Daniel and relayed Captain John's request.  Jeremy was all too happy to drag Daniel up the tall mast for a better view.  This was not at all like climbing the tall trees of the Forest.  Those trees from long ago swayed with the wind enough to be pleasurable to a youth, his perch now markedly amplified the movement of the ship.  To Daniel's surprise, he kept his morning meal down.  They sailed several hours before Daniel was sure of his drawing.  They were approaching the anchorage of the fierce willowaws.  Jeremy called down, "Ahead is the anchorage we seek."
Heather called back, "Jeremy of Issip, bring down my Daniel.  You have done enough for now."
The winds had begun picking up with earnest; the pitching and rolling on the deck was bad enough.  Being sixty feet in the air magnified the effect, making the move down the mast much more difficult than the climb up.  When Daniel's feet finally touched the deck it seemed solid when compared to the movement of the mast.  He told Jeremy, "As a youth climbing with you was a joy, I need not climb the mast again."
Jeremy responded with a huge smile, "You did appear a bit green around the edges up there.  Wait until I tell those of the Forest you could not handle a little sixty foot climb."
Their bantering was interrupted when Heather said, "I would those of the Forest prepare for a possible battle."
Daniel asked, "A battle against whom?"
"The other ships of the Red Ambassador.  If they have been looking for us they may also seek shelter in this cove."
Daniel was silent for a moment before asking, "You would do battle against two of their ships?"
"If we must, we will.  They are of the Sea, our best chance would be to land and fight them ashore.  We can not outrun them because our ship is not whole, but I will not surrender to them.”
Jeremy spoke up saying, "It would be a hard journey overland but possible.  There is life enough in this desert to sustain our party if water can be found."
Heather concentrated hard on her planning and said, "A better plan, if we can survive the desert rather than die fighting, our mission will be successful." She added, "Prepare everyone for the journey.  I will speak to Captain John.  If the enemy ships have taken shelter we will ground our ship and continue over land.  We need to warn our peoples."
Heather went and spoke to Captain John.  He agreed with her assessment but said, "I and my crew are of the Sea, we can not travel on land like those of the Forest."
"Hopefully, I plan without cause.  If we do need to proceed through the desert those of the Forest will provide for us.  It will be a hard journey but your crew will make it."
They stood together watching the waves crash against the shore and Captain John said, "I will run the ship aground on the far side of the cove.  My crew will have little time to prepare."
"By the God of the Sacred Water, I hope my planning is unnecessary."
Amidst the confusion of preparation, Captain John sailed the ship into the cove.  It was empty and everyone said a prayer of thanks to the God of the Sacred Water.  While Captain John worked with his crew to drop anchor, Heather worked with her planning.  The winds howled overhead but only a light rain was falling.  She interrupted Captain John to ask, "Could some of the Forest go ashore and look for signs before the rain comes in earnest?”
“I’ll have one of the boats lowered in a few minutes.  If the wind picks up, they may need to stay ashore.”
“Not a problem.  I may even post a lookout on the headlands to watch for the enemy.”
Heather went below to confer with those of the Forest.  She allowed three to go ashore.  Two would stay ashore as lookouts on the headland leading to the protected cove, the other would return and report.  As always, Jeremy was one of the volunteers saying, “A chance to be ashore would be worth getting a little wet.  Would be nice if there was a tavern close by.  What am I looking for?”
Heather answered, "Signs of someone else having landed.  If those of the Red Ambassador had spotted our ship after the last storm they will be looking hard for us.  I think it not a coincidence they showed up at the island." 
While those of the Forest were gone, those aboard ship continue to prepare for an overland journey and possible battle.  The sun was nearly down when the boat was pushed off from the shore and began making its way back to the ship.  Jeremy was alone in the boat and worked hard to try and row straight.  When he climbed back aboard he said, “It is not as easy to row in the wind as those of the Sea make it appear.”
Heather asked, “Any signs?”
“Several tracts, maybe two or three days old.  Wearing boots with a funny shaped sole.  They stayed pretty much down on the beach and did not try the cliffs.  We marked a trail up the cliff to the headlands, we will only have a few minutes warning if another ship appears.” 
"The watch is set?"
Jeremy replied, "There was no way to set up a relay because of the cliff.  We will need to watch the cliff to the south for a signal fire.  Hopefully, the clouds will not lower below the cliff tops." He added, "Traveling will be pretty easy once we reach the high ground.  The ground is open with only moderate slopes."
Heather said, "Hopefully no ships will appear." She thought for a moment and added, "Establishing a land route may be worthwhile.  Do you think some of those of the Forest could mark a trail to the Southern Kingdom?"
Jeremy asked, "Was it not just two days of sailing to reach this anchorage?"
"About."
"I would think that it would be less than a week's journey by foot, less once the trail was established.  Water will be the main issue, definitely doable.  A group of four could scout the trail and look for possible water sources and still make good time."
Heather said, "I would this be done.  Those of the Red Ambassador seem to be searching for us, and splitting up would ensure the warning reaches our peoples." She added, "The trail might allow us to develop a method of advance warning of an invasion to the Southern Kingdom using your mirror signals."
Jeremy asked, "When would you have me set out?"
Heather listened to the rigging whistling and snapping in the wind and said, "My heart says immediately but my mind says wait until morning." After a pause she added, "But not you, Jeremy of Issip.  Let others do this exploring; another journey is awaiting us."
Both Jeremy and Daniel pushed for more information but Heather declined saying only, "My planning is not yet finished.  Prepare those of the Forest who are willing to explore overland and pray to the God of the Sacred Water for theirs and our safety."
Nobody slept well that night.  Despite the protection of the mountains, the wind continued to whistle through the rigging and the ship tossed and turned on the anchor.  By dawn things had settled down a little and four of those of the Forest set out with a letter to Jason, King of the Southern Kingdom.  They were heavily loaded with supplies and water.  Heather and Daniel watched them being put ashore, standing side-by-side.  Heather said, "I fear for them.  It is hard to send others on a journey I know will be perilous."
Daniel said nothing and just held her closer.  Captain John came up to them looking like he had slept little.  He said, "The wind has shifted enough to the north that we could sail out from here."
"You think the storm is finished?"
"Not finished yet, but manageable.  I too fear being found by the other ships."
Heather said, "Let us prepare to depart.  I will have the lookouts on the headlands brought back.  Those of the Forest should be ready to depart within the hour."
Captain John said, "We set sail in an hour.  The ride will be rough but better than being trapped here."
It was a rough ride and the sickness of the sea again made its appearance.  As nightfall approached, the winds finally began diminishing, but only a little.  It was two more days and nights of sailing in the rough seas before they finally turned into the river of the Southern Kingdom.  Those of the Forest gave thanks for the safety and calmness of the river.
Heather debated trying to maintain some level of secrecy, but the ship needed repair.  Captain John was adamant, "She is a good ship and I will not risk her to the sea if she can be repaired properly."
The decision made, they sailed to the harbor of the Southern Kingdom.  They had been gone almost two months and spring was already in the air of the Southern Kingdom.  The ship had no sooner been secured than a messenger arrived from King Jason inviting them to the palace.  It was mid-afternoon and Heather replied to the messenger, "Report back to King Jason; we would be honored to share a meal with him."
Heather asked Daniel how they could keep their accomplishments from the spies who almost certainly still existed in the Southern Kingdom.  Daniel replied, "By our presence and the condition of our ship it is plain that we have had an adventure.  Our future plans are the only real secret and even I do not know what they are."
Heather objected, "I have not finished by planning.  I mean not to keep things from you."
"Heather of the Northern Kingdom, I and those of the Forest trust you.  We will do as you say and you need not share your planning with us.  It is probably best that the secret is kept with you."


Chapter 13

Those of the Forest arrived at the palace soon after darkness had become complete.  They were escorted directly to the banquet hall and greeted by King Jason.  Heather had Jeremy present the hide of the large flightless bird to the King.  The joy in his eyes was obvious as he replied, "To see such a creature as the myths of old have described, what joy.  I would you tell me all about the creature after we have dined."
Heather next had Betty escort the most shy Larby forward, holding the sword of the mighty fish he had caught.  Larby was proficient with his crutches but his shyness required Betty's help in moving forward.  He held out the sword to King Jason without ever lifting his head.  King Jason gently accepted the gift and asked, "Who would this stranger be and what sort of gift has he brought me?"
Betty spoke up saying, "Larby is one of the fishing people who live at the end of the earth.  He has given you the sword from the monstrous fish he caught for us."
"A fish with a sword? Oh what a wondrous world we live in.  I must hear more, but first let us eat."
By Jason's standards it was a simple meal but to those who had become accustomed to shipboard food it was a feast.  The peppery spice of the Southern Kingdom was evident in almost all the dishes.  Ale and wine flowed freely.  When it came time for the stories, Jeremy assumed his natural place as the storyteller.  Heather was fidgeting and Daniel asked in a low whisper, "What is the matter, my love?"
Heather responded, "I wish I would have instructed Jeremy to avoid discussing the other ships." 
Daniel reassured her, "He is the storyteller, you will have to trust him to tell the story without giving out any secrets."
Daniel found himself truly relaxing in the safety of the palace, with the comfort of some ale and his bride at his side, listing to his friend tell their story.  As always, seeing the story through Jeremy's eyes was a new perspective.  At times he laughed so hard, tears formed in his eyes.  When the story progressed to the amputation of Larby's leg, Daniel began to appreciate a little of the stress others experienced when involved with his healing.  The stench in the cave was just part of the disease to him, but listening to Jeremy it was the most obnoxious thing in the world.  Jeremy's description of burying the amputated leg made everyone else shudder whereas he had hardly considered it.
Daniel felt Heather tense up again when the story came around to their departure from the island.  Jeremy wove the story without ever mentioning the other two ships.  When Heather relaxed he poured her a little more ale saying, "Time to relax.  Tomorrow you can plan with Jason."
Heather squeezed his hand and actually seemed to relax, at least partially.  When Jeremy's story began to describe the great fish Larby had caught, he had Larby stand and pretend to be catching a fish.  Maybe it was the ale, but Larby seemed to understand the story and played out his part with great gusto.  When the tale of the great fish was completed, everyone roared their approval and Larby gave a small bow, his shyness having made the story all that much better.
The evening was not yet late but both Heather and Daniel were yawning.  Jason was sensitive to their fatigue and said, "I as King hereby decree that our newlyweds be excused from these proceedings so they can hopefully get some sleep."
Heather blushed at the attention and when Daniel stood and took a small bow, they received a round of applause.  Taking Heather by the hand, he led the way back to the room they had used after their wedding feast.  As he was opening the door Heather said, "I should remember this room with joy but it seems dominated by the Red Ambassador."
Pushing the door fully open, Daniel scooped Heather up in his arms and carried her into the room.  He used his foot to close the door behind them and said, "You, Heather of the Northern Kingdom, are my bride and for tonight we leave the fighting behind us and the planning for tomorrow."
"And you Daniel of Issip are my husband for whom I can now let my hair down.  I would always be in your arms."
The lamp by the bed was not even turned up, and soon the light of dawn was coming through the window.  Heather got up quietly and completed her morning ritual, listening to the breathing of sleep coming from her Daniel.  Her childhood stories of falling in love as a young maiden did not compare with the joy she felt being with her Daniel.  How did this healer from the Forest make her feel so complete? Was it a special gift from the God of the Sacred Water? She found herself humming and then the memory of losing him while returning from the tavern entered her consciousness.  Her humming stopped and the anxiety within her began to build.  Those of the Red Ambassador would put an end to this joy.
She sat by the window and the morning light and finished preparing for the day.  Her thoughts were now of the danger they faced.  Those of the Red Ambassador were the greatest danger their peoples had faced.  They posed a danger from the sea and also from across the ice field.  If she were planning the invasion, it would involve a dual-pronged attack with little separation in time to prevent a consolidation of the forces of resistance.  The time was still too early for Jason.  The morning light and Daniel's breathing combined to produce a state of calmness.  Things seemed more obvious.  If those of the Red Ambassador were forcing Larby's people to store up food, an attack by sea was obvious.  To prevent those of the Northern Kingdom from coming to aid those of the South, a second attack would be required.  Protecting the known and the secret passage separating the two kingdoms would be relatively easy.  An attack over land made the most sense.
The stranger Daniel had found frozen in the crevasse proved they knew how to cross the ice field.  If an army could be moved across the ice field, they would sweep through the lands of those of the Forest and attack the Northern Kingdom from their least protected side.  They would gain control of the sacred water and even a small force coming from the east would pose a threat to the Northern Kingdom.  Heather's vision of the threat was becoming complete.  Now she needed a plan to counter the threat.  Daniel's stirring brought her back to the present.
Daniel looked at the daylight and said, "I have slept in.  It could have been the ale." His face broke into a smile as he added, "Or the joy of being with you."
After having broken the fast with others in the kitchen they met up with Jason in his chambers.  For the first hour or so, Jason plied Daniel with questions about the flora and fauna of the world they had explored.  When Arthur joined them, the talk quickly turned to the threat from those of the Red Ambassador.  It was Heather's turn to answer questions and explain the details of the risk she foresaw.  The description of how badly Larby's people were treated made Jason cringe.  Arthur saw it as a military tactic and was more interested in the amount of salted fish Larby's people were to supply.
Jason asked, "You have had time to ponder these things; what do you foresee?"
Heather replied, "A devastating attack on your kingdom from twnty ships with their advanced armament.  Simultaneously, an invasion of the Forest from the ice field, with capture of the sacred water; followed by an attack on the eastern border of the Northern Kingdom."
Silence settled onto the room and only after several minutes did Arthur respond, "A logical scenario which would prevent any of our peoples from helping others.  You see control of the sacred water as the reason for the invasion?"
Daniel spoke up saying, "Those of the Red Ambassador certainly know of our dependence on the sacred water and it would seem that the ship we have used was made purposely for transporting the sacred water."
Jason asked, "Do those of the Red Ambassador seek subjugation or elimination of our peoples?"
A heavy silence was broken only when Heather responded, "They are the same."
Arthur asked, "Your plans for a defense?"
Heather said, "Those of the Forest are creating a trail to the headlands of the protected anchorage which was two days sailing to the south.  By using relay stations and their signaling mirrors they will provide a day of warning.  We must support them with supplies and relief crews.  You must create defensive armament along the river."
Jason asked, "Will those of the Forest fight?"
Daniel responded, "Those of the Forest will do as they always have and will resist indirectly.  There may be some remaining who will join with us under Heather of the Northern Kingdom but it will not be many."
Arthur said, "The passage of the sea between here and the Northern Kingdom will need to be made more secure."
Heather's vow of secrecy regarding the second passage caused her to hesitate before she replied, "There are two passages of the sea; both are known to those of the Red Ambassador."
Arthur's intensity increased even further but Jason was lost in thought for a moment before saying, "The ancient writings mention another passage to the west.  Is this the one you speak of?"
Jason's knowledge of the second passage relieved Heather of the guilt she had for breaking her vow and she replied, "It is a much more treacherous passage and will be easily defended."
Arthur wanted to know how she had come of the knowledge but Heather deferred the tale to another time.  When asked about her immediate plans she responded, "I would send messengers to my father and travel directly to the Forest." After a pause she added, "I would expect spies of the Red Ambassador are still plentiful and I would leave as quickly as possible."
Jason asked, "You would travel in the winter?"
"I see no choice.  Preparations need to be made and I have yet much to learn for proper planning.  I would ask hospitality for Larby and Betty, for he is of a warm climate and not suited for winter travel."
Jason said, "The stranger from the end of the world is most welcome, I would think we have much to learn from him.  Will your Betty be willing to separate from you?"
"It would be best and she has developed a strong bond with Larby.  He trusts her and if we would learn from him we need this trust.  I will speak with her about it."
Arthur asked, "When would you travel?"
"At morning light on the day following."
Jason said, "I would you stay for the joy of your companionship.  Can preparations be made so quickly?"
Heather said, "If we can have access to your store rooms we will be ready."
"Whatever we have is yours."
“The ship of the Red Ambassador needs a speedy repair so to carry the message to my father."
Arthur spoke up saying, "Our crews are already at the ship.  We will do our best."
The meeting went on through the midday meal.  Heather and Daniel finally excused themselves to prepare for their departure.  Heather left Daniel to work with those of the Forest in preparing for the journey while she sought out Betty.  She and Larby were in the kitchen area.  Heather sat with them at the small table and enjoyed a cup of tea.  The subject of interest was finally brought up when Betty asked where they would be going next.  Heather said, "I need to journey to the Forest.  For you I have a different journey which is essential to protect our peoples."
Betty's face was a wild mixture of emotions as she digested what Heather had said.  She asked, "I not go with you?"
Heather most gently said, "I would you stay here with Larby.  He may hold the key to understanding our enemy and must be protected.  We travel in the winter and he is of a warm nature, I'm afraid he may not survive the cold."
"How long you be gone?"
"I don't know, probably until the snow melts in the mountains.  When the ship is repaired you may return to our home and your baby but you must take Larby with you.  I am trusting you to watch over him as you have watched over me."
Betty looked back and forth between Heather and Larby and tears were rolling down her cheeks.  Larby moved his chair next to hers and held her hands.  Heather had to blink back her own tears and just waited.  It was several minutes before Betty said, "I do it."
Heather got up to leave and gave Betty a big hug and could no longer restrain her own tears.  She took Larby's hand and placed it between Betty's and gave them both a smile mixed with her tears, then left them.
Daniel and Jeremy were discussing equipment and supplies when Heather returned.  The tears had not yet dried completely and when she saw Daniels look of concern she said, "I have told Betty she must stay with Larby.  I will miss her."
Before Daniel could comfort her she said, "How is the planning coming?"
Jeremy spoke up saying, "They have not much equipment for winter travel.  It is enough for a dozen people only."
Heather said, "I would a party of three be prepared to take Elrod to my father and the rest accompany us to the Forest.  Those remaining will need to join us again when Spring is upon the land.  Until then I would they stay with Betty and Larby."
Daniel asked, "Could not the guard whose wife's name is Martha, simply return with the ship?"
Heather responded, "The message is too important to trust one route.  If Elrod is willing, will some of those from the Forest also be willing?"
Jeremy said, "Not a problem."
Heather said, "I will speak first to Elrod and then I need to speak with Captain John."
Heather found Elrod and explained her request.  He replied, "Princess, I am pledged by my wife to help guard you.  For the sake of our people I will do as you ask."
Heather was amazed with the short response but gave him no time to elaborate saying, "Here is the letter for my father.  Tell him all that has gone on, especially the danger from those of the Red Ambassador.  I would no one else would learn of these things."
Elrod was about to speak but Heather interrupted him by giving him a kiss on the cheek for all he had done and for the hardship she was asking of him.  His face broke into a huge smile and he spoke not.  
Heather left to find Captain John.  When she arrived at the gate, several of the Forest were waiting for her.  They arrived at the ship to find Captain John talking with the shipwright.  Heather waited for a pause in the conversation to say, "A few words with you Captain John."
Captain John walked with her to the bow of the ship which was free of workmen.  Heather told him of her planned journey and her wish for the ship to return to the Northern Kingdom and report to her father.  Captain John objected, "You should not journey in the winter, the danger is too great."
"I do what I must.  Those of the Forest will care for me.  We face a great danger and I place my trust in you to inform my father and prepare for the battle I fear is coming."
The look on Heather's face told Captain John there was no arguing with her.  He replied, "I will do as you ask.  It will be at least two weeks before we're ready to sail."
"Make our ship sound, for I'm afraid she will have much to do.  Plan also how we can secure both passages from the ships of the Red Ambassador."
Captain John smiled and said, "Our secret passage is no longer a secret.  It was a good bargain and I was well-paid while it lasted.  Seems that part of my life is over now."
Heather said, "Our peoples owe you a great debt for what you have done and even more for what we will ask of you in the future." Heather glanced at the sun and said, "I must prepare.  Fair skies and following seas to you Captain John."
"Aye, and may the God of the Sacred Water watch over you on your journey.  Until we meet again, Princess."
Those of the Forest who had accompanied her joined again for the short trip back to the palace.  They arrived as the sun disappeared behind the mountains to the southwest.  Her room was almost filled with winter gear and clothes.  Daniel greeted her saying, "Now it is your turn to try on clothes.  These winter garments are probably too large, but if you wish to leave in the morning they will have to do."
Heather found herself dressed in furs from top to bottom.  The boots required several pairs of socks before they provided significant support.  When she was fully dressed she looked at herself in the mirror and could not help laughing saying, "I look like the bear Jeremy changed you into."
"But a very pretty bear."
Heather gave Daniel a smile which made him melt inside.  She asked, "How am I to walk in all of these clothes?"
Daniel replied, "We must prepare for the worst conditions.  Most of the time lighter clothing will be adequate.  When we reach deep snow we'll have to use sleds with snowshoes or skis."
Heather looked at herself again in the mirror and began taking off the heavy clothes saying, "I will do as you say, for I have never traveled in the winter."
The evening festivities went on longer than planned and Heather's group left a little later than morning light.  The smaller group, headed towards her father's kingdom, and Heather's group traveled together for several days.  As they climbed into the mountain pass separating the kingdoms, winter bore down on them in full force.  A winter gale kept them in camp for two days.  Those of the Forest spent time making sleds and reworking snowshoes.  By the time the weather broke, several new feet of snow were added to the existing snowpack.  Heather had difficulty with the snowshoes and was able to travel much easier using the skis.
On the tenth day they had a celebration during the evening meal.  In the morning they would divide into two groups, with Elrod and the smaller group descending the pass to the Northern Kingdom.  Heather and the larger group would continue ascending the mountains into the Forest.  Spirits were high and when the sky was clear the vista was almost overwhelming in its beauty.  Heather found she did not mind the winter travel; they were well prepared and made steady if somewhat slow progress.  Despite the fatigue of travel, Daniel’s spirits seemed to rise as they neared his homeland.  When they came to small villages, the people opened their homes to them and their graciousness almost overwhelmed Heather.  They had little but were willing to share all.
Daniel did some healing whenever they stopped, but for the most part they traveled hard.  On the last day they traveled into the night knowing a warm hearth awaited them.  They arrived at Daniel's small home well past the evening mealtime.  The fire was burning and the doorway cleared of snow.  Heather asked, "How did they know we would arrive tonight?"
Jeremy laughed saying, "It has something to do with your Daniel.  The townsfolk always seem to know when he's coming and have prepared his home for his arrival.  I think they're afraid he'll get cold and not be able to heal them."
The bantering continued for short while and then Jeremy announced, "Food and ale are awaiting in the tavern.  We will meet you there."
Daniel opened the door saying, "I would again carry you across the threshold but maybe we should wait for warmer weather."
Heather asked, "You prefer carrying me when I look not so bear-like?"
"I would carry you anytime, but with the snow there's not room."
Before he could continue, Heather gave him a kiss and moved through the doorway.  Her first impression of the space was it was just like her Daniel: simple but very comfortable.  The fireplace was made of smaller stones than the walls but otherwise seemed to grow directly from the building itself.  The main room had large wood beams supporting the roof and two smaller rooms led off to the side.  One was obviously the bedroom, and the other Daniel's room for healing.
Daniel helped her remove the heavy clothing.  Heather immediately wrapped her arms around Daniel saying, "I feel at home here."
Daniel returned her hug and said nothing.  He would be happy sharing this simple life but knew it was not to be at least for awhile.  They enjoyed each other's company as Daniel explained how the house was organized.  The growling of his stomach reminded them both that the time for the evening meal was long gone.  They donned their winter capes and proceeded to the tavern.  It seemed everyone in the whole village was inside the tavern, but room was made for them at the table with Jeremy.  Bowls of mutton stew and fresh bread were set before them along with mugs of ale.  The commotion continued around them as they enjoyed their meal.
There were no sooner finished when Jeremy spoke up saying, "I think it is time for Daniel to introduce his bride." 
A cheer went up which seemed to raise the roof a little.  Daniel stood, taking Heather's hand to help her up onto the table.  He joined her standing on the table, and said, "To my family and friends of Issip I present my wife, Heather of the Northern Kingdom."
A chant began, "We want a kiss! We want a kiss!"
Daniel obliged them and another cheer went up.  Daniel helped Heather down from the table and someone asked, "I would hear the story of the wedding kiss."
Daniel responded, "It is part of the story I do not remember.  I'll let Jeremy tell the tale."
Storytelling began in earnest.  The attention was now diverted to Jeremy, allowing Daniel and Heather to relax.  It seemed the night was getting quite late and still people stayed.  There was much to hear and Jeremy was full of energy.  Heather was fading and having trouble staying focused.  Daniel finally interrupted Jeremy long enough to bid everyone goodnight.  The cold night air was accompanied by a brilliant winter sky full of stars and walking home seemed almost enchanted.  Daniel stoked the fire as Heather prepared for bed.  Crawling under the quilt with her Daniel in their own home gave Heather a sense of satisfaction she had never before felt.
Morning came and Heather rose to complete her morning ritual.  She added some wood to the coals and the fire soon caught.  After her ritual was complete she tried to cook the morning meal to share the breaking of the fast with her husband.  Quietly opening cupboards, she found the cooking pot and a container of crushed oats.  She knew the oats were simmered in water but realized she knew not how.  She sat and looked at the pot, trying to decipher its mysteries.  Tears began running down her cheeks as she realized how unprepared she was for the role of wife.
Daniel found her several minutes later, still crying.  He asked what the problem was but her tears only increased.  All he could do was hold her and let her cry.  They sat thus for some time before Heather finally said, "I know not how to cook.  How can I your wife be?"
Daniel had the good sense not to laugh and replied, "I married you not for your ability to cook but for my love of you.  If you would learn to cook I will teach you."
"I would learn."
Explaining how he estimates the ratio of water to oats, Daniel started to put the water in the pot but Heather interrupted saying, "It would be best if I tried." She used a goblet to measure out the water for each of them and put it in the pot.
Daniel said, "Perhaps we should double the recipe because I would expect Jeremy to show up soon."
On schedule there was a knock on the door with Jeremy saying, "Is anyone up yet?"
Opening the door, Daniel was greeted by his friend who was carrying a loaf of fresh bread.  He handed Daniel the bread saying, "The baker's daughter sent this along to help us break fast together."
"The tall one with the reddish hair?"
When Jeremy nodded in the affirmative Daniel continued, "She has always liked you.  You two would look good together."
Jeremy laughed saying, "Just not too often."
Heather looked up from her measuring and said, "Jeremy of Issip, someday you will have to settle down."
"Someday, but not today.  What are we having for the morning meal?"
"If I've got the measuring right, we will be having crushed oats with a little maple syrup.  Some milk would be nice."
Jeremy opened the door and brought in a small bucket of milk saying, "Looks like that has been taken care of.  Fresh milk, fresh bread and cooked oats, sounds good to me."
Heather asked, "How do you pay for the food?"
"I've taken care of just about everyone in the village, most of the time they don't pay me, just bring me things.  Seems to work out okay."
Heather looked thoughtful and asked, "If you don't collect money how do you pay taxes?"
"We don't have taxes here."
"How does your government raise money to do things that need to be done?"
Jeremy and Daniel looked each other before Daniel said, "I don't know.  Maybe people just donate money when it is needed."
The morning meal was no sooner finished when people began to show up for healing.  Jeremy excused himself to make the rounds of his friends.  Heather worked to clean up while Daniel cared for his patients.  The really wasn't that much to clean but Heather savored every item and wondered how it related to her Daniel.  A patient late in the morning brought in more fresh bread and some soup.  Heather heated the soup and shared with Daniel the first quiet meal together in a long time.  They talked of nothing in particular and mostly just enjoyed each other's company.  More patients arrived in the early afternoon and Heather busied herself learning what she could of their new home while tending the fire.
The last of the patients had no sooner departed when Jeremy again showed up saying, "They're serving pork pie with dumplings at the tavern, let's go."
Off they went and the evening was again filled with storytelling.  It was not so late of a night when they returned to their small house.  The weather had worsened and it was snowing hard, but the house was still fairly warm.  Their bed seemed luscious with the warm quilts to protect them from the night’s chill.  Heather was uncertain how long they had slept when a knocking woke them.  Daniel turned up the light and opened the door to a young man from the next village.  Heather could not make out everything they were saying but enough to know that the visitor's wife was in trouble with birth.
Daniel began dressing for winter travel as he explained to Heather the problem.  Her concern was for both the mother and her Daniel and she asked, "Must you travel in such weather?"
Daniel replied, "I must.  It is a short way to their village.  I would hope to be home by midday."
With a simple kiss, Daniel left Heather to herself.  For some time the worry kept her awake but sleep returned.  She awoke to a morning whose light was dimmed by the heavy snow.  The wind still howled and the cottage was cold.  Building up the fire, Heather worked hard to not let her worries get the upper hand.  After she completed her morning ritual, breakfast was cooked.  Eating alone of the food she had cooked in their own house was a new experience, but her worrying overrode the joy of the moment.  Cleaning seemed to help control her worrying and so she again cleaned everything of the dust that had not yet built up from her last cleaning.
It was midday when she heard someone approaching and opened the door expecting Daniel.  The sight of Jeremy greeted her and the disappointment on her face must have been obvious because Jeremy said, "Sorry I'm not Daniel, but I did bring lunch."
"Jeremy, I do worry and Daniel said he would be back by midday."
Jeremy laughed and said, "When it comes to healing your Daniel does not have a good sense of time.  After lunch I will check on him."
Holding the door for Jeremy to enter, Heather said, "I would not ask you to travel in such weather."
Jeremy replied, "Seems it is my lot in life to look after Daniel.  It is just a short way to the other village; besides, the weather seems to be letting up a bit."
After lunch Jeremy brought in some more wood and disappeared into the swirling snow.  The storm seemed unchanged to Heather except for maybe some reduction in the sound of the wind.  Now she was worried about both Daniel and Jeremy.  Darkness was overtaking the grayness of the day when again she heard people approaching.  Opening the door this time she was greeted by her Daniel and Jeremy.  Despite being covered in snow they were laughing.  Heather ushered them inside and helped hang their outer clothing up before asking, "How is the mother and baby?"
Daniel’s mood turned somber and he explained, "The mother will recover but weakness will be a problem for a while.  I was not able to save the baby."
Not knowing what to say, Heather let the silence voice her concern.  Jeremy stepped in and changed the mood by saying, "They're serving mutton stew tonight at the tavern, I think I'll go eat before they run out."
Daniel asked, "Before they run out of ale or stew?"
Laughing Jeremy replied, "Either would be a problem but a shortage of ale would seem the more serious.  Of course, if the weather keeps the serving girls from showing up and the old man ends up serving, it won't matter."
Daniel replied, "I need to rest up a bit and then will try to join you."
After Daniel had settled into his chair and taken the cup of tea, Heather said, "I'm sorry about the baby."
The sadness was obvious on Daniel's face as he replied, "I wish I could heal everyone but it just doesn't work that way.  I asked my grandpa how he coped with his patients dying and I'm just beginning to understand what he meant."
"What did he say when you asked?"
"He said that it wasn't possible to cope, you just had to go on with your work."
Heather's thoughts went back to the man dying in her arms during her first attack and realized the truth in his grandpa's statement.  They sat together in front of the fire enjoying the quiet comfort of each other.  It was the growling in Daniel's stomach that ended the moment; it was time to eat.  They bundled up and went to join Jeremy at the tavern.


Chapter 14

The weather improved significantly over the next three days.  The sun was now high enough in the southern sky to hold forth the promise of Spring.  Daniel’s work kept him busy, but Heather was starting to feel confined as much by her lack of responsibility as anything else.  She used the time to plan but just did not have enough information to formulate a complete plan.  No one was surprised when the messenger arrived requesting their presence and that of the young priest at the Forest Council.  The evening meal at the tavern was a celebration of their being home, and a goodbye until they could return again.
At first light the four of them set out.  The cold was still deep enough for the snow to squeak when they walked on it.  With Heather and the young priest on their skis and Jeremy and Daniel with their snowshoes pulling sleds, they made steady progress.  The weather held and four days later they arrived at the Forest Council site.  Room was made for them in the small village, which was already overflowing with others attending the Council.  Jeremy decided not to attend the meeting and left the three of them to enter the Council headquarters without him after the morning meal.
The meeting started almost immediately without any formal call to order.  Daniel was asked to introduce Heather and the young priest.  The chair of the Council summarized briefly the events of the recent war and then asked Heather for a report.  Saying, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom, your service to the people of the Forest and all of our peoples has been noted in this Council.  We ask you now for a report on your recent voyage of exploration and thoughts of the future."
Heather stood before this group of strangers and at first was unsure how to start.  The memory of the attack on her father by the Red Ambassador came surging into her mind and she started her story at that point.  Having never been comfortable with public speaking, she was unaware of how forceful her story was.  Her thoughts and planning just kept coming out and for the next two hours she dominated the Council with only occasional questions to interrupt her flow of thoughts.  When she finished explaining how she felt those of the Red Ambassador would attack from both the frontier and the sea, she just stopped talking.
Heather's report was greeted by silence and for a moment she feared she had offended everyone in the Council.  Looking at Daniel, she was greeted by a nod of approval and then the chair spoke up saying, "A most frightening report well given.  I open the Council for discussion."
Questions began in earnest, only some of which Heather could answer.  When the old priest and archivist stood, everyone else became quiet.  He said in his scratchy voice, "I would hear more of this fishermen from the end of the world and of his language."
Heather was not sure what else to say and looked questioningly at Daniel.  The young priest responded by rising to his feet and saying, "I will try and remember." He then began speaking in the tongue of the stranger.
Heather and Daniel were amazed because their young priest sounded just as the stranger had.  For many minutes everyone was hypnotized by the sounds of the stranger from the end of the world.  When he was finished the old priest said, "You remember well my son.  The tongue you speak is very ancient and probably the mother of our speech.  It is as the ancient scrolls describe."
When the chair asked him to explain, the old priest said, "A single reference describes a people more ancient than ourselves who were forced from their lands because of an invasion.  The scroll is damaged and I have not been able to decipher the remainder."
The young priest timidly spoke up asking, "Is this the scroll that also speaks of the cave of knowledge in the ice?"
The old priest became excited and his voice sounded young as he asked, "You know of this scroll, is your copy intact?"
Young priest explained, "It is a copy which I studied at the palace of the Southern Kingdom.  I know not if it is authentic."
The old priest said, "You remember well and I would explore your memory to reproduce this scroll, if you're willing."
Heather spoke up saying, "If we are to survive we must know our enemy better.  I would have this knowledge you speak of.  Where is this cave of knowledge?"
The old priest responded saying, "I have studied this issue for many years and remain uncertain if it really exists.  The description would place it somewhere on the northeast portion of the ice field.  The cave is in a mountain rising above the ice which looks like the head of a fish."
Heather asked, "Can those of the Forest search out this cave of knowledge before the summer sun could allow an invasion across the ice field?"
One who wore the garb of the hunters’ guild but who was no longer young, rose and said, "I have studied the reports of last summer's crossing.  It would be possible if the God of the Sacred Water would grant us a break in the weather and if the traders’ guild could establish staging points with supplies."
"An arduous task but we traders would be willing.  The camp at the old copper mining area has already been reestablished as a supply point.  From there we could establish a series of supply caches up to the ice field vertical wall.  The reports from the traders who crossed the ice field last summer would seem to make it beyond our capability to establish caches on the field itself."
The chair asked Heather, "What would you learn in this cave of knowledge which would help you know our enemy better?"
Heather was slow to answer as she tried to answer to herself first.  She replied, "The history of our people’s first days is unclear to me but it seems likely we were refugees of a previous war.  If that war were fought against those of the Red Ambassador, I would know why we lost.  Without this knowledge our planning remains incomplete and we would risk losing again." She added, "I would see this ice field myself to properly plan a defense."
The older hunter asked, "You would plan a battle on the ice field?"
Heather responded, "Rather a means of slowing their progress and maybe forcing them to take the route of the gorge.  I would rather an army not be allowed to enter the Forest."
The discussion became one of supporting the winter expedition.  Darkness had fallen when the vote was finally taken to support the winter expedition.  A few spoke out against, but most in support.  The chair closed the Council until morning and those attending dispersed.  For three days more the Council met and planned.  Some of the agenda items were purely local but most dealt with the coming hard times.  For Heather, it seemed a little inefficient to have so many involved in making decisions but she could understand how the support of a decision reached was more complete.  It was a different system from what she had grown up with, but one that obviously worked.
The final item before closing was Daniel’s powder.  The chair requested Daniel oversee the production of another batch of the powder.  Daniel rose and said, "The power of the powder will almost certainly be needed in the coming hard times.  If my bride is to travel to the ice field I would travel with her."
A member of the miners’ guild stood and said, "I would move that the responsibility of producing this explosive powder be transferred to the miners’ guild."
Other guilds spoke up stating their desire to assume responsibility for the production and gave reasons which all seemed valid.  The discussion seemed to be destined for endless debate when the chair asked the old priest for advice.  The old man was somewhat slow to respond rising slowly to his feet.  He said, "Such power as this knowledge represents will be difficult to contain.  Those with such knowledge will face the same danger Daniel faced with his kidnapping.  The choice of another healer who would have no vested interest would seem logical.  A member of the church priesthood would be another consideration but only as a secondary choice."
The discussion seemed to go in several directions at once but the chair restored some semblance of order by saying, "The chair will assume the responsibility for appointing an apprentice to Daniel who is either a healer or of the priesthood." He continued, "Is there other business to come before the Council?"
Several voices could be heard but nobody was making any specific motions and the chair said, "This Council is now closed."
Nobody seemed in a hurry to leave and with everyone talking at the same time, the noise level made talking difficult.  Daniel and Heather were making their way through the doorway when the old priest caught up with them.  Once outside where quiet was again soothing to their ears, the old priest said, "I would have you walk with me."
Heather looked at Daniel who nodded and she responded, "It would be an honor."
The old priest led the way at a surprisingly quick pace.  He spoke of little until they were out to the village and then said, "The memory of the young priest who accompanies you is good.  I would you take him with you as you explore the ice field.  If you find the cave of knowledge, trust him to remember." They were nearing the small monastery near the village and he continued, "Your assessment of the coming hard times rings true to me and your help in preserving our Forest is a tribute to the goodness of all our peoples.  I give you my blessings and pray to the God of the Sacred Water for your success."
They walked on a little further in silence until the gate of the monastery was reached.  As the old priest opened the gate, he asked one more thing, "I would have your young priest study with me when these hard times are finished.  I am old and feeble and we need one such as he to carry on as archivist."
Heather thought of objecting to his self-description but instead said, "If it is possible we will arrange for his studies with you.  I thank you for your blessing and ask the God of the Sacred Water to continue bestowing upon you good health, for your knowledge is essential to all of our peoples."
The old priest nodded in appreciation and said, "Travel safely and plan well for I'm afraid we of the Forest are depending on your skills for our survival."
The old priest turned and entered into the monastery and his world of scrolls and prayer.  Heather and Daniel watched the old man move inside and then turned back towards the village.  They had walked most of the way back to the village before Daniel broke the silence by saying, "Well my love, it would seem our life as simple villagers has already come to an end.  I must admit I enjoyed sharing my village life with you but the God of the Sacred Water would seem to have other plans for us."
Heather squeezed his hand and said nothing until they were outside the tavern.  In a quiet voice she said, "I would the God of the Sacred Water allow us to spend our lives together, wherever that may be.  My fear of the hard times is held in check by my love for you and the strength that love gives me."
Further conversation was made impossible when the door was opened and Jeremy saw them.  It was a boisterous evening of storytelling with some music and dancing.  The night was late before they retired and Jeremy awakened them before dawn, ready to travel.  The weather was not so cooperative as they ascended into the higher country.  Some days they made only a few miles, but at least they made some progress every day.  They arrived at the mining camp at midday and were greeted by several of the traders’ guild.  Long low tents had been erected for storage of supplies.  The weather was still fairly severe and the snow needed to be removed regularly from the tent tops.
They settled into the small cabin and shared a meal with the traders.  Daniel and Jeremy resumed their routine of preparation and grinding of the powder.  On the third day a new group of traders arrived and with them was another healer somewhat older than Daniel.  He was from a village on the far side of the Forest nearer the Northern Kingdom.  He and Daniel knew not each other but their talk of healing and alchemy seemed to go on forever.  Heather and Jeremy continue to work hard preparing the ingredients for the powder but it seemed Daniel spent most of his time now teaching.  For Heather the experience of monotonous hard labor was entirely new and not enjoyable.  Having Daniel's free time taken up by his fellow healer just added to her frustration.
The monotony of hard work continued for several more days and just about the time Heather knew she wasn't going to be able to take it, a group of hunters showed up.  Many were with her in the Southern Kingdom and it was a joyous time of preparation for travel.  The traders had been coming and going establishing their supply caches, and several were traveling with them to stock supplies at the base of the ice field.  Others showed up to continue the work on the powder.  How their organizational structure worked remained a mystery to Heather, but it did work.  On the third day after the hunters arrived, they set out before dawn on their journey.
Their small cabin was filled with people eating and dressing.  The testosterone in the air of the small cabin seemed almost overwhelming to Heather.  When they moved outdoors the cold early-morning air tingled her nose and she pulled the scarf somewhat tighter around her face.  They were finally moving.  Heather carried her day pack and traveled on skis while most traveled with heavy packs and snowshoes while pulling sleds with additional supplies.  Despite traveling relatively light on a trail packed by those ahead of her, Heather was breathing hard.  Daniel sat by her during a break and asked how she was doing.  Heather replied, "I am traveling light, yet the breathing is difficult."
Daniel responded, "It is the thinness of the air.  I had hoped the working at the mine would have prepared you for this high country."
Heather laughed saying, "You mean you had me working so hard for my own good?"
"I know you are not used to the altitude.  The best way to adapt is to work hard.  I wanted you not to toil so hard but your body needed to adjust.  It is a difficult journey we are set upon."
"I would not be a burden to those of the Forest.  The hard work of turning your grinding wheel most certainly has strengthened my legs but my breathing yet seems difficult."
"You will adapt, but you must make sure you are taking in enough fluids.  Breathe through your nose as much as you can for it seems to limit the amount of moisture you lose.  I will have Jeremy slow his pace if you wish."
Heather thought of the heavy packs and sleds everyone else was burdened with and said, "I will keep up.  Our journey is just begun and I aim to see it completed."
The weather held with only occasional snow showers, but game remained very scarce.  They had traveled for over two weeks when Heather realized the terrain had changed and she had not seen a tree all day.  The landscape was just a sheet of undulating white, with the gray clouds of the sky above.  The snow was much more hard packed from the winds and traveling was actually easier.  They stopped just as dark was setting in and as they set up camp Jeremy said, "Double stake and rope your tents tonight, I'm not sure of the weather."
Daniel and Heather shared their simple meal with their companions and crawled into their tent.  Sleep came quickly because of their fatigue but the winds soon changed that.  The howling was enough to awaken the dead and the flapping of the canvas almost shook their bones.  Heather lay awake listening to the storm accompanied by Daniel's gentle snoring.  How he could sleep in the storm was unfathomable to her but the regular breathing of his sleep was reassuring.  She gradually drifted back to sleep.  Morning came with only a dense grayness to replace the darkness of night.  The wind had not let up and their tent sagged under the weight of the snow.
Heather completed the morning ritual while Daniel still slept.  Soon voices muffled by the heavy snow could be heard around the camp.  Daniel finally awoke and said, "Seems we're having a bit of a storm.  Did you hear the wind howling last night?"
"Yes my love.  I don't expect we will be traveling today."
Daniel got dressed and said, "Let me go check with Jeremy.  I suppose we will be eating our travel rations in the tent today."
Daniel exited the tent, allowing only a small amount of snow to blow inside.  The outside was a swirl of white.  He took a piece of cord and tied one end to their tent stake, and holding it, headed towards Jeremy's tent.  He walked off confidently, letting the cord out as he went.  He came to the end of his cord line and no tent and no Jeremy.  He retraced his steps by following the cord back and set off again in the direction of Jeremy's tent.  This time he called out and finally stumbled upon the tent almost buried in snow.  He tied the cord loosely to Jeremy's tent stake and entered the tent.  His outer clothes were already covered in snow.
Jeremy said, "Not sure why anyone would venture out on a day like today."
"Heather wanted to know what the planning was."
"Not much choice, we'll have to wait to the storm out.  I will check on everyone in a bit to make sure everything is secure.  I declare a day of rest."
They visited for a short while and then Daniel said, "I had better return to my bride or she will be worrying."
Jeremy laughed and said, "With good reason.  I heard you walk right by the tent but you did not even respond when I called out to you."
"Pretty hard to hear anything out there; glad I used the cord so I can find my way back.  Seems you taught me that trick when we were kids."
"Hope you tied a good knot or otherwise we will be searching for you in the snow drifts."
"One thing my surgical training taught me was to tie knots so I should be OK.  A day of rest will be nice." Daniel left Jeremy's tent and followed his cord back to Heather.  He scraped much of the snow off the tent before reentering.  He was now thoroughly covered with snow, despite his attempts to leave it outside.  Heather had crawled back under the sleeping robes but poked her head up enough to help brush him off.  They shared their travel rations and discussed the storm.  Gradually the conversation turned towards the future.  Daniel, by his nature and his upbringing in the Forest, did not tolerate worrying excessively about the future.  It would be what it would be, all they could do was their best.
Daniel changed the course of the conversation by asking, "Did the life of a simple village wife satisfy you?"
There was Heather's turn to be hesitant she replied, "Being with you was a dream but worrying about your patients and your travel to see them was hard.  I also seemed without purpose when you were not there."
Daniel was long in responding and Heather worried she had insulted him.  Finally Daniel responded saying, "Healing takes a toll not just on the healer but also on those who love him or her.  I would the burden was not so, but it is what it is.  I feel the God of the Sacred Water most certainly has a purpose for you; we just don't know what it will be."
Heather squeezed Daniel's hand and said nothing.  They spent the remainder of the day and night listening to the storm, resting and enjoying their love.  Morning came with only a small decrease in the wind but it was enough for Jeremy to get everyone moving.  Traveling in the heavy snow was even slower.  They were now roped together because visibility was a matter of a few feet in their swelling world of white.  Jeremy led the party, hunched over his compass, breaking trail.  After a few hours even his endurance was waning and another of the hunters took over the lead.  They continued their slow rotation and made several miles despite the weather.  Camp was called early that day and the tents were pitched close together with double stakes and ropes.  For three more days they repeated the cycle of travel in the swirling whiteness.
Finally the weather broke and the morning dawned with some color to the east, promising light skies.  Jeremy sent scouts ahead to try and locate the supply cache.  The rest continued east across the seemingly endless barren lands.  By midday the scouts had returned carrying heavy loads of supplies which were redistributed amongst their packs.  They made good progress that day.  As they made camp Jeremy said, "I would expect the cold will settle in for a while.  Travel will be easier but frostbite will become a problem.  Make sure your feet are dry."
The temperature that night plummeted and Heather found herself a little chilled despite Daniel’s warmth and the heavy sleeping robes.  Her morning ritual was brief and morning rations consisted of those foodstuffs they had placed under the sleeping robes to keep them from freezing.  The harshness of the land was evident now in the clear air.  The emptiness seemed to extend forever.  The sun was still fairly low in the morning sky when Jeremy called a halt.  He had everyone place their leather straps over their eyes.  Daniel explained to Heather the need to prevent the snow blindness.  Knowing the reason only partially lessened the discomfort of having her vision limited so much.  At each break Daniel made everyone inspect their companions for signs of frostbite.  The cold was so bitter that Heather found her eyelids would freeze together and she would have to use her bare hand to thaw them out but then her hand would chill.  Moving was the only way to stay warm.
Heather had lost track of time but it had to have been at least a week since she had seen a tree.  The numbing cold and the stark whiteness seemed to dull her thinking and she was planning not.  She just existed, moving forward on her skis and resting when told to do so.  Even Daniel’s presence was not enough to bring her fully alive.  It was only when the flat horizon was finally broken by the sight of a mountain that Heather regained some liveliness.  Scouts moved ahead to mark a trail to the pass and look for the supply cache.
It was late the next day when they arrived at the foot of the pass and Heather began looking at the ice cliff not as a challenge to ascend but rather as a defense structure.  She was planning again.  Daniel notice the difference and said, "Seeing the mountain close seems to have raised your spirits."
"I now have a purpose, I can plan a defense based on this cliff of ice.  It'll be hard for an army to descend this cliff with archers positioned below.  They will need protection from the arrows from above but a small force could hold off a much greater force here." 
Daniel looked at Heather in puzzlement and asked, "You would do battle here in the barren lands?"
Heather nodded her head as she thought and said, "We need to keep the enemy is far from the Forest as we can.  These horrible lands will make it difficult for us to supply and operate but even more difficult for our enemy.  If we cannot keep them from crossing the ice field we will fight them here."
Daniel was quiet for some time before replying, "I would the battle would never come but if it is as you say I will be at your side." He asked, "Could the powder be used to create a snow slide?
"Daniel of Issip, you are learning to plan well and have conceived an excellent plan.  If timed properly, a snow slide would trap even a large army at the base of this cliff.  We will need to explore the ice field above for a way of creating such a slide."
The evening meal was shared with a little extra enthusiasm because the traders had included a small supply of a berry pie in the cache they had hidden.  Fatigue prevented much celebration and Jeremy advised them they would be starting early.  It was well before dawn when Jeremy had them up and breaking down their camp.  The cold had moderated somewhat but this seemed to make Jeremy edgy.  When Heather asked of his concern he replied, "I'm afraid the warmer weather portends more snow.  We need to reach the top of the ice field before the snow sets in.  It will be hard enough traveling, we don't need another snowstorm."
Two of the hunters ascended the glacial ice face and lowered ropes.  With Heather now in the lead, the rest of the troop moved upwards with Jeremy guiding Heather's movements.  Despite the ropes from above, the going was hard and Heather had to concentrate on her pace to limit her breathing.  By the time she reached the top she was sweating.  As she recovered her breath she loosened her clothing trying to allow the excess moisture to escape to prevent the chill later.  While resting she looked out over the barren lands but could see nothing but the whiteness forever.
Jeremy resumed the lead and set a fairly hard pace moving them up the slope of the glacier.  The distance was not so great but because of the elevation it took them the rest of the day to reach the top of the ice field.  To Heather, the only difference from the barren lands was the only occasional crevice, otherwise it was still a featureless world of white.  During a rest period Daniel told her, "When we first crossed this ice field the blueness of the crevice was overwhelming to me, probably because it matched your eyes in color."
Heather squeezed his hand replying, "It is good there is some beauty in these lands.  I could not have imagined such harshness in our world.  It is good I have you, otherwise my spirit would be lost in this emptiness."
Their travel slowed even further as the weather turned against them.  When the weather allowed, Jeremy sent scouts ahead, searching for the mountain that was to look like the head of a fish.  They were traveling much more northerly than they had on the previous journey.  The snow bridges were frozen hard which tended to allow for easy travel over the crevices, most of the time.  At times they needed to create rope bridges to cross the open expanses.  For the most part Heather sank back into her existence mode and had long since lost any measure of time.  The featureless whiteness seemed to oppress her spirit and Daniel worried for her.
When the mountains of the eastern edge finally became visible, Heather seemed a little more alive.  Heather seemed to regain her spirit, when a scout reported spotting a mountain two days north, which resembled a fish's head.  The scouts worked hard to consolidate their information and the cave of the old priest was found.  Everyone now traveled with enthusiasm, for their goal was in sight.


Chapter 15
The cave was located on a wind-swept ledge several hundred feet above the ice field.  Debris from rock falls above had partially obscured the entrance.  It was two days’ work to clear the entrance enough to safely admit their party.  The protection from the wind alone was enough to celebrate, but the wonders they hoped were contained within were the goal.  Just inside the cave were a pair of heavy wooden doors which remained intact despite their ancient status.  Heather asked, "How can the wood be so well preserved if it is so ancient?"
Daniel responded, "I would expect the cold and dryness have protected the wood.  The ancient ones had great knowledge of alchemy; it is likely the wood has been protected with some chemical." 
There was no lock, just an inscription which the young priest translated as, "Enter in peace.  Knowing must continue for those of the right." He was unable to explain further.  
Jeremy wanted to immediately open the door but Heather said, "It says enter in peace; I would we plan a little more before entering.  We will camp here in the vestibule and ponder this mystery for the morning."
It was a festive, if austere, evening meal as they celebrated their accomplishment.  Heather was distant, lost in her planning.  It was not until they climbed into their sleeping robes when Daniel asked, "My love has been lost in thought, why such worries?"
Heather responded, "The inscription is a warning but of what I'm not sure.  Hopefully sleep will bring an answer.  I pray to the God of the Sacred Water for a good sleep for you my love."
Daniel's soft snoring should have allowed Heather to slip into a restful sleep but her thoughts were tormented.  Images of the Red Ambassador and his attack kept intruding into her thoughts.  Occasionally an image of her grandmother would form in the background.  She was trying to tell her something but Heather could not hear her.  Most of the night passed in torment, and she was sleeping only partially.  It was near morning light when Heather's dream of her grandmother formed more completely and she saw her grandmother open the right hand door.  Suddenly she understood; the Red Ambassador's door opened on the left, tradition was the doors opened on the right.  Now the inscription made sense, "Knowing must continue for those of the right-sided tradition." Sleep came for only a short time before the activities of the day began.
Daniel's movement awoke Heather.  She said, "I had a visit from my grandmother last night.  The warning now makes sense.  We must use the right door."
Daniel responded, "It would seem the left door is designed to be opened first."
"So it would seem.  I would explain while we break fast.  I will join you shortly.  No one is to touch the door."
Heather took time completing her morning ritual, letting the certainty of her dream fully enter her consciousness.  She joined the others and partook of the travel rations.  The conversation was light while everyone waited for Heather.  When she had finished eating, she told of her dream.
The young priest spoke first saying, "Your interpretation makes sense.  There is an emphasis on the word right in the inscription, I knew not why.  A blessing from your grandmother, most certainly."
Jeremy and Daniel picked up the torch and lit it from their small cooking fire.  Everyone followed the few steps to the large doors.  It was obvious the left door was to be opened first.  As Daniel explored the door with his hands he realized the trim board was hinged.  The hinge gave way with some groaning, and with the trim board folded back, the left door appeared to be openable.  Daniel looked up at Heather who said, "I think it is safe to try the door."
Daniel and Jeremy pulled on the large carved handle and the door grudgingly moved a little.  Others helped and soon the door was opened enough to allow entrance.  Heather said, "One should go first but how to choose the one."
In a very quiet voice the young priest replied, "I shall go first.  I feel it is my calling to explore and remember this sacred site."
Nodding Heather replied, "So it shall be.  I would you trail a line in case your torch fails.  Do not explore past the limits of the line."
Accepting the torch offered by Jeremy, the young priest squeezed through the narrow opening.  His nose was assaulted by new odors.  There was only minimal dampness present but the smells were of things very old.  The smell of ancient scrolls mixed with the other odors increased his exhilaration.  The walls were close and were of bare rock.  He bent down slightly and examined the floor more closely; traces of footsteps were present.  The realization that he was walking amongst his ancestors struck the young priest like a lightning bolt and he was unable to move forward for a few minutes.  A call of concern from outside returned him to the present and he moved forward again slowly, without bothering to answer the call.
The narrow cave turned multiple times and he had gone most of the length of his line when he came to another door.  The inscription on this door read, "Contained herein is the knowledge of our people." With this hands shaking slightly, the young priest reached out and tried to open the door.  It refused his efforts.  The torch was already half gone but the young priest stood and tried to visualize what the ancients would have been thinking.  Did they mean to bar his entrance? Was the door simply frozen by the effects of age?
A slight draft was evident along the edge of the door and the young priest realized the door needed to be secured to prevent its opening.  He explored the perimeter of the door and found a simple metal pin securing both the top and bottom of the door.  The light of the torch revealed moderate rusting but he was able to slowly retract the pins.  He had no sooner released both pins when the door opened slightly by itself.  There was a definite flow of air from within through the door opening.  He pried the door open enough to allow himself to look within.  The light of the torch revealed a small library room.  Two walls were covered with shelves of scrolls.  The third wall was a mural of a large city on several hills adjoining the sea.
By now his torch was burning low; the young priest pushed the door closed and secured it again with the pins.  By the light of the dying torch he retraced his footsteps.  The light of the torch gave out completely before he reached the end of the tunnel.  Moving more slowly, he followed his line until the light in the entrance was visible again.  His companions were waiting without and said nothing as he exited the door.
The young priest sat on a rock just outside the doorway.  His face radiated both excitement and contemplation.  Heather was about to ask him what he had seen with a young priest began to speak in a soft voice.  "I walked amongst the footsteps of those who have gone before us.  At the end of the tunnel is a small room with two walls of scrolls and the third wall is a mural.  The mural depicts a large city against the sea."
No one responded to the young priest's proclamation, everyone was lost to their own thoughts.  Heather said finally, "We have much planning to do.  Let us share our midday meal.”
While they ate, a torrent of questions came forth for the young priest, most of which he was unable to answer.  Heather finally took control by asking, "How much time will you need to study and remember the scrolls?"
"At least a lifetime to study the scrolls but perhaps only two weeks to remember them.  Remembering is best done by at least two people but I will try to remember correctly."
Heather responded, "We have not enough supplies for two weeks.  I would some of those of the Forest would ferry additional supplies.  I would also have some continue to explore this country.  I would know the pass which connects us to our ancestors and to those of the Red Ambassador."
Jeremy spoke up, saying, "A good plan, but we of the Forest would see this treasure for ourselves."
Heather replied, "And you shall.  One person will be needed to assist our young priest with fresh torches or lamps.  We shall rotate this responsibility so all can share in our discovery." Turning to Daniel she asked, "Could you draw in your book a copy of the mural?"
"I would try, but I am a healer, not an artist."
Heather said something but Daniel did not understand and asked her to repeat it.  She said, "All have tasks now except myself."
Daniel broke the tension by laughing and saying, "You my love, have the hardest task of all, for you have to plan.  We just have to do."
Those of the Forest chose amongst themselves their tasks.  Jeremy and one other were to seek out the pass of their ancestors.  The decision was made for their journey to be delayed while the young priest searched for a map amongst the scrolls.  Others set out to establish relay camps for ferrying of supplies.
Jeremy was the first to act as the assistant to the young priest, with Daniel accompanying them.  Daniel made them stop just inside the doorway so he could examine the inside of the door.  A complicated lever system connected the left-hand door to a trap door built into the ceiling of the tunnel.  Climbing on to Jeremy's shoulders Daniel explored the trap door.  It retained a large mass of round boulders.  Tripping the trigger mechanism would have unleashed a small rock slide which would have most certainly closed the tunnel.  Those rocks would have buried anyone who had opened the left-hand door.
Daniel said, "We owe a prayer of thanks to the God of the Sacred Water and Heather's grandmother.  Those who built here were most serious about protecting the knowledge they were storing."
The young priest pointed out the footsteps of those who had gone before.  Daniel compared his foot to the prints evident in the sand and dust covering the stone.  Their feet seemed slightly bigger than Daniel’s.  Jeremy asked, "Could it not be they simply wore bigger boots than us?"
"Maybe, but the imprint is pretty well defined.  I would guess whoever made this was a bit taller and heavier than ourselves." He continued, "I would some of these tracks be saved."
Jeremy said, "It is wide enough here in this part of the passage for us to travel only to the left, leaving the tracks intact."
Daniel said, "A good plan.  We can use some of the rock rubble from outside to create the path."
When they arrived at the second door, Daniel used some of the oil from his medicine kit to lubricate the hinges.  With effort, they were finally able to open the door fully.  The three of them stood filling the doorway, looking at the small room that contained the treasure of knowledge, of those who had gone before.  It was Jeremy who noticed the lamp sitting just to the inside of the doorway.  It was filled with a clear oil such as they had not seen before.  Turning up the wick, they lit the lamp which filled the room with a much brighter light.  The room measured only three paces by four paces and the ceiling was just high enough to allow them to stand without bending.  They extinguished the torch, much preferring the clear light of the lamp.  The room was barren except for a single chair and a small keg such as oil would be stored in.
Jeremy wanted to begin searching for a map but the young priest insisted they try and learn the system of the scrolls.  Each shelf had an inscription on it, which the young priest read out loud.  The word order seemed strange to their ears but many of the words were unchanged from their own.  A pattern seemed to be emerging, each column of shelves contained repeating sections of information.  The different columns seemed to indicate different time periods of history.  Only after several hours of study was the young priest willing to remove a scroll which he thought might contain a map.  With great care he unfurled the scroll.
With Daniel and Jeremy looking over his shoulders he traced the lines of text with his fingers trying to help his brain remember them correctly.  Two thirds of the way down the scroll was indeed a map of sorts.  The inscription read, "Path to our new life or our extinction."
Daniel was busy copying the details of the map onto his notepad.  It was a crude replication of the scroll's finely detailed drawing but the major information was copied.  Jeremy spent his time trying to orientate himself to the map.  Only after he walked around and looked at the map upside down did he finally recognize some landmarks.  Most of the map was of the area to the north and east of the present location.  The pass was well marked on the map as was the passage to the east.  To the west and south was almost featureless, as if those who drew the map knew not what lay ahead.
The young priest completed his remembering of the scroll before looking up and saying, "I will need time to study this more fully but it would seem the map is indeed of their journey onto the ice field.  It speaks of a way forward found by one of their scouts but has no detail."
The afternoon had grown late and Daniel said, "Enough for now.  Let us report to the others." They relit their torch and extinguished the lamp before carefully closing the door.  They spoke not at all while they retraced their steps.  Only Heather and one other of the Forest were waiting for them.  All others had departed to work on their supplies.
Heather asked, "Have you learned more of our ancestors?"
Daniel replied, "A little only.  We have a map of their passage onto the ice field."
"Do we know the why of their passage?"
Daniel turned towards the young priest who again entered his trancelike state as he studied the scroll he had remembered.  After a few minutes he said, "I will need time to study the scroll in far greater depth to be certain.  This scroll speaks only of their journey and hardships."
Daniel asked, "When you remember, do you remember the words themselves?"
The young priest responded, "Mostly I remember a picture of the scroll and must read it in my mind to see the words.  That is why studying and remembering are different."
Heather said, "The first of our replenished supplies will not arrive for several days as they are ferried from the cache we left on the ice field.  We have enough supplies left for one week.  If you're ready, you could depart at first light."
Jeremy said, "If the map is drawn to scale we should be able to explore the pass and return easily in one week.  If the weather does not hold, then the God of the Sacred Water will know our schedule."
Heather said, "I pray to God of the Sacred Water that the weather holds.  I would you take supplies for two weeks and plan on returning in one week."
Jeremy protested, "Those left behind would then be short of supplies if the weather turned before more supplies arrived."
Heather said, "We are protected here and at rest.  You will be traveling hard and harsh terrain.  I would you take the supplies as I requested."
Jeremy replied, "We leave at first light."
The evening was spent with Daniel and Jeremy studying the copy of the map.  Heather could sense Daniel's desire to accompany Jeremy but she wished him not to go.  She found living with her ancestors’ suffering to be quite oppressive.  If those of the Red Ambassador had caused her ancestors to flee and face possible extinction on the ice field, what did it portend for her peoples? She needed Daniel to stay with her.
At first light Jeremy and his companion departed to the north, searching for the pass to the ancestors’ homeland.  Heather accompanied Daniel and the young priest to the library.  The young priest returned to his work of remembering the scrolls and Daniel began sketching the mural on the wall of the city by the sea.  Heather watched the others work for a time, but soon tired of doing nothing.  She began exploring the crevices of the cave.  One of the crevices which arose from the floor seemed to be the source of the airflow.  The air smelled old but not offensive.  There was no indication of sulfur.  She interrupted Daniel by asking, "How can the air be flowing from this rock?"
Daniel looked up from his work saying, "I know not, but presume a fissure in the rock leads to another opening lower in the mountain."
"The other opening would not be below the ice would it?"
"No, for air to move it would have to be open to warmer air which would rise through the rock.  Why do you ask?"
Heather hesitated momentarily before replying, "I was wondering how the ancients discovered this cave.  If it connects to another cave on their side of the pass, maybe smoke made its way through the rock and revealed the cave to them."
"Possibly, or their scouts may have just found it as they searched for passage."
Heather continued, "If it did connect, we could use it for communication somehow.  A warning on when the enemy will appear would be quite valuable."
Daniel left his work and walked over to Heather.  The air was definitely moving through the rock crevice.  He picked up the lamp and examined the rock more closely.  He was able to wipe some smudge from the rock face; it had no odor but appeared to be smoke residue.  Daniel said, "My love, your thinking may be correct.  How we would find the cave I know not."
The young priest spoke up saying, "I would that there was more time to study the scrolls as I remember them.  I will watch for any reference to a cave.  In the scroll with the map of the passage there is a reference to a cave in which they took shelter before reaching the pass.
Heather asked, "Does it speak of the smoke at all?"
The young priest again entered his trancelike state as he remembered the scroll.  He responded, "It speaks only of a cave which sheltered their party from a storm.  The cave is depicted on the map."
Heather said, "I would have charged Jeremy with finding the cave had I thought more carefully.  It may be worth searching for this cave."
Daniel returned to his work saying, "There may be time yet to search for your cave.  I would wonder at how long it would take the smoke to rise through the mountain."
As all others worked hard, time for Heather seemed to pass excruciatingly slow.  She tried to plan but had little inspiration.  Almost a week had passed since she had sent Jeremy and his companion on their mission of exploration.  She was sitting by the rock crevice watching her Daniel and the young priest at their work.  Her nose came alive with the smell of wood smoke.  The young priest and Daniel had both forbid any fires in the library for fear of damaging the scrolls or the painting.  Heather asked, "Smell you the smoke?"
Both Daniel and the young priest looked up from their work and extended their heads to sniff the air.  Daniel spoke up saying, "I smell no change."
Heather said, "Come here and smell the air rising from the crevice."
Daniel did as Heather had bid him and carefully smelled the air.  He said, "It may be my imagination but I do think I smell smoke."
"It is not your imagination; I wonder if our Jeremy has found and used the cave?"
Daniel responded, "Jeremy would prefer camping in the open unless the weather was foul.  He may have sought shelter in the cave.  Time will tell."
For Heather, time itself was an issue.  People came and went, everyone had a task except herself.  She tried to plan but it was of little use, she knew not what to plan.  Winter storms would howl outside their cave but everything stayed pretty constant within the shelter, nothing for her to do but exist until their task was done.  The gloom of the cave kept growing on her spirits by the day.  It helped only a little to imagine how Daniel felt while prisoner.
They were nearing the end of the two weeks when Jeremy finally returned, about the time of the evening meal.  His reports matched the record left in the scrolls.  A hard journey from the Forest lands below but less severe than their journey from the Forest; when asked if an army could make the passage Jeremy nodded in the affirmative.  As an afterthought Jeremy said, "We found footsteps."
Now Heather's senses were on full alert and she asked, "What sort of footsteps?"
"On the trail just before we turned back, a single track of someone comfortable in snowshoes.  They were headed away from the mountain."
"A scout for those of the Red Ambassador?" 
"The tracks were a few days old and mostly covered by new snow but whoever made the tracks was not of the city."
Heather asked, "Did you make camp with fire in a cave?"
"No, we always camped in the open."
Heather was quiet for just a moment before speaking in a voice which was both calm and decisive, "We leave at first light.  I would some of those of the Forest lag behind to ensure we are not being followed."
The young priest had not yet finished his remembering but said only, "I would look briefly at each remaining scroll tonight if I could have someone help with the light and filing."
Heather said, "So be it but we leave at first light."
It was a short night for everyone; Heather wanted no trace of their presence to be left.  The morning arrived with grayness promising heavy snow.  They had no sooner reached the relatively level ground of the ice field than the snow began.  They were roped up, moving in single file behind Jeremy, who was bent over his compass.  Despite the near-zero visibility they made good progress.  The days were somewhat longer but the snow made them make camp early anyway.  The route they followed was fairly straight until they reached the area of the huge crevices.  Heather called a halt to their journey and had scouts fan out to explore alternate crossings.  Only a few of the snow bridges would be suitable for a crossing army.  This is where they would begin the fight she knew was coming.  If they could destroy all but one of the major snow bridges it would concentrate the enemy.  A small force could hold off a major army at such a checkpoint, or better yet destroy the bridge with the army crossing it.
They had been exploring this region for the second day when one of the scouts who trailed behind showed up at Camp and asked for help.  They returned well after darkness, half-dragging a stranger behind them.  The man was dressed in tattered furs and appeared near starvation.  He spoke not.
Heather asked for warm food to be served and room was made in one of the tents for the stranger.  Heather would not let them unbind him completely: enough to eat but not enough to fight.  The stranger almost inhaled the travel stew he was given and looked up for more but Daniel said, "Enough for now.  Too much food will stress the stomach and make him ill."
Heather tried to speak to the man but he only stared at her.  She asked for the young priest who soon joined them in the already cramped tent.  He looked at the stranger for only a minute before saying, "A left behind."
In response to Heather's question he explained, "The scrolls referred to some of the ancient people who chose not to cross the ice field but instead sought shelter in the mountains.  They were referred to as those left behind."
Turning towards the stranger, the young priest spoke in the dialect of Larby the fisherman.  The stranger immediately began speaking rapidly in a tongue which indeed sounded like that of the fisherman.  The young priest was having trouble with many of the words and the conversation moved only slowly forward.  The young priest would occasionally stop and translate for Heather.
The tale being told was hard to hear because of the suffering it contained.  The stranger was named Stan and he was a hunter for a small village that existed in isolation in the mountains.  Those of the Red had arrived last summer and destroyed the village, killing all who were there.  He had been hunting and returned to the village only to witness the scene of desolation and destruction.  He did his best to bury what was left of his family and friends.  He followed the trail of the military company and managed some revenge but he was just one against many.  The military company proceeded to the pass leading onto the ice field, creating a road of sorts.  When winter came they returned south.  He continued to explore, trying to find the trail of the legends.
Their legends speak of a time when they were a great people but were forced to flee to the north.  Some crossed the ice field to a new paradise while those left behind lived a semi-nomadic life in the mountains.  The way across had long since been lost in time.
Suddenly the stranger just stopped talking.  Heather asked the young priest what the problem was.  He replied, "His story is done.  I think he wishes to hear our story."
Heather took a moment to collect her thoughts; how much to share with a stranger, how much trust in his story? Heather began, "We are descendents of those who in ancient times crossed the ice field.  We also are on a journey of exploration seeking this trail of legends.  We fear those of the Red Ambassador are planning an attack on our people.  This trail of legends gives them a pathway to our homeland and we search a way to block their progress."
The stranger sat quietly with his eyes closed and silence filled the small tent.  He sat as if praying and several minutes passed before he spoke saying, "Those of the Red are preparing for war.  Their incursions and destruction in our mountains has increased to ever-higher levels.  Peace and safety are no longer known to my people."
Heather instinctively accepted his statement and asked, "Would you join us in our struggle against those who would bring war upon us?"
"We are a few against the many.  I speak only for myself, I would join with those of my ancestors against those of the Red."
Heather asked the remaining restraints to be removed and held out her hand saying, "I am known as Heather of the Northern Kingdom and these with me are of the region known as the Forest.  We welcome you."
The young priest translated Heather's words.  The stranger responded, "I, Stan from those left behind, pledge my services to you and your cause.  Others of my people may wish to join but since this new war has been waged against us we are scattered."
The night was getting late and Heather said, "Enough for tonight.  We both have much to learn and there is yet much work to be done here.  In the morning we will break fast together and continue to learn."
Heather left the stranger with two of the Forest in the small tent and returned to her tent with Daniel.  She asked Daniel's thoughts.  He said, "The stranger suffers from hunger but is otherwise in good health.  It does not appear he suffers from an iodine deficiency.  For him to track those of the Forest he is obviously a skilled woodsman.  I would know more of his diet and lifestyle."
"Do you trust his story?"
"There were tears in his eyes as he told of his village; I think his story is true."
Heather's yawning delayed her response she said, "We face a fearsome enemy and I feel the stranger is a gift from the God of the Sacred Water.  We have much to learn and much to plan but for now I must sleep."
She wasn't sure if Daniel had heard her because he responded not and his gentle snoring began almost immediately.  Thoughts were racing in her head but the fatigue of their exploration won out and sleep came quickly.
For two more days they explored the region of the crevices with Heather struggling with their planning.  When they had mapped out all of the snow bridges she selected the largest to be their point of defense.  All others would be damaged to limit their usefulness.  Their trek homeward began on the third day and they traveled hard.  The stranger had no trouble keeping up with them, but consumed his share of the rations with the vigor of someone who truly knew hunger.  As they crossed over the barren lands Heather spoke to Jeremy, "I would we returned to the Forest not by way of the mining camp with Daniel's powder."
Jeremy was a little surprised by the request and asked, "You trust not the stranger?"
"I wish not to burden him with knowledge which would endanger his life as it did Daniel’s.  Is it possible to bypass the mining camp?"
"We will need the supplies but I will have some of the Forest ferry the supplies to our trail."
"I would also have two of the Forest who can travel quickly move ahead and announce our return to those of the Forest Council."
Jeremy smiled and said, "Those of the Council will know of our passage.  If you wish I will send two ahead."
Heather thought of the warm fire waiting them when she arrived with Daniel in Issip.  She asked, "How do they know?"
Jeremy responded, "I know not.  Little is secret in the Forest, for even the birds carry messages if you know how to listen.  Some of the Forest listen well."
One of the scouts returned carrying fresh meat from an ice ox he had come across.  Jeremy called a halt to the day's journey and everyone began searching for small twigs buried beneath the snow, for a real fire.  That night they feasted on fresh meat.  It was as grand a meal as any banquet.  Stan asked for some of the sacred gland.  The young priest had trouble translating the request.  Daniel realized that these people depended upon the iodine found in animal’s thyroid glands.  They had adapted to a very restricted amount of iodine much as Larby’s seafaring people had.  Those of the Forest ate of the thyroid gland only if the patient did not respond to the sacred water.  Regular consumption was toxic; how did these people avoid the toxicity? He had much yet to learn of the thyroid.
It was several more days of hard travel before they sighted their first tree.  It was an occasion of joy to be rid of the continuous white and spirits rose.  Stan examined the tree with interest and ate several of the buds saying, "The tree is similar but the buds taste more bitter." He asked, "Do you eat of this tree?"
Daniel responded, "Only during the hard times."
Stan was quiet some time before replying, "Most of our times are hard."
As they neared the region of the Forest Council, Heather's anxiety increased.  How was she to explain everything to those of the Council.  Daniel counseled, "Speak as yourself.  They will know you speak true."


Chapter 16

As they neared the site of the Council, they were met by one of the priesthood who said, “Our elder priest has suggested shelter at our monastery for your priest and the stranger who accompanies you.”
Heather rested a moment to fully catch her breath before replying, “A good suggestion.  I would expect the Council will need a report from our young priest.  It would be good not to stress our new companion with too much exposure.”
As they set off again Heather announced to her companions, “I would the location of the pass and the sacred library remain uncertain.  We know not if those of the Red Ambassador may have even penetrated into the Forest.”
Jeremy spoke up saying, “I smell ale."
Their already harsh pace seemed to pick up even a little more as the end of their journey drew close.  They made straight for the tavern and room was made for them all.  The warmth of a real fire, full stomachs and a few pitchers of ale were all a fitting end to their journey.  Storytelling began quickly.
As the evening wore on, an elderly man offered Daniel and Heather his cottage saying, "I would you stay in my humble abode.  It is the least I can do for you who have done so much for us."
Daniel was going to object but Heather spoke up saying, "I would accept your gracious offer but where will you stay?"
"I will stay with my daughter; she has a small room which will be adequate.  I have heated water, the bath is simple but I hope provides you some comfort."
The thought of a real bath after all the days and weeks of hard travel was enough to bring tears to Heather's eyes.  The elderly man looked embarrassed and began to protest that he had not meant to insult them.
Heather's face broke into a huge smile as she explained how joyous she was to receive his gift.  She gave the elderly man a kiss on the cheek and now it was his turn for tears of happiness.
They left the storytelling for Jeremy and followed the elderly gentleman across the village.  His cottage was not unlike Daniel's only smaller with but a single room.  The bath and sleeping area were separated only by curtains.  After weeks of having lived in their small travel tent it seemed as luxurious as her father's palace.  Soaking in the small tub of hot water was almost decadent.  She washed and brushed her again long blond hair as Daniel took his turn soaking in the tub.  Tonight they were at peace, safe in the Forest, and together.  They let the future wait while enjoying their love of each other.
Morning brought the call to the Forest Council.  Heather was concerned about having to wear her well-used travel clothes.  The women of the village had taken care and a basket of clean clothes was delivered to them as they broke fast together.  The clothes were the simple design of the Forest but the tunic had a small patch with a golden color.  As Heather examined it she realized it was made of hair the color of her own.  She tried to ask Daniel how they did that but he just shrugged his shoulders and continued to eat.
The Council opened with the normal formalities of the Forest.  Compared to the intricate protocols of the Northern Kingdom it was a most informal meeting.  Some routine business was completed and then a request was made for a report on the recently completed trip.  The traders’ guild reported first and described the amount of supplies distributed.  A very senior member of the hunters’ guild summarized the journey itself.  Heather was uncertain how he had obtained such detailed information.  Next the old priest reported on the findings within the library of the ancients.  He had obviously spent most of the night with their young priest learning as much as he could for this meeting.  His report was fairly lengthy, especially in regards to the initial invasion of the lands of the ancients by those of the Red Ambassador.  He closed his report with an apology for his limited understanding of this new knowledge.  Many questions were asked and the old priest answered those he could.
A midday break was taken and a light meal was served.  When everyone had reassembled and some semblance of order had been restored, the Chair turned towards Heather and said, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom, we would hear your report and of the stranger you brought."
Heather stood and felt her knees shaking.  Daniel reached up and put his hand on her shoulder; his simple touch was enough to allow her to begin.  She started, "Our story is really the story of our stranger.  He is one of the people who call themselves, "Those Left Behind".  They chose to remain in the mountains of their homeland after our ancestors risked survival in crossing the ice field." Her strength of voice improved and she related the destruction of his village by the army unit as they proceeded to the pass.  As she began to speak of the military challenges in moving an army across the ice field her voice became one of true authority.  Without her knowing it, the rest of the day passed while she gave her report.
When she had finished speaking the chair stood and said, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom, a report well spoken.  We of the Forest are much in debt to you again.  It would seem the invasion is imminent and our preparations must be urgently begun.  I adjourn this Council until after the midday meal on the morrow.  All must begin planning for what the future may bring."
Darkness had fallen by the time Daniel and Heather had finished with the Council.  Daniel said, "For someone who wishes not to speak, you speak very well." 
Heather squeezed his hand and replied, "I appreciated your support but now a glass of ale would be nice."
They walked through the snow to the tavern, which looked as if I could not possibly hold another person.  Daniel opened the door anyway and people made a little room for him and Heather.  They had no sooner sat down than two glasses of ale appeared along with bowls of potato chowder.  The chowder lacked the spiciness of the Southern Kingdom but had a richness of flavor from the potatoes used.  Storytelling had already commenced and they sat back and enjoyed the camaraderie.
Morning seemed to arrive somewhat later, possibly because the evening stretched long into the night.  Jeremy arrived to break fast with them, bringing a loaf of fresh bread and some dried meat for the meal.  As always, he was wide awake and full of energy despite the late night.  A priest arrived and asked if Heather would accompany him to the monastery for a meeting.
Heather looked at Daniel who said, "I will meet you at the Council."
Heather dressed in her travel cape and boots and followed the silent priest back to the monastery.  They entered the stone building and the priest just disappeared, leaving Heather in the entryway by herself.  Not knowing what else to do, she shook the snow from her cape and looked for a place to hang it.  The small room had two other doorways but no furniture.  She noticed the hooks on the back of the main door and chose one of them to hang her cloak.  The room was not quite cold but not quite warm enough for comfort.
Some time passed before she heard the shuffling gait of the old priest.  He appeared through the smaller doorway on the right.  He greeted her, saying, "I give thanks to the God of the Sacred Water for allowing me to live long enough to share the gifts you have brought us."
Heather responded, "I would the God of the Sacred Water bless you with continued good health, for I fear we will desperately need your knowledge and understanding."
"We have been pushing your young priest hard, trying to learn all that he has remembered.  He remembers well but there's so much yet to learn from what he has stored in his mind.  I would you grant to us his presence for at least a few months.  We would make copies of the scrolls he has remembered and share them with your people."
Heather nodded somewhat absently saying, "As you wish, it would be best to share the knowledge.  I would he be with me when time for battle comes because of the knowledge he has."
"Of course.  Knowledge of the past may be our best weapon in the future and his knowledge exceeds all others."
Heather objected saying, "It would seem that your many years of study would give you the position of most knowledgeable."
The old priest smiled saying, "I have been blessed by God of the Sacred Water with good health and a memory which has not failed too badly.  I have never traveled from the Forest nor seen the wonders you have seen.  No, your young priest is a true blessing and I would he stay here forever so we could all learn from him.  Your need of his services in the coming hard times must take priority but when the hard times are over I would he return to us."
"And so he shall.  What are your thoughts of the stranger?"
A look of sadness swept across the old priest’s wrinkled face as he replied, "His story is one of great sadness but matches well the tale told in the scrolls.  Almost certainly those you refer to as the people of the Red Ambassador are the same as the people he calls the Red.  Their treatment of our ancestors as told in the scrolls is similar to the story of your stranger and of your fisherman.  Our enemy is a harsh one."
Heather asked, "Will those of the Forest rise up?"
For several minutes the old priest sat with his eyes closed and Heather began to wonder if he had fallen asleep.  He opened his eyes and spoke, "Those of the Forest will do as they have always done.  Many of the hunters would join with you in actively resisting the invasion.  The remainder will support you and the hunters but mostly we of the Forest will work to make the spirits of the Forest come alive."
Heather without waiting said, "I would know more of these spirits of the Forest?"
The old priest rocked back in his chair and smiled and then while nodding his head said, "Before you can learn of the spirits I think it is best if you learn how our peoples originally divided themselves." He then proceeded to explain how the original settlers, who had survived the crossing of the ice field, represented two philosophical camps.  The one group felt as if their suffering and loss of their homeland was because the people had lost contact with the essence of nature.  The other group wished to pursue development of another great city such as they had been driven from.  The latter group emigrated from the Forest and established what we now call the northern and Southern Kingdoms.  Those who remained continued to concentrate their efforts on reconnecting with the essence of nature.  "We have learned much but yet know so little about how nature itself works.  The spirits of the Forest are really nothing more than the people's ability to sense what the world around them is saying.  Many of those of the other kingdoms ascribe a magical character to the spirits, but to us they are nothing more than the message of nature itself."
"And how would I plan to utilize this ability?"
"Heather of the Northern Kingdom, you are the warrior.  I can but say that the spirits will be there to help.  They control not the weather or the volcanoes but they allow us to know the mood of the ground below us and the sky above.  All creatures respond to the spirits and to a greater or lesser extent we can control that response.  In the past this has allowed us to know the location of our enemies and control the availability of game for food.  With the harshness of our winter this has insured our independence and survival."
"Who of the Forest is most connected with the spirits?"
The old priest responded, "All have some ability, and perhaps you've noticed that the hunters seem especially blessed.  But it is the womenfolk who have developed the skill to the highest level."
Heather was quiet while the picture was forming in her mind, she then replied, "I fear that the enemy we now face is so ruthless that the Forest itself will be destroyed."
The old priest looked upward and developed the same affect of the young priest when he was reading the ancient scrolls stored in his mind.  After about a minute the old priest replied, "The scrolls in the cave of knowledge would seem to indicate that the only effective defense against those of the Red was by those who worked with the spirits.  The invaders overwhelmed all of the sophisticated defenses but were unable to overcome nature itself.  Those who used the protection of nature were spared, but in the end they to were driven from their homes and survived only by crossing the ice field.  Only a small remnant remained in the wild lands of our ancestral home." He then added, "I fear not for the Forest, but for the people of the Forest I fear greatly.  Without the help of the God of the Sacred Water and the emissaries he has sent us, it is likely we will become like those left behind."
Heather looked puzzled at this last comment and the old priest reached out and lightly touched her arm said, "I believe you are an emissary of the God of the Sacred Water that has been sent to us in our time of need.  I am but an old man, but I pledge my loyalty to your efforts and offer my prayers and whatever knowledge I have retained to assist you in the task you have been given by the God of the Sacred Water."
Heather had many other questions forming in her mind but the old priest said, "It is time for the midday breaking of bread, come join us before you must return to the Council." Heather followed the old priest into the dining hall, which reminded her most of the military dining hall at her father's castle.  Simple wooden tables were set with large bowls, each with a single spoon and without any other adornments.  The young priest and Stan, the stranger from across the ice field, were already seated and Heather joined them.
Stan greeted her saying, "A blessing upon you." The clarity of his speech was impressive and this showed on Heather's face, which brought a large smile from both Stan and the young priest.  
Heather responded, "Well said.  I hope you are being treated well." Stan was obviously working hard to translate Heather's words and responded by simply smiling and nodding his head in the affirmative.  The simple meal was begun by a prayer of one of the priest and the meal was taken in silence.  Only after everyone had finished and a closing prayer given was conversation allowed.  So many comments and questions seemed to arise simultaneously that Heather's mind had difficulty keeping up.  It was almost a relief when the old priest announced that it was time for Heather to return to the consul.


Chapter 17

When Heather arrived back at the Council, she found Daniel waiting for her just inside the door.  They found a place to sit together in the crowded room and listened quietly while the guild members brought forth their proposals.  It seemed a messy process to Heather compared to the order and structure of her father's court, but it was the way of the Forest.  Methods of obtaining the needed supplies and transporting them took most of the afternoon.  It was only as the sun was setting that their attention returned to Heather when she was asked, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom what other assistance do you require of us as you complete your planning?"
Heather arose and with less trepidation than in her first Council meeting, spoke up, saying, "You of the Forest plan well.  We face a hard time and only if all our peoples work together do we have any hope to survive the invasion we face.  I would a small delegation return with Stan, our new found ally, and explore more fully the route of the planned invasion.  His people have suffered much and yet they may be able to provide some assistance in weakening the enemy as he approaches the ice field.  No trace of their passage must remain."
This request was quickly agreed to and the hunters’ guild accepted responsibility for the task.  Heather than continued, "Those who have experience on the ice tell us it will be at least six weeks before an army could cross: I would be prepared in four weeks.  The old priest would that we spent more time in study of the cave of knowledge, and perhaps this can proceed while the delegation explores the land and routes of those left behind.  If it is possible to revisit the cave of knowledge, I would that the signal cave, which is connected through the crack in the rocks, be more fully explored and the time of the smoke determined.  This could be the warning signal we need."
The discussion went on much longer but again the request was granted.  When the Council asked if Heather needed anything else, she replied, "I would have your prayers to the God of the Sacred Water.  I would also have those of the Forest who sailed with me, and now remain in the Northern Kingdom, return here to the Forest.  If they could bring me news of my father, my heart would rest easier."
When her request was granted, Heather said, "I will write a letter to my father explaining the danger we face and how they must prepare." When asked if the Northern Kingdom would come to their aid, Heather was silent for several minutes before replying.  She said, "The army of the north is yet held captive by the weather.  I would expect the invasion of the Southern Kingdom or possibly of both kingdoms to occur simultaneously with the invasion of the Forest.  Those of the other kingdoms cannot travel as do those of the Forest and would deprive us of our ability to strike and retreat.  I think it best if the Forest is defended by those who know of the spirits and of the land."
Daniel and Heather left the Council and walked quietly back to the small cottage they were staying in.  Daniel asked, "If we are to be ready in four weeks, what would you do next?" Heather replied, "I would spend the time taking long walks in the woods with you, my husband." Daniel stopped and gave her a big hug saying, "I think you plan well my love." Heather smiled and asked, "Could we not return to Issip for at least two weeks? I could work with those of the village who know of the spirits while you do your healing."
Daniel walked quietly for several minutes before replying, "For you to be prepared for the thinness of the air on the ice field it would be best for you to spend time in the thin air.  I think we could spend the two weeks at Issip but then would have to move immediately to higher elevation so you would have time to adapt.  Your adaption this time should be much faster because of your previous experience." Heather said, "You mean that I will not have to work as a beast of burden turning your grinding wheel just so that I can breathe?"
Daniel was about to explain to her again why it was necessary but she interrupted him by giving him a long kiss which was ended by Jeremy saying, "Are you two going to stand out there all night and kiss or are you going to come in and get something to eat?" They removed their capes as they entered the crowded tavern and were soon caught up in the stories.
The sun was not yet up and Daniel and Heather were finishing their packing when Jeremy showed up carrying fresh bread for the breaking of the fast.  He said, "Figured I had better come along just to make sure Daniel didn't get you lost." Daniel began to protest that he was perfectly capable of finding his way home, but Heather interrupted saying, "Jeremy, as always you are more than welcome and we would enjoy your company." Daniel added, "Just not too much of it."
Jeremy looked grievously injured responding, "My soul bleeds from the barbs you thrust at me.  But I am hungry, so let's eat." With a laugh the fast was broken and the journey home begun.  When they arrived home, a fresh fire was burning in the hearth and the stoop had been shoveled free of snow.  Jeremy left immediately for the tavern, but Heather and Daniel spent some time just enjoying their home.  Hunger finally convinced them to join their friend and an evening of storytelling.
The next morning, just as Daniel began his work as a healer, a young woman dressed in the guild of the hunters knocked on their door.  When Heather opened the door the young woman spoke, "I am Edna of Issip.  We have been told that you would learn more of the spirits of the Forest." Heather tried to invite her in but Edna refused, saying, "Your Daniel has much work to do.  Let us go to the quilting room."
Heather nodded and went to retrieve her cape, telling Daniel that she was going with Edna.  Daniel responded, "Ask her how her knee is feeling.  I will see you for the evening meal."
Heather repeated Daniel's question and Edna smiled saying, "I am not yet able to journey far but have been able to hunt some." Heather could see no evidence of a limp and, as always, had trouble keeping up with those of the Forest.  They arrived at a small stone building near the center of the village that resembled a small church from her homeland.  As they entered, several more women introduced themselves and Heather had trouble remembering their names.  They were working as a group on large quilt with a very complex pattern.  Heather wanted to ask the purpose of the quilt but felt somewhat intimidated by the camaraderie she was witnessing.  She was asked if she sewed and Heather responded, "Only a very little, I prefer to embroider."
One of the older ladies dressed in the guild of the traders handed her square of cloth and said, "Here is a square, embroider what you would." Heather took the square of fabric and ran it through her fingers.  It was finely woven wool with just the lightest shade of green.  She objected, "I have not a pattern to follow."
Another of the ladies said, "If you would know of the spirits of the Forest you must first learn to open your mind.  Let your fingers do the work and the image will develop by itself.  Do not force it; it is already there.  You must simply allow it to appear." With this simple instruction, Heather was indoctrinated into the quilting group.  A youth, no longer child but not yet a young woman, brought Heather a needle and thread.  Their discussion soon turned to storytelling and it was not long until she was asked for the story of her meeting Daniel.  Heather had meant the story to be short but it seemed as if the group somehow amplified the experience and by the time she was done, the morning had passed.
Edna spoke up saying, "A story well told.  Seems we have been negligent in our time-keeping and it is now past midday mealtime.  We would you break bread with us."
Heather hesitated not, and joined them for bread and soup.  Much discussion was of people Heather did not recognize but she found herself enjoying the time.  When they returned to work, Heather was surprised to realize that her embroidery outline was of the amulet Daniel had first given her.  When others asked her what the object was, she explained the significance.  This gave her the opportunity of asking the group about Daniel's grandfather.  The afternoon gave way as she heard the stories.  Darkness was falling before she and Edna returned to her home.  Edna asked, "Should I return on the morrow?"
Heather replied, "After the breaking of the fast.  I have much enjoyed my day."
Daniel was not yet done with his work and Heather busied herself cleaning the already clean cottage.  When Daniel was finished they had but little time to themselves before Jeremy showed up saying, "I heard the stew was really good tonight, let us go eat.  And besides, I'm thirsty!"
Daniel replied, "You go ahead, I must finish cleaning up.  Make sure you save me a glass of ale."
Jeremy shook his head saying, "It would seem as if your priorities are backwards, choosing cleaning over ale.  But if you so choose, so be it." Turning to Heather he said, "You are welcome to escape the cleaning and join us now."
Heather gave him a very genuine smile saying, "It would be best if I helped Daniel, otherwise he may not finish before the food is done.  We cannot have him die of starvation now, can we." Jeremy had to agree and said he would save them some food and ale.  As Jeremy left tears formed in Heather's eyes and Daniel asked her if she really wanted to go to the tavern now.  She shook her head no and after a moment explained, "I have never known such friendship as you have with your Jeremy.  My tears are tears of joy."
The days went quickly and Heather learned much about the Forest but the spirits of the Forest remained hidden from her.  On the eleventh day just as she and Daniel were leaving for the evening meal, a small troop arrived at their cottage.  It was those of the Forest returning from the Northern Kingdom, and with them was the guard whose wife's name was Martha, and Betty.  Heather's joy of seeing those with whom she had fought and now considered her friends radiated in her face.  After much welcoming Heather asked, "What of Larby and of my father?"
Betty's face took on the appearance of a court diplomat as she carefully removed a letter from her small bag and handed it to Heather.  She said, "Larby follows with the others.  Your father told me to give you this letter and report that he is doing well with his strength well returned.  His queen also sends her love and reports that she is again with child."
Daniel interrupted asking, "Is she taking the sacred water?"
While Daniel continued his questions, Heather opened the letter and read silently of her father’s struggles with those of questionable loyalty and of his military planning.  The final paragraph read, "I pray to the God of the Sacred Water that you and your Daniel will remain safe during the hard times we face.  I know in my heart that you will do what you must do, but I fear so for your safety.  I miss you terribly and look forward to the day we can again be as a family.  With love, your father."
The tears were flowing and Daniel asked, "Is your father all right?"
Heather responded, "His recovery continues and he sends us his love.  My tears are of his love.  Enough of this, let us get our guests fed."
The tavern was filled with those of the village who all wanted to meet those of the stories they had heard.  Elrod handled the attention fairly well but Betty seemed overwhelmed.  Finally she stood and said, "I need a little room to breathe." Everyone pulled back a little, creating some space.  She continued, "I am one of the little people and did what I could do to help.  I am not big and strong, nor very smart.  I did only what was asked of me and what my heart told me was right.  Those of you of the Forest have given me the greatest of gifts, my son shall grow normally and be a citizen.  For this I thank you and now I ask that I hear your story."
The room remained silent for a minute until one of the village elders spoke up saying, "Betty of the little people, you speak well.  I wish you to know that we of the Forest welcome you with open hearts.  You have wisdom and courage and our debt to you is beyond measure.  Now let your wish be granted and the stories begin."
The evening was late before they returned to the cottage, which was now overflowing.  After the morning ritual and the breaking of the fast, Betty accompanied Heather to the quilting room.  Heather worked to complete her embroidery and Betty watched and listened without saying anything.  It was late in the afternoon when she announced, "The others are arriving."
Heather asked, "How do you know this."
Betty looked puzzled and asked, "Is it not so?
An older lady of the traders’ guild spoke up, saying, "It is so.  Betty of the little people, you hear well.  The spirits of the Forest are strong within you.  Listen well to your heart and be afraid not to what you hear."
As they were returning to their cottage, Heather asked Edna, "Did you also know of the arrival of the others?"
Edna replied, "I knew only that there was a change.  When our Betty found the words then I to knew what the change was."
"You were able to see Betty's thoughts?"
"No not her thoughts, but rather somehow the image forming in her mind allowed my mind to finally form the picture which had been so unclear."
"Is it possible to directly communicate using the spirits of the Forest?"
They had almost finished their return to the cottage before Edna replied, "For me the spirits only brighten the images which seem to arise from my intuition.  I know not how to communicate with this skill."
Heather replied, "Edna of Issip, in the short time I have known you, you have become almost like the sister I never had.  In my heart there's a feeling that the spirits of the Forest will be essential in the hard days ahead.  I only wish I knew of them myself.  We leave on the morrow for the ice field.  I will miss your friendship and counseling."
Edna replied, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom you and I are not sisters, but now are cousins by marriage and this brings contentment to my heart.  I will be leaving with you on the morrow."
"But what of your knee?"
"My knee is what it is.  I will be able to keep up with those of you not of the Forest.  My bow remains true and I expect will be needed."
Heather and Betty had no sooner hung up their capes than Heather asked Daniel, "Why did you not tell me that Edna was your cousin?"
Daniel had a very puzzled look on his face and responded, "Edna is my mother's brother’s daughter, so yes, we are cousins.  Why would I have thought to have told you this?"
"Because it is important.  Besides, I now understand why I feel such a closeness to her."
Daniel shrugged his shoulders and not knowing what else to say replied, "Jeremy is waiting for us at the tavern."
The evening grew long with the storytelling and it was late before Daniel and Heather climbed into their bed.  Daniel was almost instantly asleep but Heather's mind was racing.  Talking to Daniel at night was an exercise in futility, even when he responded she could not be sure he was actually awake.  He awoke instantly when someone needed healing but otherwise enjoyed the sleep of the innocent.  His gentle snoring gradually relaxed her and she was able to focus her mind on the issue most immediate: what to do with Larby.  Separating him from Betty would be hard, but she knew Betty would insist on coming with her and in her heart she knew Betty had a role to play.  It was not until sleep finally began to overtake her that she decided Larby would stay at the monastery to teach the old priest what he could.
Morning arrived with Jeremy already packed, bringing fresh bread and dried meat for the breaking of the fast.  They made reasonably good time with Larby navigating on skis, one of which fitted his wooden peg.  As they traveled Heather explained to him and Betty her decision to leave him behind at the monastery.  She ended by saying, "The God of the Sacred Water has destined you for a role but we know not yet what that role is.  It is essential that you teach those who study the scrolls all that you know so that our knowledge of the enemy can grow."
Larby replied, "I do as you ask."
Heather glanced at Betty who obviously had tears in her eyes but said nothing.  She complimented Larby on his speech but had nothing else to add so instead concentrated on her breathing and trying to keep up with those of the Forest.  They made good time and it was not too long after sunset on the third day that they arrived at the monastery.  The gate was already closed for the night so they headed for the village and food and drink.  The mood was much less carefree but still the stories flowed freely.  Before dawn Jeremy had them awake and after the morning ritual they presented Larby to the monastery.  When advised of their need, those of the monastery agreed readily and as Larby entered the monastery the young priest came forth to join again with them.
They traveled at a good pace but did not push those not of the Forest too hard.  Others of the Forest would appear seemingly out of nowhere and join with them as they traveled to the high country.  When they arrived at the old mining camp it was a beehive of activity.  They spent but one night at the camp before moving on.  In the village of Issip the first spring buds had just started to show, with a few of the protected southern gardens showing the first sprouts of winter crocus poking up through the thinning snow.  Here in the high country winter still prevailed, but at least the days were longer.  Despite the bleakness of the landscape Heather did not slide back into her despair.  Her purpose was well defined and whenever visibility was good enough to actually visualize the landscape, she was evaluating it for possible defense positions.  The open plains of this high country offered little comfort or protection but by the same token would limit their enemy's ability to replenish supplies.
The long supply line was definitely the weak point of any attack on the Forest.  She needed to capitalize on this weakness.  Waiting for the report from those she had sent to the land of those left behind became increasingly difficult.  She needed their report to plan.  Daniel finally told her, "Worrying helps not.  They will arrive when they arrive.  The God of the Sacred Water alone knows when this will be."
Heather accepted this mild rebuke from Daniel but when traveling with Betty she asked, "Do the spirits of the Forest speak to you of any others in this forbidding land?"
Betty replied, "I hear nothing but silence and the wind blowing through my mind.  I will try to listen harder."
They traveled on in silence concentrating on their breathing and trying to keep up with those of the Forest.  It was several days later while confined to their tents by a snowstorm that Betty said, "Some of the Forest are nearby."
Heather wanted more information but Betty had nothing else to add.  Even Daniel was unable to calm Heather down; she needed to know more of her enemy.  Frustrated, Daniel finally said, "The snowstorm will abate when the God of the Sacred Water decides it to be.  Until then we must do as we must do." With that, he rolled over and went back to sleep.
Heather tried to follow his example but her mind was filled with too many thoughts.  She knew not how long the storm continued because under their heavy cover of snow the light changed only slightly.  When the wind finally died down, Jeremy had them up and moving.  It still snowed but without the wind they could track fairly well.  Heather wondered about sending out scouts to find those that Betty had heard but before she asked Jeremy she already knew his reply, "Those of the Forest will find us." It was nearing nightfall before the sky began to clear and Heather got her first glimpse of the immense ice field rising in front of them.  Despite the oncoming darkness, Jeremy pushed them on until they arrived at the base camp at the foot of the ice cliff.
They were met by those who had gone ahead to explore the route through the lands of those left behind.  Heather's joy was evident as much from seeing her companions safe as for the knowledge she hoped they had.  The night was cold and they had very little wood, but one small fire was built and they shared their travel rations and their stories.  Heather listened, trying to absorb everything, but the fatigue of travel was upon her and she found her attention being interrupted by short episodes of nodding off into sleep.  Finally Daniel spoke up, saying "My bride would plan, but it seems that unless she sleeps her planning may be mostly of her dreams."
Morning light found Heather much refreshed and after the morning ritual was completed, she joined those of the Forest for the breaking of the fast.  Stan and the other new member from those left behind were busy completing some sort of structure out of blocks of snow.  They cut the snow into blocks about one half of a stride wide and piled them up like bricks around the excavation site.  Soon they were tapering the walls inward, creating a roof of the same snow blocks.  By the time the rest had completed the breaking of the fast and shared a few more stories, the building was completed.  They invited Heather and the others to enter through the small doorway.  Even Heather had to stoop low to pass into the building but once inside there was enough height for even those of the Forest to stand erect.  The bottom row of snow blocks was doubled, creating a wraparound bench for all to sit on.  The light from the sun was somehow changed into a gentle blue color.  The force of the wind was broken completely and the air even seemed to be warmer inside the building.


Chapter 18

When those of the exploration and those of Heather's advance group had gathered within the snow building, Heather opened the council by asking, "I would hear first of our new friend and of this wonderful building."
Stan arose and said, "This is Frederick of the village of Isendorf.  They are a clan from south of my village and he has asked to join with us.  This snow fort is used while traveling because it is fast to build and hard for those of the Red to find."
Heather said, "I would congratulate Stan on his rapid learning of our way of speaking.  I welcome you Frederick of the village of Isendorf, but before we hear your story I would have a report from those that brought you to us."
One of the hunters whose age was uncertain, but whose eyes were most clear, stood and gave the report.  They had made good time across the ice field and through the passage to the lands of those left behind.  Stan had guided them along the road those of the Red had made, to the site of his village.  Nothing remained except for some charred timbers.  They continued south and met with few.  Whenever they interacted with a hunter or scout of those left behind, Stan would tell of the coming war and of those who lived beyond the great ice field.  All pledged their efforts to disrupt the supply lines but there were few remaining after last summer's attacks by those of the Red.  The only intact village they found was the village of Isendorf, which had escaped destruction.  On the return they camped in the cave that Stan had used before being found.  Those who were studying in the cave of knowledge detected the smoke the morning after the fire.  The weather was less cooperative for the return journey but it was otherwise without incident.
Heather said, "A report will given.  I would now hear the story of our new friend."
Both Stan and the young priest worked hard to interpret the story of Frederick of Isendorf.  Their village consisted of about fifty families living as hunter-gatherers in a valley with fairly good southern exposure.  The valley opened only to the northeast and was thus hidden from those of the Red.  Their council had met with Stan and those of the Forest and pledged their support.  They had asked to send Frederick back with them to help prepare for the coming battle.  They would mobilize all they could find in an effort to disrupt the supply lines.
While they were listing to the story of Frederick, Betty whispered to Heather, "I like the old one but not this new one."
Heather began to listen with a new awareness to the story of Frederick.  Something too was troubling her heart but she was unsure what.  When the story was complete she said, "Frederick of Isendorf we welcome you.  I would ask that the stories wait for a while longer and if Frederick and Stan would be willing to teach those of the Forest how to build these buildings of snow.  They are much warmer than our tents and less likely to betray our position."
As those of the Forest moved out of the snow fort, the biting cold was waiting for them.  Heather, with a gentle touch on Daniel’s arm, implied she wished to speak with him.  Outside, the two from those left behind began demonstrating how their simple snow saw was used to create the blocks.  As others began constructing their own saws, Daniel and Heather moved slightly further away and Heather asked, "What is your feeling of Frederick?"
Daniel replied, "He seems friendly enough.  Why do you ask?"
"Betty does not like him.  Do you feel the story rings true about his village escaping detection?"
Daniel thought before replying, "The story is plausible but those of the Red Ambassador seem to have their ways.  I will ask those of the Forest their opinion.  I would not disregard Betty's opinion lightly for her sense of people is good."
They returned to the work and Heather sought out Jeremy.  She told him only that it would be best if the new stranger was not burdened with too much knowledge of the Forest or of their capabilities.  She asked him to send one of the hunters to seek out those of the large group who were following, and for now keep them and their supplies one day’s travel away from the base camp.  They discussed possible secondary campsites and the need for long-range scouting.  Jeremy reminded her that they were few and having several away on scouting missions would leave the camp poorly defended.
Heather stood silently thinking and then replied, "I would another eight to ten of the best scouts from the large group join us.  I would also have Stan travel with the one you send and teach those of the Forest how to make the snow buildings."
Jeremy asked, "What of Frederick? Without Stan he will have trouble communicating."
"I think it is best if Frederick stay here with me and the young priest.  I would learn what we can from him without his learning too much from us."
"You are the warrior and the planner and I will do as you say.  Trust you not Frederick?"
Heather said only, "Time will tell."
After Jeremy had left to consult with those of the Forest, Heather sought out the young priest.  She asked him if he would be willing to take Frederick under his wing and the young priest readily agreed.  Heather told him, "I would you speak entirely in the tongue of those left behind.  You should learn from him all that you can of his people and any interaction they have had with those he calls of the Red.  It is important for now that he not know of the Forest or of our capabilities."
The young priest agreed and asked not the reason why.  He simply said, "I will do as you ask.  It is probably best that I concentrate on learning his tongue.  Teaching him of our way of speaking would be much easier if I was better able to speak his tongue." 
Heather then said, "I would learn from him any words used by those of the Red.  We will need to communicate with them eventually."
Despite the longer days, dusk was coming on before the new snow buildings were all completed.  Daniel and Heather were given the large building initially built, and of course Betty joined them in the shelter.  Those of the Forest much preferred sharing their travel rations outdoors despite the frigid temperatures and constant wind.  Huddled around a very small fire that gave only a little light and almost no warmth, they shared stories.  Heather and Daniel mostly watched and as the chill settled deeper into Heather she finally said to Daniel, "I tire so easily and must go rest."
As they bid the group goodnight and walked to their snow building, Daniel said, "I would expect the thinness of the air still affects you.  It will be a little worse when we climb to the top of the ice field.  You should adapt, but until then you need to listen to your body." With that they climbed into their sleeping robes and within minutes both were asleep and heard not Betty when she joined them later in their snow house.
The next morning dawned clear without wind but bitterly cold.  Jeremy had everyone airing out their sleeping robes after the breaking of the fast.  Those who had been assigned tasks departed soon after and those left continued the construction of a somewhat more comfortable camp.  By evening of the third day, the sky showed some color and Jeremy again began to fret about the weather.  With many gone, the small group remaining shared their rations and stories into the evening.  The wind began to pick up and all retired early to their snow houses.  Morning light came not, as their world was again engulfed in another snowstorm.  Heather worried about those she had sent forth but Daniel was confident in their ability.  The practicality of the snow houses became even more evident, because now the wind seemed to flow across the top without the shaking and rattling they had experienced in their tents.  The air remained cold but seemed to rob their bodies of less heat because the snow blocks provided far greater insulation.
The storm was thankfully short and they awoke the following morning to silence.  When Betty and Heather tried to exit the snow building, their way was blocked with snow.  Daniel assisted them in digging out the tunnel.  When they crawled outside they were greeted with brilliant blue skies and air so crisp and cold that Heather needed to breathe through a scarf to prevent the inside of her nose from freezing.  During their morning ritual Betty said, "When the wind quit blowing through my mind, I heard last night.  Some of the Forest are near."
Heather asked, "Why does the wind bother your hearing?"
Betty replied, "The wind makes me upset and confuses my mind.  I like it not.  I cannot hear when my mind is confused."
"Can you hear who of the Forest is near?"
Betty said, "I hear the one you were sewing with and several others."
When they returned they broke the fast with Daniel and Jeremy.  Heather told them what Betty had said.  Jeremy spoke up, saying, "Edna would be one of the best scouts, but what of her knee?"
Daniel said, "She knows her limits.  If she comes it is because she is able."
Heather was glad to see Jeremy's concern, for she sensed that Edna was attracted to him.  It was late afternoon when the party of scouts joined them.  They had learned of the snow houses before leaving the larger camp and had weathered the storm reasonably well.  The stories continued into the evening hours but Heather's tiredness had her seeking the comfort of her sleeping robes early.  The morning dawned with a somewhat moderated temperature and Heather's scouts were soon sent out on their missions.  She now spent her time receiving reports and planning.  One team was assigned the task of destroying the smaller snow bridges.  Daniel accompanied this team, using very small charges of his black powder to bring down the bridges.
At the base camp the explosions could occasionally be felt.  Frederick kept asking what the meaning of the ground shaking was.  Heather had the young priest explain that it was the ice mountain trembling.  This did not seem to satisfy Frederick, but Heather would explain no further.  The young priest was becoming fluent in the language of Frederick but had learned very little of Frederick's personal life or of their interaction with those of the Red.  The weather cooperated and for a week the work continued unabated but on the seventh day the sky began to change.  At the evening meal the young priest asked if anyone had seen Frederick.
Heather's angst immediately increased and she asked, "Why do you ask this?"
Young priest replied, "He left me to help prepare some supplies."
"How long ago was this?"
"It was shortly after the midday meal.  Should have I said something sooner?"
Heather responded not, instead giving the order, "To the ice cliff with your weapons." They were several minutes from the cliff face and when they arrived they found only their climbing lines tangled up at the base of the cliff having been cut from the top.  Jeremy and several others immediately began organizing a climb.  Heather looked to the West and saw the land was becoming obscured by the grayness of the approaching storm.  With the storm almost upon them and the light of the day coming to an end she said, "Climb not now.  I will not risk you to the storm.  I would return to our camp and have everyone inspect their supplies and report to me in the snow house."
As they returned to the camp, Heather spoke not.  The fading light showed her face under the large fur hood and it appeared chiseled of stone with the brows pulled together and her lips pursed and tensed rigidly.  She did not relax even when they arrived back at the snow house.  She finally spoke to Daniel, saying, "I should have listened better to my heart.  I am afraid we have been betrayed and I should have prevented it."
Betty ever so quietly spoke up saying, "He long way from here now.  I think I was supposed to learn to hear him."
They both looked at their small friend and Daniel finally said, "Betty of the little people you may speak with wisdom.  Only the God of the Sacred Water alone knows what will be, and for now all we can do is plan."
Heather asked Daniel, "Did you ever ask those of the Forest of the village of Frederick?"
Daniel nodded with a somewhat embarrassed look on his face saying, "I forgot to tell you that they had no trouble finding the village, and felt if one had looked it would have been found."
Others soon joined them and reported on the supplies.  Apparently, Frederick had taken with him a heavy backpack loaded with food and supplies.  Otherwise their supplies were intact.  When all were assembled Heather explained why she had not been fully open with Frederick but apologized to all for her failure in preventing his escape.  She then tried to determine how much Frederick would have learned.  The young priest replied that Frederick asked many questions but he avoided answers and that Frederick appeared not to understand their way of speaking.  Some of the Forest reported he had watched their activities with an unusual interest, especially those setting out with Daniel to destroy the snow bridges.
Heather let the discussion go on for some time before interrupting them saying, "It would seem the time for planning is ending and the time for action is beginning.  We need to bring forward all of those from the large camp and move our forward camp onto the ice field.  Our scouting will now need to extend to the pass of those left behind and a relay set up for communication." She answered many questions and then asked, "Do those who returned from the land of those left behind with Frederick think the stranger learned of the cave of knowledge?"
The Hunter who had reported of the mission said, "The stranger would've learned not of the cave from us or his travels with us but it was discussed at our council.  I know not if he understood."
Heather turned to the young priest who spoke up saying, "Frederick asked no questions of the cave."
Heather closed the meeting by saying, "I would on the morrow, if the storm has weakened, that some be sent to the large camp to bring them forward.  Others I would have return to the cave of knowledge, to retrieve the priest studying there.  We must get them back to the safety of the Forest.  We will finish the planning after the breaking of the fast on the morrow."
Daniel and Heather visited for only a short while before Heather said, "I must sleep.  We will plan on the morrow." For a change it was Daniel who found himself laying awake worrying the future.  It was only as he began contemplating Betty's comment that he finally relaxed.  If one of the little people could have such trust in the spirits of the Forest, then he certainly should be able to trust in the God of the Sacred Water.
Morning came and after the breaking of the fast their planning resumed.  The wind had slackened but the snow continued.  Those of the Forest were confident and soon were on their way to the larger camp.  Those who were to cross the ice field had the additional delay of needing to reestablish climbing lines on the face of the ice cliff.  By midmorning the lines were secure, and as those who were to travel were preparing to leave, Heather told them, "I would the stranger Frederick not be allowed to return to those of the Red.  If by chance he is found, do what you must."
Heather had those remaining prepare to move forward onto the ice field and begin building the snow houses.  She instructed them to plan well so the houses would not be visible to those crossing from the other side of the ice field.  She was worried that much harder snow of the ice field would make building difficult but those of the Forest showed her a new iron version of the snow saw and thought they would be able to build without difficulty.
Soon all were gone except for Heather and Daniel with their Betty and three of the hunters with the young priest.  They joined together in the larger snow house for the midday meal.  They talked of moving supplies and supporting their small army.  Heather told them how much easier it was to plan with those of the Forest who were so self-sufficient, rather than a traditional army.  Still, much work was required to make sure they would survive the harshness of the ice field.  The discussion then turned to the best way of utilizing their small numbers.  Heather said, "I have thought much of this and the planning has been difficult.  We will number less than 200 and I would expect the army of the Red to be ten times that number.  I would also expect their weapons to have greater range than ours, which means we need to use surprise as our primary weapon and the harshness of the ice field as our major defense." She then explained how she would divide her forces into three divisions.  The largest division would be positioned on their side of the large remaining snow bridge.  A much smaller group would be positioned behind the expected enemy line.  This group would have the responsibility of disrupting the enemy scouting missions and attempts at resupply.  The third group would be given the responsibility of defending the ice cliff from those attempting to descend.
It was late the next day when those sent out onto the ice field returned with the priest from the Forest.  Heather needed not ask for the older priest explained, "It was five days ago that the smoke appeared in the cave of knowledge.  We left at once and were met by these of the Forest, who helped us across the snow bridge."
Heather calculated that the army of the Red were probably already onto the ice field.  They had but a few more days to prepare.  She told them, "We welcome you and would hear your story but not until after you have rested and eaten.  Settle into one of the snow houses and come join us for food and a little tea."
Daniel said, "I will prepare the oil stove and melt some snow for the tea.  How long before the army of the Red arrives?"
Heather was calm as she replied, "It would seem that the God of the Sacred Water is speeding things up.  Our enemy will arrive in three days if they travel as those of the Forest, but if they travel as the army of my father it could be over a week before they arrive.  I would expect they would push hard across the ice field, for they will suffer from the harshness greatly."
The evening meal was simple travel rations with a little warm tea to celebrate the safe arrival of the priest.  Their story was fairly simple.  They had spent the weeks remembering the scrolls with only a small portion of the time spent in studying the actual content.  When they returned to the monastery they would transcribe what they had remembered and then the studying would begin.  The young priest had many questions and as evening wore on, Heather's fatigue returned again.  She finally interrupted saying, "At first light in two days you must depart for the safety of the Forest.  Until that time, I would you teach our young priest all that you can about those of the Red, especially their weapons and their language.  Now I must rest."
As she was settling into her sleeping robes, Heather told Daniel, "I would you be prepared with your powder in two days’ time.  We need to plan for both the destruction of the snow bridge and possibly a means of creating an avalanche at the ice cliff.  Now I will sleep, knowing of your love."
Daniel gave her a gentle kiss and turned down the oil lamp.  He sat in the darkness, listening to his bride breathe and wondering somewhat at her fatigue.  Mostly he worried about what lay ahead and how he would use the powder to protect the Forest.  Betty to was soon asleep and yet Daniel sat with his thoughts.  He visualized in his mind a way of controlling the explosion of the powder.  If the powder could be contained within a very strong tube, the force would be directed entirely out of the end of the tube.  This would propel a projectile far faster and at a much greater distance than any catapult.  He took out his sketch pad and began drawing different possibilities.  The simplest solution was a thick metal tube closed on one end with only a small opening for a little powder trail.  The main charge of powder would be fed down the barrel of the tube and held in place with some wool packing.  Stones or steel balls could then be placed in the barrel.  When the powder trail was ignited the explosion should send the stones or steel balls flying outward at great speed.
It was late at night, the lamp almost empty of oil, when Daniel finished his drawing.  The morning light came and Heather and Betty left to complete the morning ritual with Daniel yet sleeping.  He awoke not until they began preparing for the breaking of the fast.  Heather asked why he slept so hard.  Daniel replied, "I thought of a new way of using the powder as a weapon and could not sleep until I had drawn out my idea.  Let us break fast together and I will share with you this idea."
Heather took great interest in Daniels plan but asked, "How would you build this new machine out here on the ice?
Daniel explained how the old furnace at the mining camp might be capable of producing the new weapon.  He asked her if the priest could not stop at the camp and present the drawing to those working at the camp.  Heather nodded her head in agreement before saying, "Time is short.  This new machine will help us not, but for those of the Southern Kingdom it may mean survival.  I will ask the priest to give your drawing to those working at the old mining camp." She continued, "Have you a plan for destroying the snow bridge?"
Daniel said, "If you would the bridge be destroyed while they are crossing, it is more complicated.  The powder must be kept dry and the burn tube which will ignite the powder will have to be short.  Using a candle to ignite the burn tube would give me ample time to move away if cover is available." He continued, "Preventing discovery of the device and the burning candle concerns me."
Heather asked, "Could we not use burning arrows to ignite the powder?"
"With the wind and the snow, this too would be difficult.  If we created a pool of oil in the small snow cave where I was going to hide the candle, it might be possible.  Maybe best if it was a backup plan to the candle." Daniel then asked, "Why is it important to destroy the bridge while they are crossing?"
Heather replied, "I would think there would be great fear of the ice field amongst those of the Red who are of the city.  Whatever we can do to increase that fear will give us great advantage.  I would not risk those of the Forest needlessly, but feel this is important."
Daniel said, "I will plan accordingly.  I would travel with Jeremy today to find the best location for the powder and the snow cave that will house the candle and the burning tube.  I will not place the powder or the burning tube until the day prior to the enemy arriving."
The day's activity seemed to continually increase in intensity as those of the large camp began to arrive.  Heather was so busy with her planning and directing that the day was gone and she had forgotten to eat the midday meal that Betty had brought her.  This resulted in a pretty firm scolding from Betty.  When Heather objected that she was not hungry, Betty stood as tall as she could with her hands on her hips and a very stern look on her face and said, "You will eat.  We need you be strong."
Heather replied, "I will eat and rest."
The evening meal was nearing the end when Daniel and Jeremy returned and with them was one of the long range scouts.  Heather welcomed them back warmly and said, "Rest and eat.  We would hear your story."
Jeremy began while he was yet eating saying, "It took Daniel almost forever to decide where he wanted to place the charge of his powder.  It is a good spot where archers can be protected and still have access to the opening of the snow cave.  The plan should work."
Heather thanked him for the report and asked the scout for his report.  He spoke slower than Jeremy with little emotion in his voice.  He had traveled hard and fatigue was obviously upon him.  He said, "The enemy should arrive with three more days of travel if the weather holds.  They are two to three thousand strong and most are pulling a sled with supplies.  They are truly an army of the Red." When he was asked to explain this he replied, "They are all dressed in bright red uniforms."
Heather asked, "Do they seem prepared for the harshness of the ice?"
The scout reported, "They are using standard tents and their boots seem to be of leather not of fur.  Most are on snowshoes."
Heather thanked him for his efforts and said, "On the morrow when we're both rested I would hear more, but for now let the stories continue."
In the morning she divided her small army into the respective groups.  Jeremy was to lead those who would position themselves behind the enemy lines and was to establish a communication relay back to Heather's main force.  Only thirty of the hunters would stay at the base camp to defend against anyone trying to descend the ice cliff.  This left Heather with only 150 of those of the Forest to defend the snow bridge.  They would need to also be prepared to spread out along the region of crevices to prevent those of the Red from building other bridges.  It was few against many.  As those of the Forest were dividing themselves up, she asked Edna to stay with those guarding the ice cliff, saying, "Betty hears you well.  It may be important and I would you listen hard to the spirits of the Forest."
Edna said in reply, "I will do as you ask.  I hear not as well as Betty of the little people but I will try."
By midmorning, camp was broken with the vast majority moving up onto the ice field.  Heather had to work hard to control her breathing and prevent any sweating.  When she finally reached the top of the cliff the starkness of the ice field settled in upon her and she began to daydream of soaking in a hot tub with a soft bed.  When Daniel asked her if she was all right she smiled and replied, "I was dreaming of the good times.  I pray to God of the Sacred Water that these hard times end soon and I can again share my life with you without such worry."
Daniel held her hand encased in the heavy fur mitten and said nothing.  They were soon again moving and traveled most of the day until they reached the region of the crevices.  As the sun was setting, a sliver of light came through the overcast sky and radiated off the huge crevice that lay ahead of them.  The redness of the light created almost a darkness of the ice and Heather had this horrible image of blood upon the snow.  She had to actually shake herself to clear the image from her mind.
The preparations continued and the night was short.  With the morning light, Jeremy's group moved off across the ice bridge to hide behind those of the Red.  The weather was cooperating by providing plenty of wind and some snow to obliterate all signs of travel.  Heather inspected Daniel's chamber for the powder and his plan of escape.  She said, "Your planning is good.  I would pray to the God of the Sacred Water that you would not have to take such a risk, but I know of no other way."
During the evening meal Heather told those with her, "By the setting of the sun on the morrow the army of the Red will arrive.  I would expect they would send scouts across the snow bridge.  I would these scouts find no trace of those of the Forest and be allowed to report back to those of the Red.  On the day following, I would expect the army to begin moving across by first sending a small group to defend our side of the snow bridge.  I would again those of the Forest remain invisible to those of the Red.  Only when the main troop starts crossing the snow bridge will we respond.  Our first response will be the igniting of Daniel's powder, and then we will need to make ourselves seem as if we are a thousand.  I pray to God of the Sacred Water for our success and your safety."
As they were preparing for the night Heather asked Betty, "Can you hear those of the Red?"
Betty replied, "I hear only the dull roar off in the distance."
Heather asked, "Can you hear the one you do don't like named Frederick?"
"I hear him not."
Despite her worries, Heather's fatigue brought sleep fairly quickly.  The scouting reports arrived with the morning light.  The army of the Red would indeed arrive by nightfall.  They had scouting parties of approximately ten soldiers fanning out ahead of the main party.  They seemed not to notice much of what those of the Forest would see but rather were intent only on spotting enemy troops.  They left obvious sign of their passage.
Everyone was working hard with final preparations.  Daniel had several help him with final construction of the snow cave for his powder and burn tube.  Others created the hiding structures for the archers who would provide backup for Daniel’s retreat and have the burning arrows to light the oil if needed.  To Heather, it seemed if she had given everyone a task except for herself.  She used the time to practice with her sword.  The activity seemed to relax her and her mind cleared somewhat.  She had planned her best and now it was up the God of the Sacred Water.


 Chapter 19

Morning light brought only a lighter grayness to the sky.  The wind was calm but everyone knew that by midmorning it would be blowing strong.  The day passed quickly with final preparations seemingly taking forever to complete.  Dusk was approaching when the first reports of the enemy scouts crossing the snow bridge were brought to Heather.  Those of the Forest, dressed in their heavy furs, were pretty much buried in the snow.  It would have been pure chance for those of the Red to have found them, but Heather worried any way.  Darkness was almost complete before the report came that the scouts had returned across the snow bridge.
The night was spent with those of the Forest buried in the snow trying to get some sleep, while a few kept watch.  Daniel knew not how to react to Heather when she began crying.  He did his best to hold her but with her bulky furs it was small comfort to either of them.  Betty spoke up saying, "It's okay to be scared.  We be all right."
Heather through her tears said, "I fear greatly and know not why.  I pray that the God of the Sacred Water grant me the strength to complete this mission."
Daniel said, "I think it is a combination of the high altitude and the cold which makes you so anxious.  We of the Forest know you to be a warrior and trust in you."
The tears increased again and Heather responded, "It is that trust which I think makes me fear the most, for if it is misplaced the damage that I will have done would be unbearable.  If I have planned wrong, what then?"
Daniel tried to rock her in his arms with only some success.  He finally said as he always did, "Only the God of the Sacred Water knows.  We will do our best."
Heather took comfort in his caring and words and sleep came.  Her dreams were mostly of Issip with occasional battle scenes to disrupt her otherwise restful night.  They were up before morning light and Heather and Betty completed their morning ritual.  The fast was broken with travel rations that had been warmed in their sleeping robes.  Heather’s spirits seem to have recovered and when the reports came that those of the Red had begun moving across the snow bridge, she passed the order to prepare for the counterattack.  They had planned well, and now, as Daniel had said, it was up to the God of the Sacred Water.  She kissed Daniel as he left to prepare to light his powder and he gave her a powerful hug.
Things proceeded as she had foreseen, with those of the Red sending a small number of troops across to secure both sides of the snow bridge.  Heather was getting impatient and when Betty first said something she heard her not.  Betty had to pull on her sleeve to finally get Heather's full attention.  She said, "I hear Frederick, the one I did not like."
Heather looked at her small companion and asked, "Is he now with those of the Red?
Betty responded by waving her hand towards the north and saying, "No.  He is that way with others."
"Others of the Red?"
Betty scrunched her face up and replied, "Not sure."
"How many others?"
Again Betty scrunched up her face and replied, "Not so many as here."
Heather held Betty by both shoulders and told her, "I would that you make Edna hear of Frederick."
Tears welled up in Betty's eyes as she looked up at her Princess saying, "I know not how."
Heather removed one of her fur mittens and wiped the tears from Betty's cheeks saying, "We will have to trust that the God of the Sacred Water will allow the spirits of the Forest to carry the message.  I would ask that for now you would sit here quietly in the snow house and think of Edna and of Frederick.  I would you keep your brain calm so the message is stronger.  You have provided us an important warning.  You do your part and I'll do my part."
With Betty nodding her head in acceptance, Heather left to seek out those of the Forest who were acting as messengers.  She told one, "Tell Daniel to light his powder now and return here as quickly as possible." To another she said, "Have scouts move to the north and seek out those who are moving towards the ice cliff.  They must be careful, for Frederick is with them and he will see much more than those of the Red."
Only a hundred or so advanced troops had moved across the ice bridge and major supplies had not yet begun traveling but Heather knew she could not wait.  Her enemy was outflanking her and her battle plan needed to change.  If the powder did not work they would be very hard-pressed to hold back those of the Red, and the other force led by Frederick would soon overwhelm those of the Forest left to guard the ice cliff.  Her enemy planned well.
Heather no longer sensed the deep penetrating cold, now she only felt the slowness of time as she waited for the thunder of the powder.  The time she expected came and went with no thunder, however, and her worry began to increase.  She prepared to order an attack on the advanced forces when a slow rumble began beneath her feet, followed by the thunderous roar of the powder echoing through the crevices.  Those of the Forest who were hidden in their buried snow houses rose up like ghosts from the snow and ice, with their bows ready.  Confusion at first overwhelmed those of the Red and the initial counterattack progressed well.  Those of the Red soon consolidated into a small circle with their backs to the ice crevice.  They began responding with arrows of their own, but to them it seemed as if the enemy would appear out of nowhere and then disappear again into the swirling snow.  Their numbers continued to dwindle and when they were down to a dozen, the white flag of surrender was raised.
While the battle raged, Heather waited impatiently for the return of Daniel.  When he and those of the Forest who accompanied him arrived, they were in high spirits as they described the power of the powder.  Heather listened to the story for only a short while before saying, "Those of the Red have sent a second force from the north to capture the ice cliff.  We must divide again our small force and protect our exit from this ice field.  I would fifty of the Forest accompany me to move back to the ice cliff.  We will need to prepare the powder."
Daniel asked, "And of those remaining?"
Heather responded, "Those remaining must make themselves appear as a thousand, and whenever those of the Red attempt a new crossing they must rise up out of the snow and destroy the effort.  We must appear as if we are truly the spirits of the Forest and strike fear into our enemy."
Questions were asked and Heather did her best to answer.  The prisoners were to be put under the care of the young priest who was to learn as much as he could from them and of their language.  She would depend on Jeremy and his small troop to provide the scouting reports they needed.  She closed by saying, "We are few and they are many but I believe the God of the Sacred Water will give us the strength we need to strike fear into their hearts.  We need not win this battle by conquering them but only by diverting them to the great gorge away from the Forest.  My prayers are with you."
As those of the Forest began organizing themselves, Heather returned to her small snow cave to check on Betty.  She asked in a quiet gentle voice, "Have you heard Edna?"
"I hear her and think she hears me.  I know not if she hears Frederick."
Heather asked, "And of Frederick, what do you hear?"
"I hear him and others like him and some more that sound like those of the Red.  Not so many as here.  They seem cold and tired."
Heather nodded her head saying, "I thank the God of the Sacred Water for your ability to hear.  Now we must travel hard to try and help Edna and the others.  Would you stay here or come with me?"
Betty looked up with a puzzled expression on her face and said, "Princess, I go with you."
Heather smiled and said, "We leave shortly and I am honored to have you with me, for you have courage."
Heather and her small troop traveled hard well into the night before stopping, still short of their goal.  The scouts brought back reports that the enemy consisted of about 100 men traveling on skis with light packs.  Frederick and about twenty others of those left behind accompanied those of the Red.  They were traveling almost as fast as those of the Forest could, and had reached the ice cliff just as darkness fell.  They descended not the ice cliff in the darkness.  Heather received the report and said, "We must rest.  The battle will begin most certainly at first light.  I would we arrived from the rear with the sun to our backs about an hour after first light.  We must pray to the God of the Sacred Water that Edna and the others of the Forest can hold them back until we arrive." When asked why they would not try to arrive sooner, Heather explained, "Their bows have longer range than those of the Forest.  We need to have their attention fully focused on descending the ice cliff.  If the air is clear on the morrow our only cover will be the sun at our backs.  Now we must all rest, except for the watch."
The scouts were out long before daylight and at morning light Heather and her small band moved out.  The scouts brought back reports of an archery battle at the ice cliff.  The longer-range of the enemy's bows provided an advantage, but those of the Forest were holding their own.  The enemy had posted sentries to watch their rear but had not sent out any scouts.  The sunrise was blood-red and the air was still.  Heather wished for a snowstorm to hide their advance, but it was not to be.  As they advanced silently towards the battle, she sent a few of the Forest forward to neutralize the sentries, telling them, "They must not be allowed to cry out."
By the time they arrived within striking distance the enemy had indeed focused its attention entirely on scaling the ice cliff.  Their archers had driven back those of the Forest enough that they had begun descending the cliff in large numbers.  Heather and her troops continued to close in and held their attack until their presence was finally noted.  As soon as the enemy’s alarm was sounded, they responded with volley after volley of arrows.  By the time they closed to within sword fighting distance, those remaining had escaped over the edge of the ice cliff.  Heather began chopping the climbing ropes with her sword, sending many to a crushing death.  Soon the battle reached a stalemate with their enemies occupying the base of the ice cliff and those of the Forest occupying both the top of the ice cliff and the lands surrounding the bottom.
Heather held conference with Daniel and others of the Forest.  She summarized the situation saying, "Those of the Red, and those who were left behind who have chosen to fight with the Red, have little in supplies.  We could simply wait and let the cold and hunger do our work, but that leaves our forces divided.  Our other option is to use Daniel's powder and conclude this portion of the battle."
Daniel was the first to speak up saying, "Can we not offer them the option of surrender?"
Heather shrugged her shoulders asking, "How would we present the offer? We speak not their language and anyone descending the cliff would probably forfeit their life."
One of the older hunters spoke up saying, "Dying of the cold and starvation is a most difficult death, and one I would not wish even on my enemies."
The discussion continued but the wisdom of the older hunter could not be denied.  The decision was made and Daniel began to prepare his powder.  Heather took Betty aside and asked her, "I would you try and hear Edna.  She needs to know of the coming explosion."
Betty sat on the snow and with her eyes closed and her face scrunched up she concentrated.  Tears began to form in her eyes and she looked up at Heather saying, "I hear not."
Heather's anxiety increased and she asked, "Are you sure?"
"I hear only a little echo."
Heather said, "That means she may yet live."
Heather returned to were Daniel was working and said, "You must hurry.  Your skills as a healer are needed from those below."
Daniel just nodded and proceeded to lay the trail of powder he would use to ignite the explosion.  When he was ready everyone moved back and the powder was lit.  It was a much smaller explosion than the one at the snow bridge, yet large enough that the ice beneath their feet shook with the force of it.  The ice slide began slowly but was soon racing down the ice cliff with an awesome force.  Those of the enemy below had only enough time to look upwards as imminent death bore down upon them.  Then all but the sentries posted away from the cliff were no more.
The ice had no sooner quit shaking when those of the Forest began descending the new face of the ice cliff.  The explosion had created a much deeper initial face but the climbing ropes were long enough to scale the cliff.  The ice slide had created an unstable area at the bottom and the going was slow over this unstable surface.  By the time Heather's troops reached firm footing, those who had been guarding the ice cliff had subdued the remaining enemy.  Only three of the Red and one of those left behind survived the ice slide.
Heather waited impatiently at the top of the ice field until the way had been cleared for her descent.  Those of the Forest lowered her by rope with only minimal input from Heather.  The sling seemed to gradually tighten and by the time her feet again were on firm ground she was all too glad to be rid of the constricting tightness.  Daniel was already treating those of the Forest.  The longer range and greater elevation had given those of the Red a more significant advantage then Heather had thought.  Only a few of the twenty who had been guarding the cliff escaped without injury.  Several had already died of their wounds.  When Edna was brought forth on a simple sled, she was unconscious.  As Daniel began his exam, Heather asked those of the Forest what had happened.  They told her Edna had climbed onto the ice face to better position herself during the battle.  Apparently her leg gave out, and she fell about twenty feet.  She was found unconscious but still breathing.
Daniel finished his exam and Heather asked impatiently, "Will she be all right?"
Without looking directly at Heather, Daniel replied, "She has broken no bones but has injured her head.  The eyes respond well to light so there is hope.  Only the God of the Sacred Water knows for sure."
"Can you heal her?"
Daniel now looked directly at Heather and the sadness in his face told the story.  He said only, "I know not how."
***
On the ice field the explosion was felt and those of the Forest perceived it as a positive sign.  Those of the Red could know not what it meant, but had to assume the worst.  They began sending out scouts to find alternative ways across the crevices.  Jeremy and his group of hunters followed these scouts.  Those who went to the north were eliminated as Heather had ordered.  Those who headed in the direction of the great gorge were allowed to continue.  Whenever it appeared they were attempting to build a new crossing with rope, a message was sent back across the crevices to those of the Forest.  Some of the Forest were always positioned and waiting.  If a line was successfully secured, they waited until those of the Red tried to cross, and then the line would be cut, sending the explorer to a frozen death.
To those of the Red it seemed as if the enemy simply arose from the ice itself.  They knew not that those of the Forest were tracking their movements so closely.  The uncertainty itself was a major morale factor.  They could not fight an enemy they could not see, and the ice itself seemed to be against them.  The ever-present cold numbed their spirits as well as their hands and feet.  The daily winds roared in their minds and robbed their bodies of even more heat.  Supplies were getting short and time seemed to lose all meaning.  A minor blizzard blew through that was of little consequence to those of the Forest, but to those of the Red who were not prepared, the cost was significant.  Sentries began to suffer from hypothermia and severe frostbite.
The scouts of the Red returned from the South with reports of the alternate route off of the ice through the great gorge.  The decision by the commander of those of the Red came quickly.  He wanted off of the ice as much as his men.  His orders were to proceed to the spring of the sacred water and secure it before moving towards the Southern Kingdom.  First they had to survive, and that meant getting off of the ice.  Once off of the ice he would seek another route, but survival of his army came first.  At morning light they broke camp and headed south towards the great gorge.
Jeremy left several of his group to follow those of the Red and he and others of the Forest made their way back across the crevices at their previously arranged crossing sites.  They dug out the concealed line and used an arrow to send it across the ice.  The one waiting on the opposite side secured the light line to the heavy line which they then pulled across the crevice.  After the line was secure they used a simple harness for safety and crawled across the line, which was then retrieved.  They met up with Heather on her side of the destroyed snow bridge, who had returned just the night before.
Heather received their report and could not help but join in the spontaneous celebration that was going on around her.  Only after Jeremy asked where Daniel was did Heather tell him of Edna's injury.  The gaiety immediately left him and he said, "I would have your permission to leave now to check on Edna."
Heather replied, "I would you delay for just a short time and allow me to finish my planning.  I would travel with you.  Our work here maybe finished but we must plan in case the Red change again."
Jeremy said nothing but simply nodded his head in agreement.  Heather then began giving orders to those of the Forest to maintain vigilance until those of the Red had descended into the great gorge.  After that, only groups of scouts would remain to stand watch.  All others were to return to the Forest.  With that, she and Jeremy departed the ice field, accompanied by only a small group of others from the Forest and the few of the Northern Kingdom.
They traveled lightly and made good time, but were not able to reach the ice cliff before darkness fell.  Everyone wanted off the ice, but Jeremy seemed the most anxious of all.  Left to himself, he would have proceeded but stopped as darkness set in and made camp.  His anxiousness was contagious and the party celebrated not their apparent victory with stories, but instead sought the solitude of their sleeping robes.  Before dawn they were again on the move and by midday were descending the ice cliff.  They found Daniel in the larger ice house caring for Edna and other wounded.  Jeremy, without greeting his friend, asked, "How is she?"
"She awakens not and her right eye is beginning to dilate."
Hearing Daniel speak these words without emotion hit Jeremy hard, and as tears formed in his eyes he asked in a soft voice, "What does that mean?"
Daniel turned to his friend and replied in a voice that was barely audible, "She may not live."
Heather spoke up asking, "Is there not hope?"
Daniel responded, "There is always hope, for only the God of the Sacred Water knows what will be.  I am afraid she is developing a blood clot on her brain, which if it continues will cause great damage."
Jeremy asked in a somewhat stronger voice, "Can you not drain this blood clot and prevent the damage? You are a healer."
Now Daniel had tears in his eyes as he looked at his friend and replied, "I have not the skill to do what you ask.  I have only read of, but never seen, such a procedure performed.  It is called the Mayan technique and they open the skull by scraping the bone and then drain the blood.  Done improperly, the procedure would likely kill."
Silence permeated the ice house as everyone stood and looked at the unconscious Edna.  The silence was broken by the small voice of Betty saying, "You fix her.  I hear her way far away.  She want you try."
Daniel responded, "But I have not the skill and she could die from my hands."
Betty said only, "You fix her now before she get too far away."
Daniel looked at Jeremy, whose attitude seemed to have changed with Betty's words and he told Daniel, "I have hope.  All I ask is that you do your best."
Daniel looked at Heather and she nodded her head in the affirmative saying only, "Only the God of the Sacred Water knows what will be, all we can do is our best."
Daniel stood in silence looking at Edna, struggling with his own fears and trying to come up with a vision of the surgery.  His mind visualized the scroll he had read many years ago.  This memory was not complete, but the drawings showing the opening on the side of the skull with a dilated pupil were clear.  How he wished for the memory of the young priest.  He remembered that the opening of the skull would either show blood immediately or beneath the brain covering.  Opening of the brain covering was much more dangerous.  He said a silent prayer to the God of the Sacred Water and turned towards his friend and said, "I will try."
Jeremy asked, "What do you need?"
Daniel responded, "I need more space, the other wounded need to be moved.  I need the sharpest flint you can find about the size of two fingers.  We will most certainly need the cautery rod and pot.  But mostly I need your prayers to the God of the Sacred Water that my skills are enough." He then added, "Edna must stay warm and I worry my hands will get too cold.  We had better set up the small cook stove and oil lantern.  We need to warm the ice house up enough to work, but not so much that it begins to melt."
While others completed the preparations, Daniel contemplated the surgery and tried to visualize the skull itself.  He began by first cutting and then shaving Edna's hair.  He positioned her in the heavy sleeping robe such that he could sit comfortably on a large pack without bending over too badly.  The filtered light within the ice house allowed pretty good visualization but distorted the colors somewhat.  His hands were already cold just from preparing for the surgery and he needed to put on his heavy fur mittens just to warm his hands.  When the coldness departed, his hands and his sense of feeling returned, and Daniel washed Edna's scalp with the sacred water and covered it with clean linens, trying to preserve her body warmth.  Nothing was as clean as he would've liked, but it was all he had.
When the preparations were done, Daniel turned to his friends and said, "I will need one of you to help but you must stay focused."
Everyone seemed to back away just a little except for Elrod who said, "I am not trained but will do my best to help.  You helped my wife Martha and I trust in you."
Daniel nodded his acceptance and said, "Your job will be to hold back the scalp and hand me the instruments I need.  I'm afraid your position will be uncomfortable and your hands will chill.  If you need a rest, you must speak up."
Daniel helped arrange a pack for Elrod to sit on, but he would need to lean forward in order to assist.  When everything seemed in order and the lamp positioned Daniel washed his hands and Elrod's hands in the sacred water and dried them with a clean cloth.  He examined the flint that Jeremy had provided and was satisfied.  Placing it and his obsidian knife in the sacred water, he stretched one last time and said, "I pray to the God of the Sacred Water that my skills are adequate."
Picking up the knife, he made in incision vertically in front of Edna's ear, extending from the top of the ear to the top of her head.  The obsidian knife cut cleanly down to the bone in one stroke.  Daniel then began using the cautery rod to seal off the bleeding vessels.  Elrod would use some of the cloth to mop up any blood.  Several of the larger vessels needed to be secured with thread.  When the bleeding had been controlled, Daniel placed large suture threads in both sides of the incision and had Elrod pull back on these, exposing the cream-colored bone of the skull.  By now everyone else had left the ice house, being unable to watch and unable to tolerate the stench of the burning flesh from the cautery rod.  Edna stirred not from the pain, but did groan ever so slightly.
Daniel now picked up the flint and began scraping the bone.  He needed to press firmly for the flint to work, but not so hard as to break the underlying bone.  It was tedious work and progressed very slowly.  The sound of the scraping was not unlike that of woodworking, but somewhat harsher.  About every ten minutes he needed to stop and warm his hands to return the circulation to his fingers so he could feel.  As the bone thinned it developed a more reddish color but he saw not the blue color he remembered reading about.  Without penetrating through the final thin layer of bone he enlarged the area of opening, scraping further back.  This did reveal a darker color and he continued scraping until the bone was thinner than the paper in his journal.
He now had an area the size of a small child's hand exposed, which had the dark blue color visible.  He took another rest and warmed his hands before carefully using the obsidian knife to break through and pick away the remaining thin layer of bone.  Underneath was the lining of the brain and below that was the blood clot that was compressing Edna's brain.  Daniel closed his eyes and took several deep breaths before again proceeding.  He warmed his hands and then using the obsidian knife, he ever so gently sliced through the covering of the brain.  Immediately, the old blood began oozing out, along with the fluid that the brain floated in.
When the majority of the blood had been removed, Daniel was looking at a living brain.  He stared at the thing in front of him for a full minute, in wonder, before resuming his work.  Using his instruments, he removed the remaining blood clot and searched for the vessel that was bleeding.  He found it at the top.  It was a small vessel and torn not quite completely apart.  Daniel's hands were again going numb from the cold and he needed to warm them again before proceeding.  Only after the stiffness had gone out of them did he attempt to place a suture around the bleeding vessel above and below the point of tear.  His hands were shaking slightly from the effort of being so gentle and he needed to pause and force himself to relax.  On the second try he was able to secure the vessel and the bleeding stopped.
Elrod spoke up for the first time saying, "I apologize but I must rest.  My hands can no longer hold."
Daniel replied, "You have done well and I also need to rest.  Warm your hands and stretch your back.  We need some time now to make sure all bleeding has stopped, so it is a good time to rest."
While they were yet resting, Heather came back into the ice house, and seeing them rest spoke, "Betty says she hears Edna better now.  How is the operation going?"
Daniel replied, "We have stopped the bleeding, so there is hope.  When our hands are warm we will soon finish up.  I have seen the living brain."
Heather could not help but shudder slightly from the thought but said nothing other than, "I will tell the others."
When their hands had again warmed, Daniel and Elrod returned to work.  He again inspected the area of bleeding and no new blood was visible.  He began to sew the brain covering together, placing his stitches very close together, trying to create a watertight seal.  When this was completed, he again used the hot cautery rod to seal a few more vessels that were bleeding along the edge of the scalp and the scraped skull bone.  This produced a more significant groaning from Edna and he said to Elrod, "She responds more to pain.  I have more hope." He then closed the scalp with multiple sutures.  He used a large amount of linen to dress the wound after he had again cleansed it with the sacred water.  When Elrod asked why he used so much cloth, Daniel explained, "The dressing is as much for warmth as it is to protect the wound.  Incisions that are very cold do not heal well.  We need to keep her warm."
Only after they had finished did Daniel realize how tired he was.  He stretched and again thanked Elrod for his help.  He said, "You deserve a rest and some fresh air.  Have one of the others come in and take the watch while I clean my instruments.
Elrod said, "It has been an honor to assist you, but it was the most difficult watch I have ever taken.  I envy not your work.  It is good that the God of the Sacred Water has provided us with people such as you that can do the work of a healer.  Some fresh air would be good."
Elrod was soon replaced by Jeremy who asked, "Is there hope?"
Daniel replied, "There is hope.  She is strong and if it is the will of the God of the Sacred Water she will recover.  We need now to keep her warm and hope infection does not set in."


Chapter 20

Daniel left Jeremy to watch over Edna and crawled out of the ice house into the late afternoon sun.  He stretched and breathed in the cold crisp air, trying to clear his mind of the stress.  Heather came up to him and said, "Would you walk with me?"
Daniel replied, "Walking with you is always a joy and I need some exercise to help clear my mind."
They walked in silence to the base of the ice cliff and just stood and watched the setting sun transform the wall of blue into ever deepening shades of orange and red.  As darkness settled, they headed back to the campground.  Heather finally spoke, saying, "We asked much of you, and can but thank you for your efforts.  You have done your best and now it is up to the God of the Sacred Water."
They were almost back to the camp before Daniel responded, "I pray that my efforts are enough.  I thought my skill inadequate, but apparently the God of the Sacred Water blessed me.  I have hope." He continued, "I will check on Edna and if she is doing well, I would join you for the breaking of bread.  I would expect Jeremy will stay with her."
Daniel found Jeremy sitting next to the still unconscious Edna.  Daniel checked her pulse, which was strong, and with the light of the lamp examined her pupils.  When he explained to Jeremy that the pupils were now both reacting to light, Jeremy knew not how to respond.  When Daniel explained that the pressure on her brain had been adequately relieved, Jeremy understood only that there was more hope and that was enough to bring a smile to his face.  Daniel then asked Jeremy if he would be willing to share the sleeping robes with Edna in order to help keep her warm.
Jeremy looked somewhat embarrassed and asked if Daniel thought it was proper.  Daniel said, "We must keep her warm until she recovers.  If she chills, the wound will not heal.  If we position her so you sleep back to back it would help keep her warm." When Jeremy nodded his head in agreement Daniel told him, "I will watch while you get something to eat and then you can take the watch."
After Jeremy had left, Daniel listened to Edna's lungs, which were clear but he did the breathing exercises anyway.  She groaned ever so slightly with the exertion and Daniel smiled to himself that she was responding.  When he squeezed her thumb she withdrew her hand, which was the first movement she had made.  There was hope.  When Jeremy returned, they positioned Edna on her side and Jeremy crawled under the sleeping robes after taking off his outer clothes.  Daniel told him, "As she awakens it is likely she will have some seizures.  You must keep her from falling but otherwise restrain her not too tightly.  These will pass as she heals."
Daniel joined Heather for an evening meal of travel rations.  They sat outside with others of the Forest and watched the lights of the northern sky flicker.  Sheets of green fluorescent light washed across the sky in waves and little was said.  Later, when they were together in the ice house, Heather asked, "When would it be safe to travel with Edna?"
Daniel responded, "It would be best to get her out of the cold but I would she not travel for at least three days.  After that time the risk of bleeding should be minimal.  Why do you ask?"
Heather explained, "It will be two to three days before those of the Red are off of the ice field and our scouts can report back.  After that I would leave for the Forest.  We need to prepare those of the Forest for the challenge of delaying the army of the Red as much as possible.  I would those of the Forest, who are willing, accompany me to the Northern Kingdom and from there to the Southern Kingdom.  The worst is probably yet to come and we must aid those of the South if we are able."
Daniel asked, "Why not travel directly to the Southern Kingdom via the trade route?"
"If the trade route is open your plan would work.  I would expect those of the Red would close this route immediately upon landing in the Southern Kingdom.  They will attempt to blockade all possible aid to the Southern Kingdom.  I know not how we will penetrate this blockade, but penetrate we will.  Most certainly your powder will be needed to defend our peoples."
Daniel had many other questions but Heather told him, "Our planning will have to wait for morning light, for now I must sleep.  I tire so easily and will be happy to be back in the Forest.  I just wish we could stay there in peace and share our love."
Daniel kissed his bride gently and rolled over, but slept not.  Images of the living brain he had seen kept intruding upon his mind.  It was only the regular breathing of Heather that finally relaxed him enough that sleep came.  Before first light he was up and went to check on Edna.  Jeremy too was awake and Daniel asked him how the night had gone.  Jeremy reported that Edna had made some groaning noises but had not moved.  Daniel took over the watch and carefully checked Edna.  There was no sign of fresh bleeding and both pupils responded.  When he pinched Edna's thumb she withdrew her hand and groaned, but did not awaken.
The concern in Jeremy's voice was obvious when he asked, "Why do you hurt her?"
Daniel explained that the only way to test her recovery until she awakens was to stimulate the pain fibers.  She was definitely progressing with a far better response.  He went on to guess that she would awaken within the next two days, but again cautioned about the seizures.  Jeremy listened to this explanation and finally said, "If you say so, I believe you.  It does not make sense to me that you hurt someone you are trying to heal, but if it helps her recover then it is a good thing.  What else can I do?"
Daniel said, "Heather would begin our return to the Forest as soon as the scouts return to report that those of the Red are free of the ice and into the great gorge.  We should expect to travel in two to three days.  Can you create a sled to carry Edna and the other wounded? Edna will need to have her head elevated and the least amount of shaking possible."
Jeremy replied, "We have little material to build with, but I think we can adapt our existing sleds.  We can travel fairly light because of the supplies those of the traders’ guild have cached along our route.  We will be ready to travel, but will Edna?"
Daniel said, "After three days the risk of bleeding will be much reduced.  She will heal far better if we can get her to a lower altitude and out of this cold.  The risk is acceptable."
When Daniel joined Heather and Betty for the breaking of the fast, Heather told him, "Betty says she hears Edna getting much closer but not here yet."
"Edna sleeps yet but responds more to stimulation.  Her eyes react well and her lungs remain clear.  I have hope." Daniel asked Betty, "When will Edna arrive?"
Betty replied with her mouth still half-full of food, "Not sure.  She scared to come back."
Heather asked, "Why is she scared?"
Betty said, "She not hurt where she is now."
"Well where is she?"
Betty replied, "Princess, she between here and the Forest."
"You mean she is somewhere out here in the frozen wilderness?"
Betty giggled and said, "Not like that.  She was going to become part of the Forest but I told her that we still needed her here.  She still scared to come back."
Daniel asked, "What is it like where she is?"
Betty cocked her head to the right and looked off in the distance as if she was trying hard listen.  She then said, "There is no wind there so much easier to hear.  She hear all of the Forest.  It is nice but the call of the Forest to return seems even nicer.  I would like to go there when it is my time."
Daniel asked, "Can she see where she is?"
Betty looked puzzled and replied, "I told you she hear all of the Forest.  She doesn't need to see."
Their discussion was interrupted by Jeremy yelling for help.  Daniel rushed out, followed by the others.  He found Jeremy trying to hold Edna in his arms as she was shaking violently.  He first checked to make sure she was breathing and then helped his friend gently support her until the shaking stopped.  Jeremy's eyes were wide with fear, but Daniel was calm enough and this calmness gradually settled Jeremy down.  Jeremy finally asked, "Is this the seizure you were talking about?"
Daniel did not look up from his examination but simply said it was so.  After several minutes he told them, "She is ever closer to waking.  I would expect a few more seizures before she returns fully to us.  I have hope."
Jeremy asked, "Can you not prevent the shaking? I'm afraid she will hurt herself."
Daniel explained, "The ether would stop the shaking, but I feel is more dangerous than the seizure itself.  Time will heal this but only the God of the Sacred Water knows when that will happen." Daniel thought about mentioning how the medicine of the Red Ambassador could be used, but decided to keep the knowledge to himself after the vision returned of the horrible death he had witnessed in the palace of the Southern Kingdom.  He told Jeremy, "Walk with me while the women freshen Edna."
They walked in silence for a while and then Daniel told Jeremy what they had learned from Betty.  They walked a fair ways before Jeremy said, "It would seem that if Edna lives I will owe Betty a great debt."
Daniel broke the tension with a great laugh saying, "It would seem that many of us owe this little one a great deal.  How one so small can be so powerful is a mystery.  Let us return and see how things are."
They found Heather and Betty sitting at Edna's side.  Edna seemed to be resting comfortably, and when Daniel examined her she reacted much more visibly to his stimulation.  It was obvious she was getting closer to returning to them.  Heather asked again about the safety of moving Edna.  Daniel finished changing the dressing on her head before replying, "The bleeding has stopped.  I would that we could magically move her to the Forest without the trauma of travel, but it is not so.  It is best to move her from this cold and altitude, there is a risk but I think it acceptable."
Heather said, "I would everyone plan to leave for the Forest on morning light on the day following the morrow.  I would expect to hear from the scouts by nightfall on the morrow.  We will travel at a pace acceptable to the wounded.  I would a scouting party be prepared to leave for the Forest as soon as we hear from the scouts.  We need to let the Forest Council and the kingdoms of the north and South know of our battle with those of the Red."
While Daniel spent the day with his healing, Heather spent her time writing letters to her father, Jason and the Forest Council.  Her summary of the battle itself was brief but her description of the capabilities of the army of the Red was more extensive.  She revealed not her future plans.  The day was coming to a close before Heather was satisfied with her letters and finally sealed them with wax and her ring imprint.
She joined Daniel for the evening meal, again the very monotonous travel rations.  The food held little interest but the gathering, as always, brought comfort and some joy to those gathered together.  After admonishing Heather to eat more, Betty left to relieve Jeremy of the watch.  Jeremy protested a bit about leaving and Betty said, "You go eat.  I will watch."
Jeremy left to do as he was told and Betty reached under the sleeping robes and held Edna's wrist as she had seen Daniel do.  She knew not what Daniel felt but it brought her comfort to do as he did.  When sitting at Edna’s side, ever so gently holding her wrist, Betty could hear Edna coming near but felt the fear she had of returning to their present.  She said out loud to Edna, "It okay.  You come back now."
In the dim light of the lamp Betty could not see Edna's eyes open but she knew nonetheless.  She spoke not, but only slightly squeezed Edna's wrist.  Edna responded with a low groan but otherwise lay still.  It was thus that Jeremy found them when he returned.  When he realized that Edna's eyes were not only open but followed his movements his feelings of joy and relief were such that he could not speak.
Betty stood up and said, "I leave you the watch.  She very tired."
When Betty had returned to the others she said simply, "She back."
Daniel asked, "You mean Edna has awakened?"
Betty just nodded in the affirmative as she began eating.  Daniel got up to go check on Edna but Betty stopped him saying, "She okay.  You leave Jeremy and her alone."
Daniel had to smile as he did as ordered, and the conversation returned to the planning for the journey home.  In the morning Daniel relieved Jeremy of the watch and examined Edna.  Her breathing remained strong and she responded to questions with only a simple yes or no, but she was responding.  The breathing treatment obviously tired her and she soon was asleep again.  When Jeremy returned Daniel said, "She heals, but will be weak for some time.  She is by nature strong and, if the God of the Sacred Water is willing, should recover completely."
Jeremy looked from Edna to Daniel and said, "I knew not how important Edna was to me until I realized that we might lose her.  I thank you for your efforts and thank the God of the Sacred Water for the skill he has given you in your healing."
Daniel replied not but simply squeezed his friend’s arm and left him to the watch.  When he returned to Heather, he told her of Edna's progress.  Heather listened with interest and then asked, "How is it that one not of Issip can see how much Edna and Jeremy mean to each other, but they see it not?"
Daniel shrugged his shoulders and said, "Since we were children people have been trying to pair up Edna and Jeremy but they would have none of it.  Seems they went out of their way to make sure they were never together, and when they were together they were always sparring.  Only the God of the Sacred Water knows why."
Their conversation was interrupted by the arrival of one of the scouts.  He reported that those of the Red had descended the ice field and were headed down the great gorge.  He went on to describe the small avalanche they had created to hurry them on their way.  His news was most welcome and that evening they had a celebration.  Their very precious firewood was used for a campfire and the meal was shared, followed by stories that went on into the night.  Heather's fatigue again forced her to seek the comfort of her sleeping robes long before the stories were finished.  The next day was spent on final preparations for their departure to the Forest.  The letters had been sent with a group of three who would travel quickly.  The rest would return to the Forest at the speed at which the injured could be safely moved.  They were traveling downhill and need not carry such heavy packs because of the supply caches that had been established.
At first light they were on the move.  As they traveled, others who had been on the ice field joined up with them and their troop gradually grew.  Many who had traveled with them were now entombed in their frozen graves.  Others were left behind as scouts to watch over the activity of those of the Red.  The prisoners were brought with and treated almost as members of their troop, for without the support of those of the Forest, the strangers would most certainly perish.  The young priest continued to learn of their language and was becoming proficient in communicating with them.  No pledge of loyalty was asked of them and Heather told them that if they respected the ways of the Forest, they would be welcomed.  If they chose not to respect the ways of the Forest, they would be abandoned.
Heather was not concerned with those of the Red, for being of the city they had no hope of survival.  The one remaining of those left behind was of a concern, however, because he could possibly survive if he chose to leave.  Stan of those left behind was asked his opinion.  The sorrow was evident as he tried to explain how Frederick and the others of his village had struck a bargain with those of the Red.  They had been promised the right to immigrate to the Forest if they helped with the conquest.  The destruction that those of the Red had created amongst their kinfolk had convinced the village elders that their only hope of survival was to collaborate.  The young man who survived was only doing as his elders ordered him.  Stan saw no danger in the young man and urged Heather to be lenient in her judgment.
Heather sought counsel with Daniel and others of the Forest.  They discussed the danger if the young man did escape and returned to his home village.  From a military perspective, Heather felt imprisonment or death were the only safe choices, neither of which seemed appropriate.  Betty spoke up from the edge of the council and said, "The Forest hears him well.  He not leave once in the Forest."
Heather responded, "You speak with wisdom.  I would this young man from those left behind be placed in a village near the center of the Forest.  I will leave it to the Forest Council to choose the village and plan for his integration into the Forest."
As they descended through the barren lands the temperature began to warm slightly and by mid-afternoon the snow was soft enough to make travel difficult.  Jeremy now had them up well before dawn and called a halt to travel when the snow became soft.  When they first spotted a small patch of bare ground on a southern exposure they all stopped and celebrated.  Jeremy, with much ceremony, searched diligently until he found a blade of green grass which he presented with great fanfare.  That single blade of green was the center point of their evening celebration.  As they continued their descent the snow continued to recede, which lifted their spirits but actually made travel more difficult.  They spotted their first tree two days later and again celebrated the event by having a real fire in the evening to tell their stories around.
Heather again had their course detour around the old mining camp.  The scouts brought back a report, however, that Daniel's invention was only partially successful because the copper was not strong enough to contain the explosion without wrapping it with many layers of wire.  Daniel received the news quietly and said nothing for several miles of travel as he thought about the problem.  He finally told Heather, "If we are to use the power of the powder in this device it will need to be made of iron.  Only the Southern Kingdom has the capability.  We will need to get a drawing to Jason and Arthur."
Heather asked, "What do you call this device?"
Daniel laughed and said, "I suppose calling it 'a long tube which uses exploding powder to launch rocks or metal balls' is a bit of a mouthful." "What do you think we should call it?"
Heather replied, "It reminds me of the canes we used as children to shoot peas at each other.  How about calling it a cannon?"
Daniel replied, "Sounds good to me.  I wonder if we could carry the copper one with us? We will need to speak to the traders’ guild."
By the time they reached the Forest proper, spring was already fully developed.  They arrived at the Forest Council and were met by the old priest.  He took charge of the prisoners and of the young priest while Heather and Daniel gave their report to the Council.  It was well past the evening mealtime when the Council finished.  Daniel and Heather were exhausted, and after having some real food in the tavern were more than happy to accept again the use of the small house.  Morning came and with it the breaking of the fast.  They were joined as always by Jeremy, who was now accompanied by a still very weak Edna.  Her spirits were lively and she participated well in the banter of the friendship.  Before the morning had progressed far, Daniel and Heather were asked back to the Council.
The Council chair opened the proceedings by summarizing the accomplishments of Heather and those of the Forest who had diverted the army of the Red from the Forest.  He then asked Heather what her planning was.  Heather replied, "The hard times have been averted but only temporarily.  If the Southern Kingdom falls, the Forest itself will fall.  We must aid those of the Southern Kingdom in any way possible.  The army of the Red descending through the great gorge must be delayed.  I would the spirits of the Forest be garnered in a full out effort to delay their progress.  I, and any who wish to accompany me, will proceed to the Southern Kingdom to offer our aid."
The Council discussed the many ways they could impede the progress of the Red army and then asked Heather what other aid they could provide.  Heather responded, "I would Daniel's new device, which we call a cannon, be brought along with as much of the powder as possible."
One from the traders’ guild asked, "Our reports indicate that those of the Red have begun to land downstream from the city of the Southern Kingdom.  The trade route will most certainly be closed within days.  How will you travel with supplies to the Southern Kingdom?"
Heather replied, "I agree, those of the Red will block all routes of support.  Travel by sea would be the only option with a long overland leg.  I would travel to the Northern Kingdom and confer with my father.  If I can assure him that the threat of an overland invasion through the Forest has been averted, he can then send his army back to the Southern Kingdom and counterattack."
There was a general discussion of warfare principles but those of the Forest have little knowledge or training in such matters.  The Council chair finally restored order by saying, "The God of the Sacred Water has given us Heather of the Northern Kingdom to provide guidance and planning in these hard times.  We shall leave the planning to her and do all we can to support her plan." He then asked those of the traders’ guild, "How long to transport the new cannon and the powder to the Northern Kingdom?"
The traders conferred amongst themselves and then one spoke up saying, "The trails have dried enough that a wagon can be used.  With great effort, we can deliver the supplies to the palace of the Northern Kingdom in two weeks."
Heather replied, "I will be ready to receive the supplies in two weeks at my father's palace."
The planning went on until well past the time of the evening meal.  When Daniel and Heather arrived at the tavern, they were very pleased to see Edna sitting at the table with Jeremy, who as always was entertaining everyone with the story.  Edna greeted them with a warm smile and had them join them at their table.  The food and spirits drained some of the stress from Heather and she actually relaxed for the first time since they had left Issip, when the spring was yet young.
Heather had planned on leaving for Issip at morning light but it was midday before they were on their way.  They traveled slowly by the standard of those of the Forest, but still made good time.  When they arrived in Issip, their house had been opened up and fresh flowers were on the table.  Daniel immediately began cleaning and storing his healing instruments while Heather wandered around the small house enjoying every detail.  At first she did not recognize the quilt on their bed but then realized it was the very quilt she had worked with Edna on.  She was so excited she made Daniel come immediately to see it.
His response was a somewhat muted, "That's pretty.  Where did it come from?"
"Don't you see? It is a wedding present from the women of Issip.  It is the quilt they let me help with.  See, here is the amulet I embroidered."
At this point Daniel knew he was supposed to be excited but knew not how.  He fingered the fabric and said, "It is a nice gift." If he had stopped there it would have been better but he added, "Why do you think it is so special?"
At this point Heather threw up her hands and said, "Don't you understand? It means they have accepted me as your wife!"
Now Daniel was truly puzzled and asked, "You are my wife, why would they not accept you?"
By now tears were flowing down Heather's cheeks as she sat on the bed and fingered the beautiful quilt.  She responded not.  Daniel just stood at her side with his hand on her shoulder and let her cry.  He knew the tears were tears of joy but the mystery of women and their tears remained unfathomable.
When they joined the others at the tavern it was impossibly full and yet room was made for them.  The steaming bowl of mutton soup and fresh warm bread seemed heavenly after all of the travel rations they had eaten.  It was not long until the stories started.  Heather was asked to tell of the battle but she declined, saying, "The victory of the battle on the great ice field was a victory for all those of the Forest.  It would be best that the story was told by one who can tell the story better than I." With that she turned towards Jeremy, who stood up on the chair and began telling the story of the battle on the great ice field.
The evening was long and the stories continued.  Edna and Heather were both very fatigued and left early for the comfort of their beds.  The evening light faded early despite the lengthening days, and Heather turned up the lamp in their small house.  She prepared for bed, making sure that Betty's cot was ready.  Crawling under the new quilt gave her a sense of belonging and comfort.  She laid awake only a short time, thinking of what a wonderful blessing the quilt represented.  Her dreams were interrupted only slightly when Daniel came to bed.  She instinctively rolled up against him and slept on.
The next day was spent in planning and preparing for yet another journey.  The day went quickly, and on schedule Jeremy, now accompanied by Edna, showed up suggesting it was time for the evening meal.  They had no sooner settled themselves at the table when Heather noticed the copper ring on Edna's finger.  She reached over and covered Edna's hand with her own and asked in a quiet voice, "What is the meaning of the ring?"
Edna responded, "Jeremy has suggested we marry, and I agreed!"
"When?!"
"Jeremy would we marry now but I think it better to wait until these hard times are over."
Before they could continue, others began to interrupt and a general uproar of approval ended the conversation.  Jeremy finally arose and formally announced his engagement to Edna, which resulted in a round of applause and calls for a formal kiss.  Edna stood and gently kissed Jeremy, which was followed by calls for a real kiss.  Jeremy complied and gave Edna a long passionate kiss in front of everyone.  Edna was obviously somewhat embarrassed and when asked about the engagement said, "It has always been obvious to me that someone would need a hole in their head to marry Jeremy.  Now Daniel has intentionally put a hole in my head so that I have to marry him!"
Jeremy's attempt at looking shocked and hurt was made futile by the huge smile on his face.  After the laughter had settled down the toasting began.  The evening was spent in joy and the worry about the hard times was for a while forgotten.  Despite the lateness of the evening, Jeremy and Edna arrived early for the breaking of the fast.  Their talk was both of planning for the wedding and the coming journey.  Edna participated little in the planning for the journey and it was obvious that she wished to accompany them but knew she was unable.
Heather asked, "Does the distance changed the way you hear Betty?"
Edna replied, "I hear Betty of the little people well but know not if the distance matters.  When you were on the ice field I heard her clearly."
Heather continued, "Do you think it possible to hear her from the Southern Kingdom?"
Edna asked, "Why would you know this?"
Heather said, "I would know the progress of the army of the Red through the great gorge.  If you could make Betty hear you report the progress, it would be a tremendous tactical advantage."
Edna now with a small smile replied, "This I can do and if the spirits of the Forest and the God of the Sacred Water allow, I will hear Betty and report the progress."
The planning was interrupted when Betty spoke up saying, "You marry today."
Both Edna and Jeremy began to protest that they had no priest to marry them but Betty replied simply, "He be here before the midday meal.  Travel planning can wait, you need to marry."
Edna looked at Jeremy and wanted to object that she had no hair but changed her mind and asked simply, "Why not?"
Jeremy was silent for but a moment before replying, "If I can get Daniel to stand with me it would work.  I had expected a bit more time to prepare the celebration."
Betty said, "The womenfolk are already preparing.  You and Daniel should leave so we can prepare Edna."
When Daniel and Jeremy had departed, Edna voiced her concern about marrying without any hair.  Heather just smiled and said, "Weddings work with or without hair.  I worry more that your honeymoon will be so short for we must depart in two days’ time.  Jeremy would need to leave within a week if he wishes to join us as we journey again to the Southern Kingdom."
Edna now seemed to have a bit of glow about her and she asked, "What shall I wear?
She had no sooner spoken the words than there was a small knock on the door and one of the ladies of the village presented with a wedding gown.  She said, "We have heard Betty of the little people and thought you may be needing this."
The gown was of the colors and design of the hunters’ guild with much hand embroidery.  Heather held the gown up to Edna and said, "It is beautiful.  You must try it on now."
While Betty helped Edna change, Heather visited about the planning that needed to be completed.  It seemed the women of the village were already preparing the celebration meal and word had gone out about the wedding.  When Edna came out of the bedroom she looked radiant in the gown and the glow of her smile seemed to light up the small house.  Her joy was thanks enough for the gift, but she voiced her gratitude nonetheless.  She subconsciously stroked her hair as if to straighten it but her hands met only the stubble that had grown since her surgery.
Heather could appreciate the feeling of nakedness that resulted when a woman lost her hair.  She said nothing but instead began to fashion a headdress for Edna.  Now the discussion was about the color and texture of the headdress.  The lady of the village said she might have just the right fabric, and left.  Heather and Betty continued to fuss over Edna, trying different color combinations.  Betty brought in different flowers and weaved them into a crown.  They were making progress, but still the effect was not quite right.  When the lady of the village returned, she brought with her a fine cloth with just a bit of a rust color that matched Edna's natural hair color.  Now, with a small headdress and the crown of flowers, the effect was right.
The young priest arrived along with others they had traveled with.  Betty's joy in seeing Larby again was evident to all.  The general commotion was too much for the small house and Heather shooed everyone out except Edna.  When they were alone, their talk was the talk of young brides.  The afternoon passed quickly and soon it was time for the celebration.  The village center was all prepared and Heather accompanied Edna.  As they approached the platform in the village center, the music started.  From the opposite direction, Daniel and Jeremy began their approach.  It seemed that everyone from Issip and all of the surrounding villages were there.  If Edna noticed all the people she gave no sign, walking tall, looking straight ahead.  They timed their arrival so they ascended the steps synchronously with Daniel and Jeremy.
When they reached the top of the platform, Heather and Daniel presented Edna and Jeremy to the young priest and the ceremony began.  The ceremony concluded with the public kiss, which had been Daniel's undoing in his own ceremony; Jeremy succeeded famously.  As they turned to greet their friends, they were met with a roar of approval that continued as they descended the center steps.  A line began to form and they greeted everyone on either side as they walked through the village center.  Flower petals showered down on them almost continuously.  When they reached the quilting room they were each handed a goblet of wine.  They ascended the small stairway and turned towards their friends and family.  Jeremy spoke up as he and Edna raised their glasses to those all assembled saying, "We drink this toast to all of you who have supported us, and to each other as we pledge our love to one another, and to the Forest."
A cheer again rose as they sipped their wine and kissed again.  Food began to appear on tables everywhere and soon Jeremy and Edna were seated.  The feast began with toasting of the bride and groom.  It was Daniel's responsibility for the first toast and he began, "I would toast my lifelong friend and companion Jeremy, and his bride Edna who have finally come together.  But first I would toast our families who have made this possible, even if they have already returned to the Forest, and also our companions who could not be with us because of the hard times." He raised his glass and took a sip of the wine along with everyone, even the young children.  He then continued, "To Jeremy, a true friend.  Edna has been blessed with the patience of the Forest itself for accepting Jeremy as her husband.  May they find happiness together always."
It was now Heather's turn and she stood behind Edna raising her glass and said, "To a woman of most unusual valor, and to her husband, to whom we all owe a great deal.  May these hard times end and may they enjoy life together in the peace of the Forest." After the cheering had died down, others rose and continued the toasting until Jeremy objected saying, "Enough with the toasting! If we do not eat soon I may pass out from hunger."
After the comments about him needing to maintain his strength had settled down, attention was turned in earnest to the feast before them.  The mountains of food disappeared rapidly and the joy of the community reverberated throughout the Forest.  Soon the music started again and it was time for the wedding dance.  Daniel asked Jeremy if he needed any help, but Jeremy deferred saying with a huge smile, "Unlike you, I should be able to handle this myself."
Daniel, looking injured, replied, "I was only trying to help.  Besides a little guidance might help protect Edna's feet from yours."
The bantering was interrupted by Edna presenting her hand to Jeremy who assisted her to the center of the courtyard.  The music changed to the traditional wedding dance song of the Forest.  There dance was at first slow but the pace of the music continued to build and the clapping added to the energy of the dance.  Heather watched, mesmerized by the sounds of the simple Forest instruments that seemed to raise her up onto a high cliff.  The music ended suddenly and Jeremy and Edna bowed to their friends who responded with ongoing applause.  Now others joined them for more traditional dancing, with everyone wanting to have their dance with the wedding couple.  Finally Edna's fatigue began to show and she and Jeremy returned to their seats to watch the celebration carry on.
The dancing continued until darkness was complete, then the bonfire was lit and the stories begun.  Heather noticed not that she'd fallen asleep, until Daniel gently squeezed her arm and suggested that maybe they had enough for the night.  She agreed and they excused themselves from the celebration.  It seems that Edna and Jeremy had also escaped by that time, but the stories went on long after.


Chapter 21

Their remaining time in Issip passed all too quickly, and Heather, Daniel and the others were soon on their way to the Northern Kingdom.  The weather cooperated and they made good time.  After several days they reached the bridge where Jeremy had diverted the guards by pretending to be a bear.  Even though the telling again of the story brought delight, Heather was aware once more of the danger Daniel faced in her homeland.  She spoke not, but the quietness of her demeanor was obvious to Daniel.
He said, "I promise to stay with you and those of the Forest, so please worry not about me.  The planning with your father must be your concern."
Heather replied with a warm smile and love in her eyes, saying, "We must be conscious of the danger but I do look forward to returning in peace to Issip.  I am sure my father will make the right decision, but not without the objection of many of his advisers.  I will do my best to persuade them."
They traveled on without bothering to send advanced notice to the palace.  They arrived at the gate late in the afternoon.  When asked to identify themselves, Heather spoke up saying, "Notify the King that his daughter Heather of Issip has returned and would meet with him."
There was an obvious flurry of activity and within a few minutes trumpets were sounded and the gate opened.  They were escorted to the palace by a squadron of the royal guard.  The officer in charge informed Heather that they had been on standby alert awaiting her arrival.  He went on to explain the tension within the kingdom and the news that the Southern Kingdom had been invaded.  Heather mostly listened and provided little information about the battle on the ice field.  As they proceeded to the palace, Heather spoke to Elrod and asked him to separate from the company and contact Capt.  Cook.  She said, "I would meet with him before the evening meal on the morrow.  I will send word as to the meeting place."
There were more trumpet sounds as they entered the palace proper.  They proceeded directly to the royal quarters and were met there by her father and his Queen.  The formalities were forgotten as Heather and her father shared a warm embrace.  Order was somewhat restored when the King turned to Daniel and extended his left hand, which Daniel took with both of his.  The King had tears in his eyes as he welcomed them and began giving orders for their hospitality.  Heather intruded not on his planning and simply joined with Daniel in the royal chambers.  When her father began lamenting the fact he had not made proper preparations for a feast, Heather told him, "Now is not the time for feasting.  I would enjoy your company and hear of your health and the health of the kingdom.  Planning can wait for the morrow."
Her father had many questions, most to do with her health and well-being, and Heather reassured him that she was doing well.  She avoided speaking of the battle and of the hard times, and he asked her not.  For this evening at least, they would be family.  The evening meal was soon ready and those who had traveled from the Forest joined the royal family for the partaking of the meal.  The King began the meal by thanking the God of the Sacred Water for the safety of his daughter and Daniel.  It was a simple meal by royal standards but for those who had become accustomed to the travel rations of the Forest, it was a feast.  It was not until time for the stories to begin that the King noticed Jeremy was not present.  Betty could not help giggling when he asked of the well-being of Jeremy.
Daniel explained, "Jeremy has been detained in the Forest because of a personal matter.  Seems Jeremy thought he and his new wife deserved more than two days together before he left again."
"Your Jeremy has married?"
Daniel told the story with somewhat less flair then Jeremy would have, but it was a good story nonetheless.  When he had finished the Queen spoke up saying, "Another wedding I have missed.  We must celebrate properly as soon as this problem with those of the Red Ambassador is finished." There was a raising of glasses to toast Jeremy and Edna.  The stories went on but soon Heather's fatigue began to show and she and Daniel excused themselves.
Before the breaking of the fast, Daniel was summoned to the King's chamber.  He asked Daniel, "My daughter seemed very tired, is she truly well?"
Daniel paused before replying, "Sir, your daughter has accomplished much but such accomplishment does extract a price.  There has been much hardship, and other than the fatigue she has held up well.  I sense no illness in her but I share your concern that she pushes herself too hard."
"I suppose that having her father tell her to slow down would be of no benefit, but I may try anyway.  She needs to let others carry the load." He then asked, "Would you be willing to evaluate my wife? I would value your opinion regarding her pregnancy."
Daniel responded, "If she is taking the sacred water she should be fine.  I would be happy to examine her, but it would be best if I could do it without antagonizing the royal physicians."
The King laughed a full-hearted laugh and said, "It would seem that you are learning the diplomatic skills that I have been unable to teach my daughter.  I will leave it to you to find a way to accomplish your evaluation.  Now let us join the others for the breaking of the fast, for I expect it will be a long day."
When Daniel joined Heather and the others in the dining hall, Heather asked what he and her father had talked about.  When Daniel responded, "Not much," Heather became even more interested, but it was not the proper time so she allowed the subject to drop.  As soon as the meal was over, Heather left with her father to meet with his advisers and spent the day reviewing what had occurred on the great ice field.  Daniel was left with the Queen and Betty, who was busy fussing over her baby who was now walking.  They made small talk until Betty asked if he would examine her son.
Daniel very gently examined the young boy, who was apparently growing normally.  As the exam turned more into a play session, Daniel asked the Queen, "Would you be willing to let Betty's boy feel your baby?"
The Queen readily agreed and laid-back against the pillows on her couch so that her pregnant abdomen was easy for the boy to reach.  Daniel took the boys hands and placed them against the abdomen telling the boy, "If you hold your hands very still you will feel the baby move." He was unsure if the boy understood but he did hold his hands very quietly and Daniel could feel over the top of them the movement of the baby quite easily.  It was an active baby.  Daniel moved the boy's hands slightly to assure himself that the head was pointed down and repeated the word, "baby" many times to the boy.  Finally the boy looked up and said, "baba."
Everybody smiled and the Queen said, "I think we may be raising another healer."
Betty spoke up saying, "Maybe but me think he be a sailor."
The Queen look was serious as she replied, "Betty, somehow you know things and you may be right.  I have missed you but am so glad you have traveled with Heather because she has needed you.  Hopefully you can now stay with us and raise your son here in the palace."
Before replying, Betty picked up her son and held him tightly.  Tears were streaming down her cheeks as she said, "The Princess still need me.  I have to go away again and leave my baby here." She looked up at the Queen and with a tremble in her voice asked, "You take care of him, please?"
The Queen's tears were added to Betty's as she replied, "I will, but are you sure you must travel again?"
Betty said, "We leave soon and it will be scary."
The Queen looked at Daniel for confirmation and he just nodded his head in the affirmative.  She asked, "Why can't others do this now.  You all have done enough."
Daniel responded not while he considered and finally said, "The God of the Sacred Water has made Heather who she is.  This we cannot change.  I would that peace magically returned to our lands, but it would appear that only sacrifice will bring that peace.  I and others of the Forest will travel with Heather and trust our lives with her planning because she is a warrior." He said no more.
Daniel was relieved when the conversation was brought to an end when an aide requested the Queen's presence for some official function.  She took a few minutes to dry her tears and compose herself before leaving with the aide.  Daniel mostly watched Betty play with her child until the time for the midday meal.
Heather was obviously not pleased with the way things had progressed but said little.  When the meal was completed, she asked Daniel to do two things.  She wanted Betty to have an excuse to enter the council chamber and observe the advisers.  She also wanted Daniel to have a message relayed to Capt.  Cook to meet them outside the guard station just before time of the evening meal.  Daniel thought for moment and replied, "The second request should serve as a reason to use Betty as a messenger." He asked, "Do you trust not the advisers?"
Heather would not answer but simply said, "I would have Betty's opinion of them."
Daniel had a message sent to Elrod who later appeared at the royal quarters.  Daniel relayed Heather's request and without questioning Elrod left to seek out Capt.  Cook.  It was halfway to the evening mealtime before he returned, affirming the meeting.  Daniel then asked Betty to tell Heather that the meeting was arranged saying, "You are to tell Heather that the meeting is as she requested but do not interrupt the council.  Heather would have you observe and try to hear those in the room.  Give her the message when she asks and then return to your baby."
Betty did as she was told and had to work hard to control her nervousness when she entered the council chamber.  Everyone ignored her and continued arguing.  She was at first too nervous to hear anyone, but gradually an image of those in the room formed.  When Heather finally waved to her she walked over and whispered in her ear that the meeting was as she had requested.  Heather then excused her and returned to the argument before the council.
Daniel was happily playing with Betty's baby when she returned.  Betty sat next to him on the floor in a quiet voice said, "I tried to hear them but some I did not like."
Daniel asked, "Which did you not like?"
"Mostly I didn't like the one with the tall red hat.  The one in the green robe wasn't very nice either."
They mostly played with the baby for another hour or so until Heather arrived.  She was not in good humor and said little as she and Daniel headed out to the guard station accompanied by several of those from the Forest.  When they arrived they found Capt.  Cook visiting with Elrod.  Heather said, "Come walk with us."
When they were out of hearing she told Capt.  Cook, "I fear those of the Red have influence here.  Our supplies will arrive in two days’ time.  I would the supplies be loaded without knowledge of them getting out.  In three days’ time I would depart."
Capt.  Cook responded, "I know little of politics but the word down at the docks is that there is discord in the palace.  If you could have the supplies delivered to the dock used by the free traders, the loading would be less visible.  The ship will be ready to sail in three days."
Elrod spoke up saying, "I will direct those of the Forest to the dock you described.  Some knowledge will most certainly leak out."
Heather responded, "All we can do is our best and pray that the God of the Sacred Water blesses us." She then added, "The mission will have some danger."
Capt.  Cook could not help smiling as he responded, "Princess, just knowing you is a danger in of itself.  My crew and I are committed to our oath and will be ready."
Heather thanked him with a simple smile and they returned to the guard station.  As they were walking back to the royal chambers, Heather asked Daniel if Betty had heard any of those in the council.  Daniel replied, "She did not like the one with the tall red hat or the one with the green robe."
Heather said nothing but did nod her head in agreement.  She then returned to her earlier question about what Daniel and her father had spoken about.  Daniel told her of her father's request to discreetly examine his wife's pregnancy.  Heather then wanted to know what he found.  Daniel replied, "It was not a real exam but I found nothing abnormal." Daniel did not bring up the discussion about Heather's fatigue.
The evening meal started out somewhat quiet because of Heather's mood, but gradually she relaxed and the evening progressed well.  When her stepmother brought up the issue of them leaving soon, Heather responded by saying only, “We shall see,” and then changing the subject.  The stories now included some of the events that occurred on the ice field.  Those of the Northern Kingdom were used to snow and ice but the bleakness of the landscape described was beyond their comprehension.  They seemed more interested in the descriptions of the island where they had found Larby.  Daniel was more than happy to describe in detail the nature of the things he had found.  Heather's yawning, however, was a signal for the evening to end.
Only in the security of their own bed did they discuss Heather's concerns regarding the discord she found in the council.  Daniel asked not why she kept their departure secret but instead listened to her complaints about her father's advisers.  He had little to offer other than reminding Heather that only the God of the Sacred Water knew what would be and they could only do their best.  Heather finally relaxed in the comfort of her Daniel's arms, and slept.
The next two days just added to Heather's frustration and she seemed to relax only when she learned that those of the Forest had arrived and were safely aboard the Red Ambassador’s ship.  It was not until the breaking of the fast on their day of departure that her father learned of their mission.  They arrived in the dining hall dressed for travel.  The King lamented that they could not possibly be leaving already, but Heather said only, "It is time.  I have tried to explain the urgency to your advisors but they listen not.  I now pray to the God of the Sacred Water for your strength to do what is right despite your advisors."
Heather's departure brought tears to her father's eyes and all those of the royal household but she held her head erect and would hear not of changing her plans.  She said only that her mission was to aid those of the Southern Kingdom in any way possible.  Those of the Forest and others joined her as they proceeded out the gates of the palace.  All were dressed for travel and carrying heavy packs.  Jeremy did not show up until they were almost to the ship.  He had been obviously traveling hard and Daniel gave him significant grief for being almost late.  Jeremy protested that he had been busy but had made it on time.  All around them had a good laugh at Jeremy's expense, and then he was welcomed warmly by all.
Many eyes watched their departure and boarding and Heather knew that some were not friendly.  It was not until they were safely aboard the ship and cast off that she began to relax.  Her army consisted of less than 100 but they carried aboard Daniel's powder, which she hoped would be enough to turn the tide of battle.  Elrod had again assumed the responsibility of getting those of the Forest prepared for the sea.  Larby was at once at home and began working with the crew.  Spring was ended and the journey down the river should have been pleasant, but Heather's thoughts kept returning to the frustrations she experienced with her father's advisors.  Daniel stood by her side in the bow of the boat and said nothing for a long time.  Finally he asked, "Why are the Kingdom’s advisors in discord?"
Heather explained, "The trading guild advisor refused to acknowledge the risk and pushed hard to send a delegation to sue for peace with those of the Red.  Others tended to agree, mostly because of personal fear I think, but others for reasons I could not comprehend.  They would understand not that compromise with those of the Red was not possible, despite my explaining the plight of those left behind."
Daniel asked, "You feel those of the Red may have influence over some of the advisors?"
"Yes, but no proof.  I would trust Betty's opinion and the one with the tall red hat was indeed the trading guild advisor.  Those of my father's kingdom know not of the spirits of the Forest and would not have been able to understand."
"What do we do now?"
Heather responded, "We enjoy each other while we can, for the hard times are almost upon us again.  We will pray to the God of the Sacred Water that my father has the strength to make the right decision and lead his army back to the Southern Kingdom in a counterattack.  If those of the Red are allowed to establish a foothold in the Southern Kingdom, they will subjugate our peoples and deprive us of the sacred water and our lives."
They made good time down the river and by nightfall they were approaching the bar and the open ocean.  Heather was enjoying the scent of the salt air and knew before Capt.  Cook said anything that the bar would be a bit rough.  She accepted Elrod's ginger tea, but as the pitching and rolling increased, she began to develop the sickness of the sea.  She moved topside and was soon at the rail feeding the fish.  Daniel and Betty were at her side, and after the nausea subsided, Betty helped her back to the cabin to lie down.  After she had settled Heather into the bed she said, "Your baby not like the sea yet."
Heather began to protest but then realized that she did not remember having her womanly cycle for the past few months.  She tried to rationalize that it was just because of the stress, but in her heart she knew Betty was right.  No wonder she had been so tired.  She subconsciously rubbed her belly but could feel no baby – just a little fullness.
Betty said, "You be okay.  Baby will get used to the sea."
Heather asked, "What is Daniel going to think?"
"He like babies.  He played with mine nice."
"But we have a battle to fight and I need to do my part.  Maybe we should tell him not of the baby."
"He your husband.  I think best to tell."
Their conversation was interrupted when Daniel entered the cabin saying, "Capt.  John says things will settle down now." Both Betty and Heather were looking at him in a most unusual way and he sat on the edge of the bed before asking, "Is something wrong?"
Heather assured him that nothing was wrong and Betty got up quietly and left the cabin.  He sat there holding Heather's hand, which she gently placed on her lower abdomen and said nothing.  Finally he realized what Heather was saying without speaking.
He asked, "You are with child?"
"Betty says I am and I suspect she is correct."
Daniel for a moment became a healer and carefully palpated Heather's womb which was indeed mildly enlarged to about a two or three month pregnancy.  He said, "No wonder you have been fatigued."
Their talk was initially the joyful talk of expectant parents, but then Daniel recalled his dream of Heather leading the charge.  The joy drained from his face and Heather knew his thoughts had returned to the hard times.  Daniel asked, "What of the coming battle?"
Heather responded, "I will need to do my part."
"But what of our baby?"
Heather could not hold back the tears as she replied, "It is because of the baby that I must do my part.  Don't you see? There is no future if those of the Red win."
Daniel was quiet with a faraway look.  He finally responded, "I know what you speak is true, but my heart allows me not to hear you.  I fear greatly for you and now also for our baby.  I would there be another way."
Heather spoke not but simply held Daniel's hand.  After many minutes Daniel said, "It would be best for you to rest.  I need time to think." He gave his bride a very gentle kiss and covered her with the sleeping robes.  He then went topside and sat near the bow of the boat watching the waves and noticing not the chill of the ocean air.
Some time later Jeremy approached saying, "Betty told me to come find you.  Is something not right?"
Without looking up at Jeremy, Daniel replied, "Everything is not right.  When we were on our voyage south I had a dream or vision of Heather leading the charge against those of the Red.  Now I learn she is pregnant with our child.  My worry has magnified itself greatly and I know not how to deal with it."
Jeremy sat next to Daniel and said, "Not even the biggest bear in the Forest dares to challenge the she-lion of the mountain when she is with her kits.  I think it is maybe those of the Red that have the most to fear."
Daniel was slow to speak but finally replied, "What you say is probably true, yet the worry weighs upon me greatly.  I know not if the worry about Heather and our baby is worse, or the thought of life without her.  I am not sure that my will to live is strong enough to survive, if I were to lose her."
They sat silently for some time before Jeremy said, "It was not until we almost lost Edna that I recognized my love of her.  I have faith that the God of the Sacred Water will watch over you and Heather."
Daniel stood and thanked Jeremy for his friendship and left to check on Heather.  She was asleep and Daniel quietly joined her under the sleeping robes.  Sleep came not easily, but eventually the movement of the boat overcame his anxiety and he slept.  During the night he dreamt of his grandfather who was busy doing the work of a healer and said nothing.  It was only as the dream was ending that his grandfather looked directly at him and said, "It will be as the God of the Sacred Water deems it.  It is our job to do our best and worry not."
As he and Heather were breaking the fast together Daniel said, "I had a visit from my grandfather last night.  He brought comfort to me.  I think I can control my worry now.  I ask only that you exert yourself no more than necessary and take no chance unnecessarily."
Heather gently nodded her head and said, "This I can promise and will listen to your advice, for I wish no harm come to our baby." Heather then changed the subject and asked, "Is it possible to test your cannon while we are at sea?"
"If we started with a very small charge it should be safe enough.  Do you think we may encounter those of the Red while at sea?"
Heather responded, "Probably not at sea, but I fear they may be patrolling outside of the passages.  My father's armies have fortified the passages themselves and I think they will be safe enough.  The ships of those of the Red have some sort of catapult on board that would endanger us if we were discovered.  Your cannon could be important."
Capt.  John was concerned about the possible danger of fire and would not allow the testing until he had water on board and the pumps ready for any possible fire.  The cannon was then brought up from the hold, with some difficulty because of its massive weight.  Capt.  John directed the crew to secure it with so many lines that it appeared that the cannon was encased in a giant spider web.  Only after he was satisfied that the cannon could not come loose did he allow Daniel to proceed.
Daniel used just a handful of powder followed by the linen patch that was used to pack the powder firmly at the bottom of the cannon.  He then placed one copper ball in the cannon and dribbled a small amount of powder into the small hole at the bottom of the cannon.  When everyone had stepped back away from the cannon, he touched the powder with the torch and it almost instantly caused an explosion within the cannon.  The cannon belched forth a mighty cloud of white smoke which initially hid the trajectory of the cannonball.  Only the lookout on the mast had a clear view.  They calculated the distance and realized it was several arrow shots in length from the boat to the point the ball struck the water.
Capt.  John was suitably impressed by the test and suggested the more difficult challenge of hitting a floating target some distance away.  After much discussion, they decided to toss a barrel overboard and sail back around to come again abeam of the barrel.  Daniel prepared the cannon again, using only a small amount of powder as Capt.  John repositioned the ship.  The barrel was about three arrow shots away from the boat when Daniel fired the cannon again.  He had loaded it with four smaller copper balls.  The wind was enough to partially blow the smoke away and Daniel could see that he had overshot the target.
Capt.  John repositioned the ship while Daniel again prepared the cannon.  This time, Daniel pointed somewhat lower and when he ignited the powder the four small copper balls went shooting out in the cloud of white smoke.  This time all four balls fell reasonably close to the barrel, but none struck it.  Capt.  John was satisfied but Daniel wanted more practice.  They circled around one more time and exploded the cannon again.  This time one of the four balls actually struck the barrel and a cheer went up from everyone on board.
Daniel would have continued his practice but Heather was anxious to proceed.  They had decided to use the formerly secret passage in the hope of reducing contact with those of the Red.  As they approached the passage, the new military post was evident in the Narrows.  They dropped anchor and sent one of their boats to report their status to the military base.  While waiting for the report Heather studied the cliffs above the installation and asked Jeremy, "Could those of the Forest scale those cliffs to attack from above?"
Jeremy studied the cliffs himself for a while before replying, "I would need to see them up closer but they appear manageable with ropes."
"With those of the Red be able to scale the cliffs?"
Jeremy replied, "Their skill in climbing seems not great at least as we witnessed at the ice cliff.  I know not if they have some who would be expert."
Heather said, "I worry not about this anymore.  There is enough to worry about."
They shared the evening meal with the base commander who informed them that their lookouts had spotted what appeared to be a ship of the Red patrolling outside of the passage.  There had been no attempt at testing their defenses.  He felt confident in his ability to control the passage because only daytime navigation was possible.  He had no other news of the war.
In the morning they weighed anchor and began moving into the Narrows.  The siren song began and increased until they finally exited the Narrows.  As the passage opened up, the lookout spotted a ship on the horizon.  A call to arms was issued by Capt.  John and they prepared to try to out-run the ship of the Red.  With full sails, their ship began to gain speed.  It was soon spotted by those aboard the ship of the Red, which changed course to intercept them.  It would be a close race with the wind only slightly favoring Capt.  John.  Heather held counsel with those of the Forest and had many prepare to ascend the mast and rigging with their arrows.  Daniel began preparing his cannon and Heather practiced with her sword.
For almost an hour they raced outward and at first it appeared they would outrun those of the Red.  Capt.  John kept sighting with his small scope, measuring the angle between the ships.  Finally he announced, "We cannot win this race.  Prepare for battle."
Daniel carefully packed a medium charge into his cannon and filled it with four of the copper balls.  When the ships had closed to within three arrow lengths, those of the Red began preparing their catapult.  Before they could fire the catapult, Daniel lit the powder charge in his cannon.  The explosion and smoke obscured his vision but the lookout announced that one of the balls had indeed struck the ship.  The site of the smoke and the sound of the explosion was enough to give those of the Red pause.  Daniel repacked his cannon, adding slightly more powder and again used the four copper balls.  He looked up at Capt.  John, who nodded his head, and again Daniel set fire to the powder in the cannon.  The explosion again filled the air with white smoke.  This time, two of the balls struck the ship and the lookout cried out, "You have struck their mast and it appears broken!"
The distance between the boats now started to increase.  Heather debated continuing the attack but decided the risk of doing so would endanger their mission.  She ordered Capt.  John to proceed onward, leaving behind the damaged ship.  While others were celebrating their victory, Daniel was examining his cannon.  The larger charge had seemed to cause a slight bulge despite the many layers of wire which had been wrapped around the copper tube.  When Capt.  John congratulated him he replied, "It seems that two handfuls of powder is all that can be used.  I have slightly damaged the tube by using three handfuls.  This would be a much more effective weapon made of the iron those of the Southern Kingdom produce."
The evening meal was a mini celebration of their victory.  And it was only after as Heather left to relieve Capt.  John of the watch that the planning continued.  Capt.  John asked if she had decided on a landing point and Heather responded, "We need to get Daniel's powder to the Southern Kingdom safely.  It would seem the two best choices would either be the Smuggler’s Cove or a landing south of the river with a much longer overland journey." She then asked, "What would be your advice?"
Capt.  John said, "Smuggler’s Cove may be risky if those of the Red are patrolling.  The anchorage just south of the river mouth would be a reasonable site of landing, with only a bit longer of overland travel.  The cove two days south may be the safest, assuming no other ships are there."
Heather was trying to calculate the travel time of the various landing sites and finally had Jeremy sent for.  Jeremy quickly estimated the time saying, "I assume we will enter along the western wall.  Smuggler’s Cove would be less than three days’ travel but would require a river crossing.  The anchorage just south of the river mouth would be about four days’ travel, with the first day being the most difficult because of the high hills along the coast.  It would be at least a week of travel with water concerns from the cove with the cliffs." He then added, "I don't suppose sailing right up the river would be a good plan."
Capt.  John interjected, "It might be possible to sail up the river if we assumed those of the Red were confident enough to not have posted defenses."
Heather said, "I would not take such a chance, despite my feeling of urgency.  I also like not traveling up the southern shore of the river for there is little cover.  It would seem that exploring Smuggler’s Cove and landing there, if possible, would be the most expedient route.  If the area is patrolled then continuing on for the two days of travel to the cove with the cliffs would be our alternate choice.  We have experience in traveling undetected from Smuggler’s Cove."
Capt.  John concurred with the plan and left to get some rest while Heather assumed the watch.  She was again more comfortable with the motion of the sea and, except for first thing in the morning, was tolerating it well.  It was a gentle early summer day with light winds and the evening was quite pleasant.  Daniel joined her for the watch and together they enjoyed the travel of the sun over the horizon and the sky filled with color.  As darkness set in the stars showed themselves, and soon the entire sky was filled with points of light.  It was not until the end of her watch that the moon began to rise in the East.  When Capt.  John returned to assume the watch he said only that it was their turn to rest.
It was on the second night, when the moon was almost full, that they spotted the hill marking the entrance to Smuggler’s Cove.  Capt.  John kept the ship offshore and one of the boats was lowered with four of the Sea to row and two from the Forest to scout.  Those of the Sea beached the boat only long enough to unload those of the Forest and then they pulled back offshore to wait.  The scouts moved quickly and quietly inland.  They found no sign of recent activity and completed to circles of the area.  On their return to the beach, they signaled for the boat by calling as an owl.  The response was the sound of oars squeaking in the oarlocks with gentle splashing sounds as the oars entered the water.
When the report was given back at the ship, activity increased.  Capt.  John brought the ship as near the shore as he could and they began unloading the supplies.  They had but a few hours of darkness left and it was a race to complete the task.  The cannon and brass balls with a keg of powder were left with Capt.  John.  Heather instructed him, "I would you patrol south of the river and if any supply ships from those of the Red attempt to enter into the river, that they be stopped." She added, "We will signal you that it is safe to return with two separate signal fires on the hill to the south of the river.  If we light three signal fires, we wish for you to return to Smuggler’s Cove."
Capt.  John agreed and said, "Princess, I expect whatever you are planning is far more dangerous and important that I can imagine, so I pray to the God of the Sacred Water for your success and safety.  We will do as you ask and respond to the signal fires."
Heather then joined the others on the shore and began quickly moving inland.  Their packs were heavy and they traveled not far until shelter was found.  Sentries were posted and scouts sent ahead; others were instructed to get some sleep.  They found no sign of those of the Red but still traveled only at night.  Despite Heather's sense of urgency, they traveled slower than planned because of their heavy packs.  After four nights of travel they finally arrived opposite the city of the Southern Kingdom.  Heather took time during the daytime rest to ascend a hilltop overlooking the city and river.  Over fifty ships of those of the Red were amassed in an anchorage just upriver from the main harbor.  They were obviously out of reach from the catapults of the city walls.
Heather spent much time observing the defenses of those of the Red.  Daniel was more intrigued by the alignment of the ships in the current.  They were in three alternating rows, which obviously had made anchoring easier.  He asked Heather, "Do the ships always stay in such a pattern?"
Heather thought for a moment before replying, "They are above the effect of the tide so their position will change little." She asked, "Why do you ask?"
Daniel looked at Jeremy and said, "When we were boys we would practice floating pinecones down the creek trying to hit a target.  The ships reminded me of the game and maybe we could do the same thing."
Heather was nodding her head as she said, "Except now we would be using your powder instead of pinecones.  If it would work it would be a significant blow to the enemy."
Jeremy spoke up saying, "Why don't you stay here and rest.  I will cross the river upstream and release a series of branches.  You can track how they drift and then we can come up with a plan."
Heather said, "A good plan.  Jeremy of Issip you be careful and be seen not.  It may be best if you take some others with you to act as lookouts."
It was midday before Daniel spotted Jeremy and a few others of the Forest along the river edge upstream from the boats.  Jeremy flashed his signal mirror but Daniel responded not for fear of revealing their presence.  From their vantage point they could see Jeremy gradually wade out into the river and release branches.  The first branches all floated up against the shore before reaching the boats.  Only after Jeremy and the others moved closer to the boats along a small curve in the river did the branches they released begin to float amongst the ships.  The current was slow and it took to the count of 200 before the first ship was reached.  Daniel used his sketchpad to draw the river and the position of release.  Heather became anxious that those of the Red would notice the activity, but no response was raised.
Daniel and Heather met up with the others back at the camp in the shelter of a few trees.  They shared travel rations as they conferred.  Jeremy studied Daniel's drawings and agreed with the point to release their floating weapons.  Now the problem was to create a waterproof container for the powder and the candle.  Much discussion ensued and it was finally decided to make small baskets out of dried reeds to hold the powder.  Small hollow logs would be used as boats, with rocks tied to the bottom to ensure their stability.  Heather suggested that if they tied two or three of their devices together with light line, they would more likely become tangled in the anchor lines and float against the ships before detonating.
They broke camp as darkness fell and moved the five miles upstream to the fjord Jeremy had used.  Once shelter was found on the southern side of the river, they set up camp.  The rest period was begun and it was midmorning before they began constructing their devices.  While some weaved the tight baskets from dried reeds, others scoured the edge of the river for hollow logs and branches from the many cottonwood trees.  Daniel filled each basket with two handfuls of his powder then carefully created the powder wick that would ignite when the candle burned down.  Jeremy spent his time attaching rocks to the bottom of the logs so they would drift upright and keep the powder dry.  Heather figured that if they could separate their devices about ten paces, they would float reasonably parallel down the river.
The work was not finished until nightfall and after the evening meal of travel rations, Heather again called a rest period.  About midnight, everyone was awakened and prepared for travel.  A few were sent back across the river to act as observers on the high hill, others were sent forward as scouts.  Daniel and Jeremy took a dozen others of the Forest with them to launch their devices.  Heather told them, "Wait until just before the breaking of dawn and then light your devices.  It would be best to release them quickly and then retreat to safe ground.  We will proceed to the west gate and meet you at the camping site where we first met Arthur." With that, Heather and her remaining force shouldered their heavy packs and moved out into the night.
***
Daniel's troop followed Jeremy's track back to the curve just above the anchorage site.  It took them almost three hours to arrive back at the point of the river for their planned release.  They prepared a dozen strings of the devices, using two or three devices on each string.  One of the Forest would wade out into the river, stretching the string tight, and only when all twelve strings were ready did Daniel begin lighting them.  Jeremy directed their release at various distances from shore.  The strings furthest out often required the holder of one end to actually swim out towards the center of the river before releasing the string.  All twelve strings were released within a few minutes and the troop began their retreat.  They had not traveled far when the first explosion was heard.  Daniel tried to keep track of the total number, but so many occurred almost simultaneously that he lost count around twenty.
Heather's group had traveled several miles but could still faintly hear the sound of the explosions.  Everyone stopped spontaneously and listened, but heard nothing but silence after the explosion stopped.  Soon, one of the scouts returned and reported that from a hill he had seen evidence of a fire.  Daybreak was almost upon them and Heather considered stopping to make camp, but decided increasing the distance between her and those of the Red was more important.  They traveled on until almost midday before they found shelter and made camp.  They were just finishing their travel rations when Daniel and Jeremy showed up, along with the others of the Forest.  They were in high spirits and wanted to know if Heather's group had heard the explosions.  After a brief celebration everyone sought out some shelter from the sun for the rest period.  Daniel wished to discuss the attack further, but Heather was so fatigued she had no choice but to sleep.
One of the observers returned about dusk and Heather awoke long enough to hear his report that three of the ships had been set afire by the explosions and others appeared damaged.  Her fatigue was so obvious that Daniel asked, "Are we far enough removed that it would be safe to rest a day?"
Heather responded, "I would we could move faster but I think you are right.  It seems those of the Red have not penetrated much into the countryside and I think it's safe to travel during daylight.  We will leave again at morning light.  I would the sentries and scouts continue their work and all others rest."
Daniel lay next to Heather, who was soon asleep, but his mind wanted to rest not.  It was long into the night before he finally fell asleep.  Heather and Betty had already completed their morning ritual before Daniel arose.  The remaining observers had returned and reported that two of the ships had sunk and several had been cast free and drifted downriver.  Three of the ships had burned to the water line.  Apparently the attack had caused the army of the Red to pull back in order to protect their ships from further attack.  Heather was well pleased with the report.
They broke camp and traveled hard, reaching their prior campsite before nightfall.  The scouting reports were favorable with no evidence of enemy troops.  Once the sentries were posted, Heather held counsel with those that accompanied her.  She told them, "The war being waged is of a siege and is not a war that the skills brought by those of the Forest can contribute to much.  I need to meet with King Jason and plan a strategy.  I would expect we will continue our fight outside of the city walls.  For now we will secure our camp and send a message to Jason."
Much discussion ensued about how the message should be delivered.  Finally it was decided that as before, they would meet in secret by having Jeremy scale the wall of the castle and deliver Heather directly.  Jeremy suggested that maybe he should check out the taverns by the western gate to make sure nothing had changed, but Heather figured maybe just scouting for the best smuggler’s tunnel would be more appropriate.  Jeremy and a few others left soon after on their scouting mission.


Chapter 22

Jeremy and the others arrived back at camp in time for the breaking of the fast.  Their fatigue was showing but yet they remained excited.  The smuggler’s tunnel had changed little but the guard was heavier at the gate itself.  They had no trouble entering the city and there was no activity to speak of.  Things overall seemed little changed from their last visit during the war between the kingdoms.  After they had eaten, Heather sent them off for a rest period and continued her planning.  She had teams of scouts sent out with the goal of identifying any spreading activity from those of the Red.  She also wanted information on game availability and other available supplies from the countryside.
When the scouts had departed, Heather and Daniel continued planning.  Heather said, "From the hilltop it seemed as if the catapult devices of those of the Red were much more massive than those of our peoples.  Will your cannon device be able to destroy such machines as those?"
Daniel replied, "The power of the powder will be adequate if the iron tubes have strength enough to contain it.  I will not know until we try."
"I would that the strength be enough, for a frontal assault will be quite costly to the lives and families of the soldiers of the Southern Kingdom.  It appears that the wall has already suffered from the attack and it will be but a few weeks before the defenses of the Southern Kingdom are breached."
The planning went on but in mid-afternoon they took a rest period in the shade, relaxing in the relative safety of their camp and the comfort of each other.  They joined those remaining for the evening meal and the stories.  Darkness was approaching when they joined Jeremy for the trip into the city.  Heather was not surprised when Betty also appeared ready to travel, and left Elrod in charge of making sure their camp remained secure.  The four companions traveled easily and the darkness slowed them little.  The breach in the wall Jeremy had chosen was indeed the same one Betty had used on her prior visit.  She shuddered and her hand massaged the scar on her chest as she recalled the physical attack she had endured, but spoke not.
There was some activity at the taverns but otherwise the streets were quiet.  Heather could tell their general direction of travel whenever she saw a glimpse of the stars, but otherwise relied entirely upon Jeremy.  When they arrived, shortly before dawn, Jeremy again scaled the wall of the palace and secured his climbing rope.  First Heather, then Daniel and finally Betty ascended the wall and climbed into the sitting room of the royal quarters.  When Jeremy joined them they debated awakening Jason but decided instead to get some rest themselves.
Later in the morning, when Jason arose, he was alarmed when he saw four figures sleeping in his sitting room, but realized quickly he was again being visited by those of the Forest.  He tried to be quiet but Jeremy had already seen him and given him a hand wave of recognition.  The others too were soon awake and Betty and Heather were excused for their morning ritual.  Jason spoke to his aid and had extra food prepared for the breaking of the fast, as well as sending for Arthur.
When Arthur arrived, he was less surprised to see those of the Forest and in way of greeting said, "Since the explosions and fires destroyed several of the ships, I had been expecting the spirits of the Forest to again appear.  Your attack has greatly relieved the pressure on our city wall, for at least a short time." 
Arthur had many more questions but Jason interrupted saying, "It is time for the breaking of the fast, let us enjoy this food together and then begin the work of the day with our planning." The talk during the breaking of the fast was of each other's personal well-being.  Jason was especially excited to hear of Jeremy's wedding and declared, "I would propose a royal party to celebrate such an event.  Your wife must be one special person, whom I would very much like to meet."
The meal was soon finished and now the talk was of the hard times on the ice field and of the invasion of the Southern Kingdom.  Jason was most interested in the story of those left behind, but Arthur's interest was in the military capability of those of the Red.  Discussion of the present situation did not begin until the time of the midday meal.  As before, Jason insisted that the food be enjoyed and work would wait.
After the meal the discussion was of their attack on the ships of the Red.  Arthur was impressed with their strategy and the power of the powder.  This led to the discussion of Daniel's cannon device.  Arthur reported that the workmen had completed two of the iron tubes and hundreds of the iron balls Daniel had requested.  Daniel was now excited to examine them and began trial firings.  Heather asked if one of the cannons could be brought to a secure area of the palace for Daniel to work with.  Arthur and Jason conferred and came up with a suitable site and word was sent out to accomplish the task.
Heather then said, "We will need to transfer Daniel's powder from our camp to here.  I would the transfer be kept quiet, for I know not if those of the Red still have ears within the kingdom.  Once Daniel begins testing his cannon device our presence will be well known."
Arthur responded, "I would assume those of the Red indeed have spies within our walls.  If you can deliver the powder to the east gate, I can have a wagon meet you outside the gate with a driver I trust and an escort of palace guards." He then asked, "Is this device capable of destroying the catapult being used against our walls?"
Daniel described briefly the copper cannon they had used aboard the ship and its effectiveness.  He then added, "If the iron tube has strength enough, the powder will have the ability to destroy their machines of war."
While Daniel and Arthur discussed the details of the cannon device, Jason asked Heather, "What plans have you for yourself and those of the Forest with you?"
Heather hesitated before replying, "Those of the Forest are not well-suited for a siege type of war and belong not contained within walls.  I would expect we will function mostly as scouts and as a small mobile attack force.  The greatest weakness of our enemy is his long supply line.  I would do my best to disrupt that line."
Jason thought carefully before responding, "It would seem that you have chosen a dangerous mission for yourself.  Must you take such a risk?"
Heather answered not saying only, "What must be done, must be done."
As Daniel left to examine the iron tube, the discussion turned to the army of the Northern Kingdom.  The sadness evident on Heather's face told the story as much as her words, "I fear that those of the Red have infiltrated deeply into the Kingdom of the north and some of my father's advisers are pushing hard to sue for peace with those of the Red."
Jason asked, "Understand they not the danger to all of our peoples?"
"My father understands well, but he is not yet whole and I can only pray to the God of the Sacred Water that he has the strength to overcome his advisers." Heather continued, "We must plan as if the army of the Northern Kingdom will not arrive.  The army of the Red that has crossed the ice field will soon be descending through the great gorge.  I would expect them to be much weakened from the hardship and lack of food.  We must not allow them easy access to provisions."
Arthur spoke up saying, "We can order an evacuation of the valley, but our people will not be happy leaving their crops."
Betty for the first time spoke up saying, "I heard Edna.  Many come in about eight days."
Jason wanted to know how Betty knew what was coming but Heather only explained that the spirits of the Forest were strong in Betty.  She then went on saying, "We must move quickly on the evacuation.  Those of the Red will take all to strengthen themselves for the upcoming battle."
Jason agreed and Arthur left to give the orders for the evacuation.  While he was gone, they discussed what Heather thought the battle plan of those of the Red would be.  Heather explained how she felt those of the Red would continue to attack the wall, and that when the reinforcements arrived they would probably mount a frontal assault.  If they were successful in destroying the machines of war with Daniel's cannon, then the war would become a war of attrition.  Whichever side starved first would lose the battle.  Arthur returned and heard the end of the discussion.  He was in agreement with Heather's assessment.
Jason asked, "What is our goal in the battle? Simple survival?"
Heather took on the appearance of her grandmother as she replied, "We need a decisive victory to ensure that those of the Red fear to again attack us."
Jason was a little startled by the fierceness of Heather and responded, "You are probably right, but I would think that long-term peace will only be achieved by establishing formal trade.  But that is for the future.  For now we must concentrate on the battle at hand."
The time for the evening meal had already arrived and Jason excused himself to share the meal with those of the palace.  Arthur remained with those of the Forest and continued with the planning in the royal chambers.  By the time Jason had returned, they had decided on an initial plan.  By midday on the morrow a wagon would depart the palace for the western gate and underneath cover would be those of the Forest.  A small troop of the royal guard would accompany the wagon, which would turn south towards the barren lands.  When safely out of sight, those of the Forest would make their way back to their camp.  By dawn of the next day those of the Forest would again meet up with the wagon, and bring with them Daniel's powder.
Heather explained, "While Daniel finishes the cannon I will be preparing an attack on the supply lines for those of the Red.  I would expect the cannon to cause significant confusion and will take advantage of the confusion to damage what I can.  In three days at morning light, the counterattack will begin."
Arthur added, "I will have two columns of troops prepared and will attack the flanks of the enemy.  I would expect not to be able to overwhelm their defenses but at least it will add further to the confusion.
The hour was not yet late but Heather's fatigue was showing and Daniel insisted it was time for some rest.  Arthur left to complete his preparations and Jason retired to his quarters with Jeremy, who continued the stories of the ice field.  The sleeping robes and pads seemed luxurious after their long journeys and Heather was soon asleep.  Daniel's mind was busy with the thoughts of the cannon, with intermittent intense feelings of worry for his wife.  Sleep came late and his dreams were troubled.
The breaking of the fast was much earlier than normal for Jason but they had much work to accomplish before their midday departure.  Those of the Forest would be moved from the royal quarters to the wagon in a large chest to maintain their secrecy.  The thought of being closed-in appealed not at all to Daniel, but he understood the need.  As the planning continued, Daniel made a private request to Jason asking, "I would a horse for my bride to ride." He explained not the reason for the request, nor his fears of the daydream he had experienced while on the ship.
Jason but nodded his head saying, "This is the least we can do for someone who has done so much for us."
The time for departure came and yet much planning remained to be done.  Heather proposed that Daniel stay behind to complete the work on his cannon.  Daniel objected, but the logic of Heather's proposal held sway.  They embraced tightly and both had tears in their eyes as Heather climbed into her chest and the lid was closed.  Seeing his bride confined in the chest brought back horrible images of his own confinement and Daniel could not help but shudder.  He controlled his emotions only by returning to work on the cannon as his three companions left.
It was not until they were well outside the city gate before the chests were opened and those of the Forest again given freedom.  Heather told those of the palace to continue to the south for two more hours of travel and then to wait.  When one of the palace guards dismounted a beautiful white horse and handed the reins to Heather, she asked, "What do you call this beautiful creature?"
The guard replied, "She is called, ‘Spirit’ and she is a gift from our King Jason."
Heather ever so gently stroked the horse's neck and talked softly into its ears.  She looked at the guard and said, "I accept this gift.  Report to King Jason that I was much pleased by his gift." With that, she placed her left foot in the stirrup and seemed to just float up onto the saddle.  Jeremy picked up Betty and placed her behind Heather.  With a simple wave to the palace guard, they headed back north.  They made excellent time, with Jeremy setting the pace with the loping run of those of the Forest.
They arrived back at their campsite as darkness was gathering in the east.  They took time for food and some stories before Heather sent out twenty of those of the Forest to carry Daniel's powder back to the waiting wagon and the palace guard.  Heather listened to the reports from the guards, but her fatigue made concentrating hard.  She finally said, "I must rest.  After the breaking of the morning fast I would hear the rest of the reports and finish our planning."
After Heather and Betty had completed their morning ritual they joined the others for the breaking of the fast.  Heather listened to the scouting reports of how those of the Red had begun sending out small parties to scour the countryside for food.  They destroyed everything they did not take.  They had established two supply depots between the base camp and the ships, which were now scattered up and down the river.  Only the more eastern of the supply depots had reasonable cover for an approach.
It was midday before the reports were all heard.  They shared the midday meal but Heather said little as she considered her options.  Only after the eating was complete did she begin to describe her plan to those of the Forest.  They would position themselves for an attack on the eastern supply depot at morning light.  Their goal was to destroy as much of the supplies as possible.  Jeremy would be responsible for the lighting of Daniel's powder in the camp.  A few of the Forest would be given the task of attacking one of the anchored ships, using a simple raft to approach in the darkness and set a charge of powder.  After the attack, all were to scatter into the hills and return to the camp only after all pursuit had been evaded.
Heather spent the afternoon practicing with her sword, and Betty emulated her using her small dagger.  The evening meal was quiet and everyone took advantage of the rest period, sleeping if they could.  Around midnight, Jeremy had everyone up and prepared for travel.  Heather was concerned that the horse would leave a trail too easy to follow, but Jeremy assured her that those of the Forest would follow behind and obliterate the path.  They traveled quickly through the night and arrived at the hill overlooking the supply depot, about an hour before sunup.  Heather sent the scouts forward and took advantage of her last chance to rest.
Just as the sky began to lighten, she and the rest of those of the Forest began moving into position along the edge of the camp, hiding in the rock outcroppings.  As daylight became evident, the silence was broken by a booming sound arising from the city walls.  The camp guard became active and the troops were soon positioning themselves along the road to the city to protect against a possible attack.  The booming sounds continued on a regular basis as Daniel continued firing his cannon.  Soon another explosion was heard along the river and smoke began to appear.
The camp guard gave orders and divided his troops, with half marching towards the river.  Heather now gave the signal and the scouts from the Forest began eliminating the camp guards.  No warning was cried out, and soon Heather's troop moved into the camp itself.  Jeremy was a whirlwind of activity as he placed small containers of the powder near each storage tent.  When he had finished, those of the Forest with the torches ready lit the powder trails.  The smoke was quickly followed by multiple small explosions and fires.  Heather and those of the Forest began a rapid withdrawal up the hill.  The camp guard was initially so concerned about the fires that the pursuit was delayed.
Heather debated doing battle on the hillside, but decided instead to withdraw completely and fight another day.  With Betty behind her on the horse, they made rapid their retreat.  They continue to ascend into the high country and only after many miles separated them from the camp did they begin dispersing.  Jeremy led her along a rocky shelf where the horse left no trail.  The journey back to camp was long and convoluted but Jeremy was taking no chances on those of the Red following the trail.  The scouts who had been acting as observers were already at camp.  Heather listened to a summary of their reports, about the success of their mission, before retiring to her tent for much-needed rest.
She was awakened almost twelve hours later by a gentle kiss and looked up to see her Daniel leaning over her.  She instinctively reached up and hugged his neck for all she was worth.  Eventually the call of nature overcame her contentment of holding Daniel, and she arose to complete the morning ritual.  Indeed it was morning, but now already two days after her attack.  Those of the Forest were already gathered for the breaking of the fast when she and Daniel joined them.  They had lost one from the Forest in the attack on the ship with several wounded.  Heather grieved for the loss, but the needs of the present quickly overcame the grief and they resumed their planning.
Daniel reported of the partial success with the cannon.  They had successfully destroyed one of the war machines, but those of the Red had succeeded in moving the other one behind a small embankment, which protected it.  The superior weapons used by those of the Red had been adequate to overcome the charges by the forces of the South.  A significant battle victory, but yet not enough to ensure their survival.  It was late morning before the reports were all fully given.  Heather thanked everyone for their efforts and reports and stood, saying, "We have been successful in our first effort but much more is yet to come.  I would everyone rest as much as possible, for you deserve it greatly." She then turned to Daniel and said, "I would walk with you."
They walked hand-in-hand around the confines of the camp, staying within their perimeter of sentries.  At first they talked of the battle and of Daniel's cannon but gradually the talk turned to their own future and their dreams.  For most of an hour they were at peace but the arrival of the long-range scout brought them back to the present.  The scout had traveled hard and great fatigue was evident.  His report was simple, "The army of the north marches and will arrive in four days’ time."
Heather responded, "Your news is of great importance.  Now you must rest and eat."
Heather's pace had noticeably quickened and she walked with strong determination but said nothing.  Finally she announced, "We must meet with Jason and Arthur tonight."
"I will find Jeremy.  Arthur had the old soldier guide me to the gate.  He will be waiting there for any messages."
Heather thought for some time about whether to maintain her secrecy or risk using Arthur's messaging system.  She trusted not everyone at the palace.  She asked Daniel, "Could Jason and Arthur meet us at the east gate without raising too much notice?"
Daniel thought for a while before replying, "Most certainly Arthur could meet us, but for Jason to travel in secrecy would seem difficult."
Heather said, "Time is becoming critical.  We would save a day if the meeting could be held near the east gate.  I would risk losing some of our secrecy to gain that day.  For now let us hold council with those of the Forest."
While Daniel left to find Jeremy and send the message to Arthur and Jason, Heather arranged for all available from the Forest to meet for the holding of council.  In short time, those of the Forest were gathered around her in the center of the camp.  Daniel and Jeremy had not yet arrived when Heather began the meeting.  She first told them of the imminent arrival of her father's army and also of the army of the Red descending through the great gorge.  She spent time explaining the normal siege tactics of traditional warfare, and how frequently the winner was the one who avoided starvation the longest.  She then said, "I believe we must completely defeat those of the Red if we would have peace in our lands.  A simple withdrawal of the forces of the Red would be but a temporary victory."
She was interrupted by a question asking, "Does that mean all of those of the Red must die?"
Heather nodded her head in appreciation of the question and answered, "No, but we must force them to surrender unconditionally and deprive them of their ability to escape without surrendering."
Another asked, "How do we prevent their escape by sea?"
Heather smiled slightly as the question was leading directly to her reason for calling the council.  She responded, "Escape over the ice field is no longer possible because of the season already growing late, so escape by sea would be their only choice.  We must come up with a plan to destroy more of their ships."
The survivor of the recent attack spoke up saying, "Those of the Red have taken much greater precautions.  Attacking the ships as before will be very costly."
Daniel and Jeremy arrived, with Jeremy carrying several rabbits from his hunt.  Heather but nodded towards them to acknowledge their arrival.  She said, "I agree with the danger of repeating our attack.  I would a new plan with less danger."
One of the traders from the Forest who had stayed with them spoke up saying, "Could we not use oil floating on the water to start a fire?"
Heather asked, "Were could we get enough oil and how would we transport it?"
The trader responded, "Those of the South make an oil out of the seeds of their wine grapes.  It is stored in small cask, which could be carried with only some difficulty."
One of the hunters added, "There is much hay stored in the valley.  It could be used to add to the fire."
The conversation went on with many suggestions for increasing the strength of their floating fire.  Heather turned to Daniel and asked, "What think you of this plan?"
Daniel responded, "I would expect the downstream ships to simply pull anchor and sail away from the fire."
Heather asked, "And where would they sail to?"
"They could simply sail to the opposite side of the river and be perfectly safe."
Heather then asked, "And if one of your cannons was set up on the high hill on the north side of the river, what then?"
Daniel thought for a moment before replying, "With the advantage of the height the cannon would be a potent weapon until the forces of the Red counterattacked." He then added, "How would we move the cannon across the river without being detected?"
Jeremy spoke up saying, "Those of the Red have many patrols out, but they are easily evaded.  If the cannon could be moved in a small wagon I think I can get it across the river by moving upstream about ten miles."
The discussion continued for some time before Betty spoke up saying, "Larby would be heard."
Heather turned to the quiet stranger from the Southland and said, "We would hear what you would say."
Larby looked only at Heather as he asked in his still heavy accent, "Can we not just disable these wonderful ships rather than destroy them?"
Heather asked, "How could this be done?"
Larby responded, "If these ships are like the one we sailed in, turning of the helm activates the rudder by moving a rope.  If this rope was cut, the rudder would be unable to respond and the boat uncontrollable.  The sandbars would soon capture the disabled vessel."
One of the Forest asked, "Would they not simply replace the rope?"
Larby answered without turning his attention from Heather by saying, "It would take several hours of work and the ship would still need to be pulled from the sandbar."
Heather asked, "How would you approach the ships without being seen for they have guards looking out?"
Larby responded, "I would expect the guards to be watching upstream.  I would approach in a small canoe from downriver, in the darkness of the night."
Heather spoke not for several moments and Larby began to worry that he had offended her.  He was about to apologize when Heather spoke up, saying, "Larby, you are of the Sea and I trust what you say.  If you are willing to take on this task, so be it.  We will assist as we can, but those of the Forest know little of ships." She then asked if any others would work with Larby, and Stan from those left behind spoke up and agreed to assist.
The discussion continued for some time but a general plan had been formulated.  Heather thanked everyone for their input and said, "We have much work and little time.  I need an envoy to carry a message to my father, and scouts sent up the great gorge to track those of the Red.  By the breaking of the fast on the morrow we will have completed the planning, and then it will be up to the God of the Sacred Water.  For now, I must rest and will write the letter to my father."
Heather and Daniel retreated to their tent and Heather used some of Daniel's paper and wrote a brief letter explaining the battle situation.  She requested that her father divide his troops and set up an ambush of those of the Red who were descending through the great gorge.  The smaller force would continue on and provide backup protection for those of the Forest retreating from their attack on the ships.  She closed by saying, "By joining together we can win this war and secure peace for our peoples." She signed the letter, "With much love, your daughter."
As she was sealing the letter Daniel asked how she could be certain her father was leading the army.  Heather responded simply, "He is."
After the envoy had left to deliver the letter Heather tried to rest, but her mind was racing despite her fatigue.  It was soon time for the evening meal, and as the darkness began its climb through the sky, Heather left for her meeting with Arthur and, hopefully, Jason.  She traveled on her horse with Daniel at her side while Jeremy led the way.  They would occasionally speak to scouts coming and going on their assigned task.  It was shortly after midnight when they arrived at the east gate.  Jeremy entered the city through the smuggler’s tunnel while Daniel and Heather remained hidden just outside the gate.  Heather had not realized she had fallen asleep until Daniel said quietly, "Jeremy has signaled, we may proceed."
They moved on foot to smuggler’s tunnel and made their way beneath the city wall.  They were met by Jeremy who led them to one of the guard buildings.  A small squadron of palace guards surrounded the building.  They parted to allow Heather and Daniel to enter.  Inside they found not only Arthur but also Jason.  The warm greetings were exchanged with Jason declaring, "Why is it that my only freedom from the palace is under the cover of darkness, to meet with those of the Forest?"
Heather noticed that Jeremy was no longer with them and asked of Jeremy.  Jason replied, "It seems our young friend was more interested in sharing a bit of ale with some of my troops then of listening to our conversation."
Heather smiled only briefly before beginning her summary of the present situation.  When Jason and Arthur heard that her father's army was approaching, they had many questions, but Heather had few answers.  Arthur agreed with Heather's assessment that they needed to try and completely defeat those of the Red, but Jason seemed less sure.  His feelings were that negotiations were all that would be successful in bringing lasting peace.  Both Heather and Arthur argued that without a total defeat, those of the Red would simply return with ever larger forces until their conquest was complete.
Jason struggled with this concept for some time before agreeing saying, "You two are the warriors and I expect what you say is true.  If we are successful, then our position for negotiations and trade will be far greater.  I abhor the death and destruction involved, but it may be the only way."
Arthur added to the planning by saying, "We must create not only a diversion but a true counterattack to further tie up the forces of those of the Red.  It would seem a major flank attack may be able to penetrate and further cut off the supply line.  We will need to have the support of Daniel's cannon."
Daniel spoke up saying, "The officer you have assigned to the cannon is very capable and I trust his ability." He then went on to explain how they planned to use the second cannon for their attack.
Arthur was obviously concerned about letting such a potent weapon out of his control, or even worse, to have it captured by those of the Red.  Heather was adamant that the cannon was necessary and only after developing a plan for the destruction of the cannon was Arthur satisfied.  It was agreed that all attacks would begin at morning light on the fourth rising of the sun.  The cannon would be delivered to the east gate by midday of the day following the morrow.  The oil would be ready at the same time.  Arthur's troops would begin exploring the west flank and they would use the cannon to disrupt the forces of the Red.
The planning continued for a few hours more.  Heather and Daniel took their leave and were met by Jeremy, who seemed none the worse for having found a source of ale.  They made their way back through the smuggler’s tunnel and were well on their way back to their camp before the morning light shone.  Heather was at ease on her horse and managed some sleep while they traveled.  Daniel knew not how she could sleep while riding, but was grateful for the rest she got.
They arrived back at camp after most had finished the breaking of the fast.  Heather listened to the reports while she ate.  She gave not orders, for everyone seemed to have already taken on the tasks needed.  She simply listened and rarely added suggestions.  When the reports were finished, Daniel insisted she take a rest period.  It was mid-afternoon before she rejoined those of the Forest.  Everyone was busy and all seemed to have a task except for Heather.  Larby, with Betty's help, was sharpening his obsidian knife, creating an edge as sharp as Daniel's scalpel.  Heather asked him, "Are you sure you wish to take this risk?"
Larby simply nodded in the affirmative before adding, "These ships have led to the destruction of my village and people.  They could also be our chance to grow and interact with our cousins so far removed."
Heather replied with only a smile acknowledging his wisdom, and left him to his work.  She sought out Daniel, who was busy dividing up his dwindling supply of powder.  She interrupted not his work but simply enjoyed watching him.  When he stopped for a rest she said, "You brood over your powder like a hen over her chicks."
Daniel started to explain how he was dividing the powder into single charge portions when Heather stopped him with a kiss.  He relaxed and they sat together amongst the kegs of the powder.  They talked of the plan Jeremy had developed for moving of the cannon.  Daniel then said, "The scouts from the great gorge reported that those of the Red are much reduced in number, but still move in a column down the great gorge.  They are but four days out."
Heather was lost in thought for some time before replying, "They are not following the trade route and will have to pass the narrowness of the canyon, below where we captured the sacred mud.  We must attack them there."
Daniel responded, "Have we the ability to mount an attack?"
Heather replied, "No, but if I had my father's army change course to the east as soon as they cross through the pass, they would reach the narrow point before those of the Red."
Daniel asked, "Your father will understand this?"
"No, they know not the terrain.  I may have to lead them."
It was now Daniel's time for quiet reflection of the vision he had of his bride leading the charge upon her horse.  With all his might he wished it not to be, but felt within himself his grandfather saying, "It will be as the God of the Sacred Water would have it."
Heather could see the emotions play out on Daniel's face and spoke not.  Finally Daniel spoke up saying, "I fear greatly for you, but I have heard my grandfather and he says to put our trust in the God of the Sacred Water." He then asked, "When must you leave?"
It was Heather's turn for thought, but her face held the look of determination.  She replied, "I would travel at night across the river and away from those of the Red.  I will leave after the evening meal."
Daniel asked, "Would you have Jeremy be your guide?"
Heather was silent again for a moment before replying, "I would think Jeremy needs to assist you in positioning your cannon.  I will have others of the Forest guide me."
Daniel without thinking said, "Then I would you take Betty with you, for I fear you will need her."
Heather was going to object that having Betty with would slow her travel, but the look of anguish on Daniel's face silenced her and she simply nodded in agreement.  They both had tears in their eyes as Heather left Daniel to his work, and began to prepare for travel.  Betty was already packing when she arrived at the tent.
The evening meal was somewhat somber as those of the Forest realized that Heather was leaving to meet with her father.  It was decided that a group of ten of the hunters would accompany her.  Heather reviewed briefly again the battle plan and was confident that those she was leaving behind understood well their task.  She and Daniel took a little time for a walk together around the perimeter of their camp.  They said little, but simply held hands and enjoyed the time together.
When they returned to the camp the travel group was ready and her horse, Spirit, was already saddled and appeared to be having a conversation with Betty.  Heather donned her cape and with a final embrace of Daniel, easily mounted her horse.  Ignoring her own tears, she bent down and wiped the tears from Daniel's cheeks.  Then she and her companions were off.  They traveled far to the east before turning north.  With Betty behind her, they easily kept up with those of the Forest who were scouting ahead in their leapfrog fashion.  They crossed the river shortly before daybreak and made their way somewhat further north until good cover was found.  Heather's fatigue was showing and it was time for a rest period.  Their simple camp was made and travel rations shared.  Heather and Betty retired to their tent for much-needed rest while those of the Forest alternated resting and scouting.
It was late afternoon when the party again shared rations and resumed travel.  The scouts had reported the route clear and they made good time.  It was late evening before they arrived at the pass, and finally met up with the advance scouts of her father's army.  They were escorted back to the camp and entered it with no fanfare.  Her father was only a little surprised at the sudden arrival of his daughter, and interrupted the meeting with his advisers to warmly greet her.
Heather joined the planning session with only brief introductions.  They were discussing possible attack strategies.  Heather listened for but a short time before speaking up, "Those of the Red who crossed the ice field are but two days away.  They must pass through the narrows of the great gorge before gaining access to the valleys of the Southern Kingdom.  We must stop them at that point.  They number about 2000 but have suffered much from hunger and the cold of the ice field."
The King’s generals had many questions and great concern about attacking an enemy with such little planning and were unsure of following the advice of one so young.  The King, however, was appreciating his daughter in a much different light.  This was not the pretty little girl he had raised, but instead a fierce warrior.  The look of determination on her face was enough to intimidate even his generals.  With her fighting cape on and her sword at her side, she looked much like the painting of his grandmother.  He was brought back to the present only when Heather demanded a decision.
The King spoke slowly and carefully saying to his generals, "We are arriving late to this battle.  My daughter speaks wisely and I would we follow her advice.  We will march to the narrows at morning light."
The discussion now became much more technical and Heather answered questions regarding the terrain and travel time.  She explained the dangers represented by the longer-range weapons of those of the Red and why confining them to the narrows of the great gorge was important.  Heather's fatigue was beginning to show and her father spoke up saying, ""Our decision is made.  Go complete your planning for the attack in the great gorge and leave me to enjoy the company of my daughter."
When everyone else had departed, Heather sat beside her father and in silence they watched the campfire.  Heather could not help yawning for she had traveled hard and yet suffered from the fatigue of her pregnancy.  Her father ever so gently said, "I would stay up all night just to be with you, but I would think some rest is needed."
Heather acknowledged him by reaching over and squeezing his strong left hand.  The strength of his remaining hand made her feel again like a little girl.  She arose and kissed him gently on the side of his head, saying only, "It is the will of the God of the Sacred Water that we ride together." She then left to join Betty in the tent that had been set up for them.
Morning light was just becoming evident when Betty woke Heather and they completed their morning ritual.  Betty said, "I dreamed last night that those of the Red were attacking Daniel."
Heather asked, "Were there many in the attack?"
"Lots of people in red.  It very scary."
"Did Daniel get away?"
Betty had tears in her eyes as she replied, "It too scary, I quit seeing."
They said nothing until they were almost back at her father's tent and Betty spoke up one more time saying, "We need help Daniel."
Heather responded not as she calculated the travel times to reach the river and the high hill.  She finally spoke up telling her father, "Those of the Red have discovered Daniel's trail.  His escape route will be blocked."
Her father asked how she knew this and Heather responded, "The spirits of the Forest are strong in Betty.  I must leave immediately and would have one half of your calvary ride with me."
The generals were upset that plans were being made based on the whims of a half brain, and objected to dividing their forces.  The King studied Heather's face and saw only confidence and determination.  He spoke up, saying, "I know not how you know what you know, but I trust your judgment.  It will be as you request."
Heather nodded her thanks and said, "I will have some of the hunters from the Forest stay with the main force and act as scouts."
A look of sadness came over the King as he asked, "Must you lead this charge?"
Some softness returned to Heather's face and she replied, "I am the one who assigned Daniel and the others of the Forest this dangerous mission.  I must protect them." 
It was her father who was now quiet and he seemed not to hear his generals’ arguments.  Finally he stood up and said, "I ride with my daughter."
His senior general objected that he should not take such a great risk, but the King just dismissed everyone saying, "My decision is made.  You are in charge of the attack at the narrows of the great gorge.  Our people’s survival depends on your success.  I go to where I am called by the God of the Sacred Water.  I will rejoin you as soon as possible."
They pushed their horses hard, but those of the Forest seemed to have no difficulty keeping up.  The scouts were bringing back reports of the battle.  The fire attack on the ships had proceeded well and the army of the South was pushing hard at the western front.  The cannon was firing repeatedly from the palace.
They stopped only briefly to rest the horses and take rations.  She and her father rode together and finally had time to visit as father and daughter.  Heather mentioned not her pregnancy but did ask of her father's Queen.  He reported that she had given birth to a healthy son.  They talked at length about Daniel and his cannon and of the harshness of the ice field.  Heather asked how he had convinced his advisers that they needed to join the battle.
After a hearty laugh he replied, "I ended up acting much like you.  The head of the traders’ guild was leading the opposition and arguing that we sue for peace.  Our meeting was running late and he stood to be excused because he needed to take his medicine.  I started remembering Alvin's behavior, and I told him that he needed to stay until the meeting was complete.  He was becoming somewhat agitated that he could not take his medicine and I reminded everyone about the horrible death Alvin had when he could not take his medicine.  This really upset him and he became almost irrational.  I stood my ground, and soon he broke down begging for the medication.  I relented only after he admitted that those of the Red had provided the medication.  After that, all of the advisers agreed that we needed to proceed to assist the Southern Kingdom."
As they pushed towards the river they spoke of strategy.  Heather was sure that those of the Red would counterattack when they realized Daniel was attacking the ships from the high hill with the cannon.  She said, "I would we could maintain the hilltop, for it gives us great strategic advantage.  If the counterattack is too great then all we can hope for is a safe retreat."
They discussed how to use their small force to the greatest advantage.  Heather felt that being mounted was their main advantage.
Her father agreed, saying only, "When it is man against horses, it is the fear that gives the horses such an advantage." 
They then talked at length as to how utilize this fear.  Heather calculated their arrival time and figured there was going to be adequate time for a brief rest period before the final push to the battle site.  She spoke to Betty, saying, "Would you ride to battle?"
Betty responded, "I too small.  It be best if I stay here and listen.  You be careful."
Heather smiled at her little friend and said, "I would you and one of the Forest stay behind and make your way more slowly so that you can hear.  We need to know if others of the Red are headed our way."
***
Those that Heather had left behind worked hard to prepare for their battle, which began in the dark of night after the setting of the moon.  Larby and Stan had "borrowed" a canoe and silently drifted down the northern edge of the river.  In the silence of the night they could hear the guards talking aboard the ships and every little creak of the canoe seemed to echo in their minds.  They whispered to each other using a combination of their native dialects and the dialect of those of the Forest.  When they had drifted past the last of the ships of the Red, they turned and silently paddled upstream until they were about fifty yards from the last ship.  While Stan steadied the canoe, Larby slipped overboard after having first removed his wooden peg.  He swam like a fish upstream, making no noise for he was of the Sea.  He rested but a minute against the stern of the ship before using his knife to sever the controlling ropes of the rudder.  Despite the sharpness of his knife, the rope was difficult to cut and the sound seemed loud to Larby.  He would stop and listen but heard only the normal shipboard sounds.  He then dove beneath the water and working in the blackness tried to wedge the ropes together to further lock the rudder.  It was only on the third attempt that he was successful.  His lungs were aching for air and he feared those above would hear his breathing when he surfaced but no alarm was raised.  He then silently floated downstream to meet up again with Stan and the canoe.
Getting back in the canoe was more difficult than getting out but they accomplished the feat without upsetting the canoe.  While Larby rested, Stan repositioned the canoe and gradually made his way upstream to the next ship.  They repeated this exercise six times before the overwhelming fatigue forced Larby to rest.  They retreated to the north side of the river and began making their way upstream just as the first hint of daylight was showing.
Those of the Forest had spent the night soaking the hay and straw that they found with the oil of the Southern Kingdom.  As the first beams of light showed over the hills to the east, their fire was started and set adrift downstream.  The ship lookouts recognized the danger quickly but it took time to raise the anchors and the fire reached a dozen of the boats before they could escape.  With the raising of the alarm, the boats downstream had the time to pull anchor and set sails.  Sailing to the north side of the river allowed them to avoid the fire easily.  Confusion reigned, however, with the most downstream boats for as they set their sails their boats responded not to the helm, and they began drifting downstream out of control.  One of the boats dropped anchor but this was but a temporary solution, for the fire was drifting down upon them.  Sandbars quickly captured those boats adrift.
The sounds of battle were evident as the army of the Southern Kingdom marched through the western gate and pushed against the flank of those of the Red.  The cannon began firing from the palace, disrupting the defenses of those of the Red.  The cannon balls created more fear and confusion than damage, but it was enough to disrupt the counterattack.
***
Jeremy and Daniel had spent the night moving the heavily laden wagon across the river and up the hillside to the high hill.  There was no way to cover their tracks and those of the Forest worked as beasts of burden to help the horses move the wagon.  Scouts went ahead and followed after, looking for signs of the enemy.  They were fighting the last steep slope to get the wagon to the hilltop when scouts reported that their trail had been found and a troop had begun following them in the darkness.  Daniel held counsel with those of the Forest as he struggled to move the wagon forward.  They decided to stay and do as much damage as possible before fleeing from the oncoming troops.  They would need to work their way towards the pass connecting the kingdoms.  When they finally reached the hilltop and positioned their cannon, there were but a few hours left for rest.  At daylight, the sounds of battle reached them and they prepared to do their part.
When the ships of the Red had dropped sails and set anchor on the north side of the river, Daniel and his cannon began the attack.  They were placed on the high hill and had an excellent vantage.  The cannonballs began striking the downstream ships on a regular basis and again confusion slowed the response of those of the Red.  Anchors needed to be pulled and sails set before they could escape the bombardment from on high.  Their only escape was to flee far downstream, past the other stricken vessels.
Those of the Red that were approaching were getting ever nearer and Jeremy was concerned that their escape route was becoming endangered.  Daniel listened only briefly to his concern and replied, "Heather says that destroying the ships is important, so we must do all we can."
They continued their attack until the last ship had floated out of range.  By now Jeremy had become very concerned because almost 300 of the Red had encircled the base of the hill and the route of escape was much compromised.  There was little cover and Jeremy was frantically seeking another route of escape.  It appeared their only hope was to descend the cliff of the high hill and make their way downriver along the river edge.  The risk was that they would be open to attack for some time before reaching cover.  It appeared to Jeremy that the risk was great but he saw no other option.  Daniel began packing the cannon with powder to destroy it when Jeremy spoke, "Horses are coming from the pass."
Daniel looked up and could see the dust to the north but could not make out the horses.  He sensed that Heather was on her way and knew she meant to do battle with those of the Red.  He had agreed to destroy the cannon if there was any danger of capture but now that looked as if there was to be a battle and the cannon had yet a role to play.  He told those of the Forest, "I would expect that Heather and troops from her father's army are headed our way.  We must decide quickly if we are to flee or stay and fight."
Jeremy spoke up saying, "I think it would be safer to stay and fight rather than flee without cover.  If those of the Red take control of the hill their arrows would be deadly as we descended the cliff."
Those of the Forest agreed quickly and Jeremy had them position themselves to take advantage of their height.  Their bows had shorter range but greater accuracy than the weapons of those of the Red.  Jeremy told them, "Shoot not until you are sure, but give those of the Red no target.  We must hold them until Heather arrives."
Those of the Forest numbered about twenty and spread themselves thinly around the crest of the hill.  There was little cover other than some boulders.  They hid themselves as best as they could, and waited.  Those of the Red began sending scouts up the hillside and there would be an occasional scream as an arrow found its target.  The commander of those of the Red began organizing his troops for an assault on the north side of the hill, following the trail of the wagon.  Jeremy watched the development and knew their attack would commence before Heather could arrive.  He asked Daniel, "Can you use your cannon to disrupt their charge?"
Daniel was already working and had unloaded most of the powder from the cannon.  He told Jeremy, "If we use stones the size of a small fist we should be able to cause some damage."
Jeremy helped Daniel positioned the cannon and they began packing the cannon with small stones.  They had gathered a small mound when the sound of the horn alerted them to the charge of the Red.  The main troop began pushing up the high hill, leaving enough troops surrounding the base to prevent escape of those of the Forest.  Jeremy repositioned as many of his hunters as he could, but they were easily outnumbered tenfold.  As those of the Red advanced up the trail, Daniel held his fire until they were three arrow shots away and then fired the cannon.  The advancing front received the full blast of the cannon, and the stones were lethal.  There was a momentary pause before those of the Red again began pressing on at the urging of their commander.  This gave Daniel barely enough time to reload and again as the troops pressed forward he fired his cannon.  The destruction was fear-inspiring but the commander forced his troops forward, giving Daniel little time to reload.
Those of the Red now also detected the approaching horses.  This caused the commander to pause.  He began issuing new orders to protect his rear and for a moment the attack was in stalemate.
Daniel again fired his cannon, causing some disarray as those of the Red prepared to meet the charge of Heather.  Daniel was getting low on powder but continued to fire, trying to disrupt those of the Red.
Heather was riding on her father's right as they led the charge up the hill.  Those of the Red positioned themselves in classic assault rows to meet the charge so that each row could rise and shoot over those in front of them.  Daniel could now but watch as his bride came into range of the arrows of those of the Red.
The horses were now urged onward at full speed with their riders crouched low on the necks of their horses.  The first volley of arrows was let loose and horses began to scream and fall from the arrows.  Yet, onward they pressed and the second line of those of the Red rose and fired their arrows, causing yet more horses and riders to fall.  Heather and her father now were reaching the first row of archers and their swords began to flash, scattering all in front of them.  The third and fourth rows of archers now arose and fired their arrows, bringing down yet more horses and riders but the charge went on.  The forces of Heather and her father left behind a trail of red as they pushed the attack.
Jeremy now had his hunters attack from the rear, with their arrows further impairing the counterattack from those of the Red.  Heather and her father pushed onward but Daniel could see multiple arrows in both of their horses.  The commander of the Red called for his last line to rise and fire, and then sounded the retreat.
Heather had now pulled slightly ahead of her father, who was desperately trying to keep up.  Daniel watched as Heather's beautiful horse reared up, taking the full assault of arrows.  He clearly heard the scream of the beautiful animal as it toppled over.  He began moving downhill, instinctively knowing that his bride was beneath her horse, which had taken the arrows meant for her.  Jeremy and the others of the Forest moved with him, using their bows to speed those of the Red on their retreat.
Heather's father had noted the fall of his daughter's horse but had pushed the attack knowing that her only chance was to completely dislodge those of the Red.  He stopped the charge only when those of the Red were in complete retreat.
Daniel arrived to find Heather's white horse now stained red from its many wounds.  It breathed no more.  Partially beneath the horse was his bride, who was struggling to try to get out from underneath, but her right arm and leg were pinned by the weight of the horse.  Those of the Forest lifted with all their might to shift the horse enough to free Heather.  Heather reacted to her freedom by searching for her sword which had been knocked free in the fall.  She grasped the sword but was unable to raise it.  Only then did she realize the pain in her arm just below the elbow.
Daniel saw her wince and knew all was not right.  He made her sit and ignored the battle as he examined her.  She was obviously bruised up and when he palpated her right arm he could feel the broken bones just below her elbow.  He could find no other broken bones and began to prepare a sling for her arm.
A new look came over Heather as she asked, "What of the baby?"
Her father who had just returned and dismounted heard the comment but spoke not.  The look of anguish on his face told the story of his failure to protect his daughter.  He to looked at Daniel who carefully began to feel Heather's abdomen.  Daniel spoke up, saying, "I feel no injury, so there is hope."
With the sounds of battle receding, Heather slowly began transforming from the warrior back to the bride and mother-to-be.  Tears soon were flowing, and not just from Heather.

Chapter 23

Heather's father took command of securing the hill.  He posted his sentries and had his soldiers begin bringing in the wounded for Daniel to evaluate.  Things remained pretty chaotic until near sunset when some semblance of order prevailed.  Scouts reported that those of the Red had retreated back across the river.  Other scouts brought reports that the main force of the north was now positioned at the narrows in the great gorge.  The sounds of battle had continued all day from across the river as the army of the South had drove to the river, creating a strong flank attack and further isolating the army of the Red.
Daniel had been working nonstop and Heather insisted he rest and take time to eat.  His dour attitude contrasted sharply with the sense of victory others felt and he explained, "The power of the cannon to damage human flesh is horrible.  I feel personally responsible for the terrible injuries of those of the Red that the cannon has caused."
Heather gently replied, "Your cannon has given us hope for healthy babies and survival of our peoples.  The power was needed and responsibility lies not with you but with those who brought this attack upon us."
Heather's father added, "My son, you did not wish this war upon us and if your invention helps end it sooner, much suffering on both sides will have been prevented.  You did what needed to be done."
Daniel listened but they knew not whether he heard, for his attitude changed not and he said little more.  After he had left and returned to work, Heather's father asked, "Will your Daniel recover from this trauma?"
Heather recalled the episode of the blind beggar and replied, "He will recover but not until he has spent some time, melancholy and lost in his work.  He is a healer, not a warrior, and war is particularly hard on him.  We must let him do his healing so he himself can be healed.  I would we need not ask him to do battle, but his skills and knowledge we have needed repeatedly."
Dusk was falling when a small commotion ensued because of the arrival of Betty.  She was alone and responded not to the sentry of the north as she approached the camp.  The sentry’s response was to call out the alarm.  This startled the already confused Betty even more, and she had trouble talking.  She settled down only after Heather had gathered her in next to the fire and given her some food to eat.  After Betty had eaten Heather asked, "What of the hunter that I had left with you?"
Betty responded, "I sent him away."
"Why? Where did you send him?"
Betty scrunched her face up a bit and turned her head to the side before replying, "I heard Edna and sent the one from the Forest to help."
Heather's father watched the interaction and spoke not.  Heather patiently worked to tease the information out of Betty.  She asked, "Is Edna in trouble?"
Betty just shook her head in the negative and Heather asked, "Then why does Edna need help?"
Betty replied, "She comes but doesn't know where we are."
Heather said, "So you sent the hunter to guide her to us?"
Betty nodded her head in the affirmative and said, "She bring one of the big ones?"
Heather was quiet for a while as she tried to reason out Betty's thought processes she finally asked, "Edna is bringing someone big like Jason?"
Betty giggled and said, "No, not like Jason.  More like the important ones but more bigger."
At this point Heather turned to Jeremy and said, "It would seem we will be getting company from the Forest; they are bringing a stranger.  I would you help guide them to our camp across the river, but not until you've had a night of rest.
Jeremy wanted to argue that he didn't need to rest, but he really was fatigued after having had almost no sleep for the past few days.  He responded, "I will leave at first light and would take another with to act as a scout."
Heather nodded in agreement and said, "I would you take about a dozen with you for I sense they may be needed.  I think we all deserve some rest.  I would those of the Forest returned to our other camp in the morning and leave the hill to my father's army."
Heather's father spoke up saying, "My forces will secure the hill but what of the cannon?"
Heather responded, "We will need to return with more powder and iron balls for the cannon.  I would that someone you trust be placed in charge of the cannon and I will have Daniel teach them to operate it." Heather could no longer stifle her yawns and apologized saying, "I must rest.  Let us continue the planning in the morning."
Daniel was late arriving at their tent and his bride was long asleep.  Sleep came slowly to him as his mind was filled with the damage he had inflicted with his cannon.  He dreamt again of the deaf beggar and he awoke with a somewhat less heavy heart.  He slipped out of the tent before Heather was awake to check on some of the injured.  By the time he was finished, Heather and her father were already breaking the fast.  He joined them and reported, "Those of the Forest who have been injured should be able to travel back to our camp.  Many of those of the Red may never travel well again and would be best cared for here, at least for now."
Heather's father spoke up saying, "We traveled hard and left behind much of our support system, which is just now catching up.  I will have them establish their base here on this hill and we will provide ongoing care for those who were injured."
The planning went on and Heather asked her father, "Can you accompany us back to our camp?"
Heather's father responded, "I should rejoin my main force.  Why would you have me accompany you?"
Heather said, "I sense that Betty has brought us very important news.  I would you were there to help interpret what it means."
Heather's father stared at Betty in a puzzled sort of way before replying, "The spirits of the Forest are a mystery to me.  I will accompany you, but first I would meet with my troops in the great gorge.  We must set up a courier system so I can stay in contact with my forces."
Their conversation was interrupted by the departure of Jeremy and his companion.  Heather told them, "Our camp site yet remains secret and I would have it such as long as possible.  I pray that the God of the Sacred Water guides you safely back."
Jeremy nodded in appreciation and, shouldering his pack, said, "I think I have the easier task, for now you have to watch over Daniel by yourself."
Daniel countered, "Don't let the excitement of seeing your bride make you forget what you're supposed to be doing."
Heather thought she noticed just a slight flushing to Jeremy's face as he replied, "What makes you think I would forget that?"
Daniel responded, "I meant guiding them to our camp safely."
With a wave Jeremy was off.  Heather thought the bantering was a good sign and that Daniel was already starting to heal.  It was only after they broke their portion of the camp and started down the hill did Daniel tell her of the dream with the deaf beggar.  He explained how in his dream the beggar was helping care for those who had been injured so severely by his cannon.  He said, "My guilt is lessened knowing that this protector of mine is helping."
Before leaving the camp, Betty searched until she found Heather's horse, Spirit.  Heather watched her gently stroked the ears of great the horse.  Betty seemed to be talking to the horse and only after several minutes did she returned to Heather.  Heather said, "I too am sad that the horse has died."
Betty replied, "It okay.  He happy where he is now.  Before I left I told him he had to protect you.  He did a good job."
Heather asked, "Has he gone back to the Forest?"
Betty turned her head to the side and scrunched up her face before replying, "Like the Forest but different."
Heather and her father were riding and those of the Forest followed behind to help obscure any trail.  Betty spoke not for some time as she rode behind Heather.  She finally pulled on Heather's cape and spoke up saying, "The hunter I sent has found Edna."
They traveled upstream for some ways before crossing over an area of hard rock that left little sign.  They traveled slowly, for Heather was in significant pain, though she complained not.  Daniel would watch her face closely and whenever the strain seemed to be building, he would call a halt and have her rest.  Despite her fatigue and pain she insisted on continuing her planning.  As she and her father discussed the options, Daniel just walked alongside lost in his own thoughts.  It was mid-afternoon when her father departed to check on his troops in the great gorge, accompanied by a small troop of those of the Forest.  Darkness had already fallen before those of the Forest arrived at their campsite.  They were greeted by Elrod who had many questions and left little time for answers.
It was late on the following day that Heather's father arrived with those of the Forest who had accompanied him.  A private tent was set up for the King and the meal served to the travelers.  Stories were begun almost immediately.  Heather's father found amazing contentment sitting around the campfire listening to the stories of those of the Forest.  Daniel insisted that Heather needed her rest and they departed the group but the stories went on.
In the morning Heather appeared somewhat more rested and received with her father the reports from the scouts.  The army of the Southern Kingdom had established a solid flank position cutting off the army of the Red from the west.  The army of the north had successfully bottled up those of the Red, who had descended through the great gorge.  The battles were ongoing but the momentum of those of the Red had been broken.  The war was yet to be won, but now there was hope.
Heather seemed comfortable enough accepting another day of inactivity but her father was obviously becoming anxious that he was not with his troops.  They had regular reports of the battle and it seemed as if his generals were performing well.  It just did not sit well with him not to be involved.  Heather was only partially successful in diverting his attention by having the story told in great detail of their battle on the ice field.  It was almost time for the evening meal before the scout arrived saying that Edna and her troop would arrive by midday on the morrow.  He added but little detail other than almost fifty of those of the Forest were coming and with them was some sort of wagon device.
The evening meal was somewhat more relaxed and Heather's father partook more fully in the stories.  Those of the Forest understood little of palace protocol but they all enjoyed how Heather's father had emulated her in overcoming the objections of his council.  The stories went on around the campfire until late at night but without Heather and Daniel.  Daniel was being somewhat of a mother hen as he looked after his bride, and she seemed not unhappy with the attention.
The morning dragged by somewhat slowly despite receiving the reports from the scouts.  It seemed as if the war had reached somewhat of a stalemate.  Many of the camp who were healthy left to assist those of the Forest in their approach to the camp.  Heather instructed them to cover the tracks of the wagon device as much as possible, for she wished not for their camp to be discovered.
About midmorning Jeremy presented to the camp and asked to use their horses to help speed their progress.  It was after the time of the midday meal when the large troop finally arrived.  With them was a miniature house, complete with chimney and windows, on wheels.  Heather's father exclaimed, "What by the God of the Sacred Water is that?"
Jeremy replied, "Sir, we of the Forest present to you an envoy from those of the Red.  He is not particularly happy at the present time."
Heather's father asked, "How did this envoy happen to join with those of the Forest?"
Jeremy said, "Well, this story would be much better told with a glass of ale, but since we have no ale, I will let my wife tell the story."
Edna just shook her head at Jeremy's comment and began explaining how those left behind has sent word that another convoy was headed to the ice field.  They did what they could to delay the progress.  Once they were on the ice field, those of the Forest made the spirits of the Forest come alive.  The scouts and supplies of the Red began to disappear, and when they arrived at the region of the crevices they found not a way across and were forced down the great gorge as had been their army.  Once they were in the great gorge, things continued to disappear at an ever faster rate.  One night those of the Forest freed all the horses.  The horses were suffering greatly from the effort of pulling this portable house and it seemed only reasonable to free them.
Edna stopped to make sure everyone was following her and then continued to explain how those of the Forest made all of the guards and scouts of the Red disappear.  Eventually, all that were left were the servants who were attending the one inside the house.  At this point we decided to rescue whoever it was and deliver them to Heather.
Jeremy broke in at this point saying, "When I arrived, they had already relieved the occupant of most of the heavy supplies which were piled alongside this mobile house.  Still, moving it was difficult and we needed to raise it out of the great gorge back onto the trade route." He then added, "It seems the occupant did not like being raised over the cliff with ropes and was quite vocal.  Unfortunately, we understood not his complaint and just continued with our work."
Heather's father asked, "Who is he?"
Jeremy shrugged his shoulders and said, "We know not."
The young priest had been sitting by, listening to the ranting from within the house on wheels and spoke up saying, "I think he is demanding an explanation for what is going on."
Heather asked him, "Can you speak to him?"
The young priest slowly responded, "If he would stop yelling long enough to listen, I might be able to speak his language enough for him to understand."
Jeremy solved the problem by picking up a large stick from the pile of firewood and rapping the roof of the house on wheels sharply.  This produced a sudden silence from within.  The young priest spoke up, saying in the language of the Red, "Those of the Forest would know who you are."
This was followed by an almost violent stream of vocalizations from within, which made it impossible for the young priest to follow.  Jeremy took action by again whacking the roof with the stick.  This caused the one within to again settle down somewhat and speak slower.  The young priest translated saying, "He is demanding to speak to his officers, I think."
Heather responded, "Tell him that his officers are gone and he is now with those of the Forest and we would know his name and position."
The young priest translated as best he could and again the response was a string of unrecognizable words, certainly angry swearing.  Jeremy finally cut off the noise by again whacking the roof.  The voice within quieted only somewhat and the young priest worked hard to try to understand what was being said.  He finally shrugged his shoulders and said, "I think he is saying something about being the Minister of War and demanding again to meet with his officers."
Heather's father spoke up saying, "I would expect he is indeed such a minister and was traveling to claim the final conquest of our peoples and lands.  You of the Forest have presented us a most important gift."
As they were discussing the meaning of the envoy, the curtains on one of the small windows parted and a face with a sharply pointed nose peered out of them.  Heather tried to ignore the face staring at her but could not fully avoid looking at it.  The voice from within the house on wheels began speaking again but in a much more calm fashion.  The young priest spoke up saying, "I think he is asking if you are the warrior with the golden hair."
Heather was unsure how to respond but her father spoke up saying, "Tell him that she is indeed the one with the golden hair." As the young priest was translating this, Heather's father explained that he thought that the envoy had been fully informed of the last war and had surely heard of Heather's role.
The young priest was struggling to translate from his limited vocabulary, of those of the Red, what the stranger was saying.  He finally spoke up saying, "I think he is asking if those with you are the wild ones who fight not."
Heather was very puzzled at the statement and when she realized he was referring to those of the Forest who relied on the spirits of the Forest, she began to laugh.  She turned towards Daniel and Jeremy saying, "It would appear the envoy knows you well, calling you the wild ones, but it seems he understands not your ability in battle." She turned towards the face in the window and said, "These are of the Forest, and are the same ones who have both captured you and defeated the army sent across the ice field."
The young priest again struggled to translate and this was greeted by silence from within the house on wheels.  Those of the Forest began to prepare the evening meal, seemingly ignoring the envoy.  As the smell of roasted venison began to permeate the air the voice from within the house on wheels again spoke up.  The young priest was better able to understand and said, "The one within is asking to share in our food."
Heather and her father conferred.  Heather spoke up telling the young priest, "Tell the one within he is welcome to join us and share our food."
Heather spoke quietly to those of the Forest, telling them to watch the envoy closely.  Heather's father remembered all too well the attack in the palace by Alvin and the Red Ambassador.  He positioned himself to the left of Heather so that his good arm was in striking position.  They left the space between for the envoy.  Those of the Forest had already begun sharing their meal when the door of the house on wheels slowly opened and out emerged a man, shorter than Heather, dressed in purple and red clothing, carrying his own plate and knife and fork.  He spoke not, but sat between Heather and her father in the space allocated.  Those of the Forest passed him portions of the meat and the root vegetables they had dug up.  He most carefully cut the meat into very small bites and chewed them most deliberately.  
The envoy held out a cup and one of the Forest filled it with water.  Those of the Forest began their stories.  The envoy watched but spoke not.  When he had finished eating he stood and returned to the small house on wheels with just a nod towards Heather in recognition.  Those of the Forest watched him discreetly and Heather had Elrod place the guard.  The stories continued, but as had become the norm, Heather's fatigue sent her early to bed.
Daniel returned to the campfire and when he sat down next to Heather's father was asked, "Is my daughter okay?"
Daniel replied, "Her pregnancy seems to be proceeding well and she is taking the sacred water.  Her fractured arm will be a problem and her days with the sword may be over."
"She seems so tired."
Daniel nodded his head and explained, "Her energy level seems to be improving somewhat as she moves into the middle period of her pregnancy.  She pushes herself hard."
Heather's father was quiet for a while before saying, "I would you make her slow down, but I know my daughter and would not ask the impossible of you.  I suppose we must just trust the God of the Sacred Water and let her be who she is." He then added, "My prayer is that she can return to normal life when these hard times are over."
After completing their morning ritual, Betty and Heather joined with the others for the breaking of the fast.  Soon the door of the house on wheels opened and out stepped the envoy again with his plate and knife and fork.  He shared in the simple food of those of the Forest.  When the meal was finished he spoke up speaking slowly.  The young priest translated as best he could but was having trouble.  Larby spoke up saying, "I think he is asking about the ransom."
Before Heather could ask how Larby knew this, the envoy turned towards him and began speaking in the dialect much like Larby's.  Larby and the young priest worked together to translate.  The envoy spoke both the language of the Red and the older dialect, which was not so dissimilar from the language of Larby and those left behind.  
It quickly became apparent that the envoy was indeed asking about the ransom.  Those of the Forest understood not, but Heather and her father were beginning to understand the point of view of the envoy.  Heather and interrupted the conversation by saying, "We would know your name."
The envoy listened to the translation and responded, "I am called Don the Great."
Heather then asked, "What is your purpose?"
A look almost suggesting embarrassment came over the envoy and he replied, "I have traveled in order to consolidate the newly conquered territory."
Heather's father spoke up saying, "It would seem that your arrival was poorly timed.  Your ships have either been sunk or scattered and your armies have been cut off from any supplies."
A look of horror washed over the envoy's face and he said, "This cannot be, for I have planned otherwise."
Heather spoke up saying, "I think it best if we take you to the palace of the Southern Kingdom where you can see for yourself the status of the war."
The envoy asked again, "What of the ransom?"
Heather replied, "There will be no ransom.  Surrender and a peace treaty will be your only option."
Heather spoke up for all those around her, "Prepare to abandon camp and move to the palace of the Southern Kingdom.  I would one of the Forest carry a message to King Jason about our arrival."
Turning to her father she asked, "Will you travel with us or return to your troops?"
He replied, "It would be best if I returned to my troops for at least a short while.  I would you leave a few of the Forest with me to accompany me to the Southern Kingdom when I am able."
Heather nodded her head and, chewing on her lip, paused a minute before saying, "I would expect those of the Red who traveled by ship will soon realize that there is a second battle going on.  I would expect they would attempt a counterattack in order to free those penned in the great gorge." She added, "I will have those of the Southern Kingdom continue their pressure, but it would be best if you prepared your troops for an attack from the rear."
Her father replied, "You plan well.  I assume you are breaking camp because you feel it is no longer secure?"
Heather again nodded saying, "The tracks left by the house on wheels will be almost impossible to cover up.  If those of the Red are looking for the envoy, they will find us."
They had finished the midday meal before those of the Forest had finished breaking down their camp and Heather had finished her letter to King Jason.  They had but the one horse to pull the house on wheels and Heather debated forcing the envoy to walk.  Jeremy suggested that they would travel faster with the envoy secure in the house on wheels then trying to make him walk or ride their only horse.  Jeremy expected that they would not arrive at the gate until the setting of the moon.
Heather was not unhappy that they would arrive in the darkness but she still wanted the palace guard as an escort.  One of the hunters took her sealed letter and moved off in his loping run to deliver it to the gate guard who would act as the courier to King Jason.  The rest of Heather's troop moved slowly towards the gate, with those of the Forest pulling and pushing the house on wheels.  The one within complained repeatedly about the roughness of the ride, but they responded not.
Heather was walking near Larby and Betty and asked, "Why did the envoy not travel by ship?"
Larby responded, "It is the season of the whirling storms and much too dangerous to travel by ship.  Travel must wait until the harvest moon when the storms settle down."
Heather recalled the storm they had witnessed and could not imagine a more severe storm, but Larby was insistent that the whirling storms were far worse.  She asked him how he knew what the envoy was saying.  Larby responded with a very pained expression on his face, "Those of my village were forced to speak as those of the Red.  When we spoke not correctly we were struck with a whip." He added, "Amongst themselves they speak the high tongue but to servants and slaves they speak the low tongue.  I learned a few of the words of the high tongue."
Heather thanked him for his knowledge and assistance and asked him to work with the young priest to more fully understand the language of those of the Red.  They traveled on at a pace that even Heather found slow and irritating.  She had some go ahead and prepare the evening meal.  There was but a short break, for those laboring to move the house on wheels.  The moon had set before they arrived at the gate.  Heather had Jeremy travel ahead and use the smuggler’s tunnel to scout for possible dangers.
Jeremy asked, "Would you have me check to make sure the taverns are also free of danger?"
Heather smiled and shook her head in the negative saying, "I would expect the taverns are long closed and it would be best if the ale waited."
After Jeremy had left, Daniel asked, "Would you rest?"
Heather replied, "I am tired, but rest can wait until the envoy is safe in the Southern Kingdom.  I seem not so fatigued lately."
Daniel said, "It is normal for the fatigue to moderate during the middle of the pregnancy.  It would be best that you do not overdo."
Heather held his hand as they walked saying only, "If you of the Forest would always travel this slowly, I would have no trouble keeping up!"
Daniel began laughing and said, "If we always traveled this slowly we would never get anywhere." He then asked, "How is the pain in your right arm?"
Heather replied, "As long as I keep the sling tight and the arm moves not, the pain is not so bad." She then asked, "How long until I heal enough to again hold the sword?"
Daniel responded not, and Heather looked at him before asking, "I will heal, will I not?"
Daniel said, "You have broken both of the bones just below your elbow.  It is likely they will heal but with significant stiffness of the arm."
"Are you saying that I will never again use my sword?"
Daniel looked at the ground as he replied, "It will be as the God of the Sacred Water wills it." They spoke not again of this matter but waited in silence for the call of the owl from Jeremy.  When the call came, Daniel answered in a similar fashion and they began moving towards the gate, which opened for them.  Inside, they found a troop of the palace guard that assisted in harnessing up several more horses and they made good time.
The envoy spoke up, asking where they were, and Heather told the young priest to tell him that they had entered the walled city of the Southern Kingdom.  He complained less as they traveled over the smooth road.  When they arrived at the palace they moved quickly through the gated tunnel.  Heather had them stop in the courtyard proper and said, "We will set up camp here."
The palace guard troop leader tried to explain that he had been told to deliver them to the royal quarters.  Heather said, "We will camp here.  Inform King Jason that I would meet with him at his convenience in the morning."
Those of the Forest quickly had a camp set up and the fatigue, evident on all, prevented the telling of stories.  Elrod took charge of securing their camp and, more importantly, of securing the envoy.  Morning light came all too soon and after Heather and Betty had completed their morning ritual they joined with others for the breaking of the fast.  The smell of food again brought out the envoy with his plate.  He sat next to Heather and seemed to notice not that those of the Forest watched him so keenly.  He shared in their simple food and, only after he had finished eating, spoke up, saying, "Why do you camp rather than take lodging within the palace?"
Heather responded through the young priest, "Those of the Forest are most comfortable in the open." She then added, "I sense we are able to ensure your safety with greater ease here in the open."
The envoy then spoke, "You are not one of the wild ones."
Heather thought carefully before replying, "You sat next to my father, the King of the Northern Kingdom, at our last camp.  Those of the Forest have adopted me and I now consider them my people."
Their conversation was ended when the messenger from King Jason arrived requesting Heather's presence.  She spoke to those of the Forest, "The envoy is to be allowed his freedom only within the circle of the camp.  No one is to approach without my permission." She had the young priest translate for the envoy who just nodded and returned to his small house on wheels.
Heather and Daniel accompanied the messenger to Jason's quarters where they found him breaking fast with his advisers.  His face could not conceal the delight he felt seeing Heather and Daniel again.  Soon, all of the advisers had been excused and Jason arose and welcomed them properly as old friends.  He was most concerned of Heather's injury and would not hear of any planning until he was assured of her well-being.  They were soon joined by Arthur, who appeared as if sleep had become a most precious thing.  His uniform was as crisp as ever but the dark circles beneath his eyes told of the stress he was enduring.
Arthur gave a brief report, stating that there fortification of the western flank was proceeding well and they had repelled the most recent counterattack of those of the Red.  Heather summarized their attack on the ships of the Red and her father's success at trapping those of the Red descending the great gorge.  She then told of her fears of an attack on her father's forces from the rear.  Arthur agreed and promised to continue the pressure on western flank in order to limit the army of the Red’s ability to counterattack.
Jason spoke up saying, "Now tell us of this gift you and those of the Forest have presented us, and what of that funny closed wagon?"
Heather spoke, "That wagon is a miniature house on wheels, and was traveling across the ice field before being captured by those of the Forest.  It contains one who calls himself Don the Great."
Jason asked, "Who is this one who calls himself great?"
"He says he is the Minister of War and has come to consolidate their newly conquered lands."
After Jason had finished laughing he said, "It would seem he is a bit premature." He then asked, "Why did you insist on camping in the courtyard?"
Heather replied very carefully, "He is a man much impressed with his own position and power.  Those of the Forest understand not the concept of court position and power, and I felt would not be influenced by his court mannerisms."
Arthur spoke up, asking bluntly, "You fear that there are those within the palace who would do the bidding of this envoy?"
Heather replied, "I would imply no offense, but yes that is my concern."
Jason spoke up saying, "Having personally experienced the effect of the influence that those of the Red can have, I must agree with your assessment." Turning towards Arthur he said, "We have worked hard to purge out the influence of Alvin and the Red Ambassador.  Is it not likely that we were not completely successful?"
Arthur responded with his head held somewhat low, "It was my duty to be successful, but I fear what you say is true."
Daniel spoke up for the first time saying, "We of the Forest can add little to this next stage involving negotiations.  It would seem that the envoy has some fear of us, for he refers to us as the wild ones.  Would it not be logical to use this fear to our advantage, making him think that his future days will have to be spent with us and our primitive ways?"
Even Arthur had to smile with the reference to those of the Forest as being the wild ones.  The mood had changed and Heather gave Daniel the briefest of smiles to thank him for his diplomatic maneuver.  The discussion now turned towards how to use the envoy to their best advantage.  It was decided a meeting would be held at the campsite, but not until Jason had time to learn a few words of the high tongue spoken by those of the Red.  Jason and his scholars had been working to interpret the writings left behind by the Red Ambassador and had made some progress, but knew not how to speak the language.  Heather said she would have Larby help with the learning of the spoken form and the meeting was set for midday on the morrow.
When Daniel and Heather had returned to the camp they found they envoy walking slowly around the camp, accompanied by the young priest.  Heather informed him of the meeting and the envoy asked, "Will we be meeting in the palace?"
Heather replied through the young priest that no, they would be meeting here in the open where those of the Forest were most comfortable.  They envoy proceeded to complain vehemently that he needed time to bathe and dress properly for the meeting.  Heather let him go on for some time before holding up her hand and saying, "You are a guest of those of the Forest who rescued you.  I am afraid you will have to follow their customs."
The envoy protested, "I am a prisoner! A hostage, not a guest!"
Heather spoke up and said simply, "Those of the Forest know not of hostages and take not prisoners.  To them you are a guest whom they must protect."
The envoy at this point was almost whining as he implored, "Can I not at least bathe prior to the meeting?"
Heather looked at Daniel who responded, "I will have Jeremy see if he can find a small tub, but heating the water may be an issue."
The evening meal was somewhat more lighthearted because Jeremy had managed a small keg of ale and the stories were told with a bit more vigor.  The envoy ate with them and watched the stories being told without saying anything.  He did partake in the ale but could not help but wrinkle his nose up at the unrefined flavor.  As the evening wore on he finally spoke up and asked of his bath.  Jeremy, with great showmanship, carried out a small tub and set it on the grating of the fire to warm.  As Heather stood to depart for the night the envoy spoke up, saying, "I would tell a story."
Heather sat down again and the young priest and Larby worked together to translate the story of the envoy.  The story concerned one of the "seers of the old ones" who lived a long time amongst the Red who had conquered his land.  The seer had spoken repeatedly of one with golden hair who would one day defeat and the next day save those of the Red.  The translating was difficult and neither the envoy nor those of the Forest fully understood the story.  Heather arose and thanked the envoy for his story.  She and Daniel then departed for rest and the envoy returned to his small house on wheels for his bath.
The morning brought more sunshine, but with it the sounds of battle off in the distance as the army of the South pressed against the flank of the army of the Red.  The cannon again began to fire and the envoy was distressed at the sound, demanding to know the meaning.  The young priest told him it was Daniel's cannon but could not explain how it made the noise, other than to say it used the powder.  After the breaking of the fast, Daniel and Heather conferred and decided to allow the envoy to see the cannon operate.  Guarded by most of those of the Forest, they made their way up the wall of the palace to the rampart where the cannon operated.
Daniel spoke to the officer in charge and had him take aim at a small, partially destroyed building not far from the palace wall.  The cannon was loaded and fire set to the primer tube.  The cannon flashed and roared.  The cannonballs struck the small building with enough force to destroy the remaining walls.
They envoy's eyes were wide with amazement, but he said nothing.  Heather gently turned him towards the river and pointed out the mast of his ships that were sunk and burned.  They could see little of the actual ongoing battle, but the front of the battle was obviously moving slowly further away from the city wall.  The envoy looked but spoke not.  When they returned to their camp those of the Forest began to prepare for the midday meal and the envoy retreated to his small house on wheels.  The meal was no sooner finished than the trumpets began to sound and the palace guard formed a column from the royal quarters to the campground.
Those of the Forest were somewhat amazed at all the finery accompanying Jason.  Those who had met him at the time of his rescue had known him as a simple and very gregarious man.  Now he presented in a royal coach dressed in finery such as those of Forest had only heard stories of.  He rested in his coach until the door of the small house on wheels opened, and out stepped the envoy dressed in robes of scarlet with feathers forming a cape.  His hat was of a black fur decorated with bright red feathers.  He stood outside his door and approached not the coach.
Heather, dressed in the simple garments of those of the Forest with her fighting cape and sword, approached the coach and bowed towards King Jason.  She then turned and held her hand towards the envoy and spoke, "Jason, King of the Southern Kingdom, I present to you the envoy of those of the Red who is a guest of those of the Forest."
With this introduction, Jason stepped from the coach and the envoy stepped forth.  Jason spoke in the high tongue of those of the Red, "As a guest of those of the Forest I welcome you."
His pronunciation may not have been perfect but the effect was dramatic and the envoy responded, "As the Minister of War for the all-conquering Scarlet King I accept your welcome."
For some time this official posturing went on with the young priest and Larby assisting Jason in translation.  Those in the Forest simply watched the display, as if two peacocks were strutting, and understood not the power struggle which was going on.  Only after an hour of official posturing did the envoy request that Jason move him into the palace proper and treat him in the manner he was expecting.
Jason responded, "I appreciate your request but since you have been received as a guest of those of the Forest I must decline.  We have the greatest respect for those of the Forest and could not insult them by removing you from their company." With that the conference ended and Jason stood and returned to his coach.  Before stepping into the coach he turned towards Heather and those of the Forest, saying, "May the God of the Sacred Water continue to bless you."
Heather held counsel with those of the Forest, explaining what had happened and why it was so important.  Betty asked, "Who won?"
Heather smiled and said, "I would say Jason won but I doubt the envoy is yet willing to concede defeat." They discussed what the next moves would be in this complex game and how those of the Forest could assist.
Daniel spoke up saying, "I think the envoy enjoys our stories and seems to be learning our language without acknowledging it.  I have watched him and he pays close attention to the lips of the one talking."
Heather agreed with Daniel and said, "It may be best if we assume he does understand and if we tell the stories of the hard times in the Forest.  He seems to be somewhat afraid of you wild ones and maybe we can build on that fear."
Daniel chipped in, "Maybe we should have Jeremy change back into a bear." He then added, after the chuckling had settled down, "On second thought then we would have to listen to even more stories, so maybe it's not such a good idea."
Jeremy was sitting next to Edna and developed such a pained look on his face that they almost felt sorry for him, until Edna nudged him in the ribs breaking the spell.  When the laughter had settled down, Heather and Daniel left to meet with Jason while the others tidied up the camp and prepared for the evening meal.


Chapter 24

Daniel and Heather presented to the royal chambers and were invited into the conference between Jason and his advisers.  They listened quietly to the ongoing discussion and the update on the battle.  Only after the advisers had left did Jason relax enough to truly welcome Heather and Daniel.  His glee was obvious when he asked, "Did you see the look on the face of the envoy when I spoke his high tongue?"
Heather returned his smile and answered, "It was a good move and helped bring him down a notch.  I was impressed with this reference to the ‘all-conquering scarlet king’."
They spoke for some time about how those of the Red seemed to feel such superiority.  Jason was quiet for just a moment and said, "Those of the Red have spent much of their wealth on this expedition of conquering.  Is such an expenditure just for the glory of conquering?"
Daniel added, "Those of the Red that I have treated are well-clothed but their nutrition seems to be not right.  Their skin has a tallow color and their teeth are loose."
Jason asked, "Would this be due to a lack of the sacred water?"
Daniel answered, "Only partially, but also maybe to a lack of fresh food.  Their wounds seemed to heal poorly and we know this can be due to a lack of fresh green foods."
Heather spoke up saying, "Is it not probable that they wage this war for our sacred water?"
Daniel objected, "Why not then just establish trade?"
Jason sat nodding his head and spoke, "If they feel superior, maybe it is below their dignity to trade with such as us.  Better to just conquer and take what you want."
Heather agreed saying, "That is why it was so important for your display today.  Only if they accept us as equals, is there hope for peace."
The conversation was interrupted when a page stepped into the room and announced that a messenger had arrived.  Jason had the messenger brought in.  It was one of the Forest who had accompanied Heather's father.  He brought a letter and said, "Those of the Red who are trapped in the great gorge have raised a white flag and presented this letter.  We understand not their language but Heather's father thought you might be able to interpret the letter."
Jason received the letter and carefully opened it.  It was written on fine parchment with significant embossing.  He read the letter silently a few times working on translating it before reading it out loud.  Even translated, the language seemed strange to Heather and Daniel and they had trouble following the meaning.  Their look of confusion made Jason stop reading and say, "It sounds like they are willing to lay down their arms in exchange for food."
Arthur had returned from his inspection of the battlefront and had heard just the last portion of their conversation.  He spoke up, saying, "This represents an interesting opportunity if the offer is genuine."
When Jason asked for an explanation he replied, "Our battle makes little headway because the range of the weapons of those of the Red is greater.  If the army of the north can bring pressure on the eastern flank, those of the Red will be hard-pressed to maintain their position."
The conversation continued but Heather was lost in thought and brought back only when Jason specifically asked, "Heather of the Northern Kingdom, what is your opinion?"
Heather replied after another moment of compilation, "I have felt that the envoy has secretly believed his troops would liberate him and has not been genuinely interested in negotiations.  Perhaps if we asked him his opinion of the letter his attitude may change." She added, "Feeding the enemy who wishes to destroy you is not what the warrior within me would do, but from what I have learned from those of the Forest, it would be best."
The discussion continued for some time but in reality the decision was made based on Heather's comment.  Jason prepared a reply letter and had his scholars review both his interpretation and his reply before sending the letter off.  He then offered the letter to Heather to show to the envoy.  Heather accepted the letter and took a moment to write a short note to her father for the messenger to deliver.  She felt, if at all possible, her father should join them and be part of the negotiations with the envoy.
Daniel and Heather returned to those of the Forest as the evening meal was already in progress.  The envoy had again joined those of the Forest around the campfire and shared the food.  Not till the food was finished and the stories begun did Heather hand the letter to the envoy saying, "King Jason has requested your opinion on how to reply to this letter."
The envoy read the letter and his scowl became even deeper but he spoke not and simply handed the letter back to Heather.  Heather received the letter and turned her attention to those telling the stories.  As they had planned, the stories were mostly about the hard times and of winter times.  As the evening wore on, Heather excused herself and she and Daniel retired to their tent.
It was only after the breaking of the fast that the envoy spoke of the letter, asking, "What is your plan for the soldiers who have written the letter?"
Heather answered, "Those of the Forest would feed those who are hungry and pledge not aggression."
After a long pause the envoy responded, "We who serve the Scarlet King do not give or expect mercy.  I cannot advise King Jason on how to respond."
Heather was learning the language of the envoy slowly but still needed the young priest to translate and assist.  She worked hard to convey the message that those of the Forest would soon be returning to their homes because the war no longer required their skills.  When the envoy realized she expected him to accompany them to the Forest, he became agitated, saying he needed to remain in the palace to negotiate the terms for peace.  Heather replied, "Winter and nature will decide the winner of this war.  The army that can sustain itself through the cold will be victorious.  There will be no negotiations for peace." She added, "King Jason has suggested a possible trade relationship when the war is complete, because Daniel says your troops suffer from a shortage of the sacred water."
The envoy said, "I would speak to King Jason about this trade relationship."
Heather replied, "I will have a message sent to him and if he so wishes we will set up a meeting."
"In the palace itself?"
Heather shook her head slowly in the negative saying, "You are a guest of those of the Forest; the meeting will be here in the open."
Jeremy spoke up and Heather translated for the envoy saying, "It may not be possible to raise your house on wheels up the mountainside to the Forest.  Jeremy is pledging his best to make sure the ropes are strong enough, but if not, you may have to walk."
The envoy just stared at Jeremy with a look that was definitely not friendly and then retreated to his house on wheels.  Jeremy spoke up again saying, "I'm not sure he appreciated my efforts in raising his house on wheels the last time."
Heather smiled and said only, "We can but do our best."
The next two days were filled with more posturing and advantage seeking but those of the Forest just continued with their lives.  The envoy began asking an occasional question during the evening storytelling and was obviously understanding those of the Forest.  On the third day, Heather received word that her father was on his way and would arrive by evening.  She and Daniel made arrangements to meet with him in the palace.  The envoy noticed they were not sharing the evening meal with those of the Forest and Heather told him, "We will be joining my father and King Jason for this evening's meal."
The envoy looked at the simple food on his plate and back at Heather who just shrugged her shoulders saying, "It is not mine to invite you, but if you wish I will speak to King Jason about it."
The envoy puffed himself up somewhat and replied, "I would think it would be appropriate that I be invited."
Heather answered not and she and Daniel left to meet with her father and King Jason.  The meal was set in the royal quarters and seemed a true banquet compared to the simple food those of the Forest were enjoying.  Her father's arrival was heralded by a messenger and a single trumpet.  He entered the room dressed for travel and showed the effects of a hard day’s travel.  Despite the dust, he received a most welcoming hug from Heather, with a slightly more formal welcoming from Daniel.  Jason was a bit more reserved but the welcome was genuinely friendly.  Jason refused any discussion of the war until they had enjoyed the evening meal.
Heather's father reported that the truce seemed to be holding and he was providing food in exchange for weapons from those of the Red trapped in the great gorge.  There had only been a minimal counterattack from the main forces of those of the Red, which they easily repelled.  They had established a minimal form of communication with the assistance of the scholar Jason had sent with a messenger from the Forest.
Heather then updated her father on the envoy and their slow progress towards negotiations.  Both Jason and her father could relate to the envoy's desire to leave the simple camp of those of the Forest for the comfort of the palace.  Jason could hardly stifle his laughter when Heather repeated the envoy's response to Jeremy's statement of needing stronger ropes to raise the house on wheels up the mountainside.  He said, "I well remember that skinny fellow telling me to trust that ever so thin rope as he rescued me."
The discussion turned towards the next step in the negotiations.  Heather's father was of the opinion that their position was now strong enough to proceed.  Heather said only, "The pride and arrogance of the envoy is still strong.  It seems the thing he fears the most is the fact that those who serve the Scarlet King are not to fail.  It may be possible to allow him to save some face with the trade agreement."
Heather's father questioned what she meant by the trade agreement and Daniel spoke up saying, "Those of the Red that I have treated seemed to be suffering from some shortage of the sacred water.  We feel this war is about the sacred water."
Her father asked if there was enough sacred water to actually trade.  Daniel explained that with the new sources that had been identified, they had some ability to trade.  The discussion went on for some time until Daniel asked, "What is to become of those of the Red who are now stranded because we have destroyed their ships and passage over the ice field is no longer possible?"
Jason said, "It will be a strain, but we probably can feed them over the winter and could they not then travel over the ice field to their home?"
Heather objected, "I would prefer those of the Red continue to think of the ice field as being impassable.  They must return home by sea."
Jason asked, "Did not your Larby say that the whirling storms prevented travel by sea?"
"Until the harvest moon, he said it was too dangerous.  I would those of the Red be allowed to travel overland to the protected cove we used as a lookout.  They could be transferred back to their homeland from there, in stages with their few remaining ships."
Jason asked, "What would they do for food and water?"
Heather replied, "Those of the Forest identified a small spring in the hills above the cove.  It would provide enough water to sustain them but we would need to provide them with food."
Heather's father asked, "We give them their freedom and support them until they can travel to their homes, what do they give us in this trade?"
Heather shrugged her shoulders and said, "I know not."
Jason sat silently thinking before saying, "We know so little of our enemy and what they may offer.  The thing I would desire most is the knowledge they may have of the world, for I expect the world is far larger than we can imagine."
Heather asked, "What is the worth of this knowledge?"
Jason responded, "Who knows? If you know not what you do not know, how can one judge? I would expect our isolated unknown lands will never again be the same, for whether we want to or not we will be interacting with those of the Red.  Those of the Red came from somewhere else to conquer our ancestors.  I would know more about the where from which they came."
Heather spoke saying, "Larby, the stranger from the Southland, aided those of the Forest greatly in the attack on the ships.  I would he and his people, be granted one of the ships as spoils of war.  I would also claim one for those of the Forest to be used in trade."
The discussion continued for some time with Jason making a list of demands.  Daniel, for most of the discussion, just watched and listened, but when he noticed the fatigue in Heather's face, spoke up saying, "I would think the planning can wait until morning.  I would my bride rest."
They returned to the camp where the storytelling was still going strong.  The envoy watched them return and said a sarcastic lilt to his voice, "Did you enjoy your meal in the comfort of the palace?"
Heather responded, "The food was excellent but seeing my father was even better."
For the next several days the posturing and planning continued.  The envoy seemed to become ever more agitated that he was not invited to the palace proper.  The war had come to something of a standstill with the army of the north containing those of the Red in the great gorge.  The army of the South was unable to dislodge the remaining army of the Red, but this army was deprived of any source of supplies.
Jason, at one of the meetings, suggested it was time to allow the envoy a visit to the palace.  He suggested a wedding celebration for Jeremy and Edna as an excuse.  Attendance would be limited to only those they trusted the most, and the envoy would be kept surrounded by those of the Forest at all times.  Heather agreed and left the planning to Jason.  When they returned to the camp she told the envoy of the planned celebration and his invitation.
He responded, "It is about time I was brought into the palace proper." He then added, "I am not sure what to wear; I did not bring wedding attire."
Heather replied, "Those of the Forest will dress in their traditional garb but I expect King Jason will dress somewhat more formally.  You are being invited as our guest and will sit with us."
The day was spent in preparation for the celebration, with those of the Forest doing their best to make their travel garb presentable.  Heather and Betty assisted Edna in her preparations, using small swatches of fabric and flowers to create a headdress.  Heather considered trying to obtain nicer clothes for Edna but wished not to dispel the envoy's belief in the nature of the wild ones.
Those of the Forest presented to the royal hall as an unorganized group who only partially arranged themselves into the procession line.  The formal presentation according to status was completely interrupted by their arrival.  The dignitaries from the South showed great respect to those of the Forest and accepted easily their disorganized arrival.  Those of the Forest were escorted to the front of the royal hall and given seats at the head of the table, where two thrones sat.  The remaining dignitaries took their places as delegated by their status.  The envoy was brightly adorned in scarlet and purple robes and stood out quite dramatically amongst those of the Forest.  Only the height of his hat feathers could be seen when he was amongst the much taller folks of the Forest.  He kept looking at the dignitaries of the South, trying to make eye contact, but those of the Forest kept shifting their positions to block his view.
The trumpets were sounded and from opposite doors Heather's father and Jason entered the hall and took their respective positions on thrones at the head of the table.  Jason was dressed in royal fashion but a sword was very visible under his robe.  Heather's father was dressed more as a warrior, with his status as King being designated by the small crown and the royal cape he wore.  Jason opened the ceremony by saying, "Tonight we celebrate the marriage of this man, to whom I owe my life and freedom, to his bride, a woman who undoubtedly has been blessed by the God of the Sacred Water with patience which knows no bounds."
Heather's father then spoke saying, "All of our peoples owe these two young ones from the Forest a debt which only the God of the Sacred Water fully understands.  It is right that we honor their wedding."
The trumpets sounded again and all took their seats.  Wine goblets were filled and the first of many courses began to appear.  Jason then stood up and all small talk ceased.  He turned towards Heather and said, "A toast would be in order to start the evening."
Heather arose, raising her glass towards Jason and her father, and said, "I would first toast these two Kings who have worked together to protect all of our peoples." A cheer went up as everyone joined in the first toast.  Heather then spoke again saying, "I would have Daniel provide the wedding toast, for it is he who allowed these two to finally come together."
Daniel arose, raised his glass, and said, "To my lifelong friend, to whom I owe so much, and to his bride, a woman of uncommon valor who is blessed with the patience of the Forest itself."
The cheering went on until Jeremy and Edna stood and satisfied everyone with a long passionate kiss.  Only then did the eating begin.  The mood was festive and everyone seemed to be talking.  The envoy tried to make eye contact with those of the palace but those of the Forest kept moving just enough to block his vision.  The conversation was again interrupted by the trumpets and the palace chef entered, followed by a large roast being carried by four assistants.  They stopped at the head of the table and the chef most ceremoniously sliced off two slivers of beef and presented them to each of the Kings.  The Kings, with great dignity, carefully tasted the beef and conferred amongst themselves before Jason announced, "The beef is fit to eat."
The main course was then served and conversation resumed.  Wine and ale flowed freely but Heather and Daniel drank little as they closely observed the envoy.  He was obviously enjoying the food and partook freely of the wine.  When dessert had been served, Jason again stood and asked, "I would hear the story of your wedding."
Jeremy stood, and with a nod to his wife, began the story.  The envoy was obviously listening closely, especially to the portion involving the battle on the ice field, and of Betty's communicating with the spirits of the Forest.  Daniel listened to his friend tell the story and realized how different Jeremy's view of the surgery was to his own.  He had done only what had needed to be done, but Jeremy made it sound as if it was some superhuman effort.  When the story reached the scene of the wedding announcement, Jeremy stopped to take a sip of ale.
Edna spoke up saying, "I had always said that anyone who married Jeremy would need to have a hole in their head.  It seems that Daniel put a hole in my head just so I would have to marry Jeremy."
After the laughter had settled down, Jeremy completed his story of the wedding itself.  Jason and Heather's father rose together and Jason spoke, "A story well told.  We would propose a toast to Jeremy and Edna of the Forest."
Everyone rose and raised their glasses as Heather's father spoke, "A toast to these young people of the Forest, may they live long with the blessings of the God of the Sacred Water."
When the cheering had settled down, Heather spoke up, saying, "I would we give our guest an opportunity to tell a story."
Jason looked at the envoy, who was obviously a bit surprised at the request, but nodded in assent.  He rose and first apologized for his limited vocabulary of their tongue.  With the help of the young priest, he told a brief story of his people’s origins and their destiny to be rulers of the world.  His people had arisen in a land far across the sea, but war and famine had forced them to explore beyond their borders.  This exploration had led to the discovery of the lands of "Those Left Behind" which were conquered, as was their destiny.  He then again mentioned the ancient seer who had foretold of a warrior with golden hair who would both defeat and save their people.  He finished with a simple nod to Heather and a brief bow to Jason and Heather's father.
Jason conferred briefly with Heather's father before rising and saying, "A story well told, for which we thank you.  I would propose a toast to the envoy and a prayer to the God of the Sacred Water for his health."
The envoy accepted the toast and responded, "I too would propose a toast.  A toast to the potential peace and trade between our peoples."
The toasting continued and then more stories were told as the evening wore on.  Those of the Forest continued to prevent the envoy from making eye contact with anyone from the palace.  The dinner came to an end, and those of the Forest left soon after the Kings had departed.  They resumed their stories around the campfire, with the envoy listening closely.  Heather's fatigue was evident as she and Daniel departed the group for their tent.
In the morning the envoy told Heather, "I would speak to my generals."
Heather responded, "If you prepare a letter I will discuss with Jason a means of delivery to your generals.  I would expect some of the Forest would be willing to deliver it with the protection of the white flag."
The envoy responded, "My troops will respect a white flag.  I will prepare the letter."
Heather and Daniel departed soon after to confer with Jason and her father.  Despite the free-flowing wine and ale on the previous evening, everyone seemed to be feeling positive.  After listening to Heather's request, Jason said, "I think it is time we try for peace."
Heather's father agreed saying, "If those of the Red will halt all hostilities, we can begin peace negotiations." He then looked at Heather and added, "I pray to the God of the Sacred Water for you and your baby to live in times of peace."
Heather could not stop a few tears from forming and she said only, "I dream of returning home and raising my child."
Heather's father face lit up as he visualized Heather and her baby joining them in the palace.  He said, "It will be good to have you with us again."
Heather's tears ran down her cheeks as she reached out and took her father's strong left hand, saying, "Father, my home is with Daniel in Issip."

***



I wish to give thanks to my daughter Ruth for her efforts in proofreading this manuscript.  I enjoy the writing process, but find it very difficult to proofread what I have written…must be my surgical background, for everyone knows that surgeons cannot spell.  With my dyslexia, I read in pictures and it is difficult for me to slow down and see the words.



"The Scarlet King" continues the story of Daniel and Heather as Book 3 of the Sacred Water series.  It is well visualized in my mind but will take a while to get it written down.  I will publish it at Smashwords.com.



I can be contacted at: DocKaluza@gmail.com  or at:

http://www.facebook.com/pages/Doc-Kaluza/172455206099307 
