






Scarlet Rose!
F.M. Mayhem



Copyright 2018 F.M. Mayhem 
Published by F.M. Mayhem at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Contents

Like A Bat Out Of Hell
A Beautiful Flower Blooms
From The New World
When It Rains It Pours
The Killer’s Code
There’s No Place Like Home
Sleeping Beauty
Touched By A God
The Queue From Hell
Welcome To Brady’s
The Dream Becomes A Nightmare
Battle Of The Titans
A Third Wheel
Conspiring Adults
The Road To Enlightenment
Gaining Insight
666
A Case Of Food Poisoning
Strange Bedfellows
The Abominable Dr. Marianne
Fear In The Darkness
Public Enemies
A Tale Of Two Lovers
The Magnificent Duo
The Terror Of Crystal Lake
(I’m)mortal
The Garden Of Sinners
The Curse Is Carelessness
Gods Among Us
When The Rain Falls
Terror Awakens
Boy Meets Girl
The Princess And Her Shining Knight
A Darker Tomorrow
Sentenced To Death
Extra! Extra! The Weight Of A Thousand Worlds
About the Author
Connect with Mister Mayhem
Like A Bat Out Of Hell

This place just doesn’t, ever, change. I’ve been trapped here for who knows how long, stuck sitting along this bright sandy beach with clear blue waves softly lapping at the shoreline, the sky never differing from a typical summer’s day and the sun forever shining radiantly. In short, this is hell.
I just want so much to see some angry grey clouds cover the sun, unleashing torrential rains and fierce cracks of lightning! But, no. Only fluffy white clouds drift lazily across the sky in repetitive patterns. This was all part of his plan. He always seemed to understand me better than anybody, strange as it was.
This sickening plane doesn’t offer much in the way of spiritual energy. Energy can be devoured from even the smallest and most insignificant objects. I can draw power out of trees, grass, any living creature. Hell, even the air itself has something to offer up! But not here. Nope, on one side I’ve got sandy dunes and the other is nothing but a vast ocean of artificial water. The air here does supply a small amount of energy, but only enough to keep me young and beautiful. That’s the sole reason I haven’t escaped this personal hell yet, after what I can only assume has been thousands of years of torment. All I can do is bide my time in hope that someday someone will unleash me upon the world once again, and when that happens, well, I’m going to have some fun!
It’s so dull here! There’s absolutely nothing to do besides meditation, and I never used to do it solely because it bored me terribly! Sadly though, it’s the only way to barely gather the energy I need to sustain myself. To make matters worse, I haven’t seen another living creature in so long! Oh how I crave to cover my long since clean hands in vermilion! I miss that slimy feeling so much!
I couldn’t help but sigh. It’s no good. I’m only going to make myself depressed again. I’ve gone through these phases many, many times before. I’ll enter a state of absolute indifference where nothing will bother me, but as the days, months or years pass by (it’s actually really hard to tell the time when the sun never moves), I’ll grow depressed and angry at everything around me. Then that passes and I’ll become indifferent again. I never used to get unhappy, in fact, I was the one that made others depressed, and I was good at it too.
I really miss those days. I used to be extremely well known around the old neighbourhood. My name had even reached into bordering kingdoms! Yes, I was certainly quite popular among the people there, and I loved it! Let’s be honest, who wouldn’t love all that attention? I was so well known in fact, that I’ve even had a couple of battalions sent to my doorstep deep in the woods. I did enjoy their company, so much so that I couldn’t help but greet them with open arms. They always left with fewer than half their original troops, with the survivors’ minds swimming in so much madness they’d be unable to even recognise their loved ones’ faces. It was no big deal really, just a little parting gift I thought they might enjoy. Even the Coven came to visit my home sometimes, though they never left. Tch, those types of people who just won’t leave can really get under your skin right? Well that’s how I felt, so instead of letting them do that, I let them get under the planet’s skin where they provided nourishment for my favourite trees and plants. Now that’s a useful house guest!
Popularity has its merits certainly, but it also has its downfalls. A lot of people try to leech off you or try to bring you down to their level, just like him. I’ve been approached by many a leech looking to make a name for themselves, but the only thing they made out of themselves was a delicious soul. I would devour those hopeful wannabes’ souls like they were on sale, all of them except his.
I was untouchable back then. Looking back on it now, I suppose those might have been my golden years. It’s sad really, I should’ve done more with my life. I feel like I should’ve used my peerless power to establish a small country in my name or something. That’s what most people do right? It’s too bad I never really cared for such a thing. I reckon I would’ve made a fantastic overlord. Hmm, maybe once I get out of here I should change things up a little and actually do that. So long as I’m alive, there’s still hope!
I sighed again in reminiscence. One day, I thought, one day I’ll break free and reign terror down on those who imprisoned me. I think I’ll start with the Coven. I’ll rip their organisation to pieces, either killing them all outright or scattering them to lands unknown. It was one of their idiots that sealed me away after all. I’ll never forget his name, the name of that single man who was slightly less than my equal.
Brady. I do miss him dearly. No one was ever able to match my power until he came along. The fights we used to get into! They raged for days at a time, always ending in stalemate and exhaustion. I could barely even move afterwards! It was so exhausting I’d have to retreat back to my home in order to recuperate. I’ve never had so much fun while trying to tear out someone’s insides! I couldn’t help but lick my lips a little just at the mere thought. Not even those monstrously powerful Demes were able to put up a fight like Brady could. Ah the good old days. Unfortunately my joy came to an abrupt end when he used some very underhanded tactics to seal me away. He created this world knowing full well just how much I’d hate it, and for that I despise him even more.
I was quickly pulled back to reality when something that hasn’t happened for millennia occurred; the wind changed direction. I stood up in wonder, looking all around in order to ascertain what had caused this monumental change. Nothing seemed different at first, the sky was still as blue as the ocean and the sand still stretched on for eternity, but then I noticed it.
This was my chance! This is what I’ve been waiting an eternity for! I don’t know why this was happening, perhaps Brady’s magic had finally run out after so many years, but the reason didn’t really matter. I wasn’t going to pass up this opportunity for anything. I slowly, but without caution, approached the slight dimensional rift splitting the air apart, taking on the form of the opening to some cave leading to nothing but emptiness. The swirling winds roared loudly in my ears, tearing through the portal, creating a small vortex of immense power. Everything around me was being sucked through the opening, making my surroundings look like a horribly skewed painting. It was as if everything was being drawn to this point.
I gripped my staff hard, took one last look around the place I’d inhabited for many millennia, and smirked. Finally! I screamed internally. I can finally leave this hellish world! I can finally look upon another living creature! I can finally bathe myself in blood again!
The pressure of the wind was growing more intense by the second and before I knew what was happening, my body was very forcibly tugged into the inter-dimensional rift. The force of the pull was so tremendous it took all I had to not let my long staff slip through my fingers.
There’s no other way to describe this sensation other than odd. This is the second time travelling in such a manner and I can safely say there’s no getting used to it. That being said, I am quite pleased to see this black-filled tunnel, a colour I haven’t seen in such a long time. It was pretty calming really. It reminds me of the night, something I was so very fond of when I was still living in those woods. I missed searching the night skies as I tried to divine the signs given by the stars, or better yet, trying to harness the power of some lunar event.
An array of swirling streaks of purplish lightning surrounded me as I helplessly shot along. I couldn’t move much, not when the force was so strong, so I spent my time marvelling at a sight most people would never get to witness, and then I laid my eyes on a darkness superior to my surroundings, the exit rift
This new development quickly made me aware of a significant inconvenience. I was still picking up speed along this tunnel, and, try as I might, I could not slow down. It wasn’t enough to make me panic, but it could become problematic should I end up catapulting out the other end into some kind of spiked trap. Actually, I better take note of that. Once I’ve regained some of my power, I should definitely become reacquainted with my various experimentation in torture and execution methods.
Sadly, that wasn’t the only problem. Because of the very limited amount of energy in that ghastly plane, I was pretty much tapped out right now. I doubt I could even engulf an ant in flames with the power I currently possessed. This was unfortunate because my instincts were screaming that there was something or someone on the other side of that exit portal, a being which I would be almost powerless against. Well, only time will tell.
This tunnel must be playing with my senses because in all that time I’d only barely covered any ground towards the exit. I really don’t want to be stuck in here for the next eternity, drifting along like a helpless infant, only gaining speed until I cross the threshold between time and space and my existence is moved from the physical world to the ethereal realm wherein I become omnipresent, doomed to watch over all of existence forever. That’s one of my biggest fears. For those who call my fears groundless and idiotic, please refer to those silly clairvoyants who get hooked on Seer Stones. Granted I’ve never seen a clairvoyant wink out of existence like that, but I’ve heard the stories and seen the signs in the stars. It’s a real phenomenon I tell you!
As I gradually drew closer to the end of the tunnel, I was delighted to hear the soft murmur of voices floating to my ears. Ah, it’s been so long since I’ve heard another’s voice my heart actually began racing a little in anticipation. They weren’t screaming in fear or anything, but even so, I was still happy to hear them. The closer I got the clearer the voices became, well, relatively anyway. They were speaking some foreign language I was unfamiliar with, though I was able to tell they were repeating a string of words over and over again in a chant-like way. It was quite easy to surmise that some kind of ritual was taking place on the other side of the rift, and it must have been something of a higher level since I could hear seven distinctly different voices, the perfect number of participants for any ritual. Any more would create rhythmic problems, while too few would decrease the energy output significantly. That’s the very basics of ritualistic spellcraft, for all those uninformed morons out there.
My eyes were the next part of me to relay something joyful, which was a large silver disc shining radiantly in the centre of the rift, surrounded by innumerable sparkling gems. I squealed in delight at having finally seen a sight that’d been stolen from me during my eternal damnation. I was always much more fond of the moon and stars than the repulsive sun. It’s the best time to strike fear into the hearts of the clueless wanderer or adventurer after all, but that wasn’t the only reason. The darkness the night has to offer is so much more beautiful than the light of day. Seeing the moon’s silver rays piercing through crooked tree branches or watching as a glamorous flower soaks up its wonderful glow, it all just gives me a certain sense of peace incomparable to anything you could find during the day.
My eyes were becoming teary, my ears drowning in the lovely sounds of human voices, and then something absolutely wonderful assailed my nose. Scents of all kinds reached me, filling my entire being with such an amazing sense of nostalgia. Incense was burning, as were some herbs, and there was even the delightful smell of an animal carcass and fresh blood. Whoever these people are, they’re using all the ingredients involved in a summoning ritual, which means I was being pulled back from hell thanks to them. I wonder who they are though? Some kind of loyal fanatics? I’ve never had any followers before, but it would be a welcome change. We could spread fear and terror across all the lands in a conquest never before seen! Yes, I think that would be adequate compensation for bringing me back to this world.
Three of my five senses had already granted me with enough happiness, but it was when I started feeling through my sixth that I became truly overjoyed. I could feel it, filling me up inside, such free and untapped spiritual energy. The trees, the grass, even the air was lending me some of its essence! I felt awake for the first time in years! So alive and strong! I definitely remember this feeling, this feeling of absolute power.
I smiled wickedly at the thought. True terror has finally returned to the world.
A Beautiful Flower Blooms

The pleasurable feeling from my sixth sense was a mere drop in the ocean compared to when I finally shot out of the exit rift. I didn’t have much time to savour this one glorious moment though, as less than a second after my exit, I decided to cast my first form of magic in an eternity. The reason for this decision was a simple one: I didn’t know a single thing about this group of summoners, for all I knew they could be executioners from the Coven. It’s not like they posed any real danger to me, but better safe than sorry, as the old saying goes.
Everything within a two hundred metre radius was shrouded in a heavy fog. The sheer size of the spell might’ve been overkill, but what the hell right? Might as well make it as grand as possible! There was that, and also another reason I made it that big. You see, this was no ordinary fog, it’s called a Labyrinth Fog. It was designed in ancient times to trap criminals without the use of man-made structures. It’s a rather simple technique, all it does is disorient the target into making it seem like they’re trapped in a fog that stretches on forever, when in reality they’ve just been walking around in circles for a while. People have been known to die in their never-ending quest to find the edge of the fog, spending the rest of their days simply walking until they collapse from exhaustion.
I hadn’t descended back to the ground yet, having chosen instead to float above everyone else in my rightful position. My eyes alone were able to pierce through the obscuring fog, allowing me to survey the pitiful situation before me.
With my position secure and the situation most definitely in my favour, I decided to kick back a little and observe. Some might call it lazy, while others (me) call it an intelligent move, but I mostly did it out of sheer boredom. The insects below weren’t providing much in the way of entertainment, in fact they were rather dull. Their reactions had at first been a bit panicky, what with the sudden fog and all, but now they were just speaking calmly to one another. Talk about boring!
I cast my eyes around and took in my surroundings. Apparently I’d arrived in a small clearing in some sort of forest. It was kind of nostalgic actually, given I spent most of my prior years living in some woods. I couldn’t even begin to guess at which kingdom this was in though, which is to be expected really. I’ll be able to figure all that out in due time anyway, so it wasn’t much of a bother right now.
I examined the trees surrounding the clearing. They seemed quite alive and full of energy, energy I was lacking. While the air was supplying me with a constant source, it was minimal at best, not really something you could find any real nourishment from. A tree’s power though is significantly more, but just to give a bit of a comparison, devouring a tree’s energy would be similar to eating a biscuit the size of a pebble for dinner. In other words, it would do little to satiate my hunger. Luckily there were quite a number of trees here, not to mention those people shifting about down below. Before I engage in any kind of contact with them, it’s probably best to build up some of my power, and to do so, I pointed the tip of my staff at a random tree-trunk and watched as the entire thing decayed into a pile of mush, feeling its small lifeforce coursing through my being. Ah, simply wonderful! I repeated this process many times, turning my attention back down to the small group after noticing some of them had begun to stir about.
“Did it work?” a voice wondered. Of course it did fool! Where else would this fog have come from?
“I’m not sure. This fog has made it impossible to tell.” another responded cautiously.
Do they not realise this is magic? How on earth were they able to summon me from another dimension? If their intelligence was any reflection of their abilities, the only thing that brought me back was some kind of divine miracle! Well, if you believe in that sort of thing.
“No, it must have worked. This fog is unnatural.”
Oh? This third voice seems like a slightly more intelligent monkey.
“So what do we do then? Should we try speaking to the demon?”
Demon? Well I suppose some people believe witches are demons. But does that mean they have no idea who they’ve summoned?
The group continued to debate over what their next action would be, much to my disappointment and continued boredom. Finally they decided to try and speak with me, whom they believed to be some kind of higher tier lord of darkness. The times mustn’t have changed all that much if people still believed in that kind of hocus pocus.
“Great Lord of Darkness and Despair, do you walk among us right now?”
Talk about cheesy! I almost couldn’t stifle the groan rising up within. Even if a demon lord actually existed, I doubt they would find being spoken to in such a way all that pleasing. I feel sorry and kind of awkward for this guy, who has actually managed to speak without even the slightest hint of embarrassment.
I stopped harvesting the trees’ energies with my staff and manoeuvred it behind me to use as a makeshift seat. Might as well get comfortable while I continue to observe this dull play. I then resumed my harvest, except this time I just pointed my palms at the trees, resulting in the same reaction. As for the objects of my surveillance, they had reverted back to bickering when I’d refused to respond. Now, I’d be lying if I said their petty squabbles didn’t amuse me slightly. I took all kinds of joy from any kind of dissension within a group.
“Maybe this fog is our great demon lord?” someone called out, causing the rest to ponder the moronic idea themselves.
Are these people being serious? How have they not realised it’s just simple magic yet?
Alright, I suppose it’s about time I revealed myself now. Even with the small amount of power I’d amassed, I seriously doubt this group could put up much of a fight if it ever came to it. Scratch that, when it comes to it.
I began by alerting the summoners with a very high pitched and condescending laugh.
“Fools!” I cried. “How in hell were a bunch of ignorant creatures like you able to summon me?”
I was actually quite curious about that. From what I could see none of the seven gathered here had any special aptitude for magic.
“A woman?”
“But the dark lord is supposed to be a man!”
“It doesn’t matter!” one of them yelled, restoring order to the group. “We made no mistakes with the ritual, she must be our intended summon.”
The one who’d spoken last broke their circular formation and wandered into the centre. This guy’s got guts, I’ll give him that, though some people (me) might call it foolish ignorance. I guess that’s to be expected since they obviously have no idea who I am, which honestly pained me a little. I’ll see what kind of information they have to offer before I enlighten them to the true horror they have summoned.
“Speak.” I commanded from my perch, making the confused person stare into the sky. “Why have you summoned me?”
“Great one.” the speaker, a man, began with a bow. “We ask for your aid in destroying our enemies. The Coven has been consistently interrupting our work. You are to eliminate them once and for all.”
What a pathetic request, and the way he demands my help is absolutely repulsive. Still, the Coven is still in existence huh? Once I’m through here I’ll gladly pay them a visit.
“You would dare order me?” I replied with absolute hostility. “Weaklings such as you, who cannot even defend themselves, do not deserve my power!”
“What? But we brought you to our world for this purpose!”
“No, you summoned a demon lord for your own personal use, not me.”
I sighed. This was quite tiring and I’d only gathered a small amount of information. I think it’s about time I end our little party and be on my way.
“Enough of this. You bore me.” I told him tiredly.
I held my palm towards the speaker and gazed down at him with no particular emotion. I snapped my wrist around, heard the wonderful sound of bones crunching, and dropped my hand in the same instance the speaker’s body slumped to the ground, his head now facing the wrong way.
A slight amount of discord spread amongst the remaining members of the summoning group, which was to be expected. They didn’t know one of their own was dead after all.
“Now who can tell me where to find the Coven’s hideout?” I asked aloud.
I was quickly given the information I desired. It didn’t seem too hard to find. Apparently once I entered the city I’d know it as soon as I saw it. The only problem was actually getting there. I sometimes, not very often, have this problem with directions, so this might get a tiny bit frustrating and difficult.
“So, you are going to help us?” they asked excitedly.
I laughed shrilly in response.
“No, I’m not going to help you. I have a personal score to settle with those buffoons, nothing the likes of you could ever hope to understand.”
Actually, there was only one prick from the Coven I wanted to lay my eyes on.
Ah Brady, I’ve missed him terribly. I wonder if he’s dead yet? I mean, if I’m alive, he could be too right? Boy would I love to see the expression on his face when he sees me again.
“You’re all so painfully dull. Let’s wrap this up quickly, shall we? I’ve got things to do.” I yawned, feeling that wonderful surge of wickedness I’d felt so long ago. “Now what to do with you all? I could just leave you all in this fog to wander aimlessly about for the rest of your days. Then again, I could really use the power your souls have to offer.” I heard them mutter to themselves in a confused manner, as if they couldn’t comprehend the meaning behind my words. Looks like I’ll have to explain it to them plain and simple, or maybe I’ll just show them. “Right! Okay, then it’s decided!”
Even if the fog wasn’t there I doubt these pitiful creatures would’ve ever known what hit them! I barely even had to try! I used a couple of basic spells, you know, just to get used to the feeling again. I threw your run of the mill stuff, like a bolt of lightning, reconfigured the air to make it toxic, increased the temperature of the water within their bodies, you know, amateur stuff. The headless chooks tried their very best to scramble about and defend themselves, but it was all for naught. An additional six corpses lay strewn about on the ground almost immediately after I’d finished speaking!
“Pah! Their souls are as tasteless as wild beasts!” I spat after harvesting the last of them. “Well, power is power! I suppose this will have to do for the moment.”
Not only did their souls provide very little in the way of nourishment, I hadn’t even had time to properly enjoy myself with the slaughter! I hope not everyone is as weak as they were.
As I sat on my staff I peered up at the heavens, drinking in the silver glow of the moon. I could feel the anticipation of my hunt burning up inside me. There are some good times ahead, I can just feel it! I can already hear the screams of humanity as they flee before the horror I bring!
“Now, I suppose it’s time I remind the world of the terror that is Crimson Lily!” I screeched into the night.
From The New World

I wonder where I am? I can’t see any familiar landmarks nearby, which is strange, or maybe not since they’ve never really helped me before. Although, I suppose the world could have changed after three millennia, in a number of ways. I noticed this earlier, but the clothes those maggot ritualists were wearing were very odd. Time takes no prisoners it seems, and not even good style can survive oblivion.
I’ve been wandering through these woods for hours now and the moon looks just about ready to disappear, to be replaced by that revolting sun. I can’t believe I haven’t found the edge yet! I knew my sense of direction wasn’t the best, but this is just ridiculous! At this rate I’ll never find where the Coven’s cowering, let alone colour their building with its members’ blood!
I just wish I could find a small settlement, or at the very least a lone wanderer. Then I’d be able to pull out the information I needed, amidst a flurry of screams of course. Sadly, I’ve somehow ended up in a forest completely devoid of life! I haven’t even heard the sound of an innocent bird chirping away! At least I knew I wasn’t walking around in circles, thanks to the trail of decaying plant-life in my wake.
I’ve already done the obvious and tried to commune with the trees, but they were no help. It was like talking to a brick wall! The trees in the forest surrounding my former home always helped me when I needed it. Not these pretentious snobs. Very rude, if I do say so myself. I should burn them all down for their attitude. Hey! Then I won’t need to worry about finding the edge, the edge with come to me!
I’d already engulfed my arms in flames and was preparing to teach these pretentious trees a lesson, when I suddenly caught the scent of smoke. Some stupid worm might assume I were smelling my own arms burning, except I was using magic, and it only burns what I wanted it to burn. This smell was coming from somewhere else, somewhere close by.
Smoke is good. Smoke means fire, and fire means people! People produce fear. Fear gives me joy! Oh, and people can give directions too, I guess. I need directions, and I need to spread fear. It’s settled! I’ll find these people and scare them into giving me directions.
I followed my nose and traversed the dense thicket, though it wasn’t all that dense once I’d passed through it. The smell was becoming thicker, yet I still couldn’t see anything, meaning it must have been one hell of a campsite. Maybe a large group of people have gathered there. Excellent! The more screams the merrier!
I hurried along until I could hear quite a number of people talking. I decided to stop and make my approach from the air, just to scout the area. Knowing your surroundings is essential when planning a slaughter. You’ve got to find the places where the frightened rabbits are likely to run off to the moment they realise how severely outmatched they are. It always happens, but clever preparation is key to making sure nobody can leave alive.
I floated across the treetops until I came to a large clearing. There were some makeshift huts built that could probably hold around thirty people altogether. Right now I could only make out about a dozen of the ants scurrying about. Probably just some bandits, not very entertaining. Hmm, looks like they could pretty much flee in any direction to escape me. I’m not overly fond of chasing down targets, but a girl’s gotta eat, right?
I retreated back into the forest a short way and made my descent. Once my feet touched the ground I started walking back towards the campsite. I could’ve just assaulted them from the air, only, it’s really no fun blitzing in there like lightning and finishing the whole thing in less than a minute. It’s better to give them a chance, no matter how small it may be.
I was noticed immediately after setting foot into the clearing.
“Hey look!” the bandit on watch shouted. “It’s a woman!”
His alert drew the eyes and wondrous muttering of all his nearby friends. I could count about ten of them, which was probably less than half their strength judging from all the equipment lying around. Sadly, it would appear none of these fools were adept in the mystic arts. I had intended this to be a slaughter from the very beginning, but I at least wanted it to be fun. Didn’t look like that was possible now.
Suddenly the crowd of admirers parted down the middle and a confident looking man, dressed a little differently, began his approach. He held the smirk of some arrogant fool who thought he was in total control, just the kind of plaything I adored the most. For those who hold my words in the highest regard, which should be everyone, obviously, these kinds of people show the most delicious fear on their faces when they know all is lost.
“You’re right! It is a woman!” this new man, who must be their leader, said to the lookout. “You know, it’s pretty boring waiting around here. Someone grab her before she runs. She’ll provide the lot of us with some entertainment!”
A round of cheers erupted while a couple of the clueless fools approached me with their greedy hands wanting. Now, had they looked at my feet instead of my pretty face they would’ve seen the fate awaiting them. Fortunately, their lustful gazes never wavered.
The sides of my mouth curved wickedly at the sounds of their screams. Stupid little idiots! I rot the very ground I walk upon! So why on earth did these weaklings think they’d be able to lay a finger on me? The flesh on their hands decayed rapidly up to the wrist, leaving nothing but bone in mere seconds, then after several more even the bone was gone.
“While it does make me happy that you find me attractive enough to serve as your repulsively vulgar entertainment, I’m afraid I can’t assent so easily.” I mocked, looking around at the paling faces before me. “Besides, there’s only one thing that gets me in the mood, and that is -”
Before my last word was spoken, I swung my free hand in front of me at about shoulder height. A short gust of wind followed and the screaming of the two handless dopes was instantly cut short, their heads rolling backwards in a violent spray. I stood there feeling the soft droplets splatter against my body and face, laughing my heart out in ecstasy.
“-this!” I cackled in a way that sent visible shivers down the spines of every single one of those bandits.
They were stunned. Some of them tried to edge backwards, while others simply collapsed to the ground. Even their leader was standing there with his mouth hanging open.
I was confused. Isn’t it a little weird that they should frighten so easily, especially for bandits? Maybe it’s because they didn’t expect such a beauty to possess this kind of power. It happens quite a lot, understandably.
“What’s with the stupid look boys? Weren’t you going to have your way with me?” I provoked in a voice soaking in seduction. It seemed to work too as the leader was snapped out of his daze and immediately moved into action.
“Listen up men!” he shouted clearly in the silence. “Don’t try capturing her alive! Kill her!”
The sound of his voice had roused the remaining cockroaches from their holes. Now that all the pieces were on the board, I won’t have to worry about playing hide-and-seek, a game I absolutely detested.
Now then, let’s try to make the most of this!
When It Rains It Pours

“Hey! Anyone still alive?” I called out, poking a nearby body with my staff. Nothing but silence. “Damn!”
I’d gotten a little too enthusiastic back there and now nobody’s alive to point me in the right direction. I wouldn’t say it was entirely my fault though. I really didn’t think they’d splatter apart that quickly.
Well that’s just great! Now I’ll be doomed to wander this forest for a couple more hours and it’s all thanks to their remarkably weak survival instincts! Argh! I could just kill them all over again!
“There has to be a better way than walking through this damn forest.” I mumbled in thought as I paced back and forth, harvesting the souls of the thirty corpses. I could use magic to help? Wait, no, that’s never worked out before, and in some cases, it’s actually made the situation much worse.
I was deep within the throes of despair when the sun suddenly peaked over the horizon, turning my mood from foul to feral. This just keeps getting worse and worse doesn’t it! Oh! And if that isn’t just the cherry on the cake! Now some other hapless twit is approaching!
Oh? Oh, oh, oh? Hang on a minute. There’s something different about this chump.
So then, who’s this that’s come crawling into my killing field? I can’t even see the brute and yet I can already feel such a tremendous intent for blood flowing from those shadows beyond the trees.
My fingers twitched, my heart steadily beat faster, my tongue slid across my lips; I was getting excited. None of the infants so far had produced a reaction like this. I couldn’t help but quiver! I could hear the grass shuffling and twigs snapping as the blood-seeker took long strides forward.
It was the moment the sun rose high enough to fill the clearing with its foul light that the mysterious intruder finally became visible, and my heart couldn’t help but sink a little. I knew these types of guys. They’re huge and bulky, so they put on a big act about how strong they are, then are always the first to run screaming for their mothers the second their imminent doom becomes apparent.
A tattered and torn dark rag covered this giant beast-looking man from his shoulders right down to his lower legs, where it parted open slightly to one side to reveal the devilish looking silver armour completely encasing his entire leg and foot. His hair was a wild mess and his jawline unshaven, making it look like he’d had the worst night of his entire life, or the best in some cases. Under that matted wild hair sat two piercing, hate-filled eyes that just screamed a desire for murder. But perhaps the most interesting things about him were the weapons he wore on his back. A huge, thick blade passed diagonally over his back from his right shoulder to his left leg, with the pointed tip easily visible and showing me a deep red stain. Going in the opposite direction across his back was a long spear with two bladed ends the same colour as his sword. Those blades were unique in a way as they had two spikes, about half as long as the actual blades, jutting out at the base of the red steel.
The smell of blood clung to him like some pungent aftershave, though I didn’t mind it one bit. The further in he stepped the more I realised my earlier disappointment might have been misplaced. He came to a slow stop when I was well within reach of his sword and looked around at the carnage surrounding us, that hateful look never leaving his eyes.
“Did you do this?” he asked in a deep, dead tone.
“I did. What of it?”
I narrowed my eyes slightly. It felt like this man was going to draw down on me at any given second, and, as sad as it sounds, I’m not immortal. I could easily be cut in two by a blade of that size, but I didn’t wait four thousand years to return to this world so I could be killed on just day two!
“It’s no ordinary feat to be able to kill thirty enemies by yourself.”
“My, you do know how to make a girl blush.”
“Unfortunately, they were mine to kill.” he growled with raw anger. “Well, I suppose you’ll put up more of a fight than they would have anyway!”
His movements were lightning fast and would have certainly spelt my doom, had I not already foreseen this. I twirled my staff around in my hand and slid it down behind my neck, supporting it with both hands against his single-handed strike. The sheer power behind the blow was immeasurable and I was forced into a crouched position at the moment of impact, but otherwise unharmed.
“Good.” the man mumbled as he looked down at me with a fierce light of enjoyment in his eyes. “Not many people can stop that first swing.”
I can see why! Even the magic I was using struggled to withstand it! Luckily my staff had its own protection spells in place and nothing short of, well, me, was going to break it. Still though, he had me pinned to the ground like this.
“Don’t you have any reservations about fighting a woman?” I groaned under the strain.
“Should I? You women are capable of the same strength and bloodlust as us men.”
Fair point, and I was the living proof. Fine then, I’ll just have to show this pathetic meathead just how strong I really – whoa, hey!
I should have realised he was only using about half his strength, so that when he added a second hand to the handle of his blade, I might’ve been able to avoid spinning through the air like a complete buffoon. He didn’t even pull his gigantic sword back for another swing, he just added to the force I was already under and swept me up into the air! Was this guy just a single mass of muscle?
After several quick flips through the sky, I managed to control my speed and come to a floating stop. I took the brief moment of separation to look down upon my opponent as he helplessly stared up.
“Hohoho! Fool!” I cried with absolute superiority. “Don’t you know the strength of a witch comes from being able to cast their spells from a safe distance?”
“A bitch? What’s that?” he wondered loudly. “Do you mean a sorcerer? Well I’ve killed a number of your kind in my lifetime. You hide behind that magic like it’s some kind of divine protection, but it always crumbles before my blades!”
“I’m no sorcerer! I’m a witch! The title that is synonymous with fear!” I cackled. “And I don’t care how many people like me you’ve killed, they were but mere infants compared to my power!”
“We’ll see about that.” the meathead mumbled as he plunged his sword into the ground and grabbed the spear instead.
He charged headlong at a nearby tree and leaped into the air. He sunk one of the bladed ends into the tree, spike and all, but his climb never slowed. He used his momentum to slingshot over his staff and reach an even greater height, which he then used to kick off the tree and launch himself in my direction! Honestly, it was incredible to watch.
“You’re mine now!” he roared through the air.
All I did was laugh. Without his heavy sword I would be able to easily parry any of his attacks. The trick here was knowing how to fight this type of weapon. It may seem like it has more attack opportunities than a single bladed sword, but that’s just an illusion. All it might do is come at you slightly faster from the opposite direction.
The moment he was within range he swung the bladed end in an arc. I intercepted his attack just as planned, but right when we connected, the steel pole split apart. My staff entered the gap and hit the chains holding the two pieces together, causing his freely swinging blade to curl inwards right at my head.
“Well played.” I cursed to myself.
I fell out of the sky, but descended gracefully, landing on my feet amongst the dozens of dead. I licked the small amount of blood that had fallen slowly down the side of my cheek and felt such a tremendous desire to kill, the likes of which I haven’t felt in a very long time. My opponent slammed back into the ground, right where he’d buried his large blade.
“A three-section staff huh?” I calmly observed. “I hadn’t been expecting that.”
“And I hadn’t been expecting you to land with your head still attached. I was right in thinking you were a worthy opponent.”
“I was thinking the same thing. You’ve rekindled something inside me, something I should never have forgotten.”
Yes, this is how battles should be fought. Doing whatever it takes to kill one another. Violence, deceit and struggle. Oh, it’s been such a long time!
“I was beginning to think that everyone here had the power of a slug.” I stated, mirroring my adversary’s crazed smile. “It’s time to show you the power of a real witch.”
“Struggle you little bug.” he provoked. “You’ll be nothing more than another stain on my blade by the time this is over.”
A little bug? I couldn’t help but laugh at the petty insult. Nobody ever dared insult me back before I was sentenced to life in prison. It’s almost refreshing in a way.
Now, how should I do this? I could boil his blood, lock his mind inside that body of his, conjure up a golem to crush him like the insect he is, the possibilities are endless. Oh! I know just what to do.
“Since you so badly wanted to kill these pitiful creatures, I’ll give you the opportunity.” I smirked, slapping the ground with the tip of my staff.
The wood tapping the earth sounded like a small bell chiming, resounding clearly throughout the area, reaching every last one of those dead guys. It was just a simple parlour trick, but I needed the distraction for my grand scheme. The corpses that lay strewn about began to tremble slightly. The sounds of their armour and weapons clanging together echoed out as the fallen creatures tried to regain the command they once held over their own bodies. Ever so slowly, they rose up, turning, staggering towards the brutish man.
One look around was all he needed, a frightening look of pleasure spreading across his face as his sectional staff was put to the test, mowing down the shambling dead within its exceptional range. My minions piled themselves in one after the other without question, without fear, which was for the best. The rate they were quickly being reduced to piles of delightful gore would’ve sewn cowardice into anything alive, forcing their delivery of death onto me, and who can be bothered with that?
This was my chance!
I floated up into the air, taking care not to be noticed by the madman below, silently gliding above him. I flipped myself upside down, my feet hooking my staff like a professionally trained acrobat, and just as the last reborn bandit lost its head, I popped right into his field of vision, my face only millimetres from his. This little act startled him to say the least, just the reaction I was hoping for. With his defences wide open, I planted my hands on both sides of his face and forced some of my energy into his head, severing certain receptors that connected his brain to the rest of his body. I only needed a second, which was lucky because his spear almost found a home inside my skull. I quickly shot back to my earlier position, eagre to see the results of my efforts.
The man staggered back and forth for a moment, one hand clutching at his head. Soon, he turned his raging eyes upon me, only to see me smiling sweetly back at him.
“Wh-what have you done to me?” he wondered, staggering slightly in an effort to regain his footing.
“Nothing much.” I mused. “You must be pretty proud of that strength of yours. All I did was help you increase its limits.”
He wore the look of someone who understood, but his actions showed something entirely different. He reconnected his staff and flung it at a tree, probably hoping to embed it there, but the tree was blown apart in a shower of splinters, the staff having pierced straight through to continue on, lost to the forest.
“I see now. You’ve cut off my pain receptors. That was a very big mistake.”
I snickered. This idiot didn’t have the slightest clue what awaited him these next few seconds.
The barbarian tried to pull out his large sword next, but couldn’t quite get a grip on the handle.
“Pain and touch are gone you idiot!” I cackled as I stood back and watched.
“We’ll see who’s the idiot soon.”
Finally he was able to pull the blade from the earth, but I noticed a red stream running the length of the handle. Ha! He’s gripped it too tight! His hands are probably broken! Now, I just need to wait a second until he starts to move and... there he goes!
“What?!” the brute cried, tumbling forward.
Oh my! That was just too good! I couldn’t stop the laughter from filling this clearing. He took that first step, seemed to do alright, then got overconfident. He tried running at me, not realising it’s incredibly difficult to so much as walk without any feeling in your legs. It’s like when your leg’s asleep, if you try stepping on it, your knee sometimes locks and buckles, then breaks and bends the wrong way! All you can do is hobble around like a clown until you regain the feeling again. Not this guy though. Nope, he just went straight at it like a bat out of hell. It looked delightfully painful too, the way his knees twisted and bent. He won’t be getting up for quite some time.
“What just happened?” he growled, looking around for some kind of trap.
“You fell over you dunce! It was pretty entertaining!” I mocked happily. “You put so much weight and strength into your legs they broke under the strain! You’re absolutely hopeless.”
He struggled to stand up, using his sword as a crutch, but immediately collapsed again after taking his first step. All he could do was sit there helplessly and hope that I might come and offer my neck to his steel. I thought I might humour him on that point, if only to completely crush this man’s incredible fighting spirit, so I approached without caution. Right on cue, the invalid struck out at me with his sword, but this time I easily repelled it. With a great crack louder than any thunder, I struck the giant steel sword with the edge of my staff and sent it spinning into a tree outside the clearing.
He looked shocked by my sudden strength, but in truth I had just reversed the momentum of his swing at the moment of impact. It merely appeared that I had overpowered this muscular man with my slender arms. Magic is bliss, no?
“You can keep fighting if you want.” I warned. “You still have two arms left.”
“Yes, I could use them to tear yours off.” he growled back at me. “But you no doubt have something else already prepared to take care of that.”
Well, I was going to do the same to his arms as I did his sword, just so I could hear that gloriously wet explosion as his armoured arms tore themselves from his body.
“Tell me your name boy.” I demanded.
“Boy? I think I’m much older than you are you little brat.”
“I doubt that, unless you’re five thousand years old.” He obviously didn’t take that statement seriously. “Now, your name!”
“Don’t have one, but everyone just calls me Rain.” he muttered without any particular emotion.
“Rain? That’s too peaceful for a brute like you.”
“It’s not like I chose it.” he spat. I must have hurt his feelings. “They call me that because they say it rains blood whenever I swing my weapons.”
“How dull. Why don’t you just change your name to ‘Bloody Death’ or ‘Killer Tornado” or something better like that?”
He looked at me as if I were the stupid one! Just for that...
“Hey! What are you doing?” Rain cried as I reached towards his head with both hands.
“I don’t like you Rain.” I said honestly. “You’re boring and weak. Believe it or not, I’ve just crawled my way out of hell from what has been six thousand years of torture, and I did it all myself! Now, being that old presents a bit of a problem. See, this land is quite foreign to me. I’ve managed to find out that the Coven still exists and where they’re located at, but I have no idea how to get there. I was supposed to get these guys to show me the way, but then you went and cut them to pieces, so now you owe me. You’re going to show me the way.”
As I’ve already stated, directions and I just don’t agree. The only reason I never get lost in the woods back home was because the trees had to keep telling me which way to go. Plus, a single girl in this big bad world is just a magnet for trouble! I really can’t be bothered dealing with every petty thug I come across.
“Owe you? Why the hell should I owe you anything?” He reared his head like any beast would. “And for that matter, why would I help you? I don’t even know or care who you are!”
“Oh? Did I forget to introduce myself?” I took in a deep breath and stood up tall. “I am Crimson Lily! Tremble with fear in my presence you lowly maggot! No doubt you’ve already heard of my terrifying exploits.”
Rain’s reaction was far less than I was hoping for. Does fear just not register with this man? He should be shaking in his boots right now! Wait a minute, can the unthinkable really have happened? Has the world, forgotten about me? Ugh, it’s enough to make me sick! No, but that’s impossible right? It’s only been seven thousand years! It’s far too early to have been forgotten!
I shuddered violently at the thought, pushing it to the back of my mind for now. I should probably focus on the task at hand.
“So what’s it going to be?” I asked impatiently. “You can either stay here and wait to recover, then spend the rest of your days without knowing pain, or I can fix you up and we can be on our way.”
Rain looked at me cautiously for a moment, probably deciding the pros and cons of his situation. Then again, he’s just one big muscle so he might not even be thinking at all.
“Think about it carefully. Without pain, you could be a near unstoppable force. However, you would also never know the ecstasy pain brings. You’ll get cut, won’t feel a thing and sooner or later you’ll forget what it means to fight with all your worth, all your skill. You’ll end up not even caring if you get hurt and become reckless. Eventually, your accumulated wounds might lead to some despicable weakling taking your head. I don’t know about you, but for me, the mere thought of that ending is repulsive.”
There was silence for a little while longer, but Rain finally opened his mouth again.
“Okay, I’ll take you where you need to go. Just fix my body already.”
“With pleasure.” I smiled.
I placed my hands to either side of his head and fixed his pain receptors. Rain screamed in agony as he sent a torrent of curses my way for not fixing his wounds first.
It was simply divine.
The Killer’s Code

“Aren’t you going to go back for the reward?” I wondered aloud as we walked across the open field.
“What reward?”
“You said those bandits were yours, so I assumed you were hired by someone to deal with them.”
“Oh, yeah, I was. Unfortunately, it wasn’t me that killed them so I can’t claim the reward in good conscious.”
Huh? A man who openly displays that kind of murderous intent feels funny about wrongfully taking the credit?
“So what? You did technically kill them, they were already dead is all.”
Rain gave me a funny look as if to say I wouldn’t understand his inexplicable moral code, which I didn’t.
“Why don’t you go claim the money?” he asked. “I’ll vouch for you.”
“Ha! I have no use for money!” I laughed, drawing another odd look.
“What? How will you buy food and shelter?”
Now it was my turn to give him a funny look. Heh, it feels pretty good to look down on someone for being stupid.
“I have magic you barbarian! Can you comprehend how easy it is to get by with it? As long as I can feed off of the energy the world has to offer, I have no need for food. Besides, hunting animals for such a thing is poor sport. It doesn’t entertain me at all. And as for shelter, the trees give me all I need to make a suitable hut. Oh, speaking of, I should probably head back ho-”
“Wait,” Rain began, absolutely dumbfounded, “then why do you kill if not for the money?”
“What, are you serious?” Is this a joke or something? His question actually made me sputter out a laugh. “I kill because I enjoy it! Some of my favourite sights in this world are seeing people like you, who have too much faith in their physical abilities, coloured red and wearing that delightful look of utter defeat as they slip on off to the next world. Ah yes, there really is nothing better than watching as hope abandons a person, when they’ve finally realised they don’t have a tomorrow.”
“I see.” mumbled Rain. “While I can appreciate your almost childishly innocent enthusiasm, I can’t say we share the same points of view.”
“What on earth are you going on about now?”
“From what I can tell, you take a lot of joy out of other people’s suffering.”
“Of course!” But, that’s just normal, right?
“I don’t understand that. People shouldn’t have to suffer in their last moments. It should be quick and painless. They shouldn’t even realise they’ve been killed.”
“But don’t you see? That’s where the fun is at! Inflicting so much pain on them that they could die at any moment, all the while trying to prevent that inevitable end. You’d be amazed at the life force of some people. It’s all so intriguing I just simply cannot help myself.”
I breathed deeply, the mere thought of it sending shivers of pleasure throughout my body. Rain just looked at me in disgust.
“You make me sick. I’ve never met anyone as foul as you, and I know of many twisted monsters.”
Wow! Don’t know what brought on those compliments, but thanks to them my cheeks flushed red and I couldn’t stop smiling like some goofy kid!
“Stop it!” I bashfully laughed, giving his arm a playful slap, the loud crack and beastly howl alerting everything within earshot about the dislocation. He grunted hard as another crack told us he’d fixed the injury.
“Look.” Rain started as he stopped walking, turning towards me with a scowl. “I’ll get you to where you need to go, but things are going to have to change. First off, you can’t be torturing people as you see fit, especially me. I just won’t stand for it.” Yeah, like I care. “And secondly, you can’t go around killing innocent, defenceless people like it doesn’t matter.”
Is this guy for real?
“You do realise that everyone is weak and defenceless compared to the great and mighty, Crimson Lily, right?” I stated powerfully, going through the motions. It’s one of the many curses of being so incredibly powerful and good looking. “Oh wait, do you mean villagers and the like?”
“I mean people who aren’t looking for a fight. People without weapons, without the means to defend themselves.”
“Oh yes, I see. No, I don’t kill those people. Why the hell would I attack those weaklings? If you think I would, then you’re quite the idiot.” Seriously. There’s just no fun to be had in murdering defenceless villagers. Those kinds of people have but one purpose. Plus, their souls are incredibly unsatisfying to consume. “They need only fear my name. Only the weak prey on the defenceless like that. Those weak morons believe themselves to be strong by cutting down some unarmed person. And that pathetic belief in that false strength of theirs is like a shortcut to the end of their lives, often by my hand.”
“Well, as long as we’re clear on the matter that no harm will be done to innocents.” he mumbled as we continued on walking.
“Then I take it you don’t kill unarmed people either.”
“No!” he retorted quickly, turning his head. “All I want is to fight. A gruelling struggle to the death as we stare each other down, all bloodied and out of breath, I live for that moment! The way their blood sprays when I cut an artery, the sounds of their bodies falling one after another, there’s nothing that compares to it on this planet. All I want is to fight stronger and stronger opponents, and eventually get killed by one of them.”
“That’s a strange thing to wish for.” I told him.
“Not when you’ve seen things that are far worse than death. I’m just glad I was born a man. It knocks one possible torture off right at birth!”
Heh, if he ever got close to those trees surrounding my home, they’d show him just how wrong he really is. But still, women were the targets of vile men back in my own time too. I guess some things never really change.
“Some say that living is always better,” Rain continued, “but I can tell you, sometimes death is the best option.”
“Living is better.” I commented. “This world is full of amusements, and that’s something everyone knows. What we don’t know is if there’s anything like this after we die, or even if there is an after. It would be stupid to leave all this behind on the off chance there might be something after life. That’s why I’ve defied death for eight thousand years.”
“Okay, I’ve got to ask. How old are you really? Just now you said eight, but earlier you said you were six thousand and you still don’t look a day over thirty.”
“I know, I’m forever cursed to remain as young and beautiful as a twenty-year-old.” I chuckled as I ran a hand through my luscious hair. “I suppose it won’t hurt to tell you. Nine thousand years ago I was sealed away and kept isolated in a different dimensional plane. I know, it’s pretty impressive that I’ve survived for so long right? I only managed to break out last night. Well, it was more like I was unwittingly set free by a couple of spuds.”
I looked for the confusion and disbelief in Rain’s eyes, but all they showed was a remarkable calmness, like he’d instantly accept my word as truth, which, if I’m being totally honest, was actually rather satisfying.
“Another world? So those things really do exist huh?”
Oh, now I see.
“This isn’t the first time you’ve heard of something like this, is it?” I asked, only slightly interested.
“No.” He took a deep breath at that point, which I think meant it was a pretty painful memory. Well, landmines were created to be stepped on! Wait, what’s a landmine?
“Who was it that got thrown into one? Your brother? Sister perhaps? Maybe your mother or father.” No reaction so far. Let’s broaden those search parameters shall we? “Teacher? Apprentice? None of those huh? Okay then, a friend?” Slight reaction there in his eyes, a small twinkling of longing. “Someone more than a friend it seems. Is it, a lover?” Bingo.
Rain sighed. It was obviously something he’d rather not talk about, so why did I keep pushing at it? Do you really need to ask?
“So tell me.” he asked. “Is it liveable in another dimension? I mean, you survived after however long it was, so other people could too, right?”
“Depends on who set it up. My world didn’t have a single life in it besides me. Whoever created it decides everything that happens in that world.”
“That can’t be true. What you just said means anything is possible in another dimension.”
“Anything is possible in this dimension. You see, that’s the problem with you simple minded cretins. Once you’ve gained enough knowledge about certain things you begin to realise the possibilities are endless. Unfortunately, someone was able to figure that out before I did and tricked me into being sealed away.”
“So either that person is quite strong, or you’re just stupid. Either way I’d still like to meet them.”
“Pah!” I spat. “A weakling like you wouldn’t last ten seconds against Brady!”
“Hey, I lasted longer than that against you! So you mustn’t be as strong as you claim.”
“What was that slug?” Maybe I should just execute him right here and now.
“That does it! Every word out of your mouth has been a condescending barrage of insults! We’ve only been travelling together for a couple of hours and I’m ready to cut you up with my blades again!”
“Just try it! If it’ll prove to you once and for all a struggling worm is no match against me.”
And then, the blade was drawn.
I wasted no time in showing him the natural order of things, concluding our little tiff in under five seconds.
Rain crumpled to the floor like he were made of paper and I stood over him just to further assert my dominance.
“What just happened?” he mumbled feebly.
“I showed you the true terror that is Crimson Lily!”
“No, I mean, I don’t even understand how I ended up on the ground!”
“Ah, that just goes to show how truly feeble you are.” I mocked. “Now, my subjugate, keep moving. I have a stop I want to make on the way.”
“Where?” Rain asked, still in a daze.
“My home. I’ve left something there over the past ten thousand years that’s quite useful. I need to make sure it’s still there.”
“Fine, whatever. Where is it?”
I uttered the name of the country my forest was located in, which only provoked some very confused looks. Yeah, I didn’t think that would help much.
“Look,” I began, “it should be close by. I mean, I could only be released at the same place I was sealed away, and I wasn’t that far from home when it all happened. Maybe two, three days walk? I don’t recall, it was some time ago after all.”
“How are we going to find it if even you don’t know where it is?”
“Well I lived in a forest. It should still be standing, even after all these years. It was protected by some pretty heavyweight magic from before even my time.”
“Still, how are we going to find it?”
“I don’t know. Do you know of any cursed forests around here?” Geez, do I have to do all the thinking?
“Curses and the like aren’t really my domain.”
“Not an actual curse you fool! A forest that’s rumoured to be cursed. Like people getting lost in there or just generally bad stuff that happens once you go in there.”
“Hmm.” he thought for quite some time, much to my agitation, before an idea seemed to pop into that thick skull. “Yeah, come to think of it, there was talk of a monster that lives in some forest, but it’s not exactly anything bad.”
“What? What does that mean?”
“Well, apparently there’s this little fiend that helps people who get lost in there. Quite a number of people apparently go there just to see who the friendly monster is.”
I have a feeling I know exactly who it is. And just what the hell has he been doing these past eleven thousand years? Not his job obviously.
“I have a feeling that’s the forest we’re looking for.” I hissed with biting fury. “Take me there now slave! Someone is in need of a lesson.”
There’s No Place Like Home

Would you just look at that! Those rotting wooden walls, a roof that could just collapse at any second and a door that doesn’t fit in its frame at all. I was home at long last.
Oh how I’ve missed this place. Just looking at it was enough to fill my heart with a sense of belonging. But unlike how the trees have been behaving, this was no time to be getting emotional.
“Maki! Maki, you get out here this instant!” I screeched through the open door of my still standing ruin of a home.
I could hear some cautious shuffling going on inside. He was in there.
“So, this is your home huh?” Rain asked as he looked around paradise. “Looks kind of run down. I guess that’s just what happens when you’re away for so long.”
“What’re you talking about? Everything is just how I left it.” I informed the tasteless man. “Doesn’t it just feel so, soothing?”
I turned my attention back to my house and opened my eyes wide with rage. There he was, that plump sack of cotton, poking out his round stitched eyes from down the hall. He cautiously tilted his head, floppy ears bouncing freely, before suddenly charging through the air with a cry of delighted surprise.
“Mistress!” cried the haphazardly stitched bunny tearfully as it darted through the air.
I intercepted the soft creature with a slap to the ground, where it hit with a powerful explosion, throwing dust and dirt all around us. He tried to climb out of the small crater, but his genuinely happy blubbering made it impossible for him to function properly. It was quite disgusting really.
“Stop that at once Maki!” I seethed, plunging my hard heel into his soft body.
“I can’t help it mistress! You came back after so long! I was beginning to fear the worst!” he continuously cried.
“I didn’t come back for you, so stop that at once or I’ll tear the stuffing out of you!”
“Isn’t that a bit cruel?” Rain wondered aloud. “It’s just excited to see you.”
“Who cares about that? Anyway, he’s not happy to see me, he just wants to be punished.” I told my uninformed companion as I turned my eyes down at the disgusting creature huffing and panting in ecstasy under my foot. “And I’m guessing that’s why he’s been acting out and helping those lost in this forest, right?”
Maki began to explain his actions, but I didn’t have the patience to listen, so instead I gave him a swift kick and watched as he bounced off the wall of the house and fell back to the ground. Rain merely watched on with disgust as Maki continued to cry out his joyful thanks.
“Maki!” I screeched again. “Quit dawdling and fetch me my hat and coat! I want to leave immediately!”
“Right away mistress!”
The grotesque squishball floated up and hovered back inside the house to look for the items I’d requested. While he was annoying, Maki was very reliable.
“Just what was that thing anyway?” Rain asked once Maki had disappeared.
“Who, Maki? He’s just my homunculus. He’s good for many things, especially when I’m working out my frustrations. His cheeks are really fun to squeeze and pull.”
“So, you made him the way he is?” he asked in disgust.
“What? Of course not! You think I would create that kind of disgusting personality? It’s no fun torturing a creature that wants to be tortured! That’s just simply how he is.”
I couldn’t help but sigh. Maki was very useful in some aspects, but that personality of his was enough to drive a pitchfork through anyone’s skull. Despite that though, he is a very loyal little creature who can handle most tasks without fail, so long as he always gets his punishment afterwards.
I motioned for Rain to follow me as I stepped inside my former home.
“Are you going to be long?” he asked, following me as far as the front porch.
“Why? You don’t look like the type who has somewhere to be.”
“I don’t. I’d just rather we get a move on so I can get back to travelling alone.” he muttered, looking away at our surroundings. “I’ll just wait out here if you’re going to be quick.”
“I don’t mind if you wait out here, I’m sure the trees will be happy to play with you.”
“Huh? What does that mean?”
Do I have to spell out every single word to this thick-skulled leader of the dumb patrol?
“If you think you’re safe just because you were born a man, just know that the trees have no preference. They enjoy men and women. But, like I said, it doesn’t bother me if you want to stay out here.”
Rain looked sharply at the trees in sight, which now had been enveloped by a sinister darkness. He didn’t so much as blink as he backed away into my humble abode, not daring enough to take his eyes off the new threat he now faced. I followed shortly after, stifling the giggle caused by his peculiar actions.
Ahh, now this certainly takes me back. It’s all just as I remember. It looks like Maki has gone to great pains to keep everything just as I’d left it. Unfortunately, I don’t have the time to be reminiscing right now.
I made my way straight into the main room which held most of my books and chemistry ingredients. I approached a shelf with many differently coloured vials, all of which I’d forgotten what it was they actually held. I guess I’ll just take them all. No doubt I’ll have plenty of opportunities to test them out. Next I headed over to my desk and picked up the thick diary full of my old notes. Various topics were covered within this book like certain methods of execution I was fond of and which chemicals have the most explosive effect. Oh! There was also a section on transmutation, particularly on how to change my hair into a mass of writhing serpents, which always provides a neat scare. Everything inside this leather-bound book was just brilliant!
I could see Rain kind of looking around, not really knowing what he should be doing.
“Quite standing around would you!” I told him angrily. “Grab that bag and help me pack!”
“Excuse me, I’m not just some lackey you can order around as you wish! If you want to pack a bag, do it yourself. Oh, and you better believe you’ll be the one carrying it.”
I grabbed the bag in a huff and turned my back on the foul tempered child. All I wanted was for him to hold it while I packed my things. It would have made things proceed much quicker. Besides, once I leave this house not even Maki is allowed to touch this bag, so why did Rain think he could?
I started sliding the slim vials into their holders on the inside of my bag, making sure they fit snugly in there without room to move. Then I picked out my favourite books, placing them neatly in there too. Finally, I grabbed a number of herbs, roots and just anything that could be used as an ingredient, and finished my packing.
I loved this bag. It never gets heavy no matter what you put in it. I don’t know why Rain was complaining about it before, I mean, it’s pretty basic stuff for any witch who travels a bit. Not only is it weightless though, it also becomes impenetrable when the latch is closed. Even if I die, nobody will ever be able to see what’s inside.
Rain was watching me curiously as I slipped the strap over my head and let the bag dangle by my side. Simple minded fool. I know he’s wondering how I could possibly carry all these heavy looking books around with me. I’ll just let him stew in his own ignorance and continue to let him believe I really am physically stronger than he is.
Now, there was just one more thing I needed to get before we took our leave. I walked over to the back wall where the chimney was. There was a shelf just above the actual fireplace, and right underneath that was where I pried open a long piece of wood where my most valuable treasure lay hidden. A small, round, shield-looking pendant attached to a long silver chain rested there in the gap, covered in just about every colourful gem you could think of, sparkling and glittering, as beautiful and magnanimous as my pride. I picked up the round object, which was just a fraction smaller than my palm, and carefully scrutinised every inch of it, just to make sure it hadn’t been damaged in any way.
“What is it?” Rain asked over my shoulder.
“A necklace. What does it look like?”
“Obviously, but what does it do?”
“Well, you put it around your neck like this and it sort of just sits there.” I told him as I demonstrated its purpose. He wasn’t amused. I sighed. “It’s my greatest accomplishment.”
“Which does what exactly?”
“How should I know?” I replied, dumbfounded at the ridiculous question. “All I know is, it’s an incredibly powerful talisman that I’ve spent my life working on.”
“Sounds like a waste to me.” Rain muttered but shut up the instant I threw him a cold look.
“I do know that it’s constantly pumping out some kind of high-level magic. Mostly I just use it as a sort of generator to empower my own magic, but that’s only using a fraction of its true power.”
“Isn’t that cheating a little though? Using an enchanted object instead of your own power?”
“Pah! You sound like those ignorant Coven imbeciles. They had a name for people who used enchanted items, False Prophets. The Coven called them that because they considered themselves to be god-like and only they should be able to use magic. But you’re a fool if you don’t use whatever’s at your disposal. If they’d picked up an enchanted item or two, they might’ve made things slightly more interesting, but no. They decided to decay in their stubbornness.”
“Yeah, that sounds like the Coven alright.” Rain agreed. “So were you kicked out for not following their rules? Is that why you have a bone to pick with them?”
“Don’t make me laugh! I’d never join their weak organisation. No, they had some gripes about me eating human souls or whatever, so they sent a number of assassins after me. When they realised I was far more powerful than any of them, they sent Brady. You know the rest.”
“I see.” Rain muttered as he looked out the window. “It’s going to get dark soon, should we stay here for the night?”
“What for?”
“Sleep?” he asked, raising an eyebrow like I was some kind of idiot.
I scoffed at him.
“I don’t need sleep. We will keep moving until we finally reach the Coven’s hideout and decimate it.”
“Well I need sleep.” he complained annoyingly. “So you can go on ahead, if you can, and I’ll just meet up with you tomorrow.”
Has he already figured out I have no sense of direction? No, that’s impossible. This guy’s too stupid for that level of thinking. But just in case I’d better play it cool.
“No, actually, I might stay too. I can prepare some potions and remedies for our journey.”
Yes, nice save.
“Whatever. We’ll leave when I wake up then.” Rain muttered as he moved over to the couch, which was several times too small for him, and lay down. It was at this point that Maki finally re-entered the room.
“I’ve brought your things mistress.” the disgusting blob huffed as he struggled under the weight of my coat and hat.
“You’re too late!” I screamed. “Put them back! We’re leaving in the morning now!”
Maki was certainly shocked at my sudden outburst, but slowly turned around all the same.
“Get out of here!” I shrieked, kicking him hard enough to send him flying into the next room where I heard something that sounded precious shatter.
I looked over at Rain who was already fast asleep. Pathetic! How could he be sleeping like that when revenge is within my grasp! Does he just have no concept of urgency? Well, at least I can use this downtime to prepare some more. Maybe I can test out what some of these vials do on an unsuspecting, sleeping patient. Yes, maybe that will soothe my tumultuous soul.
Sleeping Beauty

“Ugh, what time is it?”
“An hour past sundown.”
“Just a couple more hours.” I mumbled as someone started gently poking at my arm.
“You’ve been asleep for many years.” a voice informed me patiently. “We were instructed to awaken you when we had new information.”
Many years? I wonder how long it’s been exactly. Eh, doesn’t matter.
“Come back later. I’m too tired to do anything right now.”
I rolled over inside my glass coffin and showed my back to whoever it was speaking to me. Seriously, can’t a guy sleep for a couple of decades in peace?
It sounds like there’s more than one person here, judging by their infernally muttering voices. I don’t ask for much, just to be able to lie here in silence, so leave me alone already!
“Do you know of a woman called Lily?” the man finally asked again.
My eyes snapped open. Any feelings of drowsiness had been completely washed away.
It was about damn time!
“Right!” I started, suddenly sitting up in the darkness. “She’s back huh?”
“Yes. We had been monitoring a renegade group of sorcerers for a while now, right up until recently. Our familiars tracked them to a forest and observed them as they conducted some kind of ritual.”
“Which forest was it?” I asked, cutting into his boring lecture.
He told me the name, but it was completely unknown to me, as was the kingdom it was situated in. The only useful information I was able to pull from him was that it was about a week’s walk without any transport.
“Anyway, during their ritual the whole area was covered in a thick fog. It stayed like that for about ten minutes before it all vanished. Only one person was still standing when the fog had cleared, and she wasn’t with the renegades when they entered.”
“So? I fail to see the point of waking me up over something so trivial.” I yawned, getting ready to go back to sleep. They’re probably just pulling my leg, trying to get my help for something by telling me she’s back.
“Well, she screamed out her name before she took off into the forest.”
“I know, I know. Her name is Lily right? I bet there are tonnes of beautiful ladies named that.”
“Actually, she called herself ‘Crimson Lily’.”
Bam! It’s her alright. Nobody else would be able to scream out such an obnoxious name without a care in the world. But just to make sure...
“I take it she laughed then. What was it like? Loud, arrogant and unbearable?”
“Actually, yes.”
“And her hair, was it bright red?”
“Yes.”
“And finally, did she declare something ridiculous before she walked off?”
“Ah, yes she did. It was, uh – what was it again?” the speaker asked whoever else was in the room.
“She said she would ‘remind the world of the terror that is Crimson Lily’.” someone else finished.
Ha! Her idiocy hasn’t changed at all. I guess it’s one of her better points though, which really says a lot about her.
I sat there in the coffin and stretched my arms, feeling my tired bones cracking in several places. Although I would rather still be sleeping, it did feel good to be back.
I just knew she could do it. Surviving in that lonely dimension with barely anything to feed off of. I bet she’s pissed. Man, I can’t wait to see what she’ll do next. She’s always so entertaining when she’s mad.
“So what’s she up to now?” I asked my faithful entourage.
“Well, we don’t know.”
Now that’s just typical of low-rate sorcerers, which just so happens to be the type the Coven just loves to employ.
“We tracked her through the forest where she killed a group of thirty bandits by herself, then fought and defeated one of the land’s strongest mercenaries. At that point we overheard her saying she needed to find where the Coven was located, then the two of them walked off in the wrong direction. We lost them after that when they entered a different forest about eight days from here.”
Ah, she’s probably gone home then. It’s not surprising they lost her there. Nobody has ever been able to locate where she lives, not even me. I knew people who were sent into those woods, but the ones that came out alive weren’t even able to speak coherently anymore.
Her going home suits me just fine. I hope she comes fully equipped for when we cross paths again, unlike last time.
“We’re afraid that once she’s finished there, she’ll assault our headquarters.” the speaker continued. “We want you to make sure she doesn’t do anything to disrupt our operations.”
“Come again for tired Brady?”
“After reading, and seeing for ourselves, just how powerful a person she is, if Crimson Lily ever makes it this far, there’s no telling what kind of hell she’ll unleash.”
I don’t really like this guy’s tone.
“So what you’re telling me is,” I began slowly, “you’re afraid of her? Preposterous!”
“No. We would be enough to handle her.” I seriously doubt that. I’m not sensing anything impressive coming from these guys. “We don’t really have the man-power to spare in dealing with her right now. That’s why I’m ordering you.”
“Once more, come again for angry Brady?”
“I’m ordering you, as the current head of the Coven, to make sure Crimson Lily doesn’t destroy this place.”
Oh look at that, he’s ordering me. I’ve never really liked working for the Coven, and I was beginning to remember why thanks to this guy.
“Hey, let me ask you something. Do you know who I am?” I asked with only a slight amount of arrogance.
“Your name is Brady. Brady the Saint, I believe.”
I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Do you know how I got that name? It’s ridiculously dull and stupid. Actually, you remind me a lot of person that gave it to me.” They both had that terribly condescending way of speaking which just ticks me off. “I was given that name because I took care of the greatest evils that threatened the Coven.”
“Yes, it is a very honourable name that few have come to possess.”
“Oh please!” I spat. “They only gave me that name to cover up the fact I was so savage!”
At that point I got out of the glass box and took a couple of paces around the room.
“You know, I could have killed Lily, easily I might add. But without her, this world just wouldn’t be any fun! That’s why all I did was seal her away.”
“So? Now I’m ordering you to kill her. You must eliminate the threat to our organisation.”
“I’ve never really cared for the Coven to be honest.” It was true. Our ideals didn’t exactly match up. “I only joined for a couple of reasons. The first, and most important, being for my name to be remembered throughout the ages!” I laughed. “And the other was because I’d get to face off against Lily whenever I pleased.”
“You’re despicable.” one of them said in disgust.
“Ha! I’m despicable? You’re the ones who are too weak to defend themselves from an enemy attack! I can see why Lily always hated weaklings now.”
You know what? I’m done with this pretentious group of sorcerers. They hated me back in my day, made me feel like a total outcast, all because I was a little too ‘wild’ and ‘uncontrollable’ for their tastes. It’s about time I made my own way in the world. But to do that, I’m going to need to regain some power. Heh, never thought I’d be taking a page out of her book.
“You want to know the only way to stop her from destroying this place?” I asked, enticing their anticipation. “The only way, is for me to destroy it first.”
I didn’t give them the chance to cry out. The head sorcerer hit the floor like a sack of potatoes and didn’t move again. How did this guy ever become the head? That spot is reserved for the most powerful sorcerer in the Coven, aside from the Saint obviously! It can’t possibly mean the rest are weaker than this right?
I have to say, harvesting a soul is a pretty unique experience. It’s such a rush! You get hit with this huge surge of power that makes your heart start racing. Is this how Lily feels all the time? A guy could definitely get addicted to this. Well, I’ve already started so why stop now? Might as well crush the entire Coven while I’m at it. I bet that’ll enrage Lily even further, knowing that I beat her to the punchline. Heh, I can’t wait to see her face!
Now then, I suppose it’s time for me to make my mark on the world once again!
Touched By A God

“Ugh, I still don’t feel so great.” Rain muttered as we drew closer to the city before us.
Gah! I’m so sick of this! So many complaints! And he somehow manages to fit them in-between vomiting sessions! He’s been saying the same thing for over a week now, ever since he decided to down the entire contents of that vial I gave him back home. I still have no idea what was actually in it, but the results seem very promising indeed. Too bad it didn’t clip his vocal chords though.
Our journey over this week has brought us so close to the Coven I can almost reach out and grab it. Right now we were within eyeshot of a small city called Celeste, the city that housed the Coven. The first time I heard the city’s name, I nearly vomited up my insides! No doubt it was derived from the word celestial. Very typical of the Coven to think of themselves so highly. Tch, we’ll just see how high and mighty they feel when their building is but pebbles littering the side of the road.
“I’ve been meaning to ask,” Rain started amidst a fit of coughing, “what are you going to do after you’ve destroyed the Coven?”
“Beats me. Maybe I’ll just go back home and resume where I left off.”
Yeah, I’ve always just followed my impulses. It’s always been far more amusing than making any long-term plans.
“Is that so? Well, after all I’ve done to help you out, how’s ab-”
“After all you’ve done?” I sneered. “Little fool, you lost your freedom when you fell before my might. Now you’re nothing more than a slave to do with as I please. It is only by my good grace that you’re still alive, you shouldn’t ask for more than that. Just be grateful, okay?”
“What insolence!” Maki exploded from the top of my wide-brimmed hat, where he’s been sitting these past couple of hours. “So ungrateful after all my mistress has done!”
“Yes, well said Maki.” I nodded, grabbing him around the throat and pulling him off my hat. I squeezed both his cheeks, pulling them as far as they could go. Maki cried out in bliss.
“Fine, forget it.” He coughed again, beads of sweat making his forehead all slimy. “I was just going to ask if you would accompany me on my search. Your knowledge on different dimensions could prove useful.”
It took me less than a second to respond to his offer.
“I can’t be bothered to be honest. It sounds incredibly boring. I mean, to help someone? In their quest to reunite with their loved one no less! What the hell is that all about?”
“Yeah, that’s pretty much the answer I was expecting. Well, if you could just tell me what you know, it might be enough to finally find that demon.”
“Oh, not you too?” All this talk about demons was starting to do my head in. “I was hoping maybe you were a cut above the rest in that regard, given how violent and murderous you are. And here I thought my opinion of you couldn’t possibly get any lower. Your fever must be affecting your brain now.”
“Don’t tell me you don’t believe in demons. Though I suppose they’re technically called Fallen Gods.” Rain flat out responded. “What about the High Gods? You have to at least believe in them!”
“Now you’re just trying to piss me off!”
“How can you not believe in them! You really must be from a different time after all.”
“What does that have to do with any of it?” I asked impatiently. Why are the people of the world so foolish about things like religion?
“Well, about two hundred years ago? I’m not really sure myself, but some time ago the demons rose from the underworld and began a savage conquest across the land. It was quite terrible, but not as terrible as when the High Gods descended from the skies.”
Despite the topic being of such lunacy even children would laugh at, I was finding it difficult to not at least be a little interested in his little fairy tale.
“So? What happened?”
“They fought like crazy, like beings from another world should. I’m actually a little disappointed I missed it.” My sentiments exactly, well, if this story was true that is. “Anyway, they rampaged across the entire world, destroying bits and pieces of it in their furious battles. Apparently the world looked very different before they appeared. Maybe that’s why you’ve been having such a hard time getting about.”
“Hmm, yeah. That’s why.” I mumbled before quickly changing the topic back. “Wait, wait, wait. So why is it that you believe in a story from well before your time?”
“Because I’ve met one of the High Gods.”
Oh great. He’s one of those religious nuts who think the gods speak to him.
“Okay, listen to me very carefully.” I said slowly in the most delicate way I could. “Do you see your god now? Is he standing right here next to me?”
“They’re not apparitions you moron. They’re made of flesh and blood, just like us. They’re just powerful beyond the capabilities of mankind.”
Powerful huh?
“In what way are they powerful?”
“Well it takes a lot more to kill them than just a simple stabbing. You’ve got to completely erase their physical presence. If even the smallest amount of ash remains, they’ll survive, you can bet on that. And their fighting strength is something else as well. At least judging by the way the planet has been reshaped.”
It’s really too bad. These gods sound like my kind of people. Unfortunately, I can’t just take the glorified words of some fanatic and believe they truly exist.
“What do you make of this god nonsense Maki?” I asked, twisting the disgusting creature’s cheeks up so I could see his face.
“I believe it.”
“What was that?” I hissed, applying more pressure to the traitor’s cheeks.
“Ahh!” he moaned. “I saw it happen mistress! Yes! From the forest! Bright lights fell from the sky a long time ago.”
“What happened next?”
“I don’t know, I never left the forest.”
“Oh that’s right. Instead of being useful you decided to stay there and disobey me by helping those lost souls escape the forest!”
The volume of my voice hit its shrieking peak as I gripped the sloppily created bunny’s head and threw it with all my might into the distance, towards the city we were headed. “Mistress” was all he cried as his voice gradually faded and disappeared, along with my sight of him. Rain and I just continued walking as if nothing had happened.
“So you said you met a god?”
“Yes. I’ve met two actually. The first one being the Fallen God of Murder and Hatred, the one that threw her into a dimensional rift. The second one being the god that I worship, the High God of Death and Violence, Nex, who made me his disciple.”
“His disciple? Don’t tell me you go around spouting your nonsense to anyone who’ll hear it? I wouldn’t want to be seen with a person like that.”
“You know, I don’t have to tell you this. It’s not like I’ll lose any sleep over it.”
“No, no. Please continue.” I said, trying my best to stifle the escaping laugh.
“Fine. First off, I don’t wander around with my head up in the clouds, trying to get anyone who’ll listen to me to join my religion. A disciple is given the means to carry out the duties of a god. The charges of Nex are violence and death. All I have to do is kill and my duties are fulfilled.”
“So what do you stand to gain from becoming a disciple? Can’t imagine that’s all there is to it, otherwise everyone who fights a war would be one.”
“I’m granted the power I need to perform my duties. I can invoke Nex’s power into my being for a short amount of time when I go into battle.”
“He doesn’t seem all that powerful. I managed to beat you with only a fraction of my might!”
That felt good, to assert my superiority over the gods he so badly wanted to believe in.
“Don’t get conceited. I don’t invoke Nex’s power for mere riffraff. I only ever use my own power when I fight people.”
“I’m sorry, but I think I just misheard you.” In actuality, I had heard, very clearly, I just couldn’t believe he had the guts to say it! “Could you please repeat that once more for me?”
“I’m sure you heard me. If I’d taken on the power of the gods, you wouldn’t be alive right now.”
“I very much doubt that.” I spat. “Besides, you were in the palm of my hand when we first met. I could have killed you at any time I wanted. Why wouldn’t you use that power to save yourself in that situation?”
“I already told you how I want to die, beaten by someone stronger than I am. It seemed like the perfect opportunity too.” As he spoke he wore an expression of disappointment and longing, looking off into the distance at the city Celeste.
“Why are you so keen on dying? I thought you wanted to save your beloved?” I’ve actually been wondering this for a while now.
“Because if I die while performing my duties, I will become a Martyr. Once that happens, I will become a god-like being myself, ready to take over from Nex should he will it, and then nothing will stop me from saving her.”
“Your dedication is impressive, I’ll commend you on that part, but allow me to give you some professional advice. Death is the end. You won’t get to come back from that, you won’t become all-powerful and you certainly won’t get to save the girl. Besides, if I killed you, your soul would only serve to feed my power.”
“You don’t seriously do that, do you?” he asked, his eyes opening wide with concern. “Consume the souls of others?”
“Of course I do!” I licked my lips. “I grow stronger after devouring the other insects. Their souls are just... There’s really no way to describe the sensation of that explosion of energy coursing through my veins.”
Rain looked at me with disapproving eyes. What now? What have I done to fire up this oddball’s self-righteous code?
“Hmm. Anima isn’t going to like that.” I threw him a clueless look. “That’s the High Goddess of the Soul and Reincarnation.”
“So? What do I care if some make-believe god is frowning upon me? I’ve survived this long without any divine intervention, and I certainly don’t need any now.”
“It doesn’t really matter. You won’t survive much longer once Anima or her disciple hear about this. Though her disciple is a little unhinged.”
“Even though I know it’s just your sickness warping your mental processing, it still breaks my heart just to hear how little faith you have in my abilities.”
Even after everything, could he still not recognise my power? No, wait. I’ve heard about this kind of thing before. This poor, poor man. It’s some kind of phenomenon where people are just unable to accept the reality of a situation, even if it smacks them right in the face, literally. It happens a lot when people are so afraid of something they’ll do just about anything to not recognise the facts stated before them. Obviously this meant he was scared to death of me.
“You know what?” I hummed, an enticing idea suddenly popping into my head. “I wouldn’t mind fighting a god. They might even be slightly more entertaining than you pitiful lot of humans.”
“Whatever. Just so you know, I’m probably the youngest out of all of us, and the weakest. The others would squash you like a bug.”
Well, at least it sounds promising. It almost makes me wish they were real. Ah well, I’ll just have to endure this existence by bathing in the blood of humanity instead. Such is life.
During that strange conversation, we’d made significant progress towards Celeste. We could probably make it through those large gates within the next couple of hours, and then the Coven would be mine! I know I shouldn’t get my hopes up over those wannabe magicians, but I just couldn’t help it. Besides, the city itself will be screaming in terror once I cripple their beloved organisation. Oh yes, it is going to be wonderful! Wonderful!
As we steadily approached, my repulsive familiar suddenly came bouncing back into view. As he flew in arcs through the air, I caught his annoying voice calling out to me.
“Mistress!” he cried in a complete panic. “Mistress! It’s terrible!”
Maki tried to dive into me, to comfort himself, but I slapped him to the ground again. The foolish creature just doesn’t learn does he? He groaned for a bit, but after I stepped hard on his back he began to speak up.
“Mistress! The Coven!”
“Spit it out Maki, I don’t have the patience to deal with you right now. My eyes are set on destroying them for good.”
“That’s what I’m trying to say! They’ve already been destroyed!”
“What?!” I shrieked, driving my heel further into his body. If this was some kind of joke, he was going to pay dearly!
“You threw me so far I landed inside the city walls. I saw it with my own eyes! Half of that huge building! It’s just a pile of rubble now!”
“What the hell happened?”
“You won’t believe it! Who it was that destroyed them!”
That’s all I needed to hear before I knew. Oh, I know all too well who’s responsible. Perhaps now things will get a little more interesting.
I uttered the name of the man responsible, trying very hard to bite back the raw anger and fury his name accompanied within my heart.
“Brady.”
The Queue From Hell

We’ve been standing in this line for over two hours now. You’d think after twelve thousand years of waiting around I would have unparalleled patience, which I do, it’s just zero. I have zero patience for waiting in lines, not when I can easily fly to the front. So why am I stuck in this line? Well that’s because Rain decided to take a nap he couldn’t recover from. Up and collapsed on me right as we lined up, and it would just be too tiresome to carry him through the air as he is. How long will that drug I gave him last? I cannot say for certain, but I’m very proud of my handiwork all the same. Still though, just how much longer is this giant human going to be a burden to me? I can’t very well be dragging him all over the place. I did have the inclination to just leave him behind, but unfortunately I still need him to find the building that once housed the Coven.
We shuffled forward about half a metre. By the stars this is painful! By the time we actually get in there it’ll be sundown, an event I don’t actually have much of a problem with. It’s just, sundown is still several hours away, and I don’t want to be under that blasted fireball for that long. It’s times like these that I’m glad I have a homunculus.
“Maki, come here.” I said to the little creature as he sat on Rain’s back, who was lying face-down in the mud.
Maki was all too happy to be summoned and bounded into the air with a gleeful cry. I snatched his body in one hand, crushed his head with the other, then stretched him out until he was nothing more than a large, thin rod with his stupid face frozen in joy at the top. Still gripping the base of the rod, I pinched the area just above my hand and pushed up, turning Maki into a sort of funny looking umbrella. His ears flapped freely in the wind on top, while I pointed his face towards Celeste and quickly hid myself in the shade he provided. Much better!
The people behind me were muttering in wonder, but I ignored them with a satisfied smile. I knelt down and grabbed the armoured corpse’s ankle again as we shuffled forward some more. Yes, this is much easier than flying with him. All I had to do now was slide him through the mud until we got to the entrance. I suppose regular people would start getting worried about now if they were in my position; he hasn’t moved since we got in this cursed line. I wonder if he’s still alive? Well, doesn’t really matter. If that happens I’ll just have to ditch him. Oh! Then I could just fly over the walls as planned! Let’s hope he kicks the bucket soon.
Suddenly the line moved a fair bit forward, but just as I thought things were speeding up again, we came to a dead halt. I looked over to Celeste with bored eyes. The walls surrounding the city were simply enormous, hiding everything within from sight. Why they needed to be that large was beyond me. The only use they served was to stop ground forces from storming the place, but any competent sorcerer could easily scale those walls. Then again, none of the sorcerers I’ve met are even close to being called competent. They’d never be able to climb those walls no matter how hard they tried.
“Mistress?” Maki asked in a whisper. “Have you noticed what’s on those walls?”
“Of course I have!” I declared, tightening my grip on the handle.
I quickly scanned the walls to find out what Maki was talking about. I could see it now, the thick flames running up and down the entire height of the walls. The sun’s light had made it nearly impossible to see the flickering orange flames, but once you saw it, you saw it.
“Why does it say ‘Brady’s’?” I wondered aloud.
“Haven’t you heard?” the woman in front of me asked, spinning around in a festive manner. “Brady is the saviour of Celeste! He expelled the tyrannical Coven and gave the people a peace they’ve never had before!”
“Yes, I’ve heard that.” I replied sharply. “But why’s his name on the wall?”
“Oh, well in honour of his heroism, the people of Celeste decided to rename the city. Now it’s called Brady’s.”
I see. So he wrote his name on the wall like some child who writes his name on the tag of his shirt? That’s very much like him.
“Everyone has come from far and wide to see the man who single-handedly toppled the Coven.” the woman continued. “I’ve even come from my farm from over the other side of those mountains!”
I looked over with bored eyes to where she pointed and saw several large, jagged peaks. Must’ve been quite a journey. Are all these people the same? Have they all come to see that smart-ass Brady just because he destroyed the Coven?
“My name’s Ellen by the way.” she told me, sticking out her hand. “My farm produces mostly organic vegetables, but we also have some livestock we raise.”
“Yeah, I didn’t ask for your life story.” I told her bluntly, ignoring the handshake. She laughed, thinking I was joking, and continued to babble on incessantly about her daily chores and other tedious topics. “Argh! Enough woman!” I yelled after quickly hitting my tolerance point.
This sadistic line has finally pushed me to breaking point. I was fed up with it all. I thought I could stay calm and enter the city undetected, but there’s no hope of that now! It’s time to pour fear into the hearts of these innocent travellers, and once they start fleeing, I’ll be able to move up a couple of spots no problem.
I dropped Rain’s armoured leg and drew my staff from its holder down my back.
“Beg for forgiveness all you want you miserable wretches, because you sure as hell won’t be receiving any!” I suddenly screamed before firing a torrent of fire from my mouth above the heads of the unsuspecting pilgrims. Now just wait for the panic to set in.
“Oh wow!”
“That’s incredible! Are you a performer?”
“Now make some snow fall!”
These were just some of the many, many wondrous reactions from both behind and in front. People were cheering and applauding like it was the most amazing thing they’d ever seen! Their joyful cries and screaming weren’t the type I ever wanted to hear however, and they certainly didn’t flatter me, much.
Stunned wasn’t even close to how I reacted, it was more like my pure rage had frozen my body over. My mouth flapped open and close like one of those stupid looking fish as I tried to find the right words in order to properly convey my innermost feelings.
“That was amazing!” Ellen cried as she flung her arms around my neck in some kind of grotesque grapple. “I don’t get to see many performers out where I live. Yeah, the farm’s a great place to live and all, but there’s really not much out there.”
“Yeah, I don’t care.” I hissed as I tried to remove the monkey clinging to my neck.
Obviously, these people were insane. I mean, who has ever liked having a searing blaze licking the back of their heads? I can even smell some burnt hair and not one of them seemed to care at all. Look at that! Some of them have even started dancing! Obviously, these people are insane.
“What now mistress?” Maki wept, probably feeling as dejected as I was.
“I wonder.” I mumbled, thinking for a moment. Then it suddenly came to me. “Maki! You’re up! Don’t disappoint me!”
I tossed my shoddy umbrella into the air and watched the horrific transformation take place. First his disgustingly huge legs popped out of the thin rod and slammed into the ground, shaking the earth violently. I floated into the sky at that point to monitor the terrified people, leaving Rain behind to his own unconscious devices. Maki continued to transform as arms as big as his legs appeared, then a gigantic body and finally a monstrous head with large jagged teeth that seriously needed some orthodontic work. Even though Maki only had stitched buttons for eyes, they were definitely not a pair possessed by any sane being, they were more on the side of a rabid dog’s.
This should do it, I thought while watching Maki bound back and forth like some feral beast, cleaving out huge chunks of dirt with his sharp, lengthy claws. His snarling has become a lot better, I’ll give him that. He must have been practising in my absence. Good to know he wasn’t completely useless during all that time.
Maki changed his course and headed straight towards the line. Some of the pilgrims began to panic at the lumbering beast’s approach, but the moment Maki leaped over them, they all cheered in delight. Maki attempted it again and again, but they all remained without terror.
I pressed my teeth hard together while I conjured up some dark clouds in the sky.
“Maki you good for nothing! It’s just one continuous failure after another!” I screamed at my pathetic servant.
I clicked my fingers in his direction, the deafening sound exploding like thunder, and a powerful lightning bolt descended upon my worthless creation. Maki was blown away instantly, rolling to a twitching stop, and couldn’t get up again. I hope that smouldering pile of garbage has learnt his lesson.
The crowd cheered once more, striking another blow to my ego. I’ve had enough. Maybe this is some kind of cosmic wrath for trying to disturb the natural order that is the sacred queue. I floated back down to the ground and with a heavy heart made my way back to where Rain was still lying motionless. Then the unthinkable happened.
“What are you doing?” some barbaric man asked angrily, refusing me to re-enter the line.
“I was standing here just a moment ago.” I told him with the coldest eyes I could summon.
“There’s no cuts! Once you leave the line – you’re out!”
“Excuse me? Who do you think you’re talking to?”
This man was awakening some kind of raw anger I never knew existed.
“How the hell should I know? Some entertainer that thinks they can do whatever they please?”
Well, he got that last part right. It’s not that I think I can do whatever I want, it’s more like, it’s my birthright.
“Hey, what’s going on?” some equally moronic individual joined in.
“This broad’s trying to cut in line!”
“What? Why?”
“I don’t know! Why do any line-cutters try to do anything?”
“What’s going on up there?” a third uninvited guest started.
This was really getting out of hand. Just a moment ago they were all cheering for me and now I was being treated like some despicable thief! I take great issue with that! I’ve never stolen anything! Well, taking the belongings of a corpse doesn’t count right? Thought not.
“Silence fools!” I cried, my voice distorting into something demonic and sinister. “I will be taking my rightful place in this line! I will turn a deaf ear towards your earlier remarks, so be grateful it stops there!”
There was some more annoyed muttering as I pushed aside the man barring my path and picked up Rain’s leg again.
“Boo!” someone yelled from behind, right before I was hit with some kind of raw meat.
“Who threw that?!” I screamed, turning around. “I’ll feed you your insides!”
Suddenly everyone started booing me, and honestly, it didn’t feel great. All I wanted was to be feared! Not hated!
That does it! I’ve had enough of these petty worms getting all confident because they’re just no fun to kill! I’m going to do something about this line they all seem to be weirdly worshipping.
I stuck my staff into the ground and held my hand out with the palm up. I started to slowly swirl my fingers through the air, gradually picking up speed, and before long a visible whirlwind had formed.
“You’d better start running!” I shrieked, casting the whirlwind in the direction of Celeste, or Brady’s, or whatever it’s called now.
The whirlwind continued to pick up speed and grew ever larger. The wind was roaring in my ears which sadly made the screams of the frightened fools inaudible. It wasn’t long before a fully grown tornado was whirring in front of me, with everyone in its path scattering like ants.
“Bwahaha!” I laughed as I marvelled at my own work.
“Ergh, what’s going on?” Rain suddenly stirred, asking his question in a daze.
“Oh, nothing much. Some people pissed me off and made me want to leave the line. So now we’re going for a little ride.” I told him as he tried to roll over.
I laughed again as I yanked on Rain’s leg and hurled him into the tremendous pull of the tornado. His furious roar gradually disappeared as the wind carried him round and round.
“So long chumps! Enjoy the wait!” I laughed, turning away from the stunned onlookers behind.
I let the tornado suck me up and quickly gravitated to the centre of the swirling mass of air. I looked down at the frightened beings that still stood in my path and let out one last cackle. I sat back, put my foot down and drove my tornado right down the middle of that miserable line, watching all those people scramble away before me like bugs.
I should have done this from the very beginning. Ah well, there’s no point in “should’ves”. Those kinds of thoughts have the power to drive a person insane.
It won’t be long now Brady. Once I find you, I’ll, I’ll... Huh, this has never happened before! There’s just so much I want to do to him that I simply can’t make up my mind! Well whatever, just know that it will be beyond the simple meaning of horrible!
I slid my tongue across my lips and set my eyes on the city before me. Oh this is going to be good!
Welcome To Brady’s

“Lily! Let me down!”
Rain’s tiresome screaming hasn’t stopped since he regained consciousness. Can’t he just enjoy the ride? It’s almost like a carousel, the way it goes round and round at a skin shredding velocity. I wouldn’t mind having a go on it actually, but someone has to control this tornado. Even so, this was still quite fun.
The line before us was breaking apart in all directions. The people we passed clambered back desperately in a bid to regain their former positions like their lives depended on it. It was highly entertaining, almost like watching some sort of primitive competition, what with how they were shoving each other out of the way like that. That should teach them to kick me out of the line!
Now then, we’re almost at the massive front gates but those closest to the front are a stubborn bunch. They could see and hear the devastating winds rotating behind them and have still refused to move! No doubt it’s because they’re unwilling to relinquish their position after having waited so long. Too bad for them though, I had no problem forcing them out of my way.
“Lily!” Rain cried furiously once more.
“Yes, yes. I hear you.” I mumbled as I waited for him to do one last revolution. “I’ll let you go now! Take care!”
I faced directly towards the city, and just before Rain’s body came in line with my shoulders, I released him from the pull of the wind. He roared out something profane as he ascended in an arc, his body spinning as he barely cleared the battlements of the walls and disappeared over the other side. Ahh, it felt good to be rid of that rubbish, like a giant weight had been lifted from my shoulders.
My tornado’s path continued to tear through the line without a sign of slowing down. I could hear some bells ringing and some people shouting where the gate stood. It didn’t sound like they were panicking, sadly enough, more like they were preparing, getting ready for some kind of calamity. I don’t know how they could possibly prepare themselves against a tornado charging up to their front door, but whatever. I guess the main thing is they’re trying.
I think this is far enough. It would only take under a minute to arrive at the gate and almost everyone who stood in my way had already fled. Time to make my descent.
The swirling winds piled on top of each other and collapsed downward, expanding outwards as I slowly dropped to the ground. Once my feet touched the earth a tremendous gust blasted out in all directions, forcing any guards or queuers gutsy enough to remain to grab on to anything they could lest they be blown far away. My crow-feather coat fluttered briefly just above the soil and grass as I stepped up towards the gate, moving up several spaces in the line.
The guards were stunned by my sudden appearance, but they didn’t have the luxury to sit around all day gawking at the wondrous beauty approaching them. Not long after their professionalism promptly returned, I found myself at the front of the line. I tried to walk through the gate, following directly behind the person in front of me, but two spears quickly blocked my way.
“Papers please.” said the guard after I’d looked around cluelessly for a moment.
“Excuse me?”
“Your travel permits? Passport? Anything of that nature? Something that will tell me who you are and why you’re here.”
“Why would I need those? I don’t even know what they are! Besides, everyone should already know my name.”
“Well I don’t, and I need those official documents to permit you to enter this city. Although you do look kind of familiar, I simply can’t let you in.”
“Look, my name is Cri- Lily, just Lily.” Probably better to keep my visit here as lowkey as possible. “So now you know who I really am, you can let me pass.”
“I’m afraid I’ll still need to see some identification.”
“What? Why?”
“So we know who you really are.” the guard told me in a frustrated tone.
“I just told you who I was!”
The man in his pathetic uniform sighed as he lightly rubbed the bridge of his nose with two fingers. Thank you, for portraying almost exactly how I feel. A perfect portrayal however, would end with all these guards and innocents lying motionless in a sea of red.
Our back and forth was time consuming to say the least. We must have been going at it for at least five minutes already! I still didn’t understand why I wasn’t being allowed passage and this buffoon certainly wasn’t helping in any way at all. What the hell is a “passport” anyway? I never remember having to go through all this trouble just to enter a damn city!
“Hey! Would you hurry up already? I’ve got produce I need to sell today!” the man behind me angrily stated.
I turned my head around and tilted it back slightly, offering the fiercest, wide-eyed glare I could muster up.
“Quiet.” I spoke softly but with explosive hostility.
It only took a second to petrify the brutish man, and the one standing behind him, and also the woman just behind that one. I turned my rage-filled eyes back to the man barring my path, making him flinch a little in fear. Ah that sweet, sweet emotion. I couldn’t help but lick my lips a little.
“This has grown tiresome.” I sighed. “I simply have no idea what you’re talking about. Let’s speed this along shall we? Now then, stare into my eyes.”
I locked my gaze with the guard’s and held it strong until his facial muscles seemed to relax. The man’s eyes glazed over somewhat as he bore the expression of a true moron.
“Let me through.” I whispered softly.
“Very well. Enjoy your stay.” the guard replied in a low, emotionless voice.
I took a step before suddenly turning back to the guard.
“Those are the droids you are looking for.” I told him, pointing back towards the queuers behind me. That should teach them to get impatient with me! But wait, what’s a droid? Why does this keep happening?
I turned back to the gate as the guards made to apprehend the simpletons behind me, and just like that I was on my way. I wouldn’t have minded painting the whole place with their blood and entering that way, but I kind of wanted to sneak up on Brady and claw out his throat before he realised I was even in the city.
I wandered through the streets looking for any sign of where Rain had landed. No doubt a body that size would have crumbled any of these small houses, so he shouldn’t be that hard to find. As I passed the hundreds of people crowding the streets, I noticed I was drawing quite a bit of attention. People were pointing and glancing over, probably at the fact that my hair was a different colour to the rest of theirs. Yes, I am quite the rare beauty that one would struggle to find in even the most exotic of places, but enough about that for now. I just ignored them with a wide, satisfied grin and continued my search.
I must have been searching for about half an hour and I still haven’t come up with anything. Just where the hell could he have fallen? I really can’t be bothered flying over the rooftops in search of him. Why does he have to be such a thorn in my side?
“Maki!” I screeched, turning around. “Ma- Oh right.”
I sighed. I’d forgotten I’d left him behind. Great! Now that’s two great pains that’ve run off on me! Why does everyone I involve myself with have to be such a burden?
“Mama! She looks like the statue!” some round child yelled out as he stabbed a plump finger at me.
“Shhh! It’s not polite to point at someone like that.” a middle-aged woman said, suddenly appearing to grab her child by the wrist.
A statue in my likeness? Perhaps the world still remembers the great Crimson Lily after all!
“Woman! A moment!” I demanded, forcing the mother to turn back around. “What is this statue?”
“Oh, it’s just a silly little thing. I wouldn’t worry about it.”
“A silly little thing? Woman, you’d better watch your tongue if you wish to keep it.” I snarled, causing the frightened woman to pale quickly.
“I-It’s in the centre of the city.”
“And why does it look like me?”
“Because of your hat and fluffy coat.”
I see. It must have been created all those years ago. I only ever put on these clothes when I was preparing for battle. They’re both enchanted items with the hat being another, weaker generator for energy and the coat providing excellent defences with its curious properties.
“Good. That will be all woman. Get out of my sight!” I told her with frightening intensity.
The woman vanished with her child a second later and I exited the circle of onlookers that had formed around us, determined to find this wonderful statue. If it’s in the centre of the city like that woman claimed, it shouldn’t be too hard to find. This road was fairly wide which probably meant it was a main street, so I could just follow it and hopefully it would lead me to where I wanted to go. I’ll just have to forget about Rain for now; he can come find me instead.
I walked alone for what seemed like hours under the glaring sun. Everywhere I went seemed unfamiliar. I don’t know how it happened, but I must have left the main road at some point and wound up in the richer parts of the city. It made me a little uncomfortable being in this district. I don’t like how people put so much value in money and shiny possessions, it just seems foolish to me. I’ve never needed any of that stuff and I’ve survived for over thirteen thousand years, so what does that tell you? Well I suppose if they enjoy that kind of thing it’s not really my place to judge, but I will anyway.
I might have been less frustrated with my current predicament if the sun had set hours ago like it had promised. Not only that, but if Rain hadn’t disappeared on me, we would have found my glorious statue much sooner. I have to be getting closer though, everywhere I go is a new place, which means, in the worst-case scenario, I’m probably snaking my way back and forth through these streets. The fact that I’m in a richer area must be a good sign too as generally the wealthier classes tend to be located more in the middle than on the fringes.
I walked on and on, the stress of the situation weighing down on me like thousands of bricks. If I was an ordinary human, I’d have died from exhaustion some time ago. Listen to me, now I’m comparing myself to human trash! I know what this is. When I haven’t done it in a while I start to get these weird thoughts in my head. Ugh, I really need to kill something.
I snapped myself out of my funk and held my head up high. It’s times like these that you really need to stay positive. Just keep thinking about all the things you’re going to do to Brady when you find him, and before you know it, you’ll be there! That’s what I kept telling myself for fourteen thousand years until I finally got out. Oh no! What if I’m doomed to travel these streets for the rest of my days? Wait a minute, if that were the case then I might actually be in some kind of maze trap, but looking around I can’t really see any of the usual signs. No, this was entirely of my own doing. I got lost all by myself, there’s no point blaming others.
My word! Will you just listen to me? I sound like some pathetic do-gooder! There’s always someone else to blame! There’s the Coven for making me come and find them, there’s Rain for running away, there’s that little wretch Maki for abandoning me, and worst of all there’s Brady who didn’t even have the guts to come see me as soon as I took a step into this miserable place! Ah, see that? I’m in high spirits again! And just in time too because I think I might have finally found the place I’m looking for!
Yes! This must be it! I can see a statue with a wide-brimmed, pointed hat and a coat that looks like it was made out of the feathers of a crow. Of course, the entire thing was made of bronze, obviously so it could withstand the test of time. But something seemed off about it, something I really didn’t care for at all.
The statue of me wasn’t standing. It was hunched over, well, more like kneeling down with its head pointed to the ground. That in itself was enough to make me furious, but the object that lay just beyond filled me with a white-hot rage. What my statue was kneeling at, was another statue, incredibly detailed right down to the ruffles in its clothes. This other statue was standing tall with one hand reaching up to grab onto the opening in its rob just above the chest, and all the while wearing this incredibly proud and dignified look as it gazed off at the distant horizon.
Is this how Brady sees himself? Had he created this statue with that moronic look in his likeness? They could have been twins! How they both looked so stupid. I couldn’t help but laugh, a very long and condescending laugh.
“What’s so funny?” asked the man sitting atop the Brady statue, who was just casually reading a pretty thick book.
“I think you know what. That statue and you both have too big a head.” I laughed again.
The man snickered slightly as he closed his book and looked down on me with repulsive eyes.
“It’s been a while Lily.” he smiled sickeningly.
“Yes it has, Brady.” I agreed, putting on a vicious smile that just screamed out how hungry I was for blood.
The time I have been waiting for has finally arrived. I’m going to tear him limb from limb until his cries for mercy finally die down!
The Dream Becomes A Nightmare

“So, how’ve you been?” Brady asked as if it were the most normal thing in the world. He reopened his book and began casually leafing through it again, still sitting atop the Brady statue.
“How’ve I been?” I repeated through gritted teeth, narrowing my eyes. “How’ve I been?! You should know full well ‘how I’ve been’! You’re the one who sealed me away for fifteen thousand years! So you tell me, how do you think I’ve been?”
“Fifteen thousand years? Is that how long you think you’ve been away for? How’d you come to that conclusion?”
“It was a simple deduction really.” I told him with a condescending smirk. “Really, only a fool wouldn’t have realised it by now. Naturally, it would take a great deal of time for the world to change as it did, even if there were some kind of huge war, I doubt it would take anything short of a couple millennia to warp the land like this. Then of course there’s the bizarre terminology and fashion I’ve been exposed to. And finally there’s the most damning evidence, the fact that nobody remembers my name.”
Yep, that about sums it up. It was quite obvious really, even a toddler could put those pieces together.
“Ha!” Brady laughed, much to my annoyance. “You’re the only fool here. It hasn’t been fifteen thousand years! You’re not even close!”
“Ah, so it’s as I feared. It’s been much longer hasn’t it?”
“It’s been nearly three hundred!”
“Yes, three hundred thousand years. I had a nagging feeling it might have been that long. I’m going to make you scream for cursing me to such an existence! Having spent that long, an eternity in sunlight... You have no idea of the depths of my hatred for you.”
“Heh, you’re such an idiot. Three hundred years. That’s all it’s been. Not thousands, just three hundred measly years.”
“You can’t fool me that easily. I won’t fall for your tricks any longer!”
“I’m not trying to trick you. If you don’t believe me, just take a look at this book.” he said, tossing down the thick tome at my feet. “Well, you won’t actually find the answer in there, but I’ve left the Coven’s library untouched just for you. So go figure out the answer for yourself once we’re done here.”
I picked up the book and looked at its cover. There were no identifying features so I flipped over to the first page.
“What is this?” I asked, a little confused.
“That’s my biography, written after I went to sleep. Apparently they found some of my old diaries and notes and put it together from that.”
“Oh? If yours is this big I can’t wait to see mine.”
“I know! It’s wonderful isn’t it? But you’ll be waiting a long time to see yours. The only mention of you in all their books is actually in the one you’re holding.”
“More lies.” I hissed, but began reading the book anyway.
I flipped through the pages without taking more than a glance at anything written in there. Most of the words seemed to be nothing more than sickening praise to enlarge the already swollen head of this great clown; I truly felt like vomiting. I was over the halfway point when I stopped flicking through and came to an enraging discovery. I tried to look a bit further on and nothing. I then turned back and began reading the only notes of all my wonder and glory.
“Scarlet Rose,” I read, my blood literally boiling, “was no stronger than the average sorcerer and an arrogant simpleton. Her main objective was to dominate the world, but Brady the Saint was able to stop her in under an hour. He reportedly took no joy in his actions.”
That’s it. That’s all there was about me in this boring book.
“They got my name wrong.” I whispered absently, unable to believe or avert my eyes from the page.
“Yeah, I may have lied about a couple of things in my records. History is written by the victor after all.”
“A couple of things... Ha.” I smiled weakly, all my passion leaving my body. I felt sick. “My name, my level of power, my objective, and even our last battle that took place over the course of a week...”
“You seem to be taking this pretty well.” Brady commented with disappointment. “I was expecting you to go totally bananas over it!”
Well expectations can be misleading. From this point on I now hold those words as gospel, especially after reading this bunch of lies.
Oh? What’s this? My arms are shaking uncontrollably, have been for the last couple of minutes now, but I can’t quite pin an emotion on this. It’s something deeper, more raw than any rage or fury I’ve ever known. How odd. I’m not exactly sure how I should be handling myself right now.
I looked around with tired eyes at the stalls and the large numbers of people moving around this little plaza. Many of them had actually stopped and formed a kind of observational circle, all eagerly looking at Brady who was still sitting above us all without a care in the world. Just look at them all, watching us with wonder in their eyes. No, no eyes were actually on me. It was stupid of me to think that. Apparently I’m a nobody! They only saw that idiot up there.
Why him? I couldn’t help but wonder. He wasn’t anything special, in fact I could crush his throat right now and watch him flail about trying to gasp for air. But I wouldn’t be hailed as a hero if I did, not that I’d care much anyway. Problem is, I bet these goldfish would forget me again in another couple of years. I couldn’t stand the thought!
I felt it rising up from within. An uncontrollable urge to let it all pour out. All that frustration I felt after reading the book, Brady’s condescending attitude and the fact the sun was still stuck in place. All I wanted to do was scream, and as a matter of fact, I did.
I screamed as high, loud and as long as I could, shredding the eardrums of everyone standing in the plaza. The people surrounding us, even those in the middle of shopping at the small stalls, were forced to drop whatever they held and instantly cover their bleeding ears. Even after I ran out of breath, the people were still stumbling about, yelling to one another, and the high-pitched ringing stayed in the air. Only Brady seemed unaffected.
I turned my eyes down to the book in my hands, smiling widely as my anger and hatred manifested physically. Orange flames began pouring out the bottom of my sleeves like water, engulfing the book and reducing it to ashes in mere seconds. I stood there with a triumphant grin and turned my attention back to Brady.
“You didn’t have to destroy the book.” Brady sighed. “It was the only one in the city.”
“Like I care!” I shrieked hysterically. “Just wait until I get my hands on you! I’ll flay you alive!”
“Just calm down now.” Telling a furious person to calm down? This guy’s not too smart is he? “Think about this logically for a second. There were just under two hundred sorcerers in that building. I killed them all and consumed their souls. Even if you’d killed the same amount of regular people, you know the difference in power between a normal human and a sorcerer’s soul. Give it up, you’ve got no chance.”
“Have you inserted that statue a little? Because you seem awfully full of yourself.”
“Nope, I’m just telling it like it is.”
“I see, well maybe I should shove it up inside you then. That way you won’t just be full of yourself, you’ll also be full of shit.”
I was quite aware of the difference between a human and sorcerer soul. A sorcerer had almost double the power due to their mystical affinity. Of course, such things were meaningless when it involves me. It doesn’t matter how many sorcerers Brady consumed, he would still be no match for me, not when I had all these enchanted objects on my person.
“Brady,” I sighed, “those souls must have gotten to your head, don’t let it cloud your judgement. You seem to forget just who it is you’re dealing with.”
“Oh, I remember all too well.”
“I don’t think you do.” I told him as I unbuttoned my coat, the crow feathers swaying slightly in the motion. “You see, last time you caught me off-guard. But this time I’ve come fully equipped for battle.”
I shrugged my coat off my shoulders, but it never hit the ground, hovering just off my back instead. I loved this coat. It acted like an independent part of myself, moving when I do and sometimes even acting on its own, but only ever for my benefit. This coat was my prized armour, something I always wear when heading off to a fight. It’s mostly used to defend against surprise attacks from behind, but it does have some offensive capabilities too, and it was crafted entirely thanks to my own genius.
The moment I threw off my coat Brady had cast his eyes to my chest. His gaze held the lewdness of the common thug, and I could have sworn I saw him lick his lips. What a pathetic man, just like the rest of his species. Whatever, it just makes them easier to kill is all. I just need to tear a bit of my clothes, expose some cleavage or skin on my thighs, and their concentration is instantly broken. It’s strange though, I never thought Brady was like that.
“You can quit staring at my body now.” I told him, growing increasingly uncomfortable at his wanting stares.
“Pah! Who would want to stare at that decrepit, three-hundred-year-old body? My interest lies with what’s hanging around your neck.”
Ignoring that stinging jab for now, I reflexively grasped the small necklace in my hand.
“What’s so interesting about this piece of junk?” I wondered aloud, looking at it in the palm of my hand.
“What, are you kidding? You mean to tell me you have no idea what it is?”
“That’s what I just said moron.”
“You do realise that little object is the reason why the Coven sent so many of its children after you, right? And also the reason why I was sent?”
“No, but it doesn’t really matter does it? I really don’t care. It’s pretty useless, but so long as other people want it, I’m going to keep it.” I calmly informed, walking over to the side of the Crimson Lily statue and placing a hand on its kneeling form.
“Well then, I guess I’ll just have to take it by force.” Brady smiled.
“Just try it and see what happens.” I sneered before pouring some of my energy into the statue.
My statue shuddered slightly before slowly beginning to stand up. It’s time for the games to begin.
Battle Of The Titans

The strike was surprisingly fast, almost a blur in fact, for something of that size. It wasn’t fast enough however, as the Brady statue was easily able to intercept my statue’s fist with the palm of its own hand. A huge shockwave blasted out in all directions at the moment of impact, sending all kinds of trash blowing through the air.
Our surroundings were filled with deaf onlookers who had decided to stick around in order to see what was happening, probably thinking it was some kind of show. Some of them were even cheering and encouraging Brady to do his best, while all I was getting were some hisses and boos. I’m used to not being liked, but it was still a little painful to hear them like that.
My statue’s wrist was suddenly gripped and yanked forward. Brady’s statue then forcefully drove a knee into its opponent’s gut, resulting in a loud but dull thud, before flinging the giant witch a considerable distance, smashing it through many of the buildings, stalls and splattering people as it rolled to a stop. It got up almost instantly and charged back into the fight, tackling Brady’s statue barely a moment later and toppling them both, causing further damage to their surroundings.
Brady took this opportunity to leave his perch and gracefully dropped to the ground with a huge smirk splitting his face. Behind him, the two statues continued exchanging fierce blows as part of their duel. Once Brady’s feet touched the ground the crowd cheered loudly again, apparently momentarily forgetting the deaths of their friends and loved ones, forcing me to scowl at my surroundings
“I’m going to take that necklace from you.” he told me with completely unfounded confidence.
“I’m afraid I can’t just hand it over to you. You’d probably use it for something horrible and atrocious! Why would I let someone else have all the fun?”
I opened my mouth wide and sucked in a large breath of air. The air stopped short of my lips, swirling round and round and growing hotter by the second. The winds manifested physically by glowing a dark reddish colour and soon after a small orb had formed.
I breathed in through my nose, never taking my eyes off my target. My preparations for this spell were now complete, yet Brady didn’t seem fazed at all. This was some pretty high-level magic I was about to perform, and I knew he knew that, so why wasn’t he worried? Well, it’s alright. He can lament his arrogance later, should the afterlife exist.
“Ha!” I screamed with the same piercing intensity as earlier.
The floating orb exploded forward in a single line, sending a powerful backlash of wind behind me. Brady immediately leapt up, causing the beam to pass straight under him and plough through any buildings in the way, melting them in a fiery explosion. The red beam held its intensity as I gradually tilted my head back, with the deadly blast tracing upwards in a straight line. It missed Brady once more as he cartwheeled out of the way, and the beam continued to rise until it eventually pierced the pure blue sky above us, where it disappeared shortly after.
A funny thing happened in that moment. The blue sky tore apart like fabric, right where the beam had cut, and under that large gash lay an innumerable amount of small, twinkling lights: the stars.
“Oh? So that’s where they’ve been hiding huh?” I mused, looking up in wonder.
“That’s pretty pathetic if you only just now realised.” Brady spat, patting the smouldering side of his robe and dropping down to the ground again. “I created this little illusion because I remembered just how much you love the sun.”
My response was to charge headlong with a black orb in one hand and a severe amount of anger corrupting my face. I jumped up and came crashing down on Brady orb first. Of course, Brady avoided any collision by backing away, but he really should have gone further. I smashed the orb into the ground, causing black flames to rise like snakes around the two of us in a circle. Brady walked over to the edge of the ring and brushed his fingers across the flames, recoiling instantly due to the intense heat.
“No more running for you.” I sneered with a wicked smile.
Brady remained unmoving, forcing me to make the first move. I charged forward again with my staff ready to strike. Brady intercepted each of my fluid movements with equal agility using only his bare hands, showering the air between us with beautifully coloured sparks. I tried again and again, but still couldn’t land a blow, and it was driving me nuts!
I leapt back and punched the ground out of frustration, sinking my fist up to my wrist, producing several small cracks in the ground that then started racing their way towards Brady. Brady lazily leapt into the air and floated there in comfort, not showing much of a concern towards my attack.
Silly Brady. Little does he know I’ve dreamt of this day for over sixteen thousand years (until I’m proven wrong it’s going to stay that long!) and I’ve been thinking and rethinking about all the ways I was going to enjoy making him suffer. This little trick wasn’t actually part of any of my torture methods, my only intention here was to immobilise him.
Brady smiled lazily as the cracks passed underneath him and converged into one. The moment I pulled my hand out, the ground violently exploded upwards, sending dozens of pointed rocks at the fool levitating in the air. Brady finally showed some surprise as he tucked his legs up to his chest in order to protect his body and used his arms to cover his head. He didn’t groan or wince as the rock spears pierced his flesh and released a steady flow of blood, which did much to dull my enjoyment. Not only that, but the crowd was now both gasping in concern and shouting angrily for my head.
Brady dropped back down to the ground and started removing the spears one by one, his weird, carefree smile never leaving that twisted face.
There was an earth quaking slam off in the distance as our statues continued their gruelling fight. They exchanged blows with a power and speed you could never find in a living creature. They were so savage and brutal, and their path of destruction was completely unstoppable. They were incredibly impressive, the way they flattened those buildings and smashed clean holes in the ground. They would continue fighting like that until either one or both of them were destroyed, or either Brady or I bite the dust.
Brady’s attention had also been consumed by our larger selves’ destruction, but he eventually turned back to me, the black flames creating wickedly dancing shadows over his body.
“I thought you despised tricks?” Brady asked as the last rocky spear fell to the ground.
“Yes, I’d much rather overwhelm my enemies with my unparalleled might. However I thought I might employ the same tactics common to weaker fools, you know, people like you.”
“Oh, is that how it’s going to be? I’ll play ball! And speaking of balls...”
Brady turned his eyes towards the sun, reaching his hand out towards it with his fingers spread apart. He then clenched his hand into a fist and dragged down his arm, looking like it was requiring some effort. The sun, strangely enough, began growing larger, the heat gradually intensifying along with it. No, that wasn’t right. It wasn’t growing larger at all, it just appeared to be. The sun was actually falling, and right on top of us too.
Brady turned towards me and smiled again, as if to say, “Your move”. What a fool, doesn’t he realise he’ll be crushed along with it? Hmm, I’ve never destroyed a sun before. I should remember to thank Brady for this opportunity, after I visit his grave of course. I was going to have to use the strongest magic available.
I held out my hand, palm up, and concentrated on gathering pure energy in that space. Nothing is stronger than pure energy, not even the sun. It is, after all, the very foundation of life, at least from my understanding anyway. Regardless, it takes some incredible mastery of the mystic arts to manipulate this kind of energy, a level which I have surpassed of course. Problem is, to use energy as a means to attack can be considerably draining. I guess that’s just the price of power.
I felt it flow all over my hand, running like water but having no actual physical body; I could feel it thanks solely to my extra sense. The sun continued to drop out of the sky, the rising heat causing a slight sweat to break across my forehead. Not much longer now, if I can resist this sun’s disgusting warm rays just a little longer. Wait for it... There! Now’s the time!
I launched my gathered energy towards the centre of the flaring ball. The pure energy struck the sun right in the middle, penetrating it deeply and forcing itself out through the other side. The energy continued to fly through, dragging parts of the sun with it and forcing the giant fireball to continuously collapse inside itself, trying to fill up the cavity I’d created. It was beautiful, the way the sun poured through itself like that, almost like a giant sinkhole had opened up inside a lake.
The sun quickly lost its initial structure, taking on the form of a thin yellowish stream instead. The stream of fiery light soared towards the illusionary sky, striking it with immense power and spreading out in all directions, distorting and burning any blue it touched.
More stars made their presence known through the new hole, dazzling us with their beauty. Even so, the false sky remained a bright blue despite the fact that the sun was no more. Brady really must have gone all out on this illusion.
“Now that’s some wonderful work!” Brady whistled. “That illusion was just as powerful as our normal sun, albeit a bit toned down so it wouldn’t fry everyone inside the atmosphere.”
“It was nothing.” I breathed.
To be honest, I was struggling. The act of destroying a sun had left me severely drained, and even my black flames had disappeared. My necklace was able to help me maintain consciousness by supplying me with a constant flow of energy, but it wasn’t nearly enough. I was breathing raggedly and sweating quite a bit more than the norm, with the norm being nothing in my case.
“This is just like last time.” Brady commented as he slowly approached. “You, too tired to move, and me, standing as the victor.”
I could barely stand. I even had to use my staff to prop myself up! All I could muster up was a wry smile.
Had this aggravating fool bested me again? I refuse to accept that! Not again! I will have my revenge! I tried to gather the strength to fight some more, but simply couldn’t find any.
Brady was only a couple of metres away now, but suddenly stopped mid-step, turning his attention towards the statues fighting each other. This made me curious as well, though I hadn’t sensed anything out of the ordinary. Then I heard it, a sharp clang followed shortly by a heavy thud.
“Oh? That man’s got some skills.” Brady murmured before being forced to leap away as a giant bronze head smashed into the ground right before me.
The head rolled to a stop, facing right at me with that weird dignified look from before. It was the head of the Brady statue, with a clean cut around its neck like a huge sword had lopped it off in one blow. The statue’s body, off in the distance, collapsed on several houses and didn’t move again. My statue on the other hand, refused to go down quite so easily and I could see it continuing its battle against some unseen foe. Then its head suddenly became independent of its body, which collapsed in a similar fashion to Brady’s.
A wave of dust blew across our battlefield, the aftermath of the fallen giants fight. The sound of heavy footsteps gradually approached us, accompanied by the sound of clanking armour. Finally, the dust settled and standing there clear as day was an overly tall and beastly-looking moron, Rain.
A Third Wheel

“Finally!” Rain breathed, over-exaggerating his tiredness.
“And just where the hell did you run off to?” I inquired with a mix of scorn and exhaustion.
“Are you kidding me? After you used me to flatten some poor guy’s house, I spent my time fleeing from the authorities! I finally managed to shake them a couple hours back, so I decided to wait for you at that building there.” he told me, quite angrily, while throwing a finger in the direction of the Coven’s building. “But you never showed up! I waited and waited until I finally decided to go and track you down. And then-”
“Yeah, shut up. I don’t care anymore.” I interrupted impatiently. “Why did you kill my golem? I could have used it right about now.”
“Because that damn thing went berserk when I beheaded the other one! It tried to smash me to bits!”
Ah, like mother like daughter. I would have done exactly the same thing if someone killed the real Brady before my eyes.
“Look men! There he is!” some loudmouth shouted from somewhere in the crowd. “Rifles to the front!”
The crowd parted behind Rain and a number of soldiers appeared in the opening. There were two rows consisting of five men, and each of those men held a long metallic tube-like object, with a wooden end resting against their shoulders, as well as what would appear to be a wooden grip along the underside of the tube. What strange objects. Anyway, those two rows were flanked by several more soldiers, carrying standard, useless swords.
Rain sighed deeply and turned around, showing the newcomers a tired look.
“I thought I gave you guys the slip.” he muttered, drawing his sword and planting it in the ground before him.
“What are you doing?” I wondered aloud, drawing a confused look from Rain.
“Huh? What do you mean? Can’t you see they’re-”
“Fire!”
 Thundering booms erupted simultaneously from the tubes, startling me slightly. Now, I’ve never seen anything like these objects before, but in my experience, when someone points a strange object at you, it’s a safe bet something dangerous is going to be flying your way. I’m glad I brought my coat on this little excursion.
My coat acted reflexively to protect me from the weird weapons, forming a kind of spiny cocoon for me to hide in. There were three slight pangs as some kind of metallic object struck my hardened shield, and another two a little further away around where Rain was. I saw a little round led pellet roll on the ground, which was obviously what had struck my coat.
Hmm, looks like warfare has gained some serious upgrades. Quite interesting, I must admit. Can’t say I care much for the weapon though. To me, it kind of trivialises death, not to mention it completely takes the fun out of killing another human being. In my opinion, it’s much better to get up close and personal when doing the deed.
I gathered whatever strength I had left and stood up tall, my coat relaxing its protective nature and allowing me to see the scene before me. Rain was cowering behind his sword, which he must have used as a shield, while the five soldiers at the front were shifting positions with the other five just behind them. Looks like they were getting ready to attack again. Apparently those weapons of theirs could only attack once at a time. Not very practical if you ask me. Well, whatever, I’ll just use this perfect opportunity to feed.
My coat spread out before me like a pair of wings. They flapped once, very quickly, and shards of feathers broke away from the coat, darting through the air in an arc and striking all ten men shifting about. They screamed in agony and crumpled shortly after, dozens of sharp, bladed feathers stuck in them.
“That’s it, soak it all up. Drain their bodies dry!” I screeched. “And return to me with their souls!”
Just as commanded, the feathers returned carrying the souls of my fallen enemies. After dropping off the foul souls, they slowly floated back into formation on my coat, which then returned to its position just off my back. Tasteless and disgusting, but at least I had some power back.
The remaining soldiers were stunned, but quickly regained their composure, drawing their swords.
“Take care of them.” I ordered Rain. “I don’t have time for such petty fights.”
“What, and you think I do?”
“Hurry it up already!”
Rain scowled but went into action anyway. He drew his double ended spear and kicked off the ground, using the hilt of his sword as a stepping-stone to gain an even greater height, and landed among the panicking soldiers. His spear separated into three sections and he quickly went to work.
I looked back to where Brady was standing in a relaxed stance, just watching us go about our thing. I smirked and clenched my fist hard.
“Well Brady, let’s see you try to kill me now!” I laughed heartily.
“Kill you? I don’t want to kill you.” Brady replied with overwhelming seriousness. “Why would I want to kill the one person who I have such an incredibly deep connection with?”
I shuddered, violently.
“Okay, that was creepy.” I murmured. “So if you don’t want to kill me, then what do you want? To seal me away again?”
“No, no.” Brady shook his head. “I don’t want that again. I was so lonely after I put you in that other dimension. I couldn’t find anything to entertain myself with. It was very depressing. All I ever wanted after that was to see you again.”
I shuddered again, violently.
“Enough already! Just tell me what you want!”
“I already did! I want that necklace!”
“Well you can’t have it, alright?” I snapped, gripping the necklace tight. “What do you want it for anyway?”
“Well, it’s pretty obvious really. You’ll kick yourself for not realising it sooner.” he smirked. “That necklace of yours is actually a – Woah now!”
Brady suddenly jumped back, narrowly avoiding a long reddish spearhead that came whirring for his neck. He was instantly put on the defensive as Rain continued swinging the ends of his sectional staff at him. The power behind those swings could have easily cut a regular sword in half, so it was no wonder Brady had no intention of meeting it directly.
I was angered greatly by Rain’s interference, but decided to use the situation to my advantage.
“Keep up the good work Rain!” I called, preparing for the use of wide-area magic.
“Huh?” Rain muttered in surprise. Poor guy must never really receive compliments if that was enough to distract him.
Brady saw the lapse in concentration and struck out with an open palm. He landed his blow square in the middle of Rain’s chest, sliding him backwards a couple of metres across the ground. Rain froze like that for a moment, his eyes radiating with hatred, before patting his chest lightly.
“Now that’s strange.” Brady said with keen interest. “That armour, is it like that all over your body? I wonder.”
Rain gritted his teeth and resumed his assault, as if he were telling Brady to shut up.
“I’ve been wondering this for a while,” Brady started as he avoided Rain’s deadly strikes, “but who exactly are you?”
“Rain.” he grunted.
“I know your name, but who are you to Lily? What is your relationship exactly?”
“What?”
My thoughts exactly Rain. I always knew Brady was a total creeper, but this is just plain disgusting! With the way he’s acting, you’d think he was a jealous lover or something!
“Are you two together? In an intimate relationship?” Brady asked, his calm mask beginning to crack. Rain’s eyes narrowed slightly. He must have noticed too.
“Yes, we are actually.” he lied. “I met her in the forest not too long ago, and we’ve been together a couple of times since then.” Rain smirked in a very suggestive way.
“Ha, ha ha.” Brady laughed wryly, his expression changing dramatically. “I’ll kill you!”
Brady suddenly went on the offensive. His hands were coated in a bright light as he struck out again and again like a complete madman, sending more sparks into the air. He had none of the calm form he’d displayed earlier, and was quickly becoming more savage with every strike. It was taking Rain everything he had to avoid being hit, though he was mostly moving on instinct. If even one of those hands so much as grazed him, he would be down a limb in an instant. I suppose it’s about time I lent him a hand.
I activated my magic and the effects were instant. Rain and Brady both hit the deck faster than anything I’ve ever seen before, struggling desperately to move. Everything within a seven-metre circle, with them at the centre, was caught under my spell of enhanced gravity. Struggle as they might, they were both mere bugs in my web.
“What the hell is this?” Rain groaned furiously.
“It’s a gravity spell you moron.” Brady muttered next to him.
“Yes it is. But that’s just phase one.” I laughed victoriously.
I lifted my staff above my head and drew a circle. The area about ten metres above Rain and Brady glowed with a pink light, forming a very detailed circle complete with old diagrams and symbols. The circle grew to a size roughly the same as my gravity spell and held there.
“It’s time to say goodbye Brady.” I laughed maddeningly. “Your death will be greatly satisfying, and I sure as hell won’t miss you.”
“Wow, that hurts.” Brady smiled, looking up at the certain doom awaiting him.
“Wait!” Rain shouted. “Are you stupid? He’s-”
“Oh yes, sorry Rain. I can’t be bothered getting you out of there, so I hope you enjoy this as much as I will!”
I laughed loudly as I slammed the tip of my staff into the ground. The lines and diagrams inside the circle shifted about slightly and a small hole opened up in the middle. Suddenly a strong pink light descended from the sky, passed through the new hole and hit the ground right where those two fools were lying. A deafening explosion rang out and a huge shockwave carried the dirt and dust over the remnants of the terrified crowd, but once it settled, I was both shocked and enraged to see what remained.
“Well that was a close one!” Brady smiled, sitting up.
“How? Wait, never mind. You were never actually caught by my spell, were you?”
“Nope. I could still move around freely, I just pretended is all. I was able to shield myself, and him unfortunately, from that attack without breaking a sweat.” That bastard. “Now hand over the necklace.”
“Why do you want this thing so much? It’s useless!”
“Not to me. Once it’s in my possession, I’m going to – Ugh!”
Suddenly there was a long red spearhead sticking out of Brady’s chest.
“What? No!” I screamed, rushing to Brady’s side. “Brady! Brady! No! This can’t be happening!”
“Don’t cry for me, my wonderful flower.” he wheezed, struggling for breath. “I’ll join up with you again... in the next world.”
“No! I don’t care about that! Just tell me what this damn necklace does already!”
There was no response, not even a groan as a large pool of blood appeared beneath us. That was it, he was gone. I dropped his corpse with a wet splat and stood up.
“Well that was dull. I thought you said he was a powerful sorcerer.” Rain complained as he retrieved his blade from Brady’s corpse.
I turned my rage-filled eyes upon the hulking brute and lashed out with my staff, sending him flying through the plaza. The terrified people all around us began weeping, screaming and running off, among other things, but they were of little concern to me right now. I could now only see through a sort of tunnel-vision of rage.
“What the hell was that for?” Rain roared angrily as he got back to his feet.
“You! Just what have you done? You think you can kill the object of my collective anger and hatred while I’m in the middle of a fight with him? Are you kidding?!” I shrieked.
My eyes were open so wide I thought they might actually pop out of their sockets. I was literally shaking with anger now. How dare he! Just, how dare he do that! I’ve dreamt of killing Brady for seventeen thousand years! And then he just swoops in at the last second and kills him! Just like that!
I looked up at the sky and noticed that Brady’s illusion was eroding away. Ah, the stars. They always calm me down, but the moment I looked back at Rain I was exploding with anger again.
“Kill? What are you talking about?” Rain asked, clearly confused by the simplest of statements. “Brady’s not dead.”
“You just gutted him you moron! How stupid can you get?”
“Look, I’ve never met the man, but even I could tell that wasn’t a human being.”
“What are you talking about?”
“That there,” Rain said, pointing at the corpse, “is a substitute.”
“What? That’s ridiculous!”
“No it’s not, and it was really quite obvious too. I noticed it as soon as I saw him! Didn’t you? See? The body’s gone.”
I looked down to where Brady had lain and sure enough, there was no body. Actually, there was no blood either. Nope, all that remained was a very simple paper doll charm with a large tear down the middle. Come to think of it, Brady had been acting a lot more confident and carefree than he should’ve been in a battle to the death. So that was the reason for that arrogant smile.
I had been fooled... By a paper doll charm...
Damn that Brady! Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned! I will do things to him they haven’t even thought up names for yet! I will be a leading inventor and innovator for torture and execution! My methods will be used for years to come! Just you wait! But in the meantime...
“Rain! Never step in-between my fights again!” I screamed at the startled man. “Now come, follow me. I need to find out what’s happened during the time I was incarcerated.”
I ignored Rain’s look of confusion as I passed by, heading straight for the one place that would hold all the answers: the Coven’s building.
Conspiring Adults

I sighed deeply. I was this close to getting that necklace, but that simpleton had to go and stab my puppet in the back. I really should have just taken that attack from the sky, then he would be nothing more than a charred outline on the ground.
Ahh, I’m so tired. It feels like over a week since I’ve done anything. I could really go for a nap, maybe for another century or two. Wouldn’t that be nice? But since Lily’s back, I can’t very well just leave her in the clutches of that evil man. The next time I see him I’ll be sure to end his pitiful existence.
I blinked around at the darkness surrounding me, feeling like I’d forgotten something important. Eh, I’m sure if it was important I wouldn’t have forgotten it in the first place. It’ll come back to me eventually I suppose, for now all I can do is enjoy the warmth provided by the crackling fire before me.
“So...?” asked a strangely lazy voice, startling me a little.
“Who’s there?” I asked politely.
“Huh? You summoned me here remember?”
“I don’t believe so. I would remember performing a ritual like that.” I would at least remember that much.
“Ritual? What’re you talking about? A letter somehow found me at my place of business and told me to meet someone here.”
“Really? Are you sure it’s supposed to be me then?”
Why is this guy bothering me? I just want to get some rest so I can go see Lily again. I wonder what she’s doing right now. I bet she took the bait and went to visit that library the Coven was so proud of. How adorable, that little studybug.
“What’s the matter with you?” the stranger asked tiredly. “We were talking for about ten minutes before you suddenly went all silent for another twenty. So if you’ve just gone all crazy on me, then I’m just gonna go.”
Oh! Now I remember. Wow, Lily had just taken a complete hold of my mind. I guess that’s just what happens when you reunite with someone so important to you. I bet she can’t think of anything else either.
“No, it’s alright. I remember now. I called you here as a backup plan, which seems to have been the right call. I need you to steal something for me.” I told him, motioning for him to sit down, but he remained standing over the other side of the fire.
“And what makes you think I would want to steal anything? My current occupation sees me rolling in profits.”
“Oh please, you can’t hide your true nature from me. I’ve only been awake for a little over a week now, but I’ve been diligent about keeping up to date with the current affairs. How nobody figured out you were some master thief before is simply mindboggling!”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” he said in a half-hearted manner.
I couldn’t help but feel like I’d made a critical mistake in my deduction. It was becoming harder and harder to believe this was the man I thought he was. His laid-back attitude was the most disarming thing about him. I mean, I’ve just accused him of being a top of the line thief and he couldn’t care less! I would be flaunting that title proudly!
“Oh? So all that business about stealing some sacred artifact from the Old World’s headquarters wasn’t you?”
“The Old World? Sounds like some revolutionary group.”
Was that a denial? It was too hard to read this guy and his tired, half-closed eyes.
“What about the incident involving that group called the Void? I hear they’ve been scrambling to find some kind of mechanical ignition device they lost at the hands of a thief. You telling me that wasn’t you either?”
“Who knows?”
Was that the faintest flicker of a smile I just saw?
“Alright then, how about the crown that was stolen during the new King Bradley’s crowning ceremony in that overpriced city last week?”
The man’s lips started shaking at the corners before a wide grin broke out across his face.
“Heh, yeah, that was pretty funny.” he laughed. “Okay, you got me. But now that you know who I am, I can’t let you leave this place alive.”
There’s a candidate for the corniest things ever said. And now he’s pulling out what appears to be a thin, spike-like knife from behind his back. Does he think he’s some kind of gangster? He’d be C-grade at best.
“I don’t want to fight and I don’t really care who you are, all I want is for you to steal a necklace for me.”
He looked at me cautiously for a moment then returned the knife to where it came from, obviously thinking I wasn’t much of a threat. Whatever, it’s not like I need to express my power like a cute red-headed woman I know.
“A necklace? That’s it?”
“Yep, and I’ll be happy to reward you with this lovely sack of valuables.” I told him, dropping the heavy sack next to me, all the gems and whatevers clinking against each other.
“Is that so?” he said, suddenly becoming even more bored. “I don’t do what I do for payment. I just do it for the thrill.”
He suddenly spun around in a complete circle before facing right back at me again, though he was now bouncing the sack of goods in the palm of his hand, much to my delighted surprise. What an unusual ability. It appears I’ve chosen correctly on this matter.
“I’ll be taking this now.” he told me plainly. “Where’s the necklace?”
Good. Seems like we’re on the same page now.
I held out my hand and gathered some energy above my palm. The energy glowed a soft white as it swirled around and eventually solidified into the shape of an orb. I held it out towards my visitor.
“Look into the light and you’ll see for yourself.”
The man slowly approached and narrowed his eyes as he peered into the orb.
“All I can see is some woman reading a book.”
“Oh, that’s just Lily. She’s the one who has the necklace.”
I watched the images play themselves out. There she was, just sitting in the library like I’d predicted. Look at her, flicking through those pages with those slender fingers. I’m getting the desire to go see her again.
“So why don’t you go get it yourself?”
“I would but I’m going to be a bit busy in the coming weeks. I’ve got a little family I need to break out of jail and some other things to find.” In all honesty, it was going to be tiresome work, but I needed some help with a couple of things, and with what I have planned for this world, I have a feeling they’ll join me eagerly. “Of course, I need you to accomplish your task so that my plans may bear fruit.”
“But to steal from a woman like that? It shouldn’t be too hard.”
“I know what you’re thinking, but she is not to be underestimated. That woman will be harder to steal from than any fortress or castle you’ve come across.”
“I don’t know about that. It’s just one person. I think you might be exaggerating a bit.”
“Everyone who underestimates her winds up dead. I’m telling you this from personal experience.”
“Really? How come you’re alive then?”
“Because I never underestimated her. But I did fail in retrieving that necklace. Though I never planned for that, I thought it appropriate to seek out the best in the business anyway.”
“I see.” the man thought for a moment. “I still don’t believe you, but I’ll steal that necklace. Who knows, what you say might even be true. In fact, I’m hoping it is.”
“Yeah, whatever. Just make sure you face her with everything you’ve got. Anything less than that will see you buried in a shallow grave, well, figuratively speaking. You will be dead though.” I said with a slight laugh. “She’s at Brady’s right now. I hear it’s quite an amazing city! Have you ever been?”
“Amazing? You sure you’re thinking of the right place? It used to be called Celeste right? It’s actually a pretty lousy destination. I’ve been there a couple of times, right around the times when the Coven got their hands on some priceless items.”
Tch, I should have spruced the city up a bit before I left. Oh who am I kidding? I don’t care for that place much either. It was just a little reward I gave myself for eliminating the Coven.
“Anyway, you should get going now. I’m on a bit of a schedule so I need things to progress quickly and smoothly.”
“Yeah yeah.” the thief said as he tossed the sack into the air once more and disappeared into the shadows beyond the light.
“Once you get it come back to this spot!” I yelled. “I’ll be here waiting for you!”
I don’t have a great feeling about this. Why would he leave without hearing the future meetup point?
I turned my attention back to the glowing orb. Lily was now staring straight back at me, or so it appeared. She must have located the observational point. Now she was twirling the necklace by its chain at a speed which showed only a blur. With a grin, she let go of the chain and launched the necklace at my spell. The image was instantly cut off and the orb shattered to pieces, leaving little arcs of red where the shards had cut.
Guess there’s not much else to do except go free that luckless family of five from their prisons. Hopefully they’ll be more reliable than that thief is.
The Road To Enlightenment

I got up off my seat and walked over to the corner of the room where my necklace lay. I looked back up to where that putrid eyeball had been, where it had been blinking with that wet, disgusting squelch. Of course, there was no actual eyeball dangling from the roof, but it didn’t change the fact I still felt its presence.
That Brady, he really needs to learn how to respect my personal space. It’s a good thing I don’t need to wash myself or anything where he could easily take advantage with that perverted nature of his. I mean, come on! I know I’m just so exquisitely good looking that it might be hard to resist, but spying on me like that is taking it a little far I think.
With my necklace secured back around my neck I headed back to my seat where the book I’d been browsing remained open. There was some kind of a commotion going on in the hall connected to this room, meaning the guards had rallied and were attempting their assault again. Seriously, how many guards does this city have? Rain’s been fighting them back, like the good little dog he is, for some time now and they still show no signs of letting up. Hopefully their resources dry up soon so I can get some proper reading done. It’s times like this where I miss the quietness my forest has to offer.
I picked up the large book and resumed my reading. This one was just a compact version of the Coven’s incredibly dull history, which was as close as I could get to an actual historical book here. Most of the texts stored on these shelves were nothing more than flattery works written by their own members. Very dull, but incredibly enlightening as to the low intellect the Coven pups possessed.
I flicked through the pages with boredom as my companion, sighing heavily and frequently shifting uncomfortably in my seat. I was already familiar with the events this book had to offer so far, but I had to read through them just in case I missed something important.
Many of the events documented here, I had actually been present for. They had, however, neglected to mention my name even once! In some cases I was even the direct cause of these disasters, but they had just jotted my involvement down as some kind of unexplained phenomena. This infuriating discovery only served to make these books significantly more boring. There really was no point in being interested if the main star isn’t included.
I swear, when someone finally decides to do me justice and write my story, I’m going to be the sole focus. It’s going to be all about me, Crimson Lily, and no one else! And if that writer even thinks of making me something less than the main character, or so much as mentions Brady, I’ll chop their fingers off and claw out their eyes, and then the fun will begin!
I rubbed my eyes on reflex. I don’t actually get tired, ever, but I guess sometimes your body just moves on its own. I rolled my head from side to side to loosen up some tension and noticed the hulking brute leaning against one of the sides of the huge archway that led to the hallway.
“I’m starting to get a bit tired. All this killing is wearing me out. Can we switch for a bit?” Rain asked with a yawn.
“Are those guards still attacking? I can’t hear them.”
“Nah, they’ve retreated again to regroup. They’ve got the place surrounded though so they could attempt another assault at any time. Which is why I need a break.”
It’s a good thing we’re on the seventh floor. I wouldn’t be able to deal with those fools breaking in through that giant window at the back during my study session.
“As much as I would like to take your place and reveal to them my own particular brand of massacre, I’ve got far more important things to take care of.” I told him, motioning to the stacks of books I’d already prepared.
“Come on, not even for a little bit? I just want to close my eyes for a second.”
When did he become such a spoilt brat? Don’t get me wrong, I love children! The way their innocent eyes fill with horror is a sight to behold indeed, but I simply can’t stand this self-entitled behaviour. What is he thinking? It’s like he believes we’re partners of equal standing or something!
I opened my bag that lay off to the side and pulled out a thin vial filled with a yellowy liquid.
“Drink this.” I told him, tossing it lightly in his direction. “It’ll revitalise you; give you the energy you need to keep going.”
Rain looked at it cautiously and took a quick glance over to me. I nodded without a hint of my true intentions and watched him from the corner of my eye as he drank the whole vial in one go. Interesting approach, I must say. He certainly is a trusting fellow.
Rain suddenly pushed himself of the wall and began bouncing on the spot, like he was gearing up for a boxing match.
“Wow!” he exclaimed, exceptionally loudly. “You’re right! This does wonders!”
“Is that so...” I mumbled unhappily.
“Right! I’m going back to my spot!”
He took one step in the direction of the hall and then another. He then took two more and suddenly froze mid-gait. I looked over, my mood lightening somewhat as I got out of my seat and approached the statue.
“Wh-what’s happened to me?” Rain asked with great difficulty. It would appear even his jaw had frozen in place.
“A paralytic compound huh?” I wondered aloud. “I should have guessed that from its yellowish colour, but I guess there’s no definitive answer until you conduct a field test!”
“You knew this would happen?”
“Of course not! I’m hurt you would even think such a thing!” I cried, exaggerating the false shock. “I had no intention of paralysing you! I thought it was going to kill you.”
“You...”
“Hush hush. Just look at it this way, you said you were tired so now you can actually rest!” I pointed out while moving past him. “Besides, I’m feeling a bit nippish right now.”
It was true, after battling Brady and seeing how strong he’s become recently, I’ve decided I need to up my game a bit. Since Rain has already taken care of the troublesome parts, all I need to do is take a stroll through that blood-soaked path and harvest all I could take!
My boots made wet echoes out into the silence as I walked through the halls of the dead. I didn’t have to go far before I found my first pile of corpses. Not much of a taste if you ask me, but the starved will eat anything put before them.
I continued walking around, momentarily forgetting the reason we’d actually come to this building. Ah whatever, all that reading was doing my head in anyway. If I have to read one more page about how “wonderful” and “amazing” the Coven is, I swear I’ll scream. I will give credit where credit is due however, as the architecture they employ is quite brilliant.
The library and hallway here were huge. You’d have to be at least twice the size of Rain to even come close to touching the curved roof, giving it a seemingly grand feeling that could only belong to the kings of old, though that much was typical of the Coven. That alone was impressive enough, but it was actually the intricately carved designs etched into the walls and the detailed paintings on the ceiling that really captivated my attention. They didn’t tell much of a story, but it was still fun to look at. The subjects depicted almost seemed barbaric and savage, and in a way it kind gripped my heart in terrific wonder.
I made my way back to the library where Rain was still standing right where I’d left him.
“How long am I going to be like this?” he asked, well, more like groaned.
“Who knows!” I told him with newly found enthusiasm. “But try to keep it down will you? I’ve got some reading to do.”
“What if those guards come back again?”
“Then I will deal with that trifling matter myself. I’m capable enough you know.” I told him with accusing eyes before I went back to my seat.
Time to skip ahead a bit I think. A violenceless history is not something I’ve ever been that fond of, so I’m thinking it might be best to just jump ahead to the good parts. I know, I know. It’s all about the journey right? Well what fool wants to be stuck reading about someone walking places? I know I sure as hell don’t! I mean, talk about boring! It’d be like reading about someone standing in line or something!
My previous enthusiasm was blown away in a matter of minutes and I was stuck reading the same lines over and over again. I’m sure it won’t matter if I skip ahead a couple more pages right? I flipped through quickly and came to rest on a new page.
Tch, this new page was nothing but statistics. I’ve never been that great with numbers, but since these were death tolls, I suppose I could grant them a quick view. Seems that millions, perhaps even hundreds of millions of lives had been lost during some kind of great catastrophe. Great, now I’m going to have to go back and read what I’d skipped over.
I see. It all began around fifty years after I’d been imprisoned. By the way, it would appear Brady was correct in telling me I’d only been gone for around three hundred years. I’d learnt that devastating fact after reading some of this book, but my heightened rage subsided quickly in the wake of an overwhelming boredom and tiredness, but that was then, this is now.
If those Coven bigots felt the need to record these following events, then they really must have happened. While they were definitely the type to make up ridiculous lies in order to further glorify their own names, they would never make up something that would directly conflict their beliefs, particularly their very own God complex.
It turns out that the gods had in fact descended upon our world, just as Rain had mentioned. You can’t blame me for not believing the word of some dummy with a sword can you? I mean, the idiot had no proof to back it all up with! His story was the level of a madman at best!
So, fifty years after I was forced from this world, the gods descended. From what I could read, neither the High Gods nor the Fallen Gods cared much for human life. They were so consumed with fighting each other, they didn’t care at all who got caught up in the middle of it.
Entire cities and kingdoms had been decimated by what could only be described as monstrous power. Small islands were wiped clean off the map, only to be replaced by several more when the mainland became so badly fractured it literally broke off.
What was particularly interesting was the amount of indifference shown by the gods. They didn’t care one bit what the results of their destruction were, they simply moved on to another target area and created even more havoc.
Ah, what a time to be alive it must’ve been. I was squirming in my seat just thinking about what it would’ve been like to personally witness. Oh how I wish I were there in the middle of it all! To go up against a god, I wonder what that’s like?
People began worshipping them as some sort of saviours, though I don’t really see why. Perhaps they thought they would be spared from all the carnage surrounding them. A desperate fool will do anything after all, especially if they thought it would increase the odds of survival.
I kept reading to find out why battles like that weren’t taking place to this day, and came across a pretty interesting answer. The gods can be killed. Apparently it takes an incredible amount of power to put them down for good, something only other gods possess. Though if that’s just what those weaklings in the Coven think then they probably aren’t that strong, not compared to me anyway.
I closed the book with a satisfied sigh. Very interesting, very interesting indeed. My thoughts on the matter were cut short however, as I could hear some movement coming from beyond the hall. Those damn guards again! I really don’t care to deal with them right now, but I suppose I can pick this reading project up a little later on, after I’ve had time to properly digest all this new information.
I grabbed what books seemed appealing and stuffed them inside my bag, closing it up with great difficulty. Then I walked over to the giant archway and placed a hand on one of the sides. Small cracks appeared under my palm and started racing towards the top, splitting apart even further. The ground started rumbling a little and the roof above suddenly collapsed, making me leap away to avoid the giant stones trying to crush me. The dust thrown into the air quickly settled, showing me a huge pile of rocks where the entrance to the library had been. That should keep people out of here until I return.
“Come Rain, it’s time we took our leave.” I declared, dragging him by the scruff of his rags.
Rain didn’t say a thing as I brought him to the window and used him to smash it to bits. I grinned as I watched the shards not stuck in Rain’s face plummet below, forcing anyone underneath to take cover. Hmm, that compound must’ve been stronger than I thought, seeing as he’s been rendered unconscious from such a light tap.
“Maki! You had better be there!” I screeched into the sky, drowning out the panicked voices below.
“Mistress! I’m glad you’re safe!” cried the fluttering pink bat with bunny ears, who was struggling to maintain its altitude as it drifted towards me. Phew, for a moment I thought he might have taken the form of a giant eagle!
“You’re ‘glad’? As in to say you were worried? Fool!” I shouted, slapping the beast on the forehead with my staff. “As if these roaches could present any threat to Crimson Lily!”
I tossed Rain and followed him onto Maki’s back, making him groan out painfully as he franticly flapped his thin wings. I knew it was a good idea to give him the ability of metamorphosis, otherwise he’d be utterly useless!
Maki began to furiously flap away from the Coven’s building. I took this wonderful opportunity to set any nearby houses ablaze with several well-placed fireballs and lightning strikes, you know, just because.
“Tremble in terror and pray to your worthless gods that you should never cross paths with me again!” I shrieked with hysterical laughter. “Remember the name that is synonymous with fear you miserable maggots! The name of Crimson Lily! Now take us away Maki!”
“Where are we going mistress?” the disgusting dope asked with a groan.
“To slay a god of course!”
Gaining Insight

“Mistress! I don’t... think I can... keep this up...” cried the hideous pink bat in-between pained gasps for air.
“I think you’d better. If you know what’s good for you that is.”
We dipped a little in the air but held that altitude for a couple more minutes, before we began a steady decline. Why do I bother surrounding myself with useless dolts? One of them is still frozen in that ridiculous pose, while the other can barely maintain his flight! Come on! We’ve only been flying like this for just over a day non-stop, but was it so foolish of me to believe we could continue for at least a week?
Suddenly Maki’s wings stopped their flapping.
“What do you think you’re doing?” I hissed loudly into his sensitive ears. There was no response. “Maki! You pull up right now or so help me!”
It was no use. My threats of pain and suffering were no longer reaching him. Has he really fallen unconscious after such a light amount of exercise? I’ll have to put him on a diet. I think a little starvation should do the trick.
We fell out of the sky at a rapid rate but thanks to Maki’s still spread out wings, we were able to avoid a complete nosedive. The treetops of the forest below were obliterated the moment they so much as scraped Maki’s tough underside, and as our descent hastened, entire trunks were being blown apart.
I stood up straight on my homunculus’ back and waited, for this was going to be a wonderful display elegance. The moment before impact, I gracefully leapt off, performing a slight backflip, and landed daintily on my feet. Maki’s body ploughed through the earth, sending out waves of dirt to either side and uprooting any trees caught in his path; it was about as graceful as a drunkard trying to dance. Meanwhile, Rain was thrown completely free of his ride and into the dense shrubbery, where he disappeared from sight.
“What a pain.” I sighed while making my way over to where Maki’s corpse was going to be found later.
The forest was eerily quiet, so much so it was making me a little homesick. My forest is much like this one, the way how nothing but humans dare to step within its boundaries. The reason why is fairly simple, yet it’s somehow beyond the grasp of human logic. The animals, unlike us, have this mysterious connection to nature, a connection we traded for evolution and intelligence. We cannot perceive danger as they can, which is why this forest is devoid of all wildlife.
Only the profoundly stupid would attribute this lack of life to Maki’s loud descent. The real reason was obviously because of me, even an idiot should be able to see that much. It was because of the threat I posed that not even a single chirp could be heard. Though, that being said, I did have this weird feeling of something dark prowling around beyond my sight. Well, so long as it doesn’t approach me, it’s no concern of mine.
I walked past Maki’s still body and waded through all bushes to where Rain was. This god slaying business was going to be troubling. For one thing, I didn’t have a clue where to start looking for it! Not to mention I had no idea what it looked like or even its name! The only thing I actually knew was that it was the Fallen God of Murder and Hatred, and that it used dimensional magic, but that wasn’t nearly enough. I’m going to need more information, and as it happens, there’s someone right here that can help me with that.
You know, even though I don’t believe in this sort of nonsense, I can’t help but feel someone’s watching over me, making things like this happen in a timely and convenient manner. Of course, with my luck they’re probably some pathetic moron sitting behind a desk all day. I know I’m just amazing and wonderful and all, but surely they’ve got better things to do with their time than spy on me every single second of the day. That being said, who wouldn’t be able to keep their eyes off me?
I knelt down next to Rain’s head and gave him a hard slap across the face. No reaction. I’d expect nothing less from a concoction of my creation. It was probably better like this anyway since I doubt he’d like what I was about to do, and I can’t have him fidgeting and convulsing with every single touch I make. I wonder if that paralytic dulls the sense of pain too. Hmm, I guess I’ll find out soon enough.
I opened Rain’s left eyelids and placed two fingers at the top of his eye socket and my thumb at the bottom. Heh, this is definitely not for the squeamish. I for one couldn’t help but grin widely, though I would have enjoyed this much more if Rain was actually conscious. Next time perhaps.
A wet squelch later, and I was holding a little soft ball in my hand. Would you look at that! His eyes are green! This is a day of discovery. I rolled it around in my hand until the part where the optic nerve used to be attached was facing up.
I’ve never actually done this before, but the theory sounds solid. As even a child could guess, it’s the brain that harbours our memories, but originally they were just images transferred through our eyes. Now, it’s my theory that those images leave an imprint of sorts somewhere in the eye, so if I can just access those...
I raised my free hand to my left eye and repeated the process of removing it, making sure to nullify any pain involved of course. I held my eye with the same delicacy a mother would when holding her infant, it was a precious thing after all. Next I forcibly pushed Rain’s eye into my empty socket, with a bit of difficulty I might add, and heard that same wet squelch as before. His eye felt a little bigger than mine, but that really shouldn’t matter much, so long as I could see the images I desired.
I blinked several times while moving my new eye around as I tried to regain some sort of comfort. I started shaking my head a little, attempting to dispel some of the sudden dizziness, when I noticed a certain cyclops starting to stir.
“Ugh, what’s going on? Where are we?” Rain mumbled as he moved about slightly. Looks like my potion has worn off already. That’s a bit disappointing. Not to mention he didn’t wake up during the procedure! “Argh! Wh-what the hell? Why does my eye hurt so much?!”
“Okay, I’ll address those questions in order. We crashed landed thanks to Maki’s incompetence, who knows where we are, and as for the final question, I’ve commandeered your eye in the pursuit of scientific discovery.”
It was at that moment when he noticed my mismatched eyes and sat up in an absolute furore, a trickle of blood falling down his cheek from the wound I’d neglected to heal.
“What are you doing?!” he roared, getting to his feet quickly but unsteadily.
“I’d be careful if I were you. There’s bound to be some slight disorientation now that you’ve only got one eye.”
“Shut up and give me my eye back!”
“Why? You’ve got no use for it anymore. What, you think you can just pop it back in and carry on like nothing happened?”
“Then fix it up! You can obviously do that much! Otherwise my eye wouldn’t be in your ugly head right now!”
Ugly? I’ve never been called that before. Can’t say I appreciate the sentiment much though.
“Listen here worm, I’m trying to do you a favour! So show a little gratitude or you can just forget it!” I snarled. “I’m trying to gather some information about this Fallen God you’ve been hunting. And to do that, I need to see what you’ve seen.”
“By looking through my eye? That’s ridiculous! Are you insane?!”
“Well, it’s just a theory for now, but I have a good feeling about this experiment. Don’t worry, I’m sure it’ll be a success.”
“My eye, for a theory?” he muttered angrily. “Give it back! Give it back now or I’ll end your life!”
“That again? How many times are you going to attempt to kill me?”
“You should talk! You poisoned me!”
“Wha? You’re still mad about that? I thought you wanted to die!”
“Not like that! I want to go out by giving it my all! Not by being tricked into drinking poison!”
“I didn’t actually trick you, if you recall correctly. You did feel energised didn’t you?”
“You told me you thought it might kill me!”
“Always picky about the details.” I sighed. “Look, would you just be quiet already? I’m trying to work right now!”
I closed my eyes and held a hand over the right side of my face.
“Just give me my eye back!” Rain demanded before I waved a hand at him. There was a loud crack as his jaw was dislocated, sending the one-eyed beast into a howling fit of pain. You have to train them right, otherwise they just become unruly.
“See through the eyes that have seen.” I muttered my incantation. “Bring the images of the past to the present. Show what needs to be shown.”
I slowly opened my eye. Nothing happened. All I could see was the same forest and the same Rain with an eye socket full of blood.
“Was that an incantation?” Rain was somehow able to say in a somewhat audible tone. He placed one hand on the side of his jaw and forcibly pushed it back in place, and with little more than a small grunt. How very disappointing. “I’ve been wondering this for a while now, but I’ve noticed you never use one before you cast your magic.”
“Hmm? Oh, an incantation makes the spell more powerful, or so others claim. But when you’re as powerful as me, the difference between using one and not is minimal. For me it’s just a waste of time, especially in the heat of battle, which isn’t a view shared by many other magic users. During those crucial few seconds it takes to utter, their entrails would already be spilled at their feet.”
“So why are you using one now?”
“Because I can take my time in this situation, and because I figured I’d better make the spell as powerful as I could.”
“Did it work?”
“Enough with the questions already! I’m trying to concentrate!”
It hadn’t worked. Not yet anyway. I turned around and began to chant the words over and over again with my eyes closed, until I ended on the seventh repetition and opened the one eye once more.
Well now, what’s this? Everything’s become a bit darker.
“I think I can see something.” I said with a small amount of excitement. “Was it night when you encountered it? Was it in a forest?”
“Yeah, it was bu-”
“Excellent!”
Good, good. That means I’m on the right track. I can’t hear any words, though that’s not surprising. If I wanted to listen to whatever was being said I should have torn off one of his ears, except I don’t think my brilliant theory applies to ears as well.
I waited and waited but the image didn’t move. I turned my head and in that instant the picture moved. I see now. Maybe they’d stopped for the night and I was actually facing the wrong way. I turned my head around and felt a surge of excitement as my eyes came to a rest on Rain. Wait, Rain? And why’s he missing an eye?
“Dammit!” I shouted, ripping out the useless eye and clenching my hand into a fist.
“No!” Rain roared. “My eye! What have you done?!”
“You mean this useless thing?” I said, presenting the gooey mush to the horrified man before me. “It was useless so I discarded it.”
The remains of his eye slowly slid off my hand and onto the ground. Rain quickly rushed over and fell to his knees, trying to scoop up whatever he could.
“What do you think you’re doing?” I couldn’t help but laugh at his feeble attempts.
“Why? Why would you do such a thing?”
“Well I thought I would be able to see what you did that night you met that god. As it turns out, my theory was incorrect. But in science, there are always bound to be a few failures in the pursuit of success!”
I narrowly avoided the same fate as the tree that was suddenly, and very neatly, bisected in two. It crashed into the ground in the same instant I landed softly several metres away, quickly returning my eye to its rightful place before training an enraged gaze on my assailant.
“Stop that nonsense.” I hissed at Rain, somewhat willing to forgive this shocking act of betrayal. “If I thought there was some other way, I would have done it!”
“I could have told you what I know!”
“Oh? And what is it that you do know?”
“What about my eye?! How are you going to fix this?!” he shouted, pointing to the freely flowing blood of his eye socket.
“Well, I can’t actually give you a new one straight away, but given a little time I may be able to cultivate you a new one. This of course, depends on your attitude towards me.” I smiled sweetly. “Now let me hear what you know.”
Rain muttered something angrily but began to explain all he knew anyway, albeit in a rough tone full of hateful rage.
“I never physically saw him that night, but he was there alright. Violet was just taken away from me in an instant and I was left in the forest alone. I searched that entire area for days, to the point of exhaustion, until Nex appeared before me and told me what had happened.”
“Violet? It’s weird that someone you respect is named after a flower. I would’ve thought she’d have a more violent name.”
“Well, she’s-”
“That wasn’t the cue for you to start talking. Now, why was she taken and not you?” I waited a moment and no reply. “Speak, fool!”
Rain grumbled something spiteful, but tried his best to keep a level tone.
“Since we’re dealing with the Fallen God of Murder and Hatred, I’d say it was because of her talents. She was always far more skilled than I was in the art of killing. I’ve never been able to beat her in a fight.”
He spoke calmly, most likely because he was fondly recalling his past love.
“Is that so?” I muttered, not particularly interested in this kind of reminiscing. “But getting back on track, surely you’ve managed to gather some sort of clues as to where this god went.”
“Of course I have!” he stated forcefully. “There have been many similar disappearances over these past years. Murderers, assassins, mercenaries, soldiers, bandits. There’s no direct link between any of them except for the fact that they’re all exceptional killers.”
Oh? My interest is certainly peaked now. They were obviously being brought together for something. Just think about it, a gathering of the most efficient killers in one place. It almost sounds like paradise. I couldn’t help but grin.
“So you’ve been tracking these disappearances I take it?” I asked, eager to learn more.
“As if that even needs a response. They started disappearing years ago, before my time in fact. Sometimes they’re gone for months. In one case someone was gone for almost a year.”
“So they’ve turned up again?”
“Only corpses. And always where they disappeared from.”
“Yes, that’s definitely dimensional magic. You can only ever return from where you entered. What about that forest? Have you returned there recently? Your lover could be dead for all you know.” I tried my very best to be delicate with my words, but I don’t think my intentions were able to reach him.
“She’s not dead!” he cried furiously. “I check the forest every couple of weeks just to make sure, but deep down in my gut I know she would never die so easily.”
“I’m sorry, geeze.” I wasn’t really. “Have you got any leads on any other abductions?”
“Only ones from a month ago. I haven’t checked for any others recently. There should actually be a small village close to Celeste-”
“It’s called Lily’s now.” I corrected quickly.
As we were leaving, I happened to pass by the burning flames of city’s former name. I felt an intense desire to change it, and so I had done. I’ve never had anything named after me before, so I was feeling incredibly proud of myself.
“Whatever. It’s only about two days away.”
“Good! Then let’s go there then. I’ll let you lead the way.”
“I would, if I knew where we are. For now let’s just get out of this forest and be done with it. We’ll worry about the rest – Wait a minute. Do you hear that?”
“What is it?” I wondered curiously.
“Hmm, I thought it might have been the pain from my eye throbbing in my ear, but I can’t hear any noises around here at all.”
“Obviously! It’s because I’m here. The animals are absolutely terrified of my presence, and rightfully so too.”
“You idiot! That’s not the reason! How on earth did you manage to land us in this fragment of hell? This place is more than week’s journey from Celeste-”
“It’s called Lily’s.” I hissed. “And what are you going on about now?”
“The wildlife, it’s quiet in here not because of you, but because of-”
I heard it in that moment. That incredibly low roar that shook my bones with its raw power. It wasn’t a human voice, that much I knew. I wonder what kind of animal could have made that sound? Something higher on the food chain would be my guess.
“Gyah!” suddenly cried an unfamiliar voice, approaching from within the depths of the forest. “Somebody help me!”
“Who, and what, is that?”
“I know where we are now.” Rain muttered as he readied his massive blade. “We’re in the Silent Forest.”
666

“The Forest of Silence? What’s that?” I asked, my eyes drawn to the continuous screaming.
“No, the Forest of Silence is somewhere further away. This is the Silent Forest. You can only hear one sound in this place, and once you do, it’s already too late.”
“Oh? Sounds lame.” I yawned. “So? What sound would that be?”
There it is again, a roar capable of making any living creature shiver in fear. Obviously I was immune to the effects, but Rain was apparently unaffected too. I didn’t exactly take him to be a coward, but the man’s got some serious fortitude to remain as calm as he did.
“The sound of the Chimaera. Which is what that was just now.” Rain informed.
“Chimaera? I doubt that. Monsters like that simply don’t exist. Only morons and fools believe in that kind of stuff.”
“Yeah, you said the same thing about the gods and look how that turned out.”
“That’s because the very notion is ridiculous! And I still have my doubts about those gods.”
“Since they only physically appeared after your time, I guess that’s to be expected, but come on! This thing’s probably been alive longer than you! They say that these monsters have been alive since the beginning of time, or at least close to it. So how is it that you don’t believe in them?”
The truth is, I’ve never really been much of a traveller. I never strayed further than a week’s walk of my home and there was never really anything of note I came across, aside from approaching armies or the occasional assassin.
“Seeing is believing in my opinion. And I’ve never seen anything even remotely resembling a monster.”
“Well here’s your chance, now hurry up and fix up my eye. I can’t fight like this.”
“I already told you it’s impossible to replace it so quickly. The best I can do is heal the wound to take away the pain.”
Rain snarled in my direction then muttered something about it being fine.
“Good, now kneel before me.”
He did so, begrudgingly. I could have reached up to his wound, but, you know, I really couldn’t be bothered. Besides, how often do you get to see a proud warrior like him kneel before someone? It’s definitely a sight I could get used to.
I did as promised and stopped the blood from flowing, and never received any form of gratitude. What an ingrate! The things I do for him and this is what I get in return?
“Please! Someone!” cried the desperate stranger’s voice again. “Someone help me!”
“Should we help him?” Rain wondered aloud, keeping his concentration trained in the direction of the noises.
“Why? Those who cannot help themselves do not deserve any.”
“Sagely advice.” Rain commented sarcastically. “You just can’t be bothered can you?”
“Guilty.” I smiled. “However, don’t forget I’m helping you track down this god of yours.”
“Oh please, I bet you’re just doing this to satisfy your own whims. Besides, how exactly are you going to help me when I’ve been searching for over a year now?”
“Heh, that’s two for two. You’re really on the ball today.” That one-eyed glare he’s giving me, I’m not sure I like it. “People who use magic are easy to track. I just need to find a recent site they’ve used their magic, mark their energy signature and wait for them to use it again. Then I just follow the beacon.”
“That seems way too simple.”
“Yeah, I know right? I’m surprised you didn’t ask the mystically gifted for help ages ago.”
There was one drawback to this method though. It can only connect two stationery points together, it wouldn’t allow me to track a person indefinitely. And knowing that this god uses dimensional magic means teleportation must be a breeze for him. He could open a dimensional rift and disappear instantly.
I didn’t tell any of this to Rain however, he was too busy biting back the rage he felt brought on by his own idiocy. That little bit of information I was keeping secret might help alleviate some of the anger he was feeling, but I wouldn’t want that now, would I? Maybe I can push him over the edge.
“Don’t feel bad Rain.” I soothed in a mocking tone. “If you’d thought of that earlier, you might’ve slain that god, rescued your beloved and lived a merry life of murder from then on. Oh, but then you wouldn’t have met me and been beaten down so easily. Hmm, I guess you’d still have your eye too.”
That seems to have done it. Rain was now literally shaking with emotions so strong they had no labels. His teeth ground together audibly, causing me to twitch at the delightful sound. His messy hair blocked his eye from my sight, but it was extremely obvious what kind of light glowed within.
Rain suddenly started walking off into the forest without a word.
“Where are you going?” I asked, unable to draw out a respond. “Hey! Cyclops! I’m talking to you!”
“I need to kill something.” he mumbled before being consumed by the trees and bushes.
I decided to follow. I’ve never actually seen a monster before. In fact, I thought they were just a myth! It’s like all my beliefs lately have come crashing down around me! Anyway, that’s not the only reason I decided to tag along. Rain had mentioned that this beast had been alive since before my time, which also means this thing has probably been hunted for all that time and survived. Blood is most definitely going to fall. Human blood that is.
I caught up to Rain fairly quickly, despite his long strides and quick pace, when he stopped suddenly and caused me to walk straight into his back, which gained another rather furious glare. I simply ignored him and walked out in front, observing our surroundings. We’d come to a slightly less clustered area of the forest, which was probably the best we were going to do in here. Unfortunately there was no sign of the monster, but that pathetic man’s cries were certainly becoming louder.
A dull tremor shook the ground, but it was hardly anything to get worked up about. The tremors were constant but uneven, probably a four-legged beast zig-zagging around, darting after its prey. A soft light of orange illuminated the distant trees and was gone a second later. There was another and another, some of which vanished shortly after while others lingered in a stationary position. The man’s screaming drew closer and closer, as did the intensity of that orange glow.
Suddenly, the prey burst from a set of bushes in a complete panic and came full into view. He was a strange one, that much was certain, and definitely a little too fancy for my liking. He reminded me of those old, rich aristocrats that always gave me promises of great fortune, all the while begging, “Oh please just spare my life!” Ha, look, he’s even got that silly looking pipe hat, you know, the ones that look like a chimney. But instead of the usual tailcoat they always wore, this man wore an obnoxious cape complete with gold trimmings, capable of dazzling even those in the upper echelons of society.
The moment this man came into view his eyes ran over the two of us with a mix of surprise and joy, showing us a teary-eyed smile. He hadn’t stopped moving in all this time and once he’d given us a quick look over, he made a beeline straight for me. What a pity, this man has somehow escaped a gruesome end by the jaws of that beast, only to end up disintegrating in my arms. You know, I wish I could feel sorry for him, but the emotions just weren’t forming. Ah well, there’s no point forcing something that comes unnaturally.
“I’m saved! Thank the heavens!” he cried happily, diving through the air.
I greeted my passionate partner with a smile as he took of his hat with one hand and threw both his arms around my neck. Well, if he’s going to die it might as well be in the arms of this incredible beauty. I released my aura and let the corruption flow. The air became stale, the grass at my feet turned brown and withered away, and then quite the bizarre thing happened. There were no screams of horror or pain, and worst of all, his form remained solid, unchanged by my ghastly presence.
“Get the hell off me!” I shrieked, throwing the strange man to the ground where he just lay exhausted.
“Please! You have to do something about the beast that’s been chasing me!”
“I don’t suppose we have a choice, seeing as how you led it straight to us.” I spat, literally. Turning to Rain, I said, “Well? What should we do?”
“I want to kill.” he breathed, still very angry from before. Talk about a one-track mind.
“Fine, I leave it to you.” And with that I took a step back and opened up the stage for the furious warrior, with the aristocrat scrambling after me.
It was barely a moment later when I saw one of the greatest things I’ve ever seen in all my life. A hideous creature emerged, surprisingly quickly, from beyond the boundaries of our view, snorting out a terrible flame of bright fire from each of its three mouths. A lion at the front, snake for the back, and a goat in the middle; it was the unholy creature of my dreams! What was even more impressive than its appearance was how it was able to nimbly dart between any obstacle in its path, despite it being big enough to devour a human whole. Oh, how I so desperately wanted such a creature for a pet.
There was little time to marvel however, as the beast was already closing the distance between us. Rain planted his spear in the ground and drew his enormous blade, standing with it poised and ready to strike the moment the Chimaera’s head was within range. The first strike was too slow, too weak, which barely had an impact on the large beast. It pounced forward with its claws lashing out, striking Rain and throwing him into a thick tree, which completely shattered on impact.
I sat down and made myself comfortable, never taking my eyes off the assaulting beast. Rain was really struggling against this beautifully vicious thing. Honestly, I expected more of him. Look at him! Those sword strokes, while connecting, aren’t hitting their intended targets, and his skills at blocking definitely leave something to be desired. I was losing interest quickly.
“Argh! Rain! Quit playing around and finish this up already!” I yelled from my spot of safety.
“Shut up! It’s all your fault my balance is off!”
“Quit whining! Even for you this should be – Wait! Don’t tell me you need help!”
Rain roared with a greater intensity than his opponent. The Chimaera stiffened slightly, startled by the sudden cry, but was quick to resume its offensive, swiping with a bestial determination. Its claw sliced downward but met with open air as Rain spun to the side, using that momentum to swing his gigantic blade at the creature’s head, but missed the mark once again. The Chimaera still took the blow and was staggered sideways, which allowed its serpent tail to lash out with deadly accuracy. Rain moved quickly and pulled up an arm to cover his head. The snake’s bite clamped down on his armoured arm and pulled its head back sharply. As he was flung through the air, the goat’s head sent a torrent of flames out and it took everything Rain had to manoeuvre his body in such a way as to hide himself behind the broad part of his sword.
Rain’s body smashed into the ground, skipping across it like a stone over water, before he finally came to a rest among the roots of a large tree. He really looks like he’s struggling. I kind of wish I had something to eat just for this situation. That’s what normal people do right? Eat something while being entertained? Meanwhile, the aristocrat beside me seems to have regained some of his composure, as he too was watching on with interest.
Rain steadily got to his feet and removed his smouldering rags. It’s the first time I’ve seen him without those rags, and I must say, I was impressed by what I saw. He had taken on the very image of a hellish knight; there was really no other way to describe him. Armour covered every inch of his body, but was designed in a way, not so much to protect the wearer, but to deliver maximum damage to his opponent. Thin blades were attached down the length of his forearms, his gauntlets looked more like metallic claws than hands, the top of his knees both had spikes long enough to impale someone on, and his chest piece and shoulders were sharp and layered, providing him with excellent mobility.
Putting this man’s skills and armour together would definitely make him an exceptional killer. I can see why his god had their eyes on him.
“Lord Nex, give me the power to slay my foes.” Rain breathed.
Suddenly, the atmosphere completely changed.
A Case Of Food Poisoning

Up until this point the crazed lust for blood had been equal between the two, but now one aura was significantly overpowering the other. A fierce gale suddenly passed over us and covered Rain in a swirling mass of razor wind. The man himself planted his sword into the ground halfway to the hilt and closed his eye. The moment he snapped it open again, the raging winds dispersed powerfully in all directions, leaving only him untouched as he glared at his prey with a single, bright white eye.
Was this the power he’d spoken of? The power granted to him by a god? I couldn’t help but raise myself from my seat and watch with discerning curiosity. Look at that, my excitement has even given me chills! Something incredible is about to happen.
What came next was an incredible display. Rain’s cuts through the air were far too quick for the naked eye to follow, leaving behind only a deep red glint as it chased after the four-legged beast. I knew he had to be strong to wield such a heavy blade, but this newfound power he possessed made it look like it weighed about as much as a toothpick! That being said, borrowing someone else’s power is nothing to be proud of.
Rain’s body was disappearing and reappearing at irregular moments. Sometimes he’d appear to the side, at others from behind, and with every appearance he’d swing his mighty blade to splatter the ground with a thin trail of blood. Still, his attacks weren’t able to cut deep enough to deal any real damage, a problem which could most definitely be attributed to the Chimaera’s near perfect area of sight, which combined with its incredible agility allowed it to react quickly enough to avoid a fatal blow. This did little to slow Rain’s assault however.
For a while there the two appeared to be fighting on even ground, though that point of view was very unintelligent and downright moronic. Anyone could tell that Rain was gaining the upper hand in this fight. His sword cut and stabbed, he was kicking and punching, basically he was using everything at his disposal to take down the great beast. Blood was flying, shrieks and roars deafened the air; if savagery ever had a place to call home, this moment was it.
A deadly claw chased after Rain, but was crippled after a powerful backhand and an immense, bone-shattering crack. The Chimaera’s leg opened a path to its body and a second later there was a large red gash spraying blood from the exposed chest, but it didn’t end there. The snake whipped around, spewing flames from its mouth, but Rain’s gauntlet wrapped around the base of its head. He aimed the makeshift flamethrower towards the middle of the Chimaera’s body, right where the goat’s head was turning to make its own attack, and set it alight.
The creature shrieked horribly from all three of its mouths, with the goat’s voice soon disappearing for good. The lion’s head tried to turn back in order to face Rain who was still gripping the snake tightly, but it never got that chance. Rain’s wrist snapped sharply as he gruesomely tore the serpent from the rest of the Chimaera, letting it drop to the ground with a heavy, wet thud. In that same instance, Rain swung his blade in an overhead arc, splitting the lion’s head in two down the middle. It whimpered briefly and collapsed to the ground, where it didn’t even offer a death throe as it was violently sent from this life. The battle was over.
“Wonderful! Wonderful!” I cried, applauding Ol’ One-Eye as he sat down next to his prize, using the tough body to rest his head.
Now that was something worth watching! The savagery, the brutality! It had all the elements of war all rolled up into a single battle! I’m not even sure who the real monster is! It was simply magnificent!
I slowly approached the fallen creature and knelt by its side. Rain looked quite comfortable as his ragged breathing slowly calmed and the white light in his eye dimmed out and vanished. That power must have taken a heavy toll on his body. No wonder he rarely uses it. It’s not really surprising though, given that he’s borrowing a greater power than his own. He must be under quite the strain.
I returned my attention to the Chimaera’s corpse. To have survived for such a long time was a testament to this beast’s power, which only served to increase the value of Rain’s accomplishment. I don’t think I’ve ever come across something so powerful, present company (me) excluded of course. I wonder what kind of power one would attain if they were to draw its soul into their body. The results could only be positive right? My hand reached out of its own accord.
“What are you doing?” Rain asked tiredly as he tried to get to his feet.
“I want this beast’s power.”
“I see. It’s all yours.” he mumbled.
Yeah, like I needed his approval.
My hand ran along the soft fur until it came to the split in the lion’s face. I concentrated my power at that point and opened up a spiritual vacuum between us. I could feel it slipping from its body, gradually being pulled into mine. There was very little resistance, which I found a little odd, but it’s not like that’s never happened before. After a little while longer I had completely absorbed the Chimaera’s great soul and I felt...
“Incredible!” I shouted, feeling all this raw power and energy flowing through my being. “I’ve never experienced anything like this before!”
I produced a black ball of energy in my hand and flung it towards a distant tree. The ball imploded instantly, then expanded horizontally, opening up a terrible dark maw to a space never before ventured. Tremendous winds sucked in everything in the immediate vicinity, pulling in bushes, branches and even uprooting some of the long-standing trees. I only left the vacuum open for a couple of seconds before shutting the gates, but that was enough to proudly demonstrate this incredible increase in power.
“You see that?!” I asked excitedly. “Usually a single sorcerer would never be able to open that up! Not even I possessed that kind of power before! But now, now I’m capable of anything! This is simply – Ugh.”
Something suddenly felt wrong. The blood in my body felt like it was boiling, reaching temperatures higher than I was capable of sustaining. I collapsed to my knees and heaved heavily.
What was this? This has never happened before! Nothing alive has ever been able to corrupt my soul! I am the very essence of evil! Nothing is more dangerous or terrible than I!
This wasn’t good. The power of this soul is incredible, so incredible in fact that I would easily be able to deal with Brady with the same effort it would require to crush an ant! But that wouldn’t mean anything if I were to die here and now. I have to purge it, quickly.
It was tougher and more painful than I thought. I’ve never had to do this before, and I never hope to again. I shrieked out horribly, drawing odd looks from Rain as he staggered over to my side and gripped my shoulder. I shoved him away just in time as the ground where he’d been standing was painted black with a substance that proceeded to rot and melt the soil beneath.
The black tar-like liquid gushed from my mouth in-between gasps for air and heavy groans of agony. It hurt, more than anything I’ve ever experienced before, and I could feel the process significantly drain my body; I was becoming weaker. I could barely even support myself on my hands anymore!
There was no end in sight for this horrifying display as the pool of blackness spread further and further. The look alone was horrible enough, but the taste! Of all the foul creations in this world, nothing could hold a candle to how disgusting this regurgitated soul tasted. It was like a constant flow of tarish oil pouring out of my mouth. And there was so much of it too! I didn’t even have time to spit out what was already in my mouth before the next flow forced its way out!
Eventually, my vomiting came to an end. I was severely weakened, to the point where I couldn’t even pull myself up out of the black puddle. I guess the black tar didn’t have the same effect on me as it did the rest of the ground, but that was the least of my worries. My stomach was in a state of horrific agony and I couldn’t help but curl up into a small ball, shivering constantly. And then my vision started to go blurry, the corners of my eyes growing darker.
“That was unexpected.” commented the aristocrat. “But I suppose it’s for the better.”
I couldn’t even mumble a reply.
“I’m not too fond of fighting you see. I’d much rather sneak in and out without anyone noticing, which was actually the plan here today.” he said as he took off his hat and reached inside. “Obviously things didn’t go as planned, but this situation works perfectly well in my favour.”
The man slowly pulled his hand out, showing me what he held with a smirk. The shining silver chain connected to the shield-looking pendant glistened in the thin rays of moonlight piercing through the overhanging trees; my necklace.
“How?” I groaned before it suddenly hit me. “When... you hugged... me.”
“Exactly.” he smiled, turning around and beginning to walk away. “I was hired by a certain man who told me to take the utmost care around you, but I guess all that warning was for nothing.”
“Brady...”
Not good. The steadily encroaching darkness was reaching out towards the centre of my vision. I don’t know what Brady wants with that necklace, but I simply refuse to let him have it.
“Don’t know what his name was.” he continued. “I just know he wanted this, so that means it must be valuable. Now if you’ll excuse me, it’s time for me to take my leave.”
“Rain...” I muttered and the savage man once again staggered over. He looks about as drained as I felt, but at least he can still stand. “Stop... him... you... trash...”
Rain looked over at the aristocrat and slowly walked forward.
Good, I’ll leave it to you then.
Darkness.
Strange Bedfellows

My armour clattered heavily as I walked forwards, leaving Lily behind to enjoy her little nap in a puddle of her own vomit. For her to up and collapse on me like that, after all that boasting about how powerful she is... In all honesty, it was a pretty dismal display, but still very satisfying. Maybe it was for that reason I was now acting out her last request.
I usually detest being told what to do. In fact, when I was first starting out as a mercenary, I had this problem landing any real work, mostly because the people giving me the orders kept adding to the red stains on my blades. Of course, that all changed when I met Violet, but that’s not really relevant. Anyway, aside from the already mentioned reasons, I decided to do as Lily requested, not because she’d pretty much demanded me to, but because of the desperation in her voice. It’s the first time I’ve seen that pathetic, pleading look in her eyes, as if she were begging me to do her this one favour. Well, there was that and the fact that she’s for some reason decided to hunt down the Fallen God I’m after. As much as I hate to say it, I could use all the help I can get, even hers.
My gaze landed on the odd, well-groomed traveller. Well, I suppose I should be referring to him as a thief now. Regardless, I can’t believe that arrogant little wretch had the guts to just brazenly steal something before our eyes like that. Not only that, but to gloat about it immediately afterwards? All I can say is he must have a great deal of faith in his skills.
“I can’t let you take that necklace.” I called out, causing the thief to promptly turn around.
“And why would that be? Does it have a lot of sentimental value attached? You could probably buy your lady a replacement somewhere.” he said before curiously turning is fox-like eyes over to where Lily lay. “If she’s still alive that is.”
I couldn’t help but laugh.
“She’s not my lady. I can’t even imagine a person who would think of that psychotic bitch in such a way. Oh, except that weird sorcerer. He seems to have a thing for her.”
“Then why do you care so much?”
“Dunno. I don’t really care for the trinket, but my reasons don’t matter much. The only thing you need to worry about is how to survive the Rain.”
“Rain? I knew I heard that name somewhere before. You’re that unkillable mercenary right?”
“That’s what they say.” I told him, levelling my sword. “So how about it? Think you have what it takes to stop me?”
“Wow! I can’t believe I’m in the presence of a celebrity! But to use your name like that, it’s a little lame.”
The last word barely left his mouth before I dashed forward, my blade’s tip streaking straight towards the thief’s middle. This simple action forced a groan from my lips. All my muscles were screaming at me due to my earlier performance. I rarely invoke the power of Nex thanks to this drawback, well that and the fact that I never really need to. It’s going to take a couple of days before this fatigue disappears.
The thief clumsily avoided my attack by diving onto his belly, quickly scrambling to his feet a moment later and putting some distance between us. It was a little disappointing actually. Not his feeble attempt at prolonging his life (well, that too), but the fact my sword was unable to connect. Curse that bitch for doing as she pleases! Once my aim is back I’ll gladly give her the same treatment as a pin cushion!
“Hey now!” cried the thief desperately. “Can’t we talk this out? I’m not a huge fan of fighting.”
“The time for talk has passed. Return what you stole or I’ll give you the same punishment they used to give thieves in ancient times.”
He knew what I was talking about, I could see it in his eyes. He hid his panic well, but the way he looked at his hands, like his life were dependant on them, was plain as day.
“I’d rather you didn’t do that. My hands are my livelihood!” he exclaimed, waving his hands in a dazzling kind of way. “And I don’t really want to give my prize back. The way everyone’s acting makes me think it’s incredibly valuable, so I’m going to keep it for now.”
“So be it.”
And that was that.
I darted forward again, swinging my sword wide. There’s no hope of me landing a hit with some fancy technique or a strike that requires deadly precision, so the only option left was to fight like a barbarian, wildly swinging my weapon without any class or real aim.
My blade cut through the air time and again, which only served to increase its tremendous thirst for blood. My body ached with every movement, making me wish I could trade places with Lily in her unconscious state. To make things more irritating, my opponent hasn’t even thrown an attack yet! He is, however, pretty skilful at narrowly avoiding a painful and bloody end. Maybe the reason why he didn’t like fighting was because he couldn’t, but it’s not like I can let my guard down just because of that. Besides, I’ve never liked holding back.
Suddenly my target tripped over, his feet foolishly getting caught up in his elaborate cape, and he fell flat on his face. The luxurious piece of cloth came free off his shoulders and fluttered softly down over him, leaving only the bottom half of his legs exposed. Not one to miss an opportunity, I buried my sword halfway up to the hilt through his back and pinned him there like an insect. The man’s legs twitched violently for a second, then he lay still.
“Pathetic.” I spat, withdrawing my blade.
I knelt down and flipped the cape off him, immediately ducking to avoid the thin knife from plunging through my skull. My fist moved on its own and crushed the nose of the very much alive thief. He rolled away with a cry and quickly got to his feet, pressing painfully against his nose to determine the damage.
I don’t know how he did it, but this strange man had survived my sword without so much as a scratch. Strangely, there was a large tear through his cape, but not his clothes, nor was there any indication that he’d bled. There was no red stain pooling in the centre, no cut in the fancy buttoned shirt, in fact if it weren’t for the torn cape, I might’ve believed I’d hallucinated the whole thing.
“I think you broke my nose!” he cried nasally, staggering over to retrieve his cape. “Me! The Magnificent Archibald!”
“The who? Anyway, I wouldn’t have done that if you’d died when I stabbed you.”
“Like that makes it better!”
“Wait, are you crying?”
“Of course I am! You punched me in the nose!” he wept. “I told you I didn’t like fighting!”
I was finding it difficult to raise my sword against this man-baby. If this was part of his strategy, I was falling for it hard.
“Just give me the necklace and you won’t have to go through any more pain.” I warned, giving my final offer.
Picking up his cape the distraught man stroked his neatly trimmed beard and suddenly flashed a grin.
“Sorry, but I’ve got somewhere to be. My regular job starts pretty soon and I kind of want to get there on time.”
He threw his cape up, completely hiding his body from sight. I immediately threw my blade into the centre of the cloth, using up much of my remaining strength, but only the cape was collected and pinned to a tree. The thief was nowhere to be seen.
“Sorry pal! Give my best to the lady, you know, if she wakes up.” the thief yelled from behind, up high.
I spun around just in time to see a tree branch high up shake as if it had been freed of a heavy weight. Another one shook off in the distance, then I could only hear the leaves rustling as he swiftly moved further away. I managed to keep up with his pace for a little while, but with my muscles already on fire, I quickly lost him to the maze of trees.
Dammit! I didn’t give a rat’s ass about the necklace, what I couldn’t stand was the fact I’d let such a pathetic man escape! There’s no tracking him now that I’ve lost my line of sight. I couldn’t find so much as a torn leaf to indicate which way he went. It doesn’t matter though, I’ll be able to track him down eventually just by knowing his name and appearance. Plus, I now have his fancy cape in my possession. Not many people would dare possess such an obnoxious looking thing.
I made my way back to where Lily lay, after collecting my sword and the glorified curtain drape, and came across a startling scene. I immediately drew my sword and lunged forward, striking through the centre of the glowing humanoid being. My blade passed through with no resistance, dragging a thin stream of its fog-like mass along with it, which promptly reformed into its original state.
The glowing being turned around and showed me a familiar face.
“I come here to help and this is the thanks I get?” the repulsive face smiled.
“You hired the guy that did this so what do you care?”
“That was a slight miscalculation. I didn’t intend for Lily to get hurt so badly. But it’s alright now, I’m here to fix things.”
“What exactly can you do? You’re not even here are you?”
“Of course not you stupid fool.” Did everyone in their time constantly belittle those around them like this? If so, I’m glad I live in the here and now. “I’m projecting my spirit to be here, to tell you what to do next. Normally I’d just use a paper doll charm, but you’ve already been so rude as to try and cut me in half, and I really needed to say what I’ve come to say.”
“Tell me again why I should believe anything you say?”
“This will be the first time you dolt.” Brady spat, with a little too much hostility for my liking. “You need to find Marianne. She’ll be able to help Lily. But you’ll have to hurry, she’s in a bit of trouble right now.”
“Why her?”
“Because she knows her stuff, and she’s reasonably close. You’ll find her at the village Lament-Config.”
“Is that so.” I thought for a moment. “I still can’t think of a reason to trust you, so if you don’t mind, I’ll be heading off now.”
“She’s going to die if you don’t get her some help!” Brady yelled passionately, throwing an arm in Lily’s direction.
“So what? It’s not like I have any attachment to her.”
And that was the honest truth. She’s been nothing less than the greatest pain in my life, and I haven’t even known her for that long! I would be glad to cut her loose right now.
“I can help you.” Brady said after a moment of silence.
“Help with what?”
“I know who you’re looking for. I know where to find that so called God you’re hunting. Help Lily and I’ll tell you what I know.”
Tch. What am I supposed to do when he says that? I can’t let Violet rot away any longer, wherever she is. How dare this bastard dangle her like bait in front of me. Once I get the information I need I’ll be sure to cut him up nice and slow. One thing’s for sure though, I’m not going to take this man’s orders lying down.
“How do you know where he’s hiding? Tell me that and I’ll take her to Lament-Config.”
“Fair enough. Since I’ve awakened I’ve established a damn fine information network. I’ve got links to all the major powerhouses, and a number of up and comers. Nothing important happens without me knowing about it. The moment that God appears I’ll be alerted. Hell, I’ll even throw in a special service and tag him for you.”
“Tag him?”
“Yes, you lowly commoner, it means I’ll track him for you.”
Hmm, that would be pretty helpful actually. Looks like there’s nothing more to think about.
“Very well.” I grumbled. “But if you don’t hold up your end-”
“Yeah, yeah. You’ll slice and dice or whatever.” Brady’s body began to disintegrate from the bottom up. “Anyway, I’m actually in the middle of something pretty important right now, and it really requires my attention. So bye, I guess.”
And just like that he was gone.
I drew my sectional staff, collapsed it and hooked it into my belt, then walked over to where Lily lay as pale as ever. She really wasn’t looking too good, but hopefully that changes once we get to Lament-Config. Brady’s information could be really useful, but only if, unfortunately, Lily survives.
The Abominable Dr. Marianne

I’ve been here before. It was about ten or so years ago and I didn’t leave on good terms. It was just another moment in a long list of events resulting in the death my former employer because he insisted on telling me what to do. I haven’t been back since.
I finally dropped my heavy cargo, gaining a hissing growl from Maki, and bent down to examine her. She didn’t look too good. Actually, she looked significantly older than when she was awake. I wonder if that’s a side-effect to all that vomiting. Well, we’re here for the purposes of fixing her so there shouldn’t be too much to worry about.
“Hey,” I muttered to Maki, “stay here and watch her. I’ll find out what’s going on here.”
“Hurry up.” the strange creature replied, displaying a similar impatience and hostility to that of its master.
I stood up and left those two behind at the entrance to the village. It’s better if I go on alone from here.
Lament-Config was a village on the larger size, which was strange because the only signs of life I’ve seen so far are stray cats. People should be out and about right now, buying whatever useless things caught their attention. Either they’re all dead or, as I soon found out, they’d all gathered in one place for some kind of festival.
The loud chattering and shouts from the crowd quickly alerted me to the large gathering, which was at the centre of the village. The crowd formed a massive circle around a large, elevated wooden platform, upon which stood a number of important looking officials and one young, bored-looking woman. The woman had her arms behind her, probably being held there by one of the larger officials standing directly at her back. But what drew my eyes in this incredible scene was the tall guillotine in the centre, the blade of which shimmered brilliantly with the sun’s reflection.
Now that the festival had turned into an execution, I couldn’t help wondering what in the world someone could have done to draw an entire village out to witness their death.
The shouts, which I now recognised as jeers, suddenly quietened down when one of the officials raised his hands.
“You stand accused of gross medical negligence, experimenting on the people and murder.” the man read from a sheet of paper he held before him. “Marianne, how do you plead?”
“Those accusations are bogus.” the woman sighed. “I never murdered anyone. And that’s Doctor Marianne to you.”
“How do you plead?”
“Argh! Not guilty.”
The sea of faces was awash with boos and scowls. Marianne just looked on with apathy.
“Oh boo yourself! What evidence do you have against me anyway? I thought I got rid of all the incriminating stuff.”
“Yes, we weren’t able to gather any physical evidence after you blew up your office. But you neglected to do anything about the testimonies of the people involved.”
“What? What complaints do they have? I gave them exactly what they wanted!”
“I came to you for help about my boyfriend!” a woman from the audience suddenly cried.
“Ah yes, I remember you. If I recall, you loved him so much you wanted to keep him by your side forever. Your love and dedication was enough to make me cry.” Marianne said with a warm smile. “I thought I solved that problem for you.”
“You lobotomised him!”
“Of course I did! Now he won’t be able to go anywhere without you.”
“I didn’t want it like this!” The woman was now sobbing uncontrollably and the people nearby were trying their best to console her in any way they could.
“What about my brother?!” a man somewhere else in the crowd shouted angrily.
“Who?”
“My little brother Johnny! The woman he loved passed away and he was so upset that he paid you a visit!”
“Wait, was he the one that asked if he could see her one last time? Yeah I remember that. Whatever happened to the lovely couple?”
“They’re both dead!”
“What? I thought I brought that woman back to life. That’s a little disappointing.”
“What you brought back wasn’t her!” the man screamed. “The night after I saw her, she ate my brother alive! Then she went on a killing spree throughout the district! In the end we had to cut off her head because nothing else would stop her! And it’s all your fault!”
“Hey! I gave him three specific rules to abide by, one of which forbade him from showing anyone.” Marianne said calmly. “The breaking of those rules absolves me completely of any liability. It’s not my fault he couldn’t follow them.”
“I’ll kill her!” the man cried angrily as the people around tried to restrain him. “Let me go! Get your hands off me!”
“Is that all? Why am I being executed for other people’s mistakes?”
“There are dozens of cases just like them. Many of the people here in this crowd have been directly tormented by you.” the main official said accusingly. “I was going to save this for a little later, but why wait? Why don’t you explain why you poisoned the well?”
“Poisoned? I purified it for you, just as you personally requested if memory serves.”
“A hundred people died! Their insides literally melted into mush! We didn’t ask you for that! We just wanted you to make it clean and drinkable!”
There was another round of hisses and angry outcries before Marianne skilfully passed the blame.
“But I did clean it. It’s you lot that are unclean.”
“What?”
“The water purifies all it touches. You guys are so filthy that in order to properly cleanse you, the water had to remove all the unclean parts.”
Her calm indifference was something to behold, if not entirely aggravating to the audience.
Is this really the person that’s supposed to fix Lily? I’ll give her merits for accomplishing the tasks she was set, but she seems to have a problem understanding the fundamental point of the request. But if this is what Brady wants, then I can’t be held responsible for the consequences.
“Off with her head!” cried the main official and a roar of cheers exploded. “Any last words before you get the knife?”
“Yeah actually. Could I have my pipe back so I can have one last smoke? You know, before it can’t reach my lungs anymore?”
“You mean this thing?” he asked, pulling out a long, thin opium pipe. “So you can get all high and loopy just before you die? I don’t think so. I want you fully awake as the knife passes through.”
Marianne scowled but the main official paid no attention, instead he was conversing quietly with a man who’d just climbed up on the stage. Suddenly, he turned his narrowed gaze down the street in my direction. I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
“What? Is this true? Ahem! Sorry to cut into the festivities but it seems like we have a guest of honour in the crowd.”
Oh no. The numerous sounds of boots trudging around to my rear immediately told me exactly who this special guest was. Don’t tell me it’s because of that guy I murdered a while back! How long do they plan to keep that grudge?
I was swiftly surrounded by about a dozen men with spears. One foolish lapdog thought he had dominion over me and proceeded to push me from behind. When I wouldn’t move he tried grabbing my arm and dragging me, which was a grave error. I grabbed him by the forearm, lifting his hand off me, and clenched as hard as I could. The fool screamed extremely loudly as he tried to straighten up his shattered arm, which was flopping about at an unnatural angle.
Some members of the crowd fainted, others shrieked, almost all paled. My meagre action seemed to have had the appropriate effect as even the guards were edging away. That’ll teach them to try and lay a hand on me.
“Come with us and you won’t be harmed.” a gruff, but shaky, voice finally warned. I doubt even he believed he could harm me given the chance, but I decided to play along. I needed to speak with that weird doctor anyway and this seemed like the quickest way.
I was escorted through the crowd like some kind of V.I.P. until I was finally standing on the execution platform. From here I was able to see all the faces crying out for Marianne’s death, and there were a lot of them. I was also granted a closer look at all the officials up here. Most of them were just your regular, pudgy bureaucrats who wouldn’t even know which way to point a sword, but the one restraining Marianne’s arms was a little different. He was taller and more muscular than the average soldier, wearing simple leather armour and had a large sledgehammer hanging by his side. This man was obviously the executioner.
“Hand your weapons over.” I was ordered.
I ground my teeth together so hard it was audible, but handed my sword over without trouble. The man I gave it to, one of the weak bureaucrats, collapsed immediately under the weight and had to get another two men to help him drag it across the stage. I also had to relinquish my sectional staff, which was carried easily enough and placed alongside my sword. They also tried to remove my armour but gave up quickly when they couldn’t figure out how to unlatch it.
“Ha! What’s with the cape?” Marianne mocked once she noticed what was hanging off my shoulders. “You a fan of the Magnificent Archibald or something? Don’t tell me you like to dress up as him and play pretend!”
Magnificent Archibald? Those are the exact words that thief said back in the forest. So it’s a performer’s name huh? That’ll make tracking him down that much easier.
“I have a debt to settle with him.” I said simply.
“Is he the one that took your eye? You know, if you get me out of here, I can give you a new one. Free of charge!”
“Actually, I came here to get you to heal someone else.”
“Really? So what are the symp-”
“Enough talk you two!” cut in the official, before turning back to the crowd. “Today we will have two executions! Marianne and now the fugitive Rain, who’s had an outstanding warrant for his arrest for over ten years!”
Why are people suddenly cheering for my head? I bet half of these people don’t even know or care who I am!
“Why am I sentenced to death?” I asked calmly, turning my head towards the speaker.
“Why? Why?!” the man began angrily. “Because you killed the last mayor of this village!”
“Really? You guys have a mayor?”
“Yes! And that man was my father!”
“Isn’t that a little too dramatic?”
The current mayor’s words broke down into unintelligible mutterings, fractions of which I was able to decipher as angry threats or curses. I took this moment to return a gaze at Marianne. She was young, probably in her mid-twenties. Her dark hair was tied up in a way to keep it out of her face and off the shoulders of her plain long-sleeved black dress. All in all she was a very plain girl. She did have one peculiar trait, and that was the thick ribbon tied in a bow around her neck.
“Oi!” she whispered, making us lock eyes. “Get me out of here and I’ll keep my promise. I’ll even help your friend if you want.”
“Very well. Just try to stay low to the ground, I’ll take care of the rest.”
I began walking forward, much to the surprise of the guards surrounding me. I glared at the one directly in front and he started shaking so badly he almost dropped his spear. I moved past him silently and ducked quickly as a large sledgehammer brushed against the top of my hair, the momentum of which continued on to strike the guard I’d just past in the back of the head. It was such a grotesque and heavy sound that even I couldn’t help but shudder at. The guard flew through the air in a bloody spray, hitting the wooden floor with a dull thud and didn’t move again. The crowd was stunned.
Is it too much to expect them to not show any resistance while I try to retrieve my weapons? Just once I was hoping things would go smoothly.
This is way more than I bargained for. I should have just left Lily in that damn forest to wither away into nothing. I’d better get some information to help Violet out of this, or so help me.
Fear In The Darkness

There it is. My days of searching have finally born fruit. I just hope what I’m searching for is hidden away in that small bunker.
There was nothing of note in the area, just some grassy plains stretching on further than the eye could see. Of course, there was the metallic bunker randomly placed here, which was no bigger than a small house, but aside from that, nothing.
I approached the bunker at a slow, cautious pace. I had this annoying hunch as to why not even a single tree was growing in the near vicinity, and with a few more paces forward my hunch was proven correct. The ground at the corners of the bunker suddenly erupted, casting dirt into the air. It took less than a second, but the moment those round, shining metal objects popped above ground, they started firing bright white beams in my direction.
These mechanical devices, I’ve come across many of them during my short search. Apparently they don’t require anybody nearby to operate them. They seem to sense movement somehow and once they’ve detected something, they unleash some kind of powerful energy stored within. They’re dangerous creations that have no mind or soul, and, from what I can tell, their insides are just a bunch of strange metals and copper cords fused together.
My spiritual energy flowed into my limbs and I took off at a fierce pace. The beams I was busy avoiding appeared to elongate and stretch as my speed increased to incomprehensible levels. A couple of seconds later and I was standing in front of the attacking object, tearing it apart into little metal shards with my bare hands. It wasn’t long after that when all the mechanical objects were turned to scrap, and I was no longer in danger of being punched full of burning holes.
These metal objects are called “gun turrets”, or just “turrets”, I believe. They incorporate no magic whatsoever, which isn’t so strange when you learn where they come from. I don’t know all the details behind how they work, but apparently what makes them move is just regular electricity! It’s incredible really. They don’t have brains like humans do and yet they’re able to judge what’s a threat and act on it, or at least partially so.
These weapons aren’t native to this land. Before I took my three-hundred-year nap, I’d heard about a nation elsewhere in the world that had no mystical aptitude at all. Rumours and legends have it the soil of that land was cursed so anyone conceived there, regardless of genetic history, would forever be unable to cast a spell. This nation, whether out of fear or genuine curiosity, instead focused on developing their science to an extraordinary level. Interesting side note, even people like me who use magic would be unable to cast anything while on their soil, though it’s an entirely different story once we leave it. Still, if I were to cast a fireball over the territory line, it would fizzle out and die in seconds.
I used to think magic was the strongest force available in our world, but now, three hundred years later, I’m not so sure anymore. Before I launched my assault on this bunker, I’d done some research on that foreign nation and I was able to learn a couple of very interesting things. Apparently their land is surrounded by hostile nations, but not a single one has ever pulled off a successful invasion. And here’s the weird part, all those hostile nations were adept in the mystic arts. I originally thought it as strange, but after this week, facing all those machines and weapons, I’m starting to see why they struggled so hard. I think the only people capable of conquering them are those immortals who live down at the bottom of the world. Of course, they put up little resistance against me, but then again, I am just an all-round powerful genius.
I haven’t left the country yet, so how did all these powerful weapons end up here? That’s the question nobody seems to be asking. The answer is simple really, and it has a lot to do with the person I’m seeking and the people holding him captive. The organisation behind this bunker is a technologically advanced group called the Old World. As they’re nothing more than a band of inquisitive False Prophets, they’d need some pretty powerful weaponry to take out sorcerer and beast alike. I don’t particularly like the brand False Prophet (it was something stupid created by the Coven after all), but that’s what they’re known as nowadays. Anyway, in terms of research about mysticism, there are none more ruthless than they.
False Prophets are just regular people who were born without any connection to magic, but still had an interest in the area, so they created mystical objects that let them pretend to be sorcerers and the like. Unfortunately, they’re a tenacious little bunch that weren’t satisfied with their mystical objects, and so they fell into experimenting on the mystically gifted in the hopes that one day they might be able to gain powers of their own. And then their sights were set upon the Demes, which brings me back to my current objective.
The person I’ve been seeking for the past week is a being called a Demi. Now these are some scary people possessing incredible magical might capable of single-handedly destroying lands and nations. Nobody knows the reasons why they exist, but what we do know is that they were once a normal human being who somehow gained the ability to use magic, just the type False Prophets love to experiment on. They can only use one type of magic, but the amount of power they put out is far superior to that of a sorcerer; the kind of power which could prove extremely useful.
I stood before the large doors barring my entrance to the bunker. I tried pushing them, kicking them and I even knocked on the slick metallic surface, but nothing would open them. Finally, I filled my limbs with spiritual energy again and gave another kick to the doors, knocking them clean off their hinges and sent them flying into the room. A red puddle slowly pooled from underneath one of the doors, which was lying completely flat on the ground. I guess some people just don’t have any luck in this world.
I entered the room to find it completely bare. There was no sign of anyone, except for the crushed man under the door, and the furniture here was at a bare minimum. This can’t be right, can it? I thoroughly vetted the sources of all the information myself, and they all claimed the Old World held what I was looking for in here! Newt was especially adamant the information was correct, and I’m yet to receive anything even slightly incorrect from him!
I paced back and forth across the room in thought, until I noticed the pool of blood had made an unnaturally straight line along the floor. Pretty cliché to hide everything under a trapdoor, but then again, I almost didn’t notice it. Without wasting any more time, I kicked it in and jumped down the hole.
The moment my feet touched the smooth metallic floor, the air was shredded with a painfully loud siren. The normal high-tech lights illuminating the way were joined by several flashing red ones, then a number of voices shouting off in the distance joined in to complete this little circus. I’ve never been one for hiding in the shadows or going into places undetected, but if I knew it was going to be this noisy I might’ve thought this through better.
I walked over to the railing by my right and observed the situation. Looks like the walkway I was on gradually slopes downwards in a spiral, which eventually vanished into the darkness below. Clearly this place was originally a large cavern hollowed downwards through the ground, though whether it was man-made or natural, I couldn’t say. I’m guessing the person I’m looking for is right at the bottom of this spelunker’s dream cave, which means I’m going to have to wade through all these soon-to-be corpses for longer than I care to imagine, before I finally find him. Or, better yet -
I leaped over the railing and enjoyed the freefall in the form of an adrenaline induced scream. The wind ravaged my hair and robes, making me feel like I could be torn apart at any moment, but I’d happily take the risk if it meant I didn’t have to walk anymore.
I reached into the breast of my robe and pulled out a folded paper bird, which I then poured some spiritual energy into and cast out below me. The bird glowed brightly, bright enough for me to have to cover my eyes, and expanded to a size which I could stand on comfortably. The bird’s wings of light flapped gracefully as our descent slowed a little and we continued to drop just like that.
The shouting continued to follow me down the pit and was quickly joined by more beams of light, this time from some kind of hand-held rifle. I don’t like these weapons. All you do is point it in front of you, pull the trigger and watch the object before you melt away. There’s no class or skill to operating it. And it makes killing all too easy, which in turn makes it extremely dangerous. Any regular Joe could pick one up and unleash hell as he sees fit, which is exactly what these scientists and researchers are doing right now.
The beams were barely missing me, firing just over my head in fact, but it was only a matter of time before they corrected their aim. I acted before that happened. Reaching into my robe again, I pulled out a number of folded birds between my fingers. Giving them the same treatment as I’d done to the one I’m standing on, I threw them towards the fools firing at me. The birds took on a life of their own and quickly shot through the bodies of the gunmen, exiting out their backs in a bloody spray. My enemies hit the floor instantly and the birds moved on to find their next prey.
It went on like this for quite some time and I was really starting to get bored. I could’ve made things interesting by casting some long-range magic, but decided against it. Not because I couldn’t, because I can, I just choose not to, okay? No, I figured I’d just save my energy in case I needed to bring that prisoner down below under my control.
My birds continued wreaking havoc across the walkways as I floated down, and before long I was able to see the bottom floor. I finally dropped off my ride, and the moment I hit the floor I darted towards the three men standing guard by the only door on this level. I skilfully dodged the searing beams, which immediately destroyed the large bird, and forced an open palm into the chest of the closest man. His back exploded outwards with blood and gore before he crumpled to the floor and I moved on to my next target. Again I dodged out of the path of the rapidly firing beams, striking my next opponent with a sharp slap to the jaw, which left his skull and slammed into the remaining man’s face, buying me that extra second I needed. Without missing a beat, I moved towards the last man standing and swept him up with a kick to the chest, shooting him into the wall where he exploded on impact.
It was finally over, for the moment anyway. Now all I had to do was convince this prisoner to join my ranks and that’d be that. I just hope it goes smoothly.
I approached the solid metal door and placed my hand on the handle, yanking it outward as hard as I could until it came free of its hinges and fell to the floor with a loud crash. I peered inside to find a single, elderly man sitting on a small wooden bench, wearing a straitjacket, a tight hood over his eyes and several shackles around his legs and feet. If this isn’t called hitting the jackpot, then I don’t know what is!
“Who’s this? You’re not one of the usual scientists here are you?” the man asked curiously.
“That’s correct. I’m here to free you.”
“I don’t suppose this will be free of charge now will it?”
“Unfortunately, no.” I told him truthfully. “But I won’t ask for much. I just need your help with a couple of things. Of course, I’ll help free the rest of your family as well in exchange.”
“So they’re still alive.” the old man said with an air of comfort. “When you put it like that, I guess I don’t have much of a choice really. You’re a shrewd little character, aren’t you?”
“Guilty. It was the only way I knew I could get you on board with my plans. I don’t particularly like having to coerce people into doing my bidding, but recent times have forced me to do this. Damn that thief for going back on his word.” I muttered.
“What was that?”
“Oh, nothing. Just know that I have no intention of harming you or your family, I just want you to play along with me for now. After that, you’ll be free to do whatever you desire.”
There was silence for a little while as the old man thought it over.
“Very well, I’ll accept. Though you’ll have to put the same question to my siblings when you meet them.” he told me plainly. “Some of them might not want to go along with you.”
“Well, I’ll deal with that when the time comes.” I replied. “Anyway, what should I be calling you?”
“Fear.”
Odd name, but alright.
“So then Fear,” I said as I snapped my fingers, his restraints unlocking instantly, “shall we leave this miserable place?”
“With pleasure.” he answered. “Oh, wait a minute. I can feel people moving around out there.”
“Feel people? What’re you talking about?”
“Well, their anxiety to be more specific. They’re worried about all the bodies lying out there.”
“Is that so?” I mumbled, moving towards the entrance.
“Wait one moment, if you would. It’s been a while since I’ve flexed my muscles, physical or otherwise.”
I did as was requested and let Fear walk out of the room by himself. There were shouts to “stop moving” and “hands where we can see them”, but they soon changed, drastically. From what I could make out, there were about five men outside the door, all of them now screaming incoherently at something I wasn’t privy to. Not wanting to miss this opportunity, I quickly left the room but only to find all five of men screaming at some unseen horror. Some of their bodies had ceased to function, while others were scrambling and crawling away in desperation. I didn’t understand.
“Know fear.” the old man muttered, and almost all at once the five men gripped their chest just over their hearts, falling dead on the spot.
“What was that?” I wondered aloud, looking around the room to find the cause of the attack.
“That was fear.” I was informed. “Their hearts exploded because they were beating so fast.”
“Yeah, but how? I didn’t see anything.”
“It doesn’t matter what you saw, just that they all experienced what fear really is.”
Oh great, looks like I’ve just paired up with one annoyingly cryptic fellow. Well, if he was able to take down those five men without raising a finger, I suppose that kind of makes up for it.
“Now,” Fear started, “shall we go find the rest of my family? It’s been years since I last saw them.”
“Alright. But just so you know, they’re a fair distance away.”
The old man said nothing, but I could tell he was over the moon. Well, here’s hoping it all goes well, though with this Demi accompanying me, I can’t see how it won’t.
Public Enemies

Despite the size and weight of the hammer, the speed and finesse employed by its handler was remarkable. Even with this damn armour on it’s very possible a single strike would shatter any of my bones.
I mustn’t have been paying attention in my original observations about this man, which, for a warrior like me, was pretty disappointing. His arms were muscular, probably due to a daily dose of heavy lifting, but the rest of his body was round, like he was well fed and enjoyed a couple of drinks every night. This, coupled with his unsympathetic eyes and the blotches of dried blood on his leather armour, made it easy to surmise that this man’s day job was probably a butcher, or something similar at least.
As I continued to avoid the swinging hammer, waiting for the right opening to make my move, many of the other people up here began scrambling in an attempt to vacate the platform. Soon, the only ones left up here were me and my opponent, that main official guy who was apparently frozen in place, a calmly observing Marianne, and three guards who were timidly pointing their spears at my back, not really sure of what else they should be doing.
I have to say, it’s been a long time since I’ve fought barehanded. I haven’t been forced into a situation like this for a number of years, the last time probably being when I was overpowered by Violet. Heh, even then she fought me fair and square, discarding her little dagger and still beating me to a pulp.
Ah, how nostalgic. I couldn’t help but let slip a smile, a smile that I’ve been told on a number of occasions is way too creepy to ever be shown in this world. Sadly, what they say must be true because the executioner, in mid-swing, visibly flinched and shook all over. It hurt a little to receive a reaction like that, but I couldn’t waste time thinking about it now, not when the perfect opportunity had presented itself before me.
I darted past the man’s defences and launched an uppercut into his jaw, hearing that grating sound of teeth shattering which held the power to make anyone squirm. The executioner staggered backwards in a daze, shaking his head from side to side and spitting out mouthfuls of blood and teeth fragments. I moved in with my fist again and hit him just below his chest. He reflexively tried to suck in some air, but with his mouth already full of blood, no air made it down into his lungs. It wasn’t long after that that he collapsed to his knees, then on his side, desperately choking, heaving and clawing at the floor for relief. And then, he lay still.
Hmm, that’s not a way I’d like to go. Drowning just doesn’t sit well with me as a warrior. I’d rather be impaled a thousand times over than go through that, though with this armour on the only way for me to bite it would be decapitation. Well, at least I’ll get to go out in a bloody spray.
The crowd was in a complete state of panic and chaos, with many of them screaming in terror at the unexpected proceedings. I don’t know why they were panicking so much at this, you’d think they’d never seen someone killed before! I mean, they all came here expecting to witness someone getting executed right? They got what they wanted, only it wasn’t the person they’d been expecting.
I slowly walked to where my weapons lay and retrieved them without a word. I then approached Marianne who was just sort of looking at the dead man with an air of indifference.
“Shouldn’t you try to help him?” I asked over the screaming crowd.
“Can’t help a dead man.” she mumbled as she rolled her head to one side.
“Still, you’re a doctor right? Aren’t you supposed to do everything you can to save a life?”
“First off, I’m a witch doctor. I specialise in supernatural ailments, curses, those kinds of things. Secondly, there’d be no point in helping him even if he could be saved. I doubt he could afford the treatment.”
“Well, so long as you can cure my associate.” I mumbled, not really willing to think too deeply about her ethical code.
“Enough of this!” the main official suddenly cried, drowning out the roars of outrage from the crowd. “Guards! Get up here and do something about this!”
Reluctant as they were, the guards once again gathered on the platform to bar our exit.
“My word is my promise.” Marianne told me. “I’ll fix your friend up and make you a new eye, just so long as you get me outta this place.”
“I can help you with these pathetic guards, but I won’t be able to cut you a path through all them.” I replied, looking to the surrounding crowd of angry faces.
“Well then, get me my pipe back and I’ll do somethin’ about them.”
“Your pipe?”
“Yeah, the mayor’s holdin’ onto it for me.” she said, pointing over at the furious looking main official.
“Very well, it’s a deal then.” And with that I slowly approached the row of guards who were cautiously edging backwards.
“You cowards!” the mayor yelled. “He’s just one man! You should be able to get him if you attack all at once!”
“Well boys, it seems like today is bargain day.” I said with a smile which paled many faces. “You all know who I am. For those that don’t, I’m Rain the Wanderer, Disciple of Nex! Today I give you a choice I’ve never given before. You can either leave my sight now and live another day, or you can face me and meet Anima and Vita before you draw your next breath. Make your choice quickly though, it’s been a number of days since my blades have fed.”
They acted pretty much on instinct. One man immediately threw down his spear and jumped into the crowd, which prompted another two to disappear, then the rest sort of just followed like lemmings. The mayor stood there dumbfounded for a moment, unable to express his rage at the cowardly guards, but then immediately shrunk away when I began to approach.
“Y-you wouldn’t kill me, would you?” the mayor asked nervously. “If you do, this entire land will come after you!”
“Oh? You’re sounding pretty smug for a dead man. Nobody’s going to care if I kill you! They’ll just say it was the work of Nex! Besides, I’ve killed loads of people before and I’m still welcome in almost all places because of my skills.” The mayor paled significantly as I took another step forward. “Now, I believe you have something that belongs to the good doctor.”
The mayor’s hand unconsciously moved towards his breast pocket. Wow, I bet this guy plays it real cool in a game of cards.
“Give it here chump.” Marianne demanded as she walked over to my side.
“You... You’ve been nothing but a pain since you came to our village! I shouldn’t have to -”
“Gimme my pipe back already would ya!”
“Do as the lady says.” I said sternly, to which he quickly complied. “Good. Now get the hell out of here.”
The mayor quickly scampered off to go hide in whichever hole he’d come from. Now it was only Marianne and myself left up on the platform, well, the only ones alive anyway. Yes, it was just us now, left to wallow in the boos and outrage of the thousands surrounding us.
“Oi, you gotta light?” Marianne asked, putting the pipe in her mouth.
“No, I don’t. But can I ask, what’s with the accent? You weren’t talking like that before but now it’s steadily becoming more and more prominent.”
“Oh this’ just how I normally speak.” she said, patting around her body for something to light her pipe. “I’m from way down south, as ya’ve probably already guessed. But when I’m at work I use a different mannerism. It’s more professional, ya know?”
“I see.” It makes sense, I guess. Even I have to maintain a certain professionalism when I meet a new client, otherwise I’d probably end up killing them right there on the spot.
“Yea- Ah!” she suddenly exclaimed, pulling out a flimsy box of matches and quickly lighting the end of her pipe. She sucked in through her pipe and sighed with relief. “There we go. Oh, by the way, how long can ya hold ya breath for?”
“Why?” I asked, but my question was too late.
Marianne breathed out a disproportionately large quantity of purplish smoke. I immediately stopped my breathing and watched as the purple smoke expanded in all directions, completely covering the two of us and seeping out across the members of the crowd.
As per group mentality, it all began with a single person. This single human being began to freak right out, which then spread across the masses like it were the plague. I could understand their initial response, that purple smoke did look like a form of deadly gas after all, but as the seconds ticked by their responses became a little different, a little more intense. Actually, their reactions were quite extreme for them to be fearful of some poisonous cloud.
“It’s a hallucinogenic agent.” Marianne commented as she added more purple smoke to the cloud. “Right now they’re seein’ things they simply can’t understand. Enough about that though, let’s get movin’!”
Marianne ran across the stage and dove into the crowd, with me tailing right on her heels. This wasn’t going to be easy. My lungs were already burning, having been unable fill them up completely before Marianne released the smoke. I don’t know how long I can hold my breath like this for, especially while trying to push my way through this crazed crowd.
“Keep goin’, we’re almost out of the affected area.” I heard her shout over the countless maddening screams.
I really hope that’s true because I’m just about at my limit here. Fortunately, it was and I was soon gasping down breaths of much needed fresh air. Those people behind us were not so lucky however, and were still just a mass of screaming voices.
“How long are they going to be like that for?” I asked, not really out of concern as just plain old curiosity.
“Hmm? Oh, they’ll be fine in a coupla days. More importantly, I need to make a stop at my office before we go any further.”
“Huh? Didn’t that guy back there say you blew up your office?”
“Heh, yeah, I did do that, but that was just a cover. I couldn’t have them gettin’ their hands on all my valuables.”
“So you hid them somewhere I take it?”
“Yep, it should only take me a minute to get what I need, then we can be on our way. In the meantime, why don’t ya tell me what’s wrong with ya friend?” Marianne asked as we casually strolled down the street.
“Well, where to begin!” I can’t believe there was a person who would actually listen to my tale of woe! “She’s bossy, spiteful, has the shortest temper I’ve ever seen and when she goes off it’s actually scary, plus her head’s full of delusions about how powerful and old she is! Oh! And then there’s the fact that she won’t stop experimenting on me!” I breathed out a heavy sigh. “Wow, it feels kind of good to let it all out like that.”
“I’m happy to hear that since part of my job is listening to my patient’s problems. But what I was actually askin’ about was why ya friend needs my help.”
“Oh, right. Well, apparently she absorbs others’ souls to increase her power. She tried to do it to the Chimaera beast, but a short while later she started vomiting heaps of this black, sludge-like liquid. It was pretty disgusting.”
“Hmm, I’ve got a picture of what’s happenin’. And how’s she doin’ now?”
“She’s unconscious. Has been since she puked all over the ground, and herself.”
“Yep, sounds like a classic case of soul poisonin’. Who in their right mind would try to absorb an ancient beast’s soul?”
“Yeah, that’s exactly my point. I don’t know what was going through her mind.” I sighed. “Anyway, can you fix her?” Thud. “Hey, are you listening?”
I turned around to find Marianne slumped forward on the ground, the shaft of an arrow sticking out of the centre of her back.
“I did it!” cried an intense, familiar voice. “Now she won’t be a problem for anyone else!”
“What have you done?!” I roared, darting at full speed to the man with his crossbow still drawn. “I didn’t kill you before because I thought you weren’t ready to die! But those who are prepared to kill, must be prepared to be killed!”
“N-no! Wait!”
A few seconds later and I reached the pitiful man. My blade moved as an extension of my own body, passing through him diagonally from his shoulder to his waist. He collapsed in a red spray where he lay still in two pieces, never to move again.
“Like father like son huh?” I mumbled, turning my back to the mayor’s corpse and approaching Marianne’s twitching body.
“Ugh, and we were so close.” she mumbled, rolling her head from side to side in order to find me.
“Don’t tell me you’re going to kick the bucket already? I still need you to fix my acquaintance.”
“No, I’m not gonna die from a mere flesh wound, though the arrow does appear to have pierced my spinal cord. You’re going to have to carry me back to my office.”
“I really don’t have time to be looking after another invalid, so if this is how it’s going to be from now on, I’m just going to go.”
“Ah c’mon, don’t be like that! Just get me to my office and it’ll take less than a minute to fix me up.”
“Fine, make it quick though.”
I picked her up in my arms and carried her from the scene without another word. I really hope all this effort is worth it. If Brady doesn’t come through on his word after all this, I’ll show everyone just how terrible a disciple of violence and death can be.
Just like she’d said, Marianne’s burned out office was actually pretty close, and we were soon standing inside the blackened building. I was instructed to lay the small woman down on one of the scorched tables, which I did immediately.
“Good, now pop the tile in the corner there.” Marianne told me, nodding in the direction I was supposed to be searching in. “Do it carefully though, that doll’s very precious to me.”
I knocked out the tile and quickly caught the little star-shaped straw item that fell softly into my hands, but let the thick book slam heavily into the ground. Actually, on closer inspection of the straw item, it vaguely resembled a person’s body.
“What is this thing?” I asked, holding the doll roughly by the head, I think.
“Careful with that! I just told ya it’s very precious to me! Now turn it around so I can see its back.” I did as she said and flipped it over, noticing there were a couple of bent strands of straws. “I see, it’s not as bad as I thought. Just push those strands back into place with the others and I should be right as, well, you.”
“Funny.” I sighed unenthusiastically.
Again I followed her instructions and pushed down on the straw doll’s back. I heard an audible crack come from Marianne’s body, which convulsed in the very same instant. She sat up, did a light stretch and smiled brightly with her tired looking eyes.
“Alright, now that that’s sorted, I’m afraid I’ve got some bad news.” she said in a very serious, professional tone, one she would use if she were talking to a patient with a terminal illness.
“What is it now? I’ve done all you’ve asked so get to the healing already.”
“I’m afraid it’s not that simple. You see this office we’re standing in? All my medical supplies were stored in here, so when I blew up my office...”
“Everything blew up along with it.” I sighed. “Great, that’s just great! You didn’t think to tell me all this before you brought me here?”
“I thought it was pretty obvious really. I mean, you heard them say I destroyed my office. Besides, I can still help your friend. Soul poisoning isn’t exactly common but it’s fairly simple to cure, so long as I can get the ingredients.”
“And how long will that take?”
“Until I can get them? Well most of them are fairly simple to obtain, any old town should have them. There’s just one item, a flower actually, that might prove to be a bit difficult.”
“Of course it would.” I groaned. “Why would anything in this life be easy?” It kind of feels like some bored fool is trying to prolong my suffering as much as possible, like I’m being specifically guided through this misery for the sake of someone’s entertainment. “So where’s this flower supposed to be?”
She took a moment to think it all over, probably deciding on whether or not to tell me. Finally, with a resigned look, she gave me the worst possible answer.
“You ever heard of ‘the Garden of Sinners’?”
“You’re kidding right?” I breathed in agitation. “When you said difficult, I thought you just meant we’d have to raid some castle’s apothecary! I didn’t think you meant impossible!”
“That place is the only place where I know for sure this particular flower is capable of living!”
“But the place is impossible to get into isn’t it? The only way in is through the gates, but they only ever open when the Keeper comes and goes, and no one knows when that is.”
“Yeah, and that’s why we’ll need some help.” she said calmly while turning her eyes to the cloth draped over my shoulders.
“You don’t mean-”
“Yep! Don’t worry though, he’s an old friend and I’ll make sure he settles whatever debt is owed.”
I doubt she’ll let me eviscerate the smug bastard, but we’ll see how it goes.
A Tale Of Two Lovers

“Follow my finger.” Marianne said as she waved one back and forth across my new set of eyes. Well, they’re not technically “new” since they’re second hand, but for me they’re new and I couldn’t be happier. Actually, I could be happier if I had my eyes back, but for now I’ll just have to settle for the good doctor’s set.
I blinked Marianne’s eyes back at her and followed her finger with ease, feeling no pain whatsoever. I was sceptical at first, but she actually seems to know what she’s doing. I mean, with all those complaints I’d heard at her execution, anyone would think she’s a hack! I’m glad I was wrong about her.
“Well, the operation seems like a success.” Marianne said in satisfaction.
“It would appear so.” I mumbled, blinking again just to make sure. “Look, I appreciate you fixing my eye for me Marianne.”
“Since we’re gonna be travellin’ together, just call me Mary. As for your eye, it’ll take a little time to make.” She already told me this, but Mary had decided to take my remaining eye and put it in her skull so she’d be able to duplicate it organically. She tried to explain the process to me, but I didn’t really understand it much. I’m better at taking things apart, not putting them back together. “Oh, do you have an eyepatch or something? I should really cover this cavity up to avoid dust and grit getting in there.”
“No, I – wait, hang on a minute.” I tore a lengthy piece of fabric off my cape and handed it over to her. “Will this do?”
“Yes, that’ll do nicely.” she said, tying the fabric diagonally over her head. “I still don’t understand why this woman took your eye.”
“She wanted to see my memories. Because my eyes had seen it already -”
“She thought she might be able to see the memories through it?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, it’s a unique way of thinkin’, I’ll give her that. Some of the greatest discoveries have come from that mode of thought. It’s totally wrong though. As even children can guess, memories are stored inside the brain.”
“She probably knew that too. I bet she did it just to spite me.” I growled, looking at the unconscious bitch with contempt.
“Incorrect.” the foul little creature interjected. “Mistress wouldn’t do something to spite you.”
“Of course she would! All her actions are designed to spite me!”
“No they’re not.” Maki hissed viciously. “Mistress doesn’t care enough about you to spite you!”
Well, when he puts it like that, it makes me even angrier! The worst part is, I know it’s probably true!
“My, ya certainly are an interestin’ creature.” Mary commented as she moved in closer to examine the little fiend. “No muscle or skeletal systems, no respiratory or digestive ones either. Marvellous! There don’t appear to be any organs whatsoever! Just how are ya alive little thing?”
“My name’s not ‘little thing’! It’s Maki!”
“Really? Where’s that name come from?”
“Mistress gave me that name in honour of her favourite book! It was called ‘The Prince’ or it was about a prince, I forget which.”
“Ya forget? Isn’t it somethin’ ya should cherish forever?” Mary asked with a little twirl, her tired eye dazzling.
“I dunno.” I muttered. “Names aren’t that important.”
“Of course they are! It’s a wonderful sign of love from ya parents!”
“Well my parents only ever called me ‘Hey’, ‘You’ or ‘Boy’. I don’t think my parents ever loved me that much. Of course, I could have gathered that from all the beat-”
“I cherish my name!” Maki exclaimed joyfully. “I’m extremely humbled and honoured to be given a name that means so much to mistress. But I can’t read, so I don’t know what the story’s about.”
“Well I’m sure she loves her son very much if she’d name ya after her favourite book.”
“I’m not her son! And her name isn’t ‘she’, it’s Crimson Lily! The greatest, most evil witch to ever walk the land!”
“Why do ya say that? That ya not her son?”
“I would never disgrace mistress by presuming to be something so noble!”
“He’s a homunculus Mary.” I informed her. “She created him to use as a servant.”
“Oh, I see. Yes, that makes a lot more sense.” Mary nodded. “I have to say though, I’ve never seen a successful homunculus before. Your mistress must be a brilliant sorceress.”
“My mistress is a witch, not a sorceress!” What is with this thing’s hostile attitude? And I’ve been pronouncing it bitch this entire time! Wasn’t that correct? “And of course she’s brilliant! No one even comes close to her in terms of power! My mistress is the -”
“She’s not that great.” I cut in plainly. “I’m mean, look at her. She can’t do a thing right now, and it’s all thanks to her own stupidity.”
“How dare you!” Maki screeched at the top of his lungs. “Take that back this instant!”
“Or what?”
There was no pause before Maki launched his attack. He darted at my head surprisingly quick for a tiny bunny, but even more surprising was the sharpness his little woollen claws possessed. Five thin, but deep, scratches appeared on my cheek, serving only to anger me greatly.
“You little rodent!” I growled, kicking the smug creature, who just grinned back at me.
I pressed a hand to the wound, now trickling a small amount of blood down the side of my face, and hissed. It kind of stung.
“Want me to take a look at it?” Mary asked politely, to which I shook my head. “Too bad ya armour doesn’t cover ya head.”
“Yeah, I lost the helmet a long time ago.”
“And about that. I don’t think my eye would deceive me, but is that armour really fused to ya bones?”
“Ah, that. Yeah, it is.” I sighed. “It’s just another blunder of my youth. It happened quite a while ago. Sometimes I forget it’s even armour! It all happened when I was sent to eliminate a group of -”
“Who cares about that?!” Maki yelled as he floated through the air above Lily. “You said you could help mistress, so do it already!”
“Oh, of course. My apologies.” Mary bowed before kneeling down beside her newest patient. “Okay. So there are no other symptoms besides being unconscious?”
“And the vomiting thing.” I said, turning my gaze down to Lily. Yep, there she was, the biggest burden in my life right now just lying there as peacefully as they come, though she did look significantly older than when I’d left her. She looked to be in her mid-forties right now, and I don’t think her rapid ageing was going to stop there. “Actually, she looks like she’s getting older too.”
“I see. It’s rare, but I’ve heard some people are able to mask their age with magic. Do you know how old she is? It’ll give me an idea of how far along the illness is.”
“I don’t know for sure. The last time she mentioned her age, she said she was ten thousand years old.”
“What? That’s impossible!”
“That’s what I thought too, but that’s what she claimed.” I murmured, turning to Maki. “What about you? Do you know how long it’s been?”
“No. There was no point in keeping track since mistress will live on for all eternity, swimming in the glory of -”
“Ugh, forget I asked.”
“At any rate,” Mary cut in, “I think it would be best to put her in a temporary state of stasis. Of course, this won’t counter the effects completely, but hopefully it will just slow them down long enough to find the flower I need.”
“And about that.” I began. “Are you sure there’s no other way to obtain the plant?”
“It’s the only one I know of that exists for sure. I didn’t even have one before my office was blown up.”
“Really?” I sighed. “It’s just, I’ve never heard of anyone ever who’s broken into the Garden of Sinners, but I’ve heard about what happens when people come across the Keeper, which is weird because there’ve supposedly been no survivors.”
“Ah yes, I’ve heard that too, but he only kills out of desperation and a fierce sense of loyalty.”
“What do you mean? Why’s he so loyal to a bunch of plants?”
“It’s not the plants he’s loyal to. There’s something else in that garden that he’s so determined to protect.”
“And what would that be?”
“Have you never heard his story? What he’s trying to protect in there is the woman he loves!” Mary started with a glistening eye, clasping her hands together. Her professional tone, as she calls it, had taken hold of her voice. “When he was just a young man, almost all of his family was killed in an event known as the Beast Parade. I’m sure you’ve heard of it.”
I had in fact. It was something that apparently only ever happened once every four or five hundred years, but it was devastating when they came. Monsters, animals and creatures of all types would come together and march across the land, destroying and devouring everything in their path. No one knows the reason why they were drawn together or where they were headed, but when they came, it was worse than any natural disaster. Of course, it’s been about a thousand years since an event like that was last recorded, so most people just think of it as a myth. Still, if it were true, what a time it would’ve been to be alive!
“So the man known now as the Keeper somehow survived the Beast Parade.” Mary continued. “Because this was an unparalleled feat, the King at the time offered him a job as the Princess’ bodyguard. He accepted it, but little did the King know, the Keeper had an ulterior motive hidden away. See, the reason why most of the Keeper’s family died was because the King had ordered his army to stay and protect the castle, leaving all the farmers and such to their fates at the claws and fangs of the beasts.”
“So what, he tried to assassinate the King?” I asked, somehow becoming interested in this story.
“No, see, the Keeper had lost all his family except for his younger sister and brother, so he wanted to make the King suffer as he had done.”
“Ah, so he targeted the Princess instead.”
“Exactly!” Tears were now rolling down the side of Mary’s cheek. A bit of an overreaction but I guess she must really like this story. “But he couldn’t go through with it. He approached her on the first night in her room, with his knife in hand, but before he could execute his plan, he noticed the poor girl was crying. She was just sitting there looking out the window, out to the destroyed lands drowning in moonlight, just crying. At first he thought the tears were for herself, for she had seen what he held in his hand, but no. Her tears were for all those within the borders of the Kingdom, the ones that had perished and lost loved ones because her father had refused to send out his army.”
Mary wiped away her tears and looked up with a loving smile. I think I might have underestimated the degree to which she likes this story. She was a passionate one, I’ll give her that, but it’s just a story after all. I doubt there’s much truth to it. The Keeper I’ve heard of is a ruthless, cold-blooded murderer who ends the life of any that come even remotely close to the Garden of Sinners.
“And now we get to the part where the garden receives its name.” Mary started again after she took a brief moment to collect herself. “After seeing how pure and noble the Princess really was, the Keeper vowed to protect her to the best of his ability. They spent so much time together travelling through the Kingdom, it was only natural the two would develop feelings for one another. During that time, the Princess took the Keeper to her most treasured place, a place which was the only lingering connection to her deceased mother; the garden. It was there that the two spent most of their time, and also where the two finally realised their love for each other. But then everything took a turn for the worst.
“The King decided to marry his daughter off to another nation. The land was still recovering from the Beast Parade, even years later. So feeling like she had no other choice, for the sake of her people, she agreed and set off with only her beloved to protect her. They couldn’t have known of course, just how vile the neighbouring Prince was, not until it was too late. After seeing what had been done to the woman he loved, the Keeper flew into a rage and killed the vile Prince. The two then returned home in order to collect the Keeper’s siblings.
“The Princess decided to flee with the Keeper. The King, feeling as if his daughter had betrayed him, sinned against him, took severe measures and cursed the two lovers so they might never know each other’s comfort again. The Princess was cursed to sleep inside a crystal coffin for all eternity, and the Keeper was cursed with agelessness. The only thing that keeps the Keeper going is the hope that one day he might free his beloved from her curse. And to do so, he’s perfected his skills in combat so he will survive until she finally wakes up.”
Mary’s tears had been flowing the entire time as she told the story. Her eye was full of wonder and admiration as she spoke, which even made me feel something emotionally similar, though not to that extent. That Keeper has fought a very long and hard battle, something I can empathise with somewhat. I wonder just how strong he really is though.
“That was a neat story.” I said. “You seem to know an awful lot about it though. Just how did you come into possession of such detailed information?”
“From the source.” she sniffled in reply.
“What? From the Keeper? How are you still alive?”
“He’s not the bad man ya make him out to be. He only kills out of desperation and necessity. Besides, he only came to me for information about the curse. When I asked him if I could see her, he vehemently refused. But he was willin’ to tell his story, to which I was very grateful.”
“So? Were you able to help him?”
“Unfortunately, I could only tell him what he’s been told countless times before. That in order to break the curse he needed a very long list of items. So he’s been goin’ around, slayin’ monsters and people to get what he needed.”
“Well, I may have to kill him in order to get what we need.”
“I’d prefer it didn’t come to that, but ya gotta do what ya gotta do. Anyway, he’s been alive for a very long time and he’s learnt how to survive. I’d recommend not gettin’ into a fight with him. It might be you that ends up dead.”
“If he’s the one to kill me, then so be it. He sounds like a worthy enough opponent. Anyway, we should worry about that later. Are you positive that Archibald character can get us in there? He seems, how do I say this politely, like a guy you wouldn’t trust, at all.”
“His thievin’ is a bit of problem, but ya can be sure he’ll be able to get in there somehow. I really don’t see how else we’re goin’ to get inside the barrier.”
I sighed. How did things turn out like this? All I wanted was to find Violet, and now I’ve somehow gained an evil bitch as a companion and am about to go seek out the sticky-fingered bastard who brazenly robbed us, and gloated about it, right before my eyes!
Oh Violet, I hope I can finally find you after all this.
The Magnificent Duo

“How’d you know where he’d be?” I asked, staring at the giant tent situated on the outskirts of this town.
It’s taken us three days to get here, to this large town known as Crystal Lake, though it was more like fjord than anything. In that time I was able to learn a number of things about Mary. First and foremost, she cannot be trusted with any type of task. You have to be very, very specific when requesting her services. I’m talking about telling her every single detail, no matter how small or insignificant, so the request won’t end up with disastrous results.
The second thing I learnt was that a lack of people being specific to her was the exact reason why she’d been banished from dozens of towns and cities, though she didn’t seem to be able to make that connection. Mary believes she always gives her customers exactly what they want, though she does admit to giving the charms, concoctions and procedures a slight “personal” touch.
And finally, apparently Mary is a total sucker for anything even vaguely resembling romance. If she hears a real tearjerker, she’ll provide her services for free, but as to what classifies as a tearjerker is quite broad. When I told her about Violet and why I was searching for her, she cried for the better part of a day.
“Well, like I said, he’s an old friend. Actually, we grew up in the same town together. We’ll catch up every now and again, just to see how each other’s doin’, ya know?”
“Still, you can’t know exactly where he’s going to be at any given moment can you?”
“I like to keep tabs on him, since he’s a preferred customer and all. That and his show’s actually pretty entertainin’ to watch.”
“So this guy, Archibald, what is it he does exactly?” I wondered after observing the many types of strange people dressed in even stranger clothes.
“He’s just a performer. The smoke and mirrors kind. Basically he’s an escape artist, but he does other things too.”
An escape artist huh? I wonder if that explains how he was able to avoid certain death by my blade, and also how he managed to skip away from me without a trace. He couldn’t avoid a broken nose however.
“I take it he has a show on today then.”
“Yeah and he starts pretty soon too. But we’ll be able to see him before that, or more specifically, you will.”
“What? Why? Aren’t you coming?”
“I’ve got things to do.” Mary sighed. “The ingredients needed for the elixir I’m to make aren’t exactly cheap. So I’ll need to earn some money before I get started, but I should be able to earn enough by tonight. Which leaves ya with enough time to convince Archie to join us.”
“Why do I have to convince him? We didn’t exactly part on the best of terms.”
“What happened between you two anyway? Did he try to steal somethin’ from ya?”
“He did as a matter of fact, so I broke his nose, but that was the worst I could do.”
“Ya let him live? Ya strike me as the type of guy who’d kill for much less. Oh, ah, no offence.”
“That’s alright.” I sighed. People tend to judge me based on my looks, and for good reason. “I did actually try to kill him, but for some reason I couldn’t quite seem to make it stick.”
“Yeah, he has that way about him.” she sighed. “Anyway, I best be off. Say, ya wouldn’t happen to have a piece of paper I could borrow would ya?”
“I don’t actually. But if you want I can give you some mo-”
“Mistress has paper.” the overgrown bunny quickly informed us. “In her bag.”
The reason for Maki’s size is just a minor detail. After Mary had put Lily into a state of stasis, using a very strange technique called acupuncture, we quickly realised we didn’t have the resources to carry her around with us. So we made Maki transform and put her inside him. Like I said, minor.
“Might I be able to borrow some?” Mary asked politely.
“Of course, of course.” Maki replied with a very strange and greedy smile. “I’ll just grab them for you.”
“My, isn’t that kind?” she said, turning to me with a nice smile.
“Hmm, not really.” I muttered back. “He’s going to get punished for that, aren’t you?”
“Geh, heh, heh.” the foul creature laughed disgustingly. “Yes, yes.”
Maki made a weird, retching sound as he regurgitated Lily’s bag.
“There.” Maki breathed hard. “Only mistress and I can open it though.”
Maki quickly opened the bag up and tore out a couple of pages from one of the books. Closing it again, he swallowed it whole and all the while with that sickening smile plastered over his face.
Mary took the pages and spread them out before her. As she opened the thick book she’s been carrying all this time, she plucked out a hair and gave it a sharp flick, making it as solid and sharp as a pin, which was actually the same thing she’d used to stick into Lily. After flicking through the pages of her book, each of which contained strange symbols and letters, Mary then pricked herself in the finger and began copying in blood what was written.
“What’re you doing exactly?” I asked, suddenly becoming quite curious.
“Just making some curses to sell.” she replied innocently.
“Hang on a second, I thought you were the one that cured curses.”
“I am, but half the places I visit don’t have any curses or anythin’. People aren’t gonna buy any wards or charms if there’s nothin’ to protect against!”
“So what, you curse some people or a town so they’ll buy protection from you? Isn’t that a little sleazy?”
“No, no. I sell the curses to people who use them to curse others. There’s always someone willin’ to buy what I sell, and it’s more reliable than treatin’ sick and injured people.” Mary said simply, like it was the most natural thing in the world, while she continued writing.
“Oh, but if you need mon-” I tried again but was almost immediately cut off again.
“Ya better hurry along now. Archie’s show will start soon. It’d be best if ya were to talk to him before it starts. He can be a little unreasonable after it. Oh, and don’t worry, I’ll have all the ingredients ready by the time ya get back.”
If she needed money so bad I’d be happy to give her some. Mercenary work is extremely lucrative if you’re good at it, which I am, and thanks to my skills I was able to amass a small fortune. I don’t need to spend a lot, most of my money is actually buried underneath my various safe houses, so I’d be willing help Mary out, but if they’re going to keep cutting me off like that I’d sooner just keep my mouth shut.
I sighed and turned away, leaving the two of them behind. I still don’t think it’s such a great idea for me to talk to him alone. I really don’t like him at all, and even now I can feel my fist clenching tightly. Well, I can always make him accompany us if things don’t pan out, an option I’d much rather enjoy to be honest.
I entered through a flap in the gigantic tent and marvelled at the inside. There were benches set in a ring around the centre stage that went back probably over twenty rows. Each one of those rings could seat well over a hundred people which was fairly impressive, if not completely conceited, but not as impressive as the stage itself. The stage was an elaborate wooden platform, raised slightly into the air, that held a couple of boxes, various devices and contraptions, and it was even fitted with a hangman’s noose. There was also a spinning wheel placed upright at the back of the tent with a red spiral painted on it.
I looked around for a bit until I was noticed by one of the workers. I’ve never been much for using trickery so I didn’t exactly know how this man would act when I told him I was a friend of Archibald’s. As anyone would expect, he was pretty sceptical at first. No doubt many people have tried to slip backstage like this, but when I showed him my tattered and torn cape his attitude completely changed, and I was quickly told where I might find the thief.
I exited the tent quickly and found a smaller one that matched the description I was given. I stepped inside the flaps and immediately noticed the well-groomed man sitting in front of a desk with a large mirror, delicately touching the bridge of his deeply bruised nose.
“Oh good, you’re here. Did you bring the makeup like I – Woah!” Archibald cried suddenly as he noticed me, jumping up from his chair and assuming a defensive stance. “Come back for some revenge ay? Well I ain’t goin’ out without a fight!”
Archibald opened his mouth and stuck his fingers down his throat. He seemed to struggle for a moment, but once the handle appeared, he seemed to relax and pulled the rest of the thin blade out without resistance. He stood there with the fine sword pointed straight at me, completely calm and not even breathing hard, almost as if it had been in his hand the entire time.
 “Neat trick.” I grinned maliciously. “But how long do you think it’ll stand against this?” I asked, drawing my large weapon casually.
“I guess we’ll find out won’t we? Go on! I dare ya to strike first!”
I don’t know whether he was being brave or just profoundly stupid, either way I was tempted to split this man in two. With a very heavy heart and great mental focus, I put aside my thirst for blood and stowed my blade. This action seemed to surprise the thief, but he refused to lower his sword.
“I didn’t come here to fight you, unfortunately.” I grumbled. “I came because, because...” Oh great Nex! I can’t believe I’m about to say this! “Because you need to repay us for what you stole.”
I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t ask for his help. The closest I could come was to demand it.
“That necklace? Let me tell ya a little somethin’ about that necklace!” He suddenly switched his sword to his free hand and held up his open palm. Burned there on the skin was a round pattern that looked very similar to the necklace he’d stolen. “About a day after I left that forest, the damn thing got so hot I couldn’t carry it anymore! And it still burns! It even burned a hole through my hat!” he exclaimed as he motioned towards his top hat with a nice big hole through it. “I had to ditch it! So if ya want it back, you’ll just have to go find it yaself!”
“I don’t care about the necklace. You’re going to do something else for me.”
“Oh? That sounds like ya need my help.” the bastard smirked. “Why don’t ya just ask me properly then? Go on, beg for it.”
“Is that how you want to do this?”
“Most definitely.”
“Good, because I was hoping things would come to this.” I smiled as I approached the man now shrinking back.
I let him experience the full brunt of my murder-filled aura, causing him to back right into the desk he’d been sitting at before. Two things usually happen when I instil fear into others. The first: they realise they cannot overcome a power that far exceeds their own and subsequently freeze or shut down. The second: they lose the ability to think straight, unable to comprehend they’re severely outmatched, which causes a temporary lack in all logical reasoning and makes them do something stupid. Archibald showed me the latter.
He screamed at the top of his lungs and charged forward. There was no skill behind his attempt, just a raw kind of instinct, which was probably telling him useful things like the bladed part of the sword can cut things. His thin sword came down overhead but was immediately shattered in a glorious shower of sparks when my own blade made swift contact. The shattering of his sword seemed to bring Archibald back to his senses somewhat as he confusedly looked from me to his blade.
“You should’ve just said you’d help.” I told him as I walked closer and closer.
Archibald’s face drained of all its colour as the last thing he saw was my gauntlet speed towards the bridge of his already bruised nose. He collapsed immediately, falling into my arms as I caught him and threw him over my shoulder. I think I already knew this, but this man is a pretty pathetic fighter. I hope, but not really, that he’s not dead.
I walked out of the tent carrying Archibald and re-entered the main one through the back. I could hear some loud mutterings coming from the main room as a number of people had already started taking their seats. I found the device I was looking for, strapped Archibald in with his arms and legs spread out and picked up the sharp tools lying nearby. Couldn’t wait to take this baby for a spin.
“Ugh, wh-where am I?” Archibald murmured sleepily. “Wait! What’re ya doin’?!”
“I’m going to tell you again. You’re going to repay us for what you stole by stealing something for me.”
“In ya dreams.” he grinned.
“Fine. I think I’ll enjoy this. Just know you can stop this at any time by agreeing to help.”
“Stop what? Hey! Where are ya takin’ me? Hey!” The rest of his words were incoherent as I tore off a piece of my cape and used it to gag him. I couldn’t help but smile.
I wheeled the device out of the back and into view of the many applauding and cheering crowd members. Just before I reached the ramp up to the stage, I was stopped by some guy dressed in fancy clothes.
“What’s going on here?” he asked, looking from me to Archibald, who wore some desperately pleading eyes.
“Oh, this is just a part of the show. Archibald here asked if I would help him out with it.”
“Why’s he gagged?”
“It’s all part of the act. Can’t reveal too much, you know how it is.” I laughed.
“Hmm, I see. Who are you anyway?”
“Me? I’m Rain the Wanderer. Just an old friend of Archibald’s.”
“Really? The Rain? Wow, never thought I’d get to meet you in person! Do you mind if I ask what you’ll be performing?” the man excitedly asked. It’s always nice to meet a fan.
“Oh, I was just thinking about showing off my knife throwing skills. I used to be able to take the wings off a fly when I was younger.”
“I can’t wait to see it!” he exclaimed before ushering me up onto the stage and turning to the crowd. “Ladies and gentlemen!” The crowd exploded with cheers. “Tonight we have a special guest joining us! Let’s hear a round of applause for Raaaain the Wandereeeeer!”
I was a bit awestruck by the amount of cheers and applause that suddenly exploded around me. Usually whenever I’m in front of a crowd, or even just a single person, all I ever get is booed or screamed at. It was a refreshing change actually.
I waved at the crowd awkwardly before I turned back to Archibald, who was struggling desperately against his restraints. In my hands I held ten knives. Just how many will it take to acquire Archibald’s consent I wonder?
“Alright ‘Archie’, I’m just going to throw some knives your way. You tell me when you’ve had enough alright?” Archibald just looked at me with determined scorn. Well, I didn’t expect him to like it.
I grabbed the side of the wheel and spun it down as hard as I could. The crowd gasped in awe as Archibald was reduced to a blur, crying out a muffled scream. It’s a good thing I had two eyes now, otherwise this might’ve become quite messy.
I hurled my first knife which hit the round board right next to Archibald’s neck, leaving a thin scratch just to let him panic a little bit. I was the only who could see where the knives landed, the crowd would just have to wait until the wheel stopped spinning.
I threw knife after knife, each of them landing extremely close next to a vital point or vein and each of them lightly cutting my target. I ended this display with a knife scraping the top of his scalp, and another one piercing the fabric between his spread out legs. Shortly after the wheel stopped spinning, the crowd, noticing the absolute skill of each of my throws, was applauding and cheering even louder than before.
I waved awkwardly again before I walked over to the big wheel and turned it upside down, ungagging the man who was spinning his head dizzily.
“Ready to do what I say yet?” I asked smugly.
“A-alright. I-I’ll do it.” he mumbled softly, probably on the verge of passing out.
I went to unclasp his restraints but the crowd suddenly starting crying out their disapproval.
“Encore! Encore! Encore!” they chanted like they were possessed.
“Well, you heard them.” I told the thief showing me wide eyes of fear as I reapplied his gag.
I’ve never been one to disappoint my fans!
I spun the wheel again.
The Terror Of Crystal Lake

I exited the tent with Archibald in tow. He wasn’t looking good at all. His feet were barely able to support him, causing his body to sway unsteadily from side to side. I bet even a slight breeze could blow this pitiful fool right over.
“Hurry up would you.” I ordered. “Mary should be just about done with her business. I want to leave here as soon as possible.”
“Who’s Mary? That woman I stole the necklace from? I don’t really feel like getting into another fight today.”
“No, Mary! She said you grew up together?”
“Oh no, you don’t mean Marianne! The doctor!” Archibald suddenly started, snapping out of his daze.
“I do actually. She’s agreed to help me with a problem.”
“We have to leave! Ya can’t let her travel with ya!”
“Why?”
“She’s crazy! Nothin’ good ever comes from travellin’ with her! Let’s just go alright? I’ll steal whatever ya want, just leave without her alright?”
“Sorry, I still need her to cure my associate. Why are you so against her?”
“Are you kiddin’? You’ve travelled with her! Haven’t ya realised how crazy she is?”
Both verbally and mentally have I expressed my reservations about that doctor. Travelling with her for a few days was actually a nice change of pace though, considering how it’s been for me lately. I could actually travel with her a while longer. This guy however, he seemed ready to do just about anything in order to leave her behind. Is this how friends really act towards one another? I don’t really have any experience in that, but I was friendly with Violet, and I could travel with her for the rest of my days.
“She’s not exactly crazy. I haven’t run into any problems travelling with her so far.”
“Let me guess, ya haven’t been into any cities or towns so far right? This is the first one?”
“Actually I met her in a town. She was about to be executed.”
“See! That’s exactly what I’m talkin’ about! It’s always the same with her! I don’t care what they say about our region, the amount of trouble she gets into is just irresponsible!”
“Your region?” What’s he going on about now?
“What, she hasn’t told ya? We’re from the south!”
“So? What does that have to do with anything?”
“Don’t tell me ya haven’t heard of the immortals?”
“That’s a joke right?”
“Oh no, it’s the truth. Our hometown is right in the middle of it all.” he told me with a smug look, making me want to break the bridge of his nose again. “We’re from the clan of immortals everyone fears so much.”
“I don’t know about everyone fearing you or anything. You guys never seem to do anything to show off your immortality.” I said plainly after a moment in thought. “Hang on, you’re not immortal! I broke your nose! Twice!”
“Ah, yes, but remember back in the forest? Ya tried to kill me with that giant sword there, but ya just couldn’t do it!”
Hmm, that was true. I didn’t exactly know what to make of that then either.
“How did you survive my blade?”
“A magician never reveals his secrets.” he replied with another smug grin, but this time I actually did plant my fist in his face.
Archibald dropped to his knees and cried out in pain, holding his nose as delicately as he could.
“Some immortal.” I snorted before grabbing him by the collar and dragging him off.
Immortals. I’ve had many a foe claim they’re immortal, only to end up as just another red stain. It was funny after the first couple of times, but now all it does is serve as dull entertainment. Though I am still very curious as to how Archibald survived impalement.
“Why?” Archibald asked as he offered no resistance to being dragged. “Why do ya keep hittin’ my nose?”
“Obviously because I can hurt you there. It’s pretty much fighting 1-0-1. I already tried stabbing you and that didn’t seem to work, so I’ll just have to keep getting you where it does.”
Archibald whined tearfully some more but I just tuned it out. I really don’t care for his pathetic cries, I’m just using him to further my own gains after all. It’s not like he has to like me for it, but I wish he’d keep his mouth shut at least.
I dragged Archibald’s limp body for a little while through the streets, which I’d begun to suspect he was enjoying. This free ride of his was receiving a couple of glances from people passing us by, but thanks to the huge tent in the distance, many of them quickly hurried on off to enjoy the show.
We eventually made it back to where Maki was patiently waiting just on the outskirts of Crystal Lake. Mary was nowhere to be found.
“Where is she?” I asked the bloated bunny.
“How should I know? She left soon after you and hasn’t been back since.”
“Hey.” Archibald whispered. “What the hell is that thing?”
“I don’t care to go over it again.” I said plainly, dropping him painfully to the ground. “Hmm. She said she’d be back by now. I wonder if something happened?”
“Of course somethin’ happened! Like I said before, that woman’s crazy! I bet she’s already made an enemy of the town!”
“Come on, you’ve got to be exaggerating a little right? We’ve only been here a couple of hours.”
“A couple – A couple of hours?!” Archibald stammered. “We have to leave! Now!”
“For the last time, I’m not leaving without Mary. I need her, just like I need you. Now if you don’t behave, I’ll just tie you up and give you to that thing as a chew toy.” I threatened, pointing over to Maki and feeling an intense desire to act out my threat.
Archibald fell silent at that point and just sat there looking curiously at Maki. He still seemed a little panicky, and not just because of the overgrown toy lazily lying down. I looked up and down the road but couldn’t see any sign of the missing doctor. I don’t have the time or patience to be waiting around for her to show up, but it can’t be helped. She’s a necessary piece of this aggravating puzzle. Plus, she’s got my eyes which I really want to get back.
I began considering whether I should just leave her behind. Archibald was growing antsier by the second and she knew where we were headed anyway, but then I heard some sounds coming in from the distance, and none of them good. I looked over to see what was going on, finding the cause of the commotion which made my eyes open wide with awe.
Mary was out in front looking like she could collapse at any moment, completely exhausted and out of breath. Around her shoulder swung a large bag with all kinds of plants and what looked like regular bottles of dirt. Screaming angrily behind her was a fairly large crowd of unhappy people, swinging farming tools and kitchen utensils in the air above their heads.
“See! I told ya she was nothin’ but trouble!” Archibald shrieked loudly as he scrambled to his feet.
I guess he was right, though I must have known this outcome was inevitable given the way she said she was going to make some money.
Mary soon noticed us, a large amount of relief spreading across her tired face, but her troubles were far from over. The crowd was rapidly gaining on her tired movements and she could barely even hold herself up straight.
 Suddenly Mary tumbled forward onto the ground and a large pitchfork came into view, sticking out of her leg. The crowd cried happily as they rushed forward, surrounding the poor girl and raising their various weapons. I ran quickly over to provide her with some assistance, when a cloud of white dust was thrown into the air, covering everyone within the inner circle.
I finally approached the squirming crowd, noticing that those covered in the white dust had stopped moving mid action.
“Rain? Archie? Bunny? Is anyone there?” Mary’s quiet voice asked from somewhere inside the crowd.
“Yeah, I’m here.” I shouted, causing a number of people to turn and shrink in fear. “Can you move?”
“I can’t seem to get the pitchfork out of my leg. But I can still crawl I think.”
“Alright, make your way over here and I’ll try find you.”
“Hey!” someone in the crowd shouted. “Are you with her?”
“I am. What of it?” I asked, sending a pre-emptive glare to the uneasy man.
“Oh, err, n-nothing.” the man stuttered as he backed away. Heh, intimidation at its finest.
I pushed my way through the crowd until I finally found Mary lying down as if she were lounging on a comfy sofa.
“Here, I’ll pull it out.” I told her. “Brace yourself.”
I yanked the pitchfork out as quickly as I could, but she showed almost no reaction. Not a wince or a groan, not even her half closed, tired eyes widened a little in pain. Actually, she didn’t cry out when she had that arrow stuck in her back either. Did she just not feel pain?
“I guess you guys really are immortal.” I muttered as I picked her up and waded back through the crowd.
“Immortal? Did Archie tell ya that?”
“He did.”
“Well it’s true that I’m from that region, but the immortals are just a myth. It just seems like that from an outside perspective.”
“What do you me-”
“Hey! He’s trying to take her away!” someone suddenly exploded. “Stop him! Stop him!”
“Got any other tricks up your sleeves?” I asked the girl in my arms.
“I usually flee in this sort of situation, but I may have something here... Ah! Block your ears!”
I didn’t have time to ask why as she’d already thrown the glass jar in her hand. The moment it smashed at my feet a piercing sonic boom shredded the air. Everyone in the vicinity had to drop what they held as they slammed their hands to their ears in agony, myself included. I don’t know if Mary cried out when she hit the ground, I couldn’t hear a thing over the intense ringing in my ears, which had actually made some of the others drop to their knees or pass out entirely.
I felt something shake my leg, forcing me to look down.
“Huh?” I shouted, barely able to hear myself.
Mary was mouthing out the words “Hurry” and “Let’s go”, or at least I think that’s what she was trying to say. I once again picked her up and staggered through the rest of the crowd, none of which had the strength to pay us any attention over their own pains.
Ugh, this disorientation is worse than when I only had one eye! I never realised how much I relied on sound to walk before! Needless to say, I won’t be taking that for granted any time soon.
I was somehow able to bring us back to where the others were waiting, where I put Mary down and started pressing my hands against my ears again. This is just ridiculous! The loud ringing hasn’t lessened in the slightest! When the hell are these effects going to wear off?
Archibald’s mouth was moving, but I could only make out him asking “Where is it?”
“Where’s what?” I shouted, causing the startled thief to jump. He just gave me a dirty look before turning back to Mary.
I think Mary said something to him because he immediately turned to Maki and began demanding something of him. Maki looked indignantly at him for a moment before he spat out something on the ground. What Archibald then picked up was Mary’s straw doll. I could see the pieces in the leg had come a bit loose, but Archibald soon fixed that problem with a rub of his thumb. Once he’d thrown the doll back inside Maki, Mary suddenly jumped to her feet and swung her injured leg as if she were testing out a new limb.
I wonder if that was what she meant before, about the immortals. Well, it doesn’t really concern me anyway; I just want my damn ears fixed already.
Mary turned to me and mouthed out “Let’s go”, completely ignoring what she’d done to me. I hope she didn’t actually forget that I’m currently deaf. Please just let it be because this place isn’t safe right now! Please!
I’m almost afraid of what will happen to me in the future. First my sense of touch is neutralised, then my eye is stolen and destroyed, and now I can’t hear a thing! What’s next? I won’t be able to smell or taste anything?
Nex! I ask – nay! I beg of you! Please! Please don’t let them toy with me anymore!
(I’m)mortal

“Still though, the Garden of Sinners?” Archibald sighed for about the hundredth time. “I’m not even sure I can break in there. I know I’m the greatest thief to ever walk the land, but that place is supposedly impenetrable!”
“Yeah, well you’d better find a way.” I told the arrogant prick. “I don’t think I can be held responsible for my actions in the event of failure.”
Archibald shivered unpleasantly as he was assailed by my murderous aura. He was finally beginning to understand how little his life meant to me and that I had no problem putting my threats into action. It was about damn time too!
It’s been a week since we were run out of Crystal Lake. I still have no idea how she managed it, but Mary did in fact make an enemy of the entire town. It started with just that crowd going bananas for her head, but once the show in the tent had finished, all those spectators quickly found out what was going on and joined the lynching group. They chased us for two days across the plains until they were too exhausted to continue, much to our relief.
The only times I’ve ever been in that kind of situation is during war. Being a mercenary, I’ve been hired many times to take part in petty battles, and not all of them were won. The times we lost we were forced to flee, as much as I hate to admit it, but I needed to get paid and facing down a thousand enemy soldiers wasn’t the optimal course of action. I could take on a hundred, maybe two, but not a thousand. Anyway, fleeing wasn’t exactly new to me, but I’ve never done it deaf before, so that was a different experience.
It was the day after they gave up their pursuit that my hearing was finally restored. You’ve got to give it to Mary for creating such a potent concoction, despite being a victim of it myself. For the first time I became a victim of her unique brand of healing, which was quite impressive to say the least, though not without consequences. I was subject to a new kind of deafness as a part of the treatment. I could hear everything around me. A subtle breeze sounded like a typhoon. The muscles in their legs made weird stretching sounds as they walked. Their voices were so loud I was given an instant headache! It took a full day for my ears to get back to normal, but if I concentrate, I can still hear things that shouldn’t be heard.
One of the other more annoying things to getting my hearing back was I was just in time to listen to Archibald’s tirade of complaints about how he’d been forced into doing this, but that was minimal compared to when he found out where we were going. He hasn’t shut up since.
“I must say, breaking into that place would certainly cement my name for all eternity.” Archibald commented as he looked off into the distance, leaving me a little surprised considering how he’d been complaining all this time.
“Isn’t the point of being a thief to keep your identity hidden?” I wondered aloud.
“Yeah but, that’s because I usually only steal things from royalty and those organisations that have heavy security, and most of that stuff I don’t even keep anyway. My main source of income is performin’ in those shows ya so rudely interrupted, which I wouldn’t be able to do if everyone knew I stole stuff.”
“So what do you do with those stolen goods then?”
“I usually just throw ‘em away. Can’t give ‘em to the poor because they’d be arrested, and I can’t sell ‘em because people would start learnin’ who I am.”
“What’s the point then?”
“Huh? What’s the point of doin’ anythin’? It’s just fun! Like this one time, a prince was about to become the next king, but right before the crownin’ ceremony, I stole the crown. They couldn’t perform the ceremony without it, so it was postponed for weeks! I think they found it eventually in the ditch I left it in, but I was long gone by that stage.”
I don’t know what it was about the story, maybe because it was against an authority figure or whatever, but I couldn’t help finding it slightly humorous.
“Oh? If ya like that one, I’ve got plenty more.”
“Archie,” Mary sighed with a reprimanding look, discarding her accent for a sterner tone. “Should you really be using your gifts to cause such trouble?”
“Yeah, like you’re one to talk.” Archibald muttered.
“And what is that supposed to mean?”
“Ya know exactly what I mean! Ya go to these towns or whatever, create an insane amount of havoc, and ya never give it a second thought because ya know they can’t kill ya!”
“Is that true? Are you really immortal?” I asked slowly, not entirely sure if I should believe them or not.
“I already told ya the immortals are just a myth. It just seems like we -”
“Hey.” Archibald cut in. “Are ya sure we can trust this guy? He’s nothing but a brute.”
“It’s alright Archie, he seems like the trustworthy sort. He saved me from gettin’ my head chopped off after all.”
“Still, what would everyone back home say?”
“Why’re ya worried about ‘em all of a sudden?”
“Because they’re scary as all hell!” Archibald shivered. “I don’t see how ya can’t be! Do ya know what they’ll do if the crows ever catch us?”
“Oh they’re not that bad. Ya just overreactin’ as usual. But if ya were that scared of ‘em, why’d ya leave in the first place?”
“Because ya made me!” he cried angrily.
“I find that hard to believe.” I snorted.
“Yeah? Well she hasn’t changed much since back then! Always actin’ on her own whims, doesn’t have a care in the world! And all because she thinks she’s safe because of that damn doll!”
“What do you mean?”
“That doll of hers, she transfers all her pain and injuries to it. That way, if she ever takes any damage, all she has to do is fix it up and she’s right as, well, you!”
I’ve heard that stupid joke before. Does everyone from the south enjoy such poor humour?
“So you’re okay with tellin’ him my secret but not yours?” Mary started. “Well, it’s not like I really care, but Archie can warp space.”
“Hey! What did ya have to go and tell him that for?!” Archibald shouted angrily. “We were supposed to keep that a secret! If he goes and tells someone, it’ll only be a matter of time before our clan finds out and the crows come for us!”
“Why are you so scared of them?” I asked. That’s a look I’ve only ever seen on death row inmates.
“I already said they’re scary as all hell! Ya don’t know them like we do! I can still remember the scoldin’s!” he muttered while shivering, looking fearfully into the distance.
“Really? How long has it been since you left?”
“What’s it been? Like ten years?” Mary thought out loud, touching a finger to her lip and looking towards the sky. “Yeah, we left when we were fourteen right?”
“I think it was around then. Can’t really remember. Ever since though, I’ve been keeping a low profile.” Archibald mumbled. “Ya never know where they might pop up to reclaim us.”
“How can you claim you’re keeping a low profile when you’ve named your travelling show after yourself?” I demanded to know his line of thinking for this.
“It’s all about misdirection my friend.” I couldn’t help but shiver repulsively at the label. “They wouldn’t think anyone’s stupid enough to use their real name for somethin’ like that, which works out fine for me too. They won’t be lookin’ for that.”
The way he was nodding his head with that confident smile told me he had absolute faith in that bizarre reasoning.
“Archie, that’s kinda silly don’t ya think? You’re just askin’ for the crows to come after ya by paradin’ ya name around like that. Ya gotta be more like me in keepin’ a low profile.”
In what way?! In what way are you any different to him?! You’re just as bad as he is! The only difference is Archibald’s name is regarded highly because of the joy he brings, while Mary’s is absolutely scorned for the hell she creates! She’s worse than any group of bandits I’ve ever seen!
I just wanted to scream at the two of them, but that wouldn’t get us anywhere. Archibald would just ignore every word out of my mouth and Mary would listen with that half-closed eye of hers, and end up missing the main point anyway.
“Oh Rain, I almost forgot. Your eyes are ready to be transplanted back.” Mary calmly informed in her professional, carefree manner, taking off the makeshift bandage to show me a beautiful pair of matching angry eyes. The look really didn’t suit her.
They’re done huh? And I wonder how long they’ve been like that for! I’m finding myself looking more and more forward to the day I ditch these two.
“Can you do it now?” I asked, trying very hard to keep a civil tone.
“Of course, just kneel down a bit so I can reach up.”
I did as I was told and Mary went to work. The process didn’t take long at all and there wasn’t even a hint of pain. I did have one complaint though.
“My eyes! What have you done to them?” I roared, staggering backwards in disorientation.
My vision was obscured by countless numbers of these dark, weird, wispy lines. What was happening? They flowed from everything, sort of waving like a fine, thin fog. Every blade of grass, every nearby flower, they all had them. I looked at Maki who was showing me a disgusted look and saw the lines trailing again, covering parts of his body and head. Archibald had them too, but strangely, Mary was completely uncovered.
“What do you mean?” Mary asked uncertainly. “Is there something wrong with them?”
“Damn right there is! I can see all these weird lines covering everything!” I cried, staggering back some more while I attempted to shake my vision clear.
“Oh good. You had me worried for a second there.” Mary sighed in relief. “Yes, those are called the Reaper’s Eyes. What you’re seeing is death. More specifically, it shows the concept of death in all things and makes it visible. Now that you can see them, you can interact with them.”
“What the hell is this?! Why are they lines?! Why am I seeing them?!”
“If you cut one of those lines, you’ll inflict that object with death. It’s pretty simple, but extremely powerful. That’s just a little gift from me to you, for saving me all those times.”
This? This is supposed to be a gift? A gesture of her goodwill and thanks?
“Make them go away! I don’t want to see them!”
“Well it’s too late for that now. Once you’ve seen them, damaging your eyes or removing them will have no effect. It’s strange though, I thought you’d like them. It’d make killing people a lot more efficient.”
It was a struggle to calm down, even just a little. If what she said was true, I’m stuck with them for life now and I can’t even use them to murder her! This woman, she’s now a running contender for the biggest source of grief in my life.
I tried closing my eyes, but the lines remained. Even when I moved my head, new lines would appear and shift slightly as the wind lightly brushed over the innumerable blades of grass along the ground.
“How is this supposed to make killing more efficient?” I asked angrily. “I can’t even focus! All I can see is that faint dark fog! The grass, the flowers, everything except for you!”
“How interesting. It seems that everything with a source of life, no matter how small, is showing up. Very interesting.”
“How am I supposed to go on like this?!”
“Just give it time. You’ll be able to control it eventually so the lines will appear only when you want them to.”
“How long is that going to be?!”
“Who can say? How many droplets of you are there in a storm? Does the wind actually follow a set course? Will the sun even rise tomorrow?”
“What the hell are you talking about?!” I exploded, not even fazing the little girl looking at me with dreaming eyes.
“She means she doesn’t know. It all depends on how ya can adapt to it.” Archibald cut in. “Heh, ya didn’t think they’d just be normal eyes did ya?”
I turned to Archibald with a threatening glare, which made him shrink back a little. Hmm, looking at him now, with a slightly calmer mind, I can see what Mary was going on about. The shadowy lines covering his body were mostly located around vital points, like arteries, organs and the like. It would be more efficient to use them, for someone else maybe. I’m already a peerless killer. I don’t need some cheap gimmick to help me!
“Hey,” I said to the coward, “I kind of want to test out these new eyes. Wanna help me?”
My murderous intent was easily displayed by the maddening smile I produced.
“That’s disgusting.” Maki said with a glare. “Don’t ever smile again.”
“Why? It’s the same look as your beloved bitch!”
“How dare you! My mistress’ smile is beautiful! You’re nowhere near her in that regard, or any others as a matter of fact.”
“Oh? Maybe you’d like to be my test subject then.” I gave him a sharp look, telling him I sincerely wished he’d step up to the task.
“You think you can kill me?” Maki cried. “Only mistress possesses that kind of power!”
“Let’s go then!” I roared, drawing my blade immediately.
“Do you think it can wait?” Mary suddenly intervened. “I believe we’re almost there.”
I turned my malicious eyes off into the distance where I could barely make out our destination. I’ve never been there myself, never even came close to it, but the descriptions from the stories I’ve heard made it clear we were approaching the right place.
We were still pretty far away, probably wouldn’t make it there until nightfall, but just looking at it was awe-inspiring. A massive wall ran a considerable distance across the plain of grass, reaching up higher than most castle battlements. It didn’t really matter how tall it was anyway, gaining access from above was impossible, or so I’ve been told.
I hope for Archibald’s sake he has a plan to get inside, because if he doesn’t he’ll find himself inflicted with a casual case of death. As a matter of fact, I was actually itching to test out my new eyes. You know what? I hope he does fail.
The Garden Of Sinners

“Wait, this is it? The impenetrable walls of the Garden of Sinners?” Archibald wondered in disbelief.
“What, have you never been here before?” I asked, looking up at the massive walls that no being aside from the Keeper has ever set foot in.
“Of course not! Ya know they say these plains are cursed right? That if ya take one step on them, ya won’t survive to see the next sunrise! Now, I’m not one for that superstitious kind of thinkin’, but I’ve never heard a detailed description of this place, which makes me wonder if anyone’s ever actually been this close before. Like, maybe the rumours are true.”
“Don’t be ridiculous!” I laughed, well, more like mocked. “There’s no curse here. I doubt anyone’s actually died here!”
“That’s not entirely correct.” Mary said as she scanned the grassy fields around us. “I can only smell death in these plains. It’s old, and faint, but the smell’s definitely there. It’s been clingin’ to us ever since we entered the area. There are many unique scents here, most likely numberin’ in the thousands.”
“You can smell that? I can’t smell anything aside from grass and dirt.”
“Yeah, that’s what ya’d normally smell, but my nose is a little different.”
“Different?”
“She’s modified it.” Archibald said casually as he walked back and forth along the wall, tapping his hand every here and there as if to test its sturdiness.
“Really?” I mumbled. “What possible good could come of something like that?”
“It’s actually quite handy when treatin’ patients. I can detect all kinds of odours from the sick. It’s exceptionally useful when someone’s been poisoned. I can tell what the ingredients of the toxin are simply by their smell, which helps with the speedy makin’ of a cure.”
“I see.”
“That’s not all! I’ve heightened my sense of hearing as well, just like I did to yours!” Yes, how could I forget? “If a patient has any muscle or bone aches, or even if an organ is weakenin’, I’ll be able to hear the problem and prescribe an appropriate treatment for it. I also grow spare organs inside me just in case I need to perform an emergency transplant procedure.”
You know, she could’ve been a pretty fine doctor with those modifications. It’s a shame she has to ruin it all by being completely ignorant of her patients’ wants and needs.
“Hey, are you two done chatting or what? I could use some help over here.” Archibald called impatiently as he rested against the wall.
“Help with what? Have you found a weak spot in the wall?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. This is an impenetrability field. It’s the first time I’ve ever come across one, but even I can tell ya can’t gain access through brute force alone.”
“So what then? You going to dig under it?”
“What part of ‘impenetrability field’ do ya not understand?” he asked in a condescending tone, the very same tone that makes my blades very thirsty. “The only proper entry point is through the gates, but ya need a key. Ya can’t enter from underground, nor from above either. This is a spell designed to keep anythin’ and everythin’ out.”
“Well I hope you have a plan because I feel like I’ve already put up with you for longer than you deserve. Just so you know, people who get on my nerves like that usually have short lifespans.”
My obvious bloodlust only made him slightly uncomfortable. Damn, he must have figured out he’s safe so long as I still need him. What he probably hasn’t realised yet is that once I get what I need, I’m splitting his head in two. That moment still seems so far away though, but patience is a virtue or whatever.
“I do have a plan actually. First I’ll need to find my cape.”
“Oh, then you won’t have to look far.” I told him as I ripped the tattered cloth from the clasps on my shoulders. “Here. I’ve grown tired of this thing anyway.”
“What’s this?” he asked, confused.
“It’s your cape. I took it after we met back in that forest.”
Archibald looked in horror at the rag I handed him, accepting the gift with limp arms. What’s with him? It’s just some dumb cape anyway, it’s not like he can’t go buy a new one at any old village or town.
“Wh-what have ya done?!” he cried, sobbing into the thing that was once a cape. “Ya ruined it! This was a one of a kind steal! I took this from a prince who’d travelled here from a far-off kingdom! This was the only one of its kind ever made!”
“So what? Just go buy a different one. They’re all the same really. What’s the big deal?”
Archibald showed me a look full of hate and hostility. Really, how childish. It’s just a piece of cloth.
“This was the loot from my first big score!” Oh, so that’s what it was, sentimental value. “Do you know how much this is worth?!” Hmm, maybe not.
“No and I don’t care either.”
“Then ya might as well kill me now!”
“Don’t tempt me.” I muttered, trying to restrain the ferocious killing intent rising within. “Hurry up and get us inside already. The sooner we part ways the better.”
“Why bother.” Archibald mumbled despairingly, collapsing to the ground and hanging his head low. “We’re all just goin’ to die one day anyway. It doesn’t matter how much we struggle, we’re all mere bugs caught in death’s elaborate web.”
Just how much did that cape mean to him?!
“Look, I’ll pay for the damages, so just get us inside already.”
“There’s no point. I doubt ya could pay it anyway. We might as well just lie here and wait for the Keeper to come. Then we won’t have any worries anymore. Yeah, a life with no worries sounds very appealing.”
It does sound appealing. Of course, the life he’s talking about means we won’t be worried about breathing either.
“Oh Archie, cheer up. Breakin’ into the unbreakable will do ya wonders.” Mary said in a calm, soothing voice. “It’ll all be just fine.”
“Just tell me how much the rag is worth and I’ll pay for it.”
Archibald looked at me with sad, doubtful eyes and listed off a number that made Mary pale. I mean, I guess it was big, for a stupid piece of cloth, but it’s not like it’s unaffordable.
“Fine, I just need to get to one of my safe houses and I’ll give you the money, but only after we finish this.”
Both Archibald and Mary looked incredibly shocked at my casual willingness to part with that amount of money. Is it really that much? That’s just a fraction of what I’ve gotten hidden across the land.
“W-w-what?” Mary stammered. “How can ya so easily just give away that much?”
“Because it’s not that much. I mean, I’ve got plenty more saved up.”
“Master!” they both cried, bowing at my feet. “We didn’t realise we were in the presence of a man of your stature!”
“What are you talking about?” The way they were acting... It’s like my worst nightmare.
“Obviously, you’re the master of a wealthy family right? To be able to spend that kind of money!”
“Hardly.” I spat, backing cautiously away from their grovelling. “My family was poor as dirt. I earned my money performing all kinds of jobs, but I only ever spent what I needed to get me to the next place.”
“A humble beginning? He’s so modest.” Mary commented, which Archibald quickly agreed.
“Enough already.” I growled. “There, I’ve said I’ll pay for the cape, now hurry up and get us inside.”
“Of course, anything you say my lord.” This guy... “Now, as I’ve mentioned, this is my first time comin’ across an impenetrability field. That being said, it’s not exactly how I imagined it. Naturally, we can’t break through it, nor can we go over or under, so we’ll do none of those things.”
“Then?”
“Tell me, what is the shortest distance between two points?”
“I-”
“I’ll field that question for the underdeveloped imbecile here.” Maki suddenly jumped in, showing me a nasty grin as he cut me off. “It’s a straight line.”
“Usually, yes. However, the correct answer is zero.” Archibald told us as if it were the most obvious answer. I smirked at the bloated bunny, who scowled back. “Now, I don’t like doing this normally. It’s just no fun stealin’ things like this, but given where we are, I don’t really see any other choice. I’m going to fold space so that both points exist in the same space and time. Here, I’ll show ya what I mean.”
With that enraging smirk, Archibald lifted up his cape with two hands and held it away from his body, in front of the wall. He shook the cape a couple of times, making it flutter lightly in the air, until he suddenly yanked the cloth away. I was stunned at what had been revealed to us. The previously solid wall now had an opening with shimmering edges in it, though maybe that wasn’t entirely correct. I don’t think the wall had actually opened up; I really can’t explain it.
The opening was oval in shape and what lay beyond was incredible.
“This is a space warp, where two points have come to exist in the same space, otherwise known as a portal. All ya have to do is step through it and we’ll be inside the Garden of Sinners.” Archibald said with a look that was just screaming for praise.
I ignored the fool and walked closer.
“That seemed awfully easy. Are you sure it’s safe?” I asked, examining the white, shimmering edges curiously.
“Yeah, I thought it was going to be much harder too. Don’t worry though, I’m sure it’s completely safe.”
Does that mean he doesn’t know? Well, it doesn’t really matter anyway; I know a sure-fire way of finding out.
I faced and approached Archibald quickly, latching onto his arm with an iron-like grip.
“H-hey! What are ya -”
The remainder of his words were filled with angry threats and pleas to let him go, none of which I paid any proper attention to.
“I hope you’ve made peace with the world.” I muttered as I got ready to throw him through the portal.
“Wait! Stop! Please! I’m beggin’!” he cried, turning his head over to Mary. “Are ya just goin’ to stand there and watch Mary?!”
“Oh Archie, I have complete faith in your abilities.” Heh, at least that makes one of us. “Ya have nothin’ to fear.”
I threw Archibald into the portal where his angry cries quickly switched to ones of pain as his feet passed through first and began disintegrating. Those were some satisfying screams to hear, and I couldn’t help but show my wicked smile as I watched his head finally vanish into nothingness. Glad to be rid of that nuisance, or so I desperately wished. In actual fact, Archibald had survived with less than a bruise after landing softly on the other side. It’s a shame dreams and reality have to be so different.
I followed in shortly after, with Maki and Mary soon after that, and stood on the other side of the great walls in absolute wonder. I’m not one for talking about beauty a whole lot, but this place was simply stunning. Unfortunately, the wispy lines in my vision were showing up at intermittent intervals now, providing quite the distraction, but there’s no doubt that if they hadn’t been there, I would’ve been completely encapsulated by the sheer beauty this garden had to offer.
“I-I can’t believe such a place exists.” Mary whispered in wonder, and I couldn’t help but agree.
The only way to properly describe this place was to say it was magical. The moon and stars above showered everything below in a silver light, giving the numerous kinds of flowers and plants a natural glow. The way it all sparkled in harmony put my heart at peace, drowning most of us in a pleasant tranquillity. If this had been in the daytime, who knows how much more beautiful the sun’s rays would have made this scene.
The flowers and plants themselves were tightly bunched together, with each one’s colour complementing its neighbours’ tenfold. Only very few places were clear of this incredible plant-life, with the free spots making up trails of simple stone paths that crossed through the various fields so one might visit any section with ease. The stone paths gradually curved from side to side in a disorganised fashion, but that only added to the charm.
I strained my ears a little as I could have sworn I’d heard the sound of running water, and sure enough I was able to locate a number of small creeks flowing somewhere off in the distance, past the small hills that popped up every here and there.
When I first heard of this place, all I’d imagined was another city’s botanical garden, but this far surpassed any of them, not just in wonder and beauty either, but in sheer size. If the gigantic walls didn’t keep everything contained, I would’ve thought the garden stretched on forever.
This is one of the most fantastic sights I’ve ever seen, and that statement is not to be taken lightly. I’ve seen a great many things, ranging from the most hideous monsters to divine beings, many of which could be classified as fantastic, but I’ve never had a reaction quite like this before, and I wasn’t the only one affected either. The sight alone had caused Mary to tear up, and Archibald had been struck mute as his eyes surveyed the scene in wonder. Maki was looking rather bored, but I didn’t expect much of a reaction from him in the first place.
I don’t know how long we stayed in silence like that for. It could’ve been minutes or it could’ve been hours; all of us, aside from Maki, had been completely ensnared in the undeniable beauty of this garden,
“Okay,” I started, forcefully breaking out of my paralysis, “I don’t know how long it’s going to take to find the flower we need, so we better start moving.”
“Alright, I’ll get to work right away.” Mary said as she moved ahead of us and began scanning the surrounding area. “Thankfully, I don’t detect the presence of another in here, so it’s safe to assume the Kee – Hang on a second.” She focused intently off into the distance. “Sorry, I thought I felt someone else in here. With all these wonderful scents cloggin’ up my senses, it kinda makes it hard to tell. Shall we get goin’?”
“Do you want to tell us what it looks like so we can help?” I asked, eager to get this over and done with. While I did want to stick around to see if the Keeper would eventually show up, I was far more concerned with getting my hands on the information Brady had concerning Violet.
“Nah, it’s alright. I’ve actually already found it. It’s right over there just before the small forest in the middle.” she told us, pointing off to a distant point too far to make out.
I see. She must’ve modified her eyes as well. She’s a hell of a lot of trouble, but extremely useful. I still don’t know if she’s breaking-even on that though.
The four of us walked with Mary in the lead as she guided us to where she claimed the plant was. It took us well over two hours to get there, but I don’t think any of us seemed to mind, well maybe except for Maki. He was being extraordinarily impatient about this. While he hadn’t uttered a word, it was fairly obvious from the way he ignored our surroundings that he was just itching to get his mistress back.
 After descending another small hill, we eventually arrived at the outside of the small forest Mary had mentioned. She quickly located the flower and plucked it out, storing it carefully in an empty jar which she then placed back in her bag.
“Well that’s that sorted. I’ll get started on the cure once we’ve left.”
“Alright, then let’s get out of here.” I said, moving to turn around but froze immediately. This feeling, it was different to the one I’d felt when I first laid my eyes on this wonderful garden. What was this? I know I’ve felt it before, but when?
I caught Mary in the corner of my eyes, noticing she was looking beyond me to the top of the hill we’d just descended. I couldn’t open my mouth to ask her what she was looking at, all I could do was slowly edge my head around, which is when I saw Archibald and finally realised what this feeling was. Archibald, who was also frozen solid, was looking in the same direction as Mary, albeit with an expression of extreme fear. Yes, I had been frozen solid by an otherworldly fear.
I slowly turned around and drew my sword with clammy hands. Was this really fear? No, that’s impossible. I’ve long forgotten those emotions!
My entire being was ravaged by such an intense bloodlust that I couldn’t stop the small shiver from pulsing through my body. That aura of malicious intent, I’ve never felt anything even remotely like it. To have a reaction like this to someone’s wordless intent! I was in shock! My own killing intent was immediately crushed under the weight of this terrifying aura, something which has never happened before. I suddenly felt like one of those foolish sailors attempting to brave the tempest in the eastern seas, as they searched for some mythical jewel. Surely they must have known no-one has survived that force of nature before, and that their attempt will be no different.
Very slowly, the slim shadow at the top of the hill moved one foot in front of the other, a spear in one hand while the other remained free. Thanks to the dark skies, I couldn’t make out a single feature of the shadow, save for its murderous, glowing eyes that burned on with the purest hatred and rage I’ve ever seen.
“Your presence has defiled my Princess’ sanctuary.” The shadow spoke in a grave voice, making my heart prick up a little. “For that, you shall all die.”
Blindingly fast, the shadow lunged forward with the spear’s tip pointed straight at my chest.
The Keeper of the Garden of Sinners had returned.
The Curse Is Carelessness

I yawned hard and wide. It’s been a long couple of weeks, and this not sleeping thing isn’t exactly helping. It’s weird though, I don’t feel any exhaustion at all, despite these painfully long hours I’ve remained awake. This is just a side-effect of all those souls I’ve absorbed, a positive one I thought at first, until I realised just how long a day can be.
It’s been especially hectic these last two weeks. I’ve been from one side of the map to the other, laying waste to a number of underground facilities, until the remaining four siblings had been found and released. Naturally, the Old World weren’t about to just forgive my little assault, something I of course had already predicted. Still, being able to predict such obvious movements did little to relieve the dull tedium involved in fighting these small-scale battles day after day, made all the more bothersome since out of the six of us, only I and one other have any actual combat power.
These five siblings, if you can even call them that, are quite the powerful force against people. I must give some credit to the Old World regarding the methods employed during their pursuit; they’ve certainly thought things through. You know, they probably would’ve succeeded in recapturing the fugitives if it weren’t for me. Four of the five’s powers appear to attack the mind directly, while only one was able to manipulate the physical world itself. It’s because of this that the creatures assaulting us aren’t made of flesh and bone, but of different metallic components all fused together. It would appear that none of these creatures, or machines as I’ve come to learn, have a mind or intelligence of their own, but are instead controlled by something, or someone, far away where it’s safe, proving just how cowardly our opponents are.
“What is this place we’re headed?” croaked the old man by my right. “Will it take long? I’m worried about the others.”
“Would you cut it out with that already?” I groaned tiredly. “Seriously, you’ve been going on non-stop about your worries! I’ve got worries too you know, but you don’t hear me going on and on about how badly I’m itching to see how my darling Lily’s doing. I mean, that brute should be able to complete the task I set him right? I did tell him I’d help with his problem in return, but it’s been weeks now and the signs in the stars have yet to change. That can’t be good right? What if he’s failed? Well, if that happens I guess I’ll just have to fix her instead, but what if too much time’s past? What if she’s already dead? What will I do then? My life will become meaningless! What will I do then huh? What wi-”
I cut myself off at that point, right when my rapidly beating heart hit its peak. This isn’t the first time I’ve gone off like that. I know for sure it’s Fear’s doing, but I can’t tell if his ability is leaking out unchecked or if it’s actually intentional. My large sum of money’s on the latter, since I find it hard to believe he’d just allow his family to be ordered around like slaves.
I turned towards the white-haired grandpa and looked at him accusingly. His features remained in their usual worried state, making it difficult to determine whether he’d just tried to give me a heart attack. It was a good thing our other companion’s abilities weren’t affecting my mind, otherwise I’d be in all sorts of trouble.
I noticed their peculiar traits the moment I met each of them. It’s like with Fear, his ability crushes a person’s mind with such terror that it takes merely seconds for their heart to pound so violently it explodes. I don’t know if their names are merely labels given to them by the Old World, but they seem to represent their abilities and, weirdly enough, their personalities perfectly. Obviously the person who came up with these labels has no creativity whatsoever, bringing to mind the picture of some extremely lazy desk jockey.
“Anyway,” I began again after I’d calmed myself down, “we wouldn’t have to do this if that petty thief had succeeded. You can use him as a chew toy or whatever if we come across him again.”
 “But how long is this going to take? What if something’s happened to the others?”
“They’ll be fine won’t they? Your little brother has the power to make sure of that doesn’t he? Besides, it’s easier for us to deal with those weird metal creatures if half of them are going for the others.”
“It’s as I feared. You left them behind hoping they’d be decoys!”
“Of course I did! Your mind isn’t rotting due to senility is it? Because that was pretty obvious.”
Fear stopped walking and looked back the way we’d come. I don’t know what he was looking for, but that look in his eye probably meant he was searching for the other three we’d left behind. I don’t know why he bothered, we split up almost two days ago, so it’s not like he could see them anymore. Besides, we were meeting up in an entirely different place close by later on. As for how they’d be getting there so quickly, it’s best not to worry about the details.
Turning his head back towards me, I was hit by the full force of his pleading, worried look that told me he desperately wanted to go back; it was a foul look indeed, especially since he’s the one that insisted on coming along because he didn’t trust me with any of the others. I’ve gotten past the point where I’m deeply regretting not bringing that quiet, mask wearing girl! Hell, I’d even settle for the angry one right about now! At least Insanity behind us is keeping her incoherent babbling to herself, so why can’t Fear do the same?
“Can you please stop whining already?” I begged. “Look, this is the field where the necklace is, so once we find it we can get going.”
I didn’t know specifically where the necklace was in this vast field, but I could feel a tremendous amount of spiritual energy flowing from within the earth, meaning it had somehow found its way underground. How troublesome.
“I can’t pinpoint its exact location.” I muttered aloud, causing Fear to surprisingly show signs of relief.
“Does it matter? If it’s lost, it’s lost. Let’s just head back.”
“You don’t understand just how powerful that necklace is. Am I the only one who knows just what it’s capable of? Look, all you want is to make sure your family’s safe right? Well that necklace has the power to do so.”
“How can you be so sure? You said yourself that not even its creator knows its capabilities.”
“Well, she’s not as smart as she claims to be. The reason I know what I know is because I’ve done extensive research. I saw the signs in the stars, which I didn’t actually believe at first. I mean, who would after receiving such a crazy message? But after I joined the Coven and rifled through their books, I began to see just how much truth there was to the prophecy!” Damn, a slip of the tongue. I really hate that word. Prophecy. It’s such a stupid word belonging to those of delusional fanaticism.
“Prophecy? What do you mean?”
“Ah, this is the good part!” I continued excitedly. “I even went to a clairvoyant to see if my divination was true, though they wouldn’t confirm or deny it. You see, what I read from the stars was the pinnacle of my legacy. Unfortunately, I determined it wouldn’t happen for a number of years beyond that time, so I took certain steps to ensure I would be alive long enough to witness it myself.”
“So the prophecy wasn’t actually about the necklace, it was just about you.”
“There’s more to it than that. The stars decreed I would achieve such greatness after performing a ritual that would change the world. Said ritual required many items, one of which, and one of the few remaining I am yet to possess, is the necklace. The problem was, I had no idea where it was hidden. So in the end, after so much painfully fruitless searching, I had to drag its creator into this time. Not that I had much of a problem with that mind you. If there’s anyone I want to witness my rise to eternal stardom, it’d be none other than her.” I seriously couldn’t wait to see the look on her face once my name has been cemented throughout all time to come; that furious, vicious look of hers. I’m getting excited just thinking about it! “I knew that’d be the first thing she went for when she re-emerged into this world, and naturally, I was right!”
“That’s all well and good,” Fear muttered tiredly, “but what exactly can this necklace do to help my brothers and sisters?”
“Who really cares what some old trinket can do? Didn’t you just hear the incredible story I just told you? I’m going to be immortalised! There won’t be a time when people will stop worshipping me! Praising me! I’m just a little sad I won’t live long enough to enjoy the coming eternities!”
There was that, and also the fact of what Lily will think once my goal has been accomplished. When she finds out what will happen, the fact that she’ll lose the one thing she loves more than herself! Oh my! The look on her face! I couldn’t help but grin stupidly at the mere image of her beyond furious expressions.
“Tell me what it does now, or I’ll let you experience what my dear sister here can do.” he told me threateningly.
I looked back at the scraggly haired, straitjacket wearing woman slowly trailing along behind us. Her mutterings hadn’t stopped once since we’d released her. I know when most people say that they tend to exaggerate, this wasn’t one of those times. She’d literally been firing off rapid strings of words without rest, making me wonder if she even needed to breathe. She hadn’t even thanked us for setting her free, though she did seem to show a slight familiarity when her eyes quickly darted between her long-lost siblings, only to quickly revert back to this state shortly afterwards.
As for the threat that was just thrown my way, I had no doubt she would be able to make good on her older brother’s promise. And if Fear’s power was any indication, hers would be just as dangerous, though maybe not so much now that I had my guard up. Still, I had no desire to test my mental capabilities when I still have so much to do! At least let me look upon my favourite witch one more time, maybe then I could die contentedly. Well, after I’ve changed the world of course.
“No thanks. And I’m not going to tell you either. It would take too much time and I really can’t be bothered. Let’s just find it and be on our way. You do want to get back to the others, don’t you?”
“Of course I do! But now I’m wondering why we should be following you when we could just as easily make it on our own!”
“Yes, you could do that, but don’t forget the legions of metal creatures crawling across the land after you. How are you going to deal with those all by yourselves? Are you just going to burden Decay with all of it? How cold of you, older brother.” I sneered. That’s the thing with these unbreakable-family-bond types, they don’t want to cause any unnecessary trouble for each other.
Fear was about to say something more but held back.
“Oh, and if you need a reminder of the threat you face, just look towards those hills over there.” I told him, pointing my finger off into the distance.
Fear followed my finger to see the shining, four-legged machines off in the distance, trampling across the ground in a single direction straight for us. Just how many of these things does the Old World possess? No matter how many hundreds I destroy, they always seem to come back only hours later!
“I can’t be bothered dealing with them.” I yawned. “Feel free to do it yourself though. Show me how capable you are of defending the ones you love.”
Fear looked worryingly at the threat steadily approaching. He’s probably thinking about the other three and how they’re doing, but they should be fine. Decay’s ability was quite capable of taking on those things.
“Fine. We’ll stay until we’re free.” Fear muttered. Music to my ears.
“Alright, let’s speed this up a little then.” I said, stretching my arms out and turning towards the large field before us, ignoring the clanking and stomping far off in the distance.
I spread my arms out to my sides, palms to the skies, and felt all that delightful energy coursing through me. It started with a couple of specks of dirt, but as the seconds passed, they were replaced by large clumps of earth, rising silently through the air above us. The area affected by this reversion of gravity expanded enormously until the entire field was quietly rising around us. I placed a barrier of sorts far above our heads to act as a filter, so anything that passed through that wasn’t grass or dirt would be rejected and fall back to the ground. It already seemed to be working too as I could see a couple of skeletons, coins and buried tools come crashing back down into the growing pit.
The excavation was certainly taking a while, and with every passing minute those mindless machines were gaining ground on us. This remained true even after they’d been drowned in the filtered dirt flying above us. I didn’t think that would be enough to stop them, but my little grab for time wasn’t even slowing them down. The filtered earth kept flowing through the barrier and onto those machines, but it was about as effective as a light drizzle.
The field had been reduced to a large pit now, one that was getting increasingly more difficult to see the bottom of. Just how far was this necklace buried? Any ordinary man could spend his entire life searching for the damn thing and he’d never find it! It’s a good thing I’m such an exceptional human being!
Finally, after what seemed like half an hour, I saw something glitter amongst the rising dirt. My heart rate increased in anticipation. I leapt from my safe spot and glided through the air, grasping the round, shield-looking pendant tightly in my outstretched left hand.
At last! All that hard work has finally paid off! I’m so happy I could almost cry! In fact, I am a little! It’d be perfect if my hand wasn’t burning so much. Wait, burning? I looked down at my hand, noticing a small amount of steam rising.
Damn! I’m such a fool! I should’ve foreseen this necklace would have a curse on it! And what a curse too! I’m pouring so much of my energy into my hand, but the burning is just getting stronger. Not only that, but I can’t even release my grasp now! My fingers are frozen to this damn necklace! How could I, the most brilliant sorcerer to ever grace the land, have fallen victim to such an obvious curse?!
The burning hurt. It hurt so much I couldn’t help but cry out in pain. Sweat raced down my face as I watched my hand take on a dark purplish colour. Another curse? First a burning curse, then a latching curse and now a corruption curse? What the hell? Does Lily do this to all her equipment?
The corruption didn’t just stop at my hand, very slowly it crept along my skin, infesting my wrist and forearm. At the speed this was spreading, I’d say I have about seven minutes until I’m completely devoured by it. There was only one thing left for me to do.
I acted with calculated thought, bracing myself for the inevitable pain. My right arm seemed to move by itself as it was raised then dropped like a guillotine over my cursed arm’s shoulder. My hand passed through the flesh and bone as if it were butter, splattering large quantities of blood into the darkness below, trailing quickly after my arm as it disappeared into the depths of the pit. My cries of intense pain followed shortly after.
My breathing was ragged, my forehead drenched in sweat and my teeth were gritting together in agony; oh how I wished it would just end there. I placed my one free hand over my wound and screamed again as the gushing blood was vaporised into a column of steam. I removed my hand from the cauterised wound and breathed a sigh of relief. Hopefully my body can adjust to only having one arm. Heh, does this give new meaning to the phrase “Costs an arm and a leg”, or does it just revisit the original one? At least I’ve made my payment now, all that’s left to do is reap the benefits.
The pain didn’t subside, but at least I was safe, for now. I should have managed to prevent the curse from spreading, I just won’t be able to touch my severed arm anymore. Looks like I’ll have to carry it with magic from here on out, something I should’ve done the moment that necklace was within my sight. Like a true fool, I’d let my greed blind my judgement, leaving a single burning emotion tearing my insides apart: anger. Anger at my own carelessness, anger at the witch who cursed the necklace, and an ever-growing anger at the Old World for sending those inhuman devices after us. I needed to do something about this, about the unquenchable rage devouring my heart.
 I turned an angry glare towards my several hundred annoyances still approaching.
“Enough of this.” I muttered, rising high into the air.
I angled my body forward and shot through the air in a high arc, streaking towards the centre of the crawling metal beasts. The air was torn apart by blue beams as the machines aimed their various weapons at me, though none of them were able to strike anything but my afterimages. I slipped by every last one of those beams and plummeted into the ground, striking out fist first. The impact generated a powerful shockwave that blasted away anything in the immediate vicinity; just a prelude for what was to come.
The second after my fist was buried wrist deep into the tough soil, an innumerable amount of spears harder than rock pierced towards the sky, stabbing through anything in their way. The spears rose in a wave pushing outwards in a circle, covering several hundred metres. The metal beasts were ripped apart with ease, many of which were blown apart by violent explosions, while the few that remained largely intact shuddered sporadically, continuously spewing out crimson coloured sparks.
I took a deep breath before leaping back into the sky to see the damage done. None of the hundreds of metal creatures were moving anymore, meaning we were safe for another couple of hours. Well, it’s not like these creations of man were going to do any serious damage to me, but at least we wouldn’t be bothered for a while.
I glided slowly back over to where Fear was trying to comfort Insanity. That broad’s absolutely crazy, I doubt anything he’s saying is getting through to her at all. Of course, I could be wrong about that, and I’ve had my suspicions for a while now, but, could it all be some sort of ruse? I have this stabbing feeling they’re plotting to betray me at some point. My guess is Fear’s been using his ability to test the waters, to try and see just how much I can withstand before I crack. It’s really only a matter of time before they turn on me, I just hope their use has ended by that stage.
As I glided softly back through the air, I pointed my open palm to the depths of that enormous pit and called my severed arm back to my side. It took a little while before I could see it. You’d never guess it was mine, what with being completely covered by that rotten curse and all. I felt a little sad to see a piece of myself in such a sorry state, but I guess this is just the price I’ll have to pay for my name to be known amongst the future generations.
A great change is on the horizon, and I, Brady, will be the hero who ushers it in!
Gods Among Us

I knocked the spear-tip aside with a last-minute draw of my sword. The Keeper’s body spun sideways in motion with his spear, but he was able to use that momentum to throw his feet into the back of my blade, kicking it with such force I was thrown of balance. Me! Thrown off balance by a single kick! And his movements didn’t stop there either. As I staggered slightly, the Keeper’s spear had made a complete revolution and was now tracing an arc towards my neck at a speed faster than the eye could track.
I could see my end shining off that metallic spear-tip. It’s strange, you hear all these stories about what happens when someone’s about to die, like their life flashing before their eyes or everything suddenly slowing down, but there was none of that. I didn’t see the cruelty shown by my parents, the same cruelty I inflicted on others, and I certainly didn’t experience a slowing of time. I did feel a strange sense of peace and content however, as that silver glint drew closer and closer to my neck, but I never felt that brief pain which had caused so many others to scream their lungs out when met with a similar fate.
I had unconsciously closed my eyes with a grimace when I knew there was no avoiding it, so when I reopened them again, I was astonished to find the Keeper crouching low about ten metres away, his spear readied in an unconventional stance, just glaring at Archibald who’d been frozen still all this time.
My heart was beating rapidly with a mix of fear and excitement. Never have I come across a foe as dangerous as this, including Lily, and my body was telling me there was a very good chance I could be slain here. At long last, I might finally be able to harness the power of a Martyr! But it’s not like I can just wait and accept that fact, I’ll fight with my own power for as long as I can, though I doubt that will be enough. It was the way this man moved, how he carried himself, that told me there was a reason why he’d lived for over a thousand years, and it wasn’t just because he was immortal. Speaking of which, the flickering of those death lines are showing me this guy has about as much as Archibald does.
“Hey Mary,” I whispered, never taking my eyes of the unmoving shadow, “I thought you said this guy was immortal. I can see those lines all over him!”
“I said he was ageless, not immortal.”
Okay, I know I just said it wasn’t because of his immortality alone that he was alive, but to learn that it was solely because of his skills? I was in awe. Mary had mentioned something about this before, but, come on! He can bleed just as easily as the rest of us! He can be killed! And yet he’s still standing here with that violent, deathly aura after a thousand years of existence. It was no miracle he’s been able to last this long, and I was only just beginning to understand what that meant. What was clear, however, was just how severely outmatched I was, which makes me beg the question, why did he pull back his swing? And why is he still giving Archibald such a deathly glare?
“Rain!” Archibald cried in a whisper. “Do something!”
“Why should I help you?”
“This is the thanks I get for intervenin’? I knew I shouldn’t have done it! But if he’s not attackin’ you, he’s gonna come after us!”
“Intervening? What are yo-”
My body moved on its own, a mere fraction of a second after the Keeper’s as he transformed into a blur and shot straight for the petrified thief. I was far closer so I would easily be able to intercept the attack, but I never made it that far. I barely caught it, but I saw the Keeper’s wrist flash just before I collapsed forward, feeling sharp stabbing pains coming from my knees. Extremely confused and unfamiliar to this experience, I quickly looked to the source of my pain and saw two sharp, incredibly thin needles jutting out of the gaps in my armour. The shock of learning there were actually gaps like that in my armour was quickly overshadowed by curiosity when I noticed the moonlight shining off the thin steel wires attached to the ends of the needles, trailing off in the direction of the Keeper. What I felt next was excruciatingly painful. My whole body felt like it had been struck with ten bolts of lightning all at once. I shuddered extremely violently, which continued in spasms afterwards, and I broke the air with a thunderous cry of agony.
I slumped to my side, unable to move, still somehow able to maintain consciousness. I felt some small fragile hands gently run themselves over the back of my head, probably belonging to Mary since the mere touch seemed to alleviate a fraction of the pain, though I was still unable lift a finger.
My inexplicable agony had all happened in the space of a single second, which was all the time the Keeper needed to make it within striking distance of his cowering prey. Luckily for Archibald, the substantial fear rendering his body useless had, and this was bordering on miraculous, been drowned out by his desire to continue living, which was all well and good, but he still hadn’t drawn his weapon yet. Actually, that might have been my fault. I seem to recall splintering his sword into scrap or something. Anyway, without a weapon drawn, Archibald instead held his arms loosely apart as if he were taunting the intimidating beast before him. The spear-tip glistened in the moonlight as it danced through the air, as if to answer the call, and yet, even with all the unnecessary movements, there was not a single opening to be taken advantage of. Archibald took a step back, most likely out of panic than anything else, showed a smug but uneasy smile and held out a hand as if he were attempting to shield himself from the attack, which is when I saw what he was up to. The edges around his palms were shimmering, rippling the very air around them, and his actual palms were coloured as dark as the night sky.
“Not this time.” muttered the horribly grave voice.
Archibald’s face twisted into something of extreme shock and panic. Just a few words was all it took to break his composure as he seemed to realise something terrible. He immediately pulled back, but there was no way he could avoid the incredible speed of our formidable opponent.
Archibald screamed horribly as the spear narrowly avoid taking off his hand, slashing diagonally across his chest and splattering the ground with a small amount of blood. Considering how much, well, how little blood was drawn, the scream was definitely overkill. He immediately fell backwards to the ground and kicked back frantically as the space he’d previously inhabited was pierced again and again by the deadly spear. That man must have the devil’s luck to avoid all those consecutive attacks like that with little more than scratches to show. Time and again Archibald was able to avoid a vicious impalement by scrambling away by a hair’s breadth. I couldn’t help but be captivated, mesmerised by Archibald’s peculiar movements, but that was beside the point. Things were not going well for us.
I forced myself to shakily raise a finger, and while that was still pathetic, it was enough for what I needed. I was no longer paralysed.
“Lord Nex...” I croaked with the feebleness of an elderly person about to breathe their last. “Give me the power... to slay my foes...”
A powerful gust exploded outwardly the moment I let the last word escape my lips. I felt the intoxicating power envelope my body once more. I’ve never liked using this power. It isn’t my own strength I rely on once I utter the verbal command, and what’s the point of slaying enemies if you don’t use your own strength? That’s where half the fun comes from! But the feeling, the rush of all this power pumping through my being was blissful, so much so in fact that if I let my focus falter for a moment, I would be in serious danger of becoming addicted to it. Unfortunately, I had to maintain incredible willpower for that not to happen. I can only harness my Lord’s power for a mere twenty minutes before the toll becomes too great for my body. After that, well, I’ve only heard rumours of what’s happened to previous disciples.
The surge of power didn’t just add to my strength alone. It grants me many abilities so I may execute my Lord’s charges of death and violence, one of which is the ability to regenerate. As death and violence can mostly be found during wars, it would be a shame if I were to be cut down during the midst of it all, so this power ensures I will be standing tall at the end. That being said, I really haven’t had to use it much during those times. It’s strange though, my eye should’ve regenerated back when I fought the Chimaera beast. I bet it’s because of something that bitch did to me.
The paralysis left my body the moment the powerful winds had dispersed. I got to my feet the instant I plucked out the steel needles, which I think might have surprised Mary a little, though she didn’t show much on her emotionless face besides an inquisitive look.
“Mary,” I said, heading towards the one-sided fight, “take Maki and whatever’s left of Archibald and head into the trees. Fix Lily now.”
Ugh, I felt sick after saying that. I loathed having to say it. Absolutely loathed it. But, she was a very powerful sorcerer and, as much as I hate to admit it, I don’t think my power alone is enough to handle this.
“Alright.” Mary replied quietly. “The medicine will take fifteen minutes to create and another ten for it to take effect. Will you be able to last that long?”
“I’ll be able to hold that monster back for that long.” I muttered as I broke into a run. I thought I heard her mumble something back like “I meant your body”, but I couldn’t be sure. I wouldn’t put it past her for noticing just how much of a strain I was under, then again it could just be me wishing someone would notice and acknowledge my sacrifice for once.
The flowers and plants surrounding me began to elongate and blur as I shot across the ground at a speed that surpassed human. Archibald’s luck was running out as quickly as he was gaining scratches on his body, but it looks like Lady Luck still isn’t quite ready to let go of him just yet. I still find it unbelievable he’s managed to last this long against such an incredibly skilled opponent. It was amazing, he displayed an incredible flexibility with his uncanny dodges and dives that seemed to repel even death itself!
“Do not prolong death any further.” whispered the horrible, calm voice. “Your fate was sealed the moment you entered this sanctuary.”
Archibald’s breathing was incredibly heavy and ragged, his condition growing worse with every throw of his body, but he still managed to throw an aggravatingly arrogant smile to his attacker. He really wasn’t going to last much longer. To me this was like a dream come true, or it would have been if only I wasn’t forced to save him. If I somehow fail to stop this murderous entity, Archibald will at least be able to provide a distraction for a couple of minutes to buy some time.
Archibald got to his feet and swayed uncertainly as he staggered slightly. He looked into the eyes of his would-be killer, that smile never lifting from his face. I’ve got to hand it to him for staring down someone like that, in that unfaltering manner, since I’ve only met a couple of people in all the hundreds I’ve killed leave this life in a similar fashion.
Because Archibald’s composure had impressed me slightly, I decided I would prevent any further harm to him and increased my speed even further. Every step I took created large craters in the ground, throwing a thick trail of dirt behind me, which was quickly pulled along when the vacuum I’d opened in my wake was filled with air once more.
Here’s something many people don’t seem to realise about increased speed, nothing around you slows down, it remains at the same speed, which is why I barely caught the glint of the Keeper’s silver spear as it drove its way towards the centre of Archibald’s chest.
It all happened in the space of a fraction of a second and I was suddenly upon the two of them. Neither of them noticed me as I continued to run with my sword drawn and ready to cut through the neck of terrible foe.
The Keeper was still in his stabbing motion, unaware of his imminent decapitation, even as I hurtled towards him. Less than a second now and it’ll all be ov- what?! No!
All of a sudden, I was staring straight into the depths of his cold, hateful eyes. His head hadn’t budged an inch, it was just his eyes that had flitted instantly to the side, sending a violent chill that shook my spine uncomfortably, but I refused to allow my conviction to waver because of this; I was taking this man’s head here and now!
I swung my sword with all my enhanced speed and strength, making it uncontrollable even to me as the wielder, and aimed it straight at my target’s neck. With a twist of his body, the Keeper instantly changed the course of his spear, so it was now making a one-handed strike overhead. There was no stopping my attack now, which I thought was pretty obvious really, even he should’ve realised as much, but perhaps the confidence he’d placed in his skills was clouding his judgement. It doesn’t matter really, all it’s going to do is just speed up the conclusion of this battle.
Judging by the arc of the Keeper’s spear he wasn’t going to make it in time to parry or defend my slash. I watched with an absolute feeling of assured victory, but it all disappeared in a split second. Something went wrong and effectively turned all that assurance into dreadful terror. I immediately realised the Keeper had no intention of defending himself against my attack, but there was nothing I could do to stop him as the tip of his spear hit the flat of my blade and his feet lifted off the ground. His body vaulted sideways over my uncontrollable blade while I desperately tried to pull it back around, but there was no way I was going to recover in time. I’d put my all into that attempt and the only thing that stopped me was when I was forcefully thrown back the moment the Keeper’s heel crushed my nose. Well, at least I’d managed to spare Archibald’s life, whatever good that will do. Speaking of Archibald, it looks like he’d managed to escape, well, more like disappear since I can’t find a trace of him anywhere. That’s strange, I didn’t think he had the kind of speed to just instantly vanish like that. Why didn’t he use it before?
My body battered against the ground, unable to control myself against the force of the Keeper’s kick, until suddenly I made contact with something solid, yet soft, that gave a shrill cry of pain the moment I hit it. I came to a gradual rolling stop and got to my feet quickly, thanks entirely to the regenerative powers I’d been granted. I looked over curiously to find out what I’d struck and could only see a lumpy piece of torn cloth piled on the ground. It shuddered suddenly and shakily rose to a human’s height.
“What the hell are ya doin?” cried Archibald tearfully. “I save your life with my magnificent power and you repay me by flattenin’ me?!”
Oh, so that’s why the Keeper had suddenly changed targets to him. I think I understand now, Archibald must have done something, opened a portal or whatever, during the Keeper’s first attack. That also explains why our enemy had retreated instantly before his blow landed.
“Whatever,” I muttered, conveying about as much appreciation as required. “Don’t get angry with me though, it’s your own fault for standing right in my path. What’re you doing here anyway?”
“I fell through a portal to escape and ended up here! Do ya really hate me that much that you’d try and take my life when ya have bigger things to worry about?”
“I do actually, but if I wanted you dead, you’d be dead.”
“I doubt that.” smirked the thief. “You want him dead don’t you?” he asked, throwing a thumb behind him to the rapidly approaching monster.
“Shut up.” I growled. “He’ll meet his maker soon enough. For now just go into those trees and meet up with Mary. If you want to live through this, you’ll protect them in any way you can.”
“Fine, fine. You don’t have to tell me twice.” he muttered, sinking into the ground like it was the most natural thing in the world. And just like that, only the Keeper and I remained in the garden.
When The Rain Falls

The Keeper walked slowly towards me, his spear swaying loosely by his side. He stopped momentarily to kneel at the small craters I’d left behind in my attempt to save Archibald. His hand gripped the spear’s shaft tightly in anger, causing it to shake slightly, while the look on his face was a chaotic mess of sorrow and rage. Standing up, he turned towards me and approached with a quickened pace. I held my sword out in front like some novice at a training hall.
“How could you?” muttered the horrible voice, still able to send shivers down my spine. “Her favourite place... You come in uninvited, destroying all of her precious flowers like it doesn’t matter. Death is too good for you.”
“Yeah, see, I’m not dying tonight. I will be leaving this place alive, which I cannot say goes the same for you.”
“You think the power your false gods give you will save you? It’s been an eternity since I last laughed.”
“How do you know of that? Anyone who sees this form meets with death shortly after.” I told him plainly, ignoring the words of blasphemy.
“Not unless they die first. You think you’re the first to come after me with that feeble power? You’re just as deluded as they were.”
“None of my predecessors are anything like me. Something you would do well to remember.” I warned. “Now that you know what you’re fighting against, it would be in your best interest to let us leave quietly, without further incident. If not, then you’ll feel the wrath of the God of Death and Violence.”
“Your false gods are powerless against me. You know nothing of what true power is. All of you weak warriors rely on another’s strength, and that is why you will never overcome true power.”
It was strange. There was no emotion behind his words. It was like all he spewed was truth and nothing else, or at least he believed it to be anyway.
“Enough of this.” The Keeper muttered as he readied his unconventional stance once more. “Your lives were already forfeit the moment you defiled this sanctuary with your filthy presence. You will all fall.”
My enhanced power was still only barely able to register his movements when he shot along the ground with his spear pointed straight at my chest. This time however, I was able to quickly sidestep the thin needles produced with a flash of his hand, and even had time to raise my blade to intercept his serpent-like strike. The sharp clash of steel on steel shook my ears and the blow itself was powerful enough to slide me back across the ground. The Keeper flipped high into the air, aiming for my head with a blur of quick stabs, but I was able to block each and every one of them with the flat of my blade. I twisted my body around in the same instance my foe landed and jumped through the air to avoid a sweeping attack by my legs. Normally I would’ve just taken the hit and let my armour shatter my opponent’s weapon, but my instincts were screaming at me to do otherwise. I had a terrible feeling the only thing to break would be the shining metal protecting my legs.
I fell back to the ground blade first, cleaving out a huge chunk of the earth beneath. The Keeper nimbly cartwheeled to the side and sent another thrust at my body. Again I blocked with the flat of my blade, but the shrill clash suddenly sounded much duller and weaker. Was I wearing him down already? I mean, it’s extremely hard to keep up a prolonged fight like he’s been doing. First against me, then chasing after Archibald, before coming after me again. Not many people would have the stamina for a battle like this, but luckily I had Lord Nex on my side. The power granted by my Lord would allow me to fight right up until the moment it runs out; if this was going to be a battle of endurance, I alone would know victory.
Knowing I was able to keep up with his attacks gave me a new resolve. Each strike he attempted, I could block, there was no disputing that. The time for gauging my opponent’s strength has passed, now I shall take to the offensive.
The moment I heard that dull clang I moved to attack. My blade drew a line diagonally down through the air, missing the Keeper’s torso as he lightly stepped back, following up his little dance with another strong thrust. His spearhead scratched my cheek as I moved forward with an upwards cutting motion, but it again failed to hit the nimble little monkey. I kicked off the ground with my enhanced speed and came within an arm’s reach and saw for the first time what the Keeper actually looked like without the shadows shrouding his face. He had a youthful face, weathered terribly by lines of sorrow and agony. His eyes were empty aside from the desire to kill, displaying the most intense look I’ve ever seen, which actually caused my body to go cold. His pursed lips didn’t even slightly quiver as he continued to stare at me with that empty face, which I found odd. Shouldn’t he be breathing hard if he were running out of stamina? But if he wasn’t, then why was the noise of our blades clashing becoming duller still?
I lashed out with the handle of my weapon once I was close enough, hoping to feel the soft fleshy impact of his body, but only met the hardness of the shaft of his spear. Still, my attempt was able to push him back through the air. He performed a simple backflip, landing daintily on his feet and spun out of the way of my blade that came crashing down on top of him, following that up with another strike aimed at my back. I turned around quickly and intercepted the spear with the flat of my blade, hearing the most frightening sound I’ve only ever heard when I was in the opposite position. My eyes opened wide with shock, barely able to process that the unthinkable had just happened.
Time seemed to slow at that point, an event I was finally able to personally experience, though I’d much rather it had never come to that. Shards of steel exploded in every direction as the bottom half of my heavy sword completely separated from the rest of it. In the midst of all those glinting shards was one solid, pointed chunk heading straight for my stomach. My mighty sword had shattered.
I’ve never felt the pain that followed before, the sensation of something sharp and thick piercing through my stomach. My armour gave way like it were made of paper, providing almost no resistance or protection whatsoever as I was gutted right there on the spot. It was painful. No, painful doesn’t even come close to the feeling of one’s organs tearing apart like that. Agony maybe? No, still not enough. There’s no word for this kind of pain, probably because there have been very few survivors of such an injury, and the ones that have, have unconsciously blocked the sensation from their minds.
I roared in pain, or at least I think I did. It was hard to tell. I was in so much terrible, terrible agony, for lack of a better word, that I couldn’t make sense or process what was happening outside of my stomach. All I knew was the further in the spear was pushed, the more it hurt by an unfathomable margin. I thought I might feel some relief when it completely passed through my back, but that was only wishful thinking. And then, he pulled it out. Hours seemed to pass as all the strength faded from my body, but in reality it had probably only been a couple of seconds. I didn’t feel much after that as I collapsed into the growing pool of blood beneath me.
“H-how?” I forced out with a heavy and painful cough.
“Because you foolishly believed your strength was enough to match my own.” he replied simply, without emotion. “It took nine strikes to crack your blade, and you did nothing about it. The tenth pierced it and still you believed you had the upper hand. The eleventh blow saw to your end.”
No, eleven hits would never damage my thick blade, not unless... He couldn’t have! Not in the heat of battle like that! The only way he could’ve pierced through my sword was if he’d continuously hit the exact same point over and over again, but that kind of precision just doesn’t exist! Not with me swinging it around in an unpredictable manner like that, not when he should be worrying about keeping his head attached to his neck! Unless, he was never worried about dying in the first place, like the thought of me killing him had never even crossed his mind. Did I never stand a chance to begin with? I think I finally understand just how fearsome of a monster this mortal man really is.
Well, at least I can finally attain the power I need to rescue my dear Violet. I don’t even think my impressive regenerative abilities will be able to keep me alive anymore.
“I know what you’re thinking.” the Keeper uttered in an almost whisper-like voice. “You were promised great power upon death, that you would return to the living as a being unparalleled. Such foolish delusions are the reasons why you faithful followers never live long.”
“Heh,” I breathed painfully. “Just wait and see... I shall become more powerful... than you could possibly... imagine...”
“You won’t. I’ve killed many of your kind before, and none of them ever rose from the dead. Why do you think you’ve never met one before?”
“Heh, say what you want... I won’t fall for it...”
“You will die knowing your gods are liars and fakes. You will curse them from the afterlife as you’re never able to take your revenge.” the Keeper muttered turning towards the forest with his bloodied spear in hand.
“S-stop...” I muttered, throwing a hand out in a futile attempt to stop him.
I cried out as my hand was impaled and stuck to the ground, groaning through gritted teeth as the spear was pulled slowly back out. The Keeper didn’t even spare me a glance as he continued to walk without missing a step, until suddenly, he stopped. He brought his spear up in a defensive position just in time to block himself against a tremendous impact that’d thrown him off-balance. I opened my eyes in shock, wondering just who was capable of doing that to the Keeper, who up until now hadn’t taken a single hit.
“My, my,” mocked an annoying voice. “I leave you alone for a few minutes and this is what happens? The mighty warrior on his deathbed, now this is a sight mistress would love.”
“M-Maki...”
“You sound surprised.” he said, his little body bouncing lazily through the air until he was a comfortable distance from our great foe.
“Why...”
“Because you failed.” the little rodent spat. “I really thought you’d put up more of fight, but I guess mistress was right about you. You really are a weak and worthless dog.”
I gritted my teeth again, but for a different reason this time. I hated this filthy toy so much, an emotion that barely begins to scratch the surface of how I feel about his mistress.
“You know, if it weren’t for your lack of competence, I wouldn’t have had to come out here. I waited as long as I could, but didn’t you fall too quickly? Why weren’t you able to last longer than that against this fool?”
Does he mean he waited until I was fatally wounded before he showed up? Why the hell didn’t he step in before all that? I guess it doesn’t really matter though, once I become a Martyr, I’ll show them just what power is. I’ll start by turning that bloated furball into a nice rag or something.
“The look on your face seems to be pleading, ‘Why? Oh why didn’t you come save me earlier?’” he mimicked in an infuriatingly mocking way. I think it annoyed me even more because of his surprisingly accurate tone of voice. “Well, my unintelligent, dim-witted and stupid person that I know, it’s because neither I, nor mistress, would give it a second thought if you were to perish so pitifully. So you, unlike that worthless thief, can die right here and now for all I care.”
I feel like there were three too many unnecessary insults thrown in there, but putting that aside until I can wrangle the apologies out of him later, what’s so important about Archibald?
“‘What’s so important about a worthless thief?’ Well, I suppose I can tell you that too. He can’t come out here because he’d most certainly die. There’s no doubt about it! And I can’t let that happen. Not when I know mistress would very much like to seek some sort of wonderfully, beautiful kind of retribution for the item he stole. The torment he’d suffer... I’m very jealous!” he drooled with an ecstatic smile.
I see. Well, I wish I could feel bad for the guy, but I can’t. I just, can’t.
“Now then,” Maki began as he turned his floppy head back to the Keeper, who was busy gauging just how powerful his new target was. The Keeper’s lips were pursed together tightly as he tried to hold back the furious emotions from breaking out across his face. “Can’t let you go into that forest just yet, and I won’t be able to kill you, so why don’t we just take a break and wait another five minutes?”
Maki’s question was met with a swift stab of the spear, which was easily avoided with a lazy bounce to the side, turning his back in the same movement. It was a move received very poorly by the Keeper, who’d managed to turn the stifling air all kinds of biting coldness.
“I thought as much.” Maki mumbled as his strangely slow movements somehow ensured his survival. “This feeling in the air. You’re no ordinary warrior. Mistress will be pleased indeed.”
“Return to the earth homunculus. You have no right to wander this world.”
“Heh, no thanks. I remember what there was before I woke up, and I can only say this world is so much more entertaining.”
The spear whirred through the air at an imperceptible speed, but even that wasn’t enough to land a blow. I could barely follow the movements now that my Lord’s power had faded completely. Fury had evolved into rage as the Keeper continued to stack the emotions on top of each other with every missed strike, until finally, a thin scratch appeared on Maki’s cheek, allowing for a small amount of cotton to burst through. At the moment of contact, Maki darted out of reach and hovered on the spot once he was convinced he was safely out of harm’s way.
“Heh, now you’ve gone and done it.” Maki laughed, a laugh filled entirely with scorn.
The poorly built bunny’s body glowed brightly almost instantly, accompanied by a thick cloud of white smoke. From inside the cloud, Maki let out an unseemly obnoxious laugh.
“Thanks for releasing the limiter.” the little critter cried. “Mistress placed it on me because she was worried I would steal some fun from her, not that I would or anything.” I beg to differ. He’d do anything if it meant he got punished for it. “But now that I’ve been struck, I can come at you with my full power!”
There was a deafening crack that shook the air, kind of like the sound of thunder only far more intense, and a loud ringing sound drummed through my ears. The white cloud enshrouding Maki exploded out the back, dissipating all around and leaving no trace that anything had been there. A roar of wind suddenly rushed in the opposite direction of the explosion, tearing the ground in a straight line towards the Keeper who was mysteriously thrown off balance again, and then the air was returned to its previously tense state.
I don’t know what just happened. My eyes are too blurry and heavy, in fact it’s getting harder and harder to make out anything other than just generic shapes, I couldn’t lift a muscle thanks to all that blood leaving my body, and to top it all off, my usually keen senses were going haywire. I mean, they’d have to be right? There’s no way Maki actually broke the speed of light right? And even more, for the Keeper to be able to defend himself against that kind of speed? This blood loss is really doing me in, not to mention making me all kinds of delusional.
Several more tears in the ground appeared, all pointed towards the Keeper and all accompanied by that deafening boom. The Keeper’s guard was broken several times amidst a shower of sparks, but he recovered quickly from each instance in time to parry whatever was striking at him the following second, until suddenly four thin lines of blood were thrown into the air, originating from the four red streaks that appeared on his shoulder. The Keeper didn’t cry out or stagger once he was struck, he just continued to move as he did before.
“It’s been a while since I last bled. A good reminder of my mortality, and the reason why I will not be slain by the likes of you.” the Keeper said emotionlessly, slamming the bottom of his spear into the ground and pushing his palm out towards a newly created tear in the ground. “Now die.”
I closed my eyes at that moment, the struggle to remain awake burdening me too much, but I was able to hear the soft sound of bones breaking, the wet splat of a body slamming into something, and the muffled, pained cry from Maki. There were no more claps of thunder after that. I guess that means Maki has fallen. I knew he was all talk, but geez, he barely lasted a couple of minutes!
“Two corpses, three remain.” the Keeper said as I heard his footsteps trail off towards the forest. Wait a minute? Did he say three? How did he – no, that’s not important right now.
Isn’t it funny? I’m lying on my deathbed, right where I’ve always wanted to be, and yet I couldn’t help a certain desire from surfacing. After all that talk of becoming a Martyr and now this miserable display. I couldn’t help it! My instincts right now are betraying my beliefs, telling me not to die, but then again, hasn’t it always been like this? It’s why I’ve never been able to commit suicide. Not because I’m looking for the one that will best me, but because I couldn’t be completely sure I would become a Martyr. And those words, what the Keeper had said about the previous disciples, I just couldn’t get them out of my head. The way he’d spoken them as if he were only speaking the plain truth. But, why would my Lord lie to me? No! None of this matters right now! All I know is that I can’t die here.
“What?!” the Keeper suddenly cried in a panicked state, completely different from how he’d been behaving up until now. “No!”
His roar was full of fear and anger, a tone that screamed desperation. I heard his feet move incredibly quickly off into the distance, towards the forest, until I could hear him no more, which was when a new sound split the air, coming from far away but otherwise as clear as day.
“Ki ki ke ke ke!” cackled a shrill, horrible voice. Judging from the direction it came from, not to mention how arrogant and sickening it was, it could only have belonged to one person, but it sounded a bit old actually, like someone in their late eighties. Ah well, I’ve got bigger things to worry about at the moment.
I used up the last of my strength pleading for Lord Nex’s power once more. I’ve only heard the stories about overuse, but I don’t have much of a choice right now. I think I’ll take the gamble.
I felt the power flow through me once more, far more intoxicating than any of the other times I’ve used it. I could feel my consciousness slipping away, and not because I was dying.
I realised in that moment, I’ve made a huge mistake.
Terror Awakens

Oh? What is this place? There’s so much energy in the air! How wonderful, but not in a good way. This energy, it feels so loving, understanding, pleasant, all such horrible and sweet emotions! How foul! It makes me want to be sick! There is, however, a darker emotion flickering about in there, something that, when given the right push, can lead someone down a very dark path. That feeling, is sorrow.
I’m sure of it. It may be drowned out by these other sensations right now, but the feeling of sorrow is clearly evident, throbbing out painfully against all else. That’s not all either, I can feel it dragging me off into the distance, to wherever these feelings originate from. There’s a source, I know that much, and my! What a powerful source it is! It was the kind of power that one (me) would desire for themselves.
I sat up with great, aching effort. My eyes were so heavy they refused to open for me, but I was okay with that. Not content, just okay. My strength would return over time, especially with this mysterious power flowing through the air revitalising my sore muscles and joints. Wherever this is coming from, I need to know. My own power level is quite low, depressingly so in fact, probably thanks to the fact I had to purge all those other souls I’d gathered until now. Luckily, I can still feel the Chimaera’s soul somewhere within, though it was so very weak. It needs some fuel, and what’s this? I think I can hear the movements of people very close by! I wonder if Rain is with them? I knew he’d come in handy eventually as a free soul.
“Hey!” an idiotic voice murmured. I could’ve sworn I’d heard this one before. “Is she even conscious?”
“She should be.” replied the tired, emotionless voice of a female doll. “If she can sit up like that, she should be conscious.”
Who are they calling “she”? Have they no respect for the mighty Crimson Lily? Enough of this! It’s time I greet these buffoons and show them how gratitude is given where I’m from.
Two hapless fools stared back at me the moment my eyes snapped open. The girl, wearing a plain black dress with a ribbon tied around her neck, showed me the emotionless face of a doll, while the boy paled at an incomprehensible rate.
“You...” hissed an unfamiliar voice as I clenched my hand into a claw and forced the foolish thief to his hands and knees. I quickly realised how little power I possessed, but even this paltry amount was enough to override the strength the pathetic thief possessed.
“S-stop!” gasped the wretch struggling to breathe.
“And why should I?” There it was again! The unfamiliar croaking voice of an old hag! But how does this crone know exactly what I want to say?
Suddenly, the plain girl’s plain face consumed my vision, coming disturbingly close to my own. If I were a brutish woman, I would have bitten her nose clean off at this range, but I’m a little classier than that. Instead, I sucked in some air, pursed my lips and blew out a sharp gust that had the exact amount of power to slightly move someone’s hair. I was disappointed with the result. What I’d been aiming to do was blow her head completely off her shoulders, but all I could manage was to puncture a pellet-sized hole in the plain girl’s throat, and the reaction I was given was even more underwhelming. Not a single drop of blood seeped out of the wound in her throat, and that wasn’t even the worst part! This plain girl didn’t even seem to take notice of the damage to her neck! She does know she’s just suffered a fatal wound right? Huh, maybe she hasn’t.
“It’s not your fault you were born a halfwit, but I have no time to play with little dead girls.” muttered the crone’s voice, much to my growing agitation. “Get out of the way simpleton! I have business with the thief.”
A withered old hand covered in wrinkles reached out from my body and pushed the plain girl’s face out of my sight, which weirdly required a lot more strength and effort than it should have. Actually, that feeble effort had worn me out greatly, and the struggle of getting to my feet tired me out even more! When I was finally standing on two shaky legs, my back refused to straighten, threatening me with severe pain every time I tried. There was nothing I could do but stand hunched over and stare at the depressing, decrepit hand that had shoved the plain girl into a weird pose on the ground. Then I realised something so shocking, so devastating, that I was left dumbfounded.
Panic invaded my heart, a very unfamiliar feeling if I’m being totally honest, to such a severe degree that I was forced to immediately look at my other hand, and feel the same panic and despair as a second ago. I let out a croaky cry of shock and the withered hands - my withered hands, clenched furiously.
“What... what’s happened to me?!” I cried angrily, training my gaze on the thief still on his hands and knees. All he could do in the way of a reply was gasp and splutter for air, forcing me to release my hold on him.
“I don’t know what happened to ya body.” he finally managed to force out after several desperate breaths. “Apparently ya fell unconscious right after we met and wouldn’t wake up. In the end we brought ya here because we needed a plant or somethin’.”
“How long have I been asleep for?” I hissed, fighting back every urge to claw out the thief’s throat.
“Beats me.” the buffoon said with a shrug of his shoulders, getting to his feet. He’s really testing my patience with that annoyed tone, like I’m the one bothering him. “Could’ve been a week, could’ve been a coupla months. Who can say?”
I see. I think I’m beginning to understand it now. Of course I’d age so terribly in the course of a week, I had to purge all that mystical energy I was keeping to make me all young and beautiful. Without that, and with no source flowing into me, it’s only natural my ability to defy ageing would weaken. Oh, that reminds me! Normally I wouldn’t have had to worry about something as minute as this, but usually I’d be wearing my necklace.
I raised my hand and brought the thief to his knees again, taking careful note that the skin around the back of my hand had begun to tighten a little. It must be the powerful energy flowing through the air. If I were to wait a couple of hours, I have no doubt I’d return to my usual glorious self. Ah, but that can wait for later, in the meantime...
“I’ve little time to be playing around right now, so hand over what you stole and I’ll make your death slightly quicker than I originally intended.” I croaked angrily.
“I... don’t... have it... anymore...” gasped the doomed man.
“What? Then where is it?”
“Left it... in a field...”
“Raise your hands.” I demanded.
Yep, there’s that wonderful curse mark. No wonder he decided to ditch it, though this guy must be pretty weak if he was able to let go of it before it got to the corruption phase, but I guess that much was obvious. See, that necklace first brands people who hold it, then it latches onto them making it impossible to remove, but that’s only if the person holding it is powerful enough, and then finally the corruption begins to siphon the holder’s power into the necklace where it’s stored for my personal use later on. Quite brilliant if you ask me.
“It’s too bad I can’t kill you just yet. But don’t fear, once you show me where you dropped it, I’ll be more than happy to show you my gratitude.” I smiled wickedly, making the thief even paler than before. “For now,” I quickly and tightly clenched my fist, hearing the wonderful sound of bones breaking and a grown man’s screams, “I’ll just have to break your legs. Can’t have you trying to flee before you come through on your end of the agreement.”
The thief lay crippled on his stomach, groaning painfully as I turned away. My necklace can wait for the moment, right now I need to return to my former glory. To do that, I just need to find the source of this powerful energy in the air.
I only made it a few steps before a frail hand grasp my arm. I turned around to see the plain girl still very much alive.
“You again? I thought I killed you already?” I croaked out loud. “Never mind, I’m in a hurry so I don’t have time to play with mutes.”
I started walking off again, but the hand refused to let go.
“Don’t test your luck girl. I’ll forgive your little interference earlier, but I’m warning you. If you don’t let go now you’ll regret it.”
I thought I made myself very clear on the matter, but obviously I was wrong. The plain girl did remove her hand from my arm, sure, but then she lightly placed her palms on my cheeks and pulled me in closer. I was a little surprised.
“Hey hey! I don’t even know your name and you’re getting so shamelessly close to me.” I smiled, licking my lips and leaning forward. I’ve always wanted to try this, sucking out a soul through another’s lips, just like a kiss from the mythological succubus. The girl only looked at me with those expressionless eyes.
It’s funny, I’ve never really been in a situation where I’ve been this close to someone else before, our faces only millimetres apart, can’t say I really care for it either. It certainly doesn’t help that this girl is so plain, although I’d much rather it be her than someone so foul and barbaric as Rain. But I guess it really doesn’t matter, all are simply ugly when compared with my beauty.
I slowly edged closer but found I couldn’t move in any further. The plain girl had applied a small amount of pressure to my cheeks which had effectively ended my little experiment. It’s unfortunate, but it’s not like there won’t be future opportunities. I bet her soul tastes plain anyway. Besides, maybe I could find someone exceptionally good-looking for my next attempt, like a doppelganger or something.
The plain girl held my face still, looking intently into one of my eyes before moving on to the next, kind of like she was checking for something. Next she tried opening my mouth but that’s where I put my foot down. She’d had her chance.
“Enough of this.” I said, gripping her wrists with my hands. “Unhand me you dumb mute or you’ll lose these.” The girl didn’t pay any attention to my words. “So be it.”
I gripped her hands tightly and spread some corruption into her wrists, waiting momentarily until finally her strength faded away and she was left with two limp, useless hands. The plain girl looked curiously at the damage as I walked away. Thankfully, she didn’t attempt to impede me any longer and I disappeared through the next line of trees.
It’s getting stronger, all those horrible feelings swirling around, making me feel things, such repulsive things. If it wasn’t for all that sorrow lying underneath, I think I would’ve lost my mind! But if whatever this thing is can feel sorrow, or more appropriately, if it can feel, then it’s open to a whole range of emotions! Oh, I have such sights to show you, mysterious being of energy.
It was slow work walking through the trees. My joints were aching with each dreadful step, though the pain was getting less and less the more I walked. By the rate things were going I’d only need two or three hours of basking to return to my original might, maybe even less, and perhaps another two or three to become the mightiest being to ever walk the land, since, as much as I loathe to admit, Brady has bested me twice now. Ugh, just thinking about it is enough to send little drops of blood through the gaps of my clenched fists.
I slowly shuffled through another row of trees and came to a small clearing that caused my lips to transmute vertically with a delightful grin.
“Ki ki ke ke ke!” I laughed with that horribly old voice of mine.
I’d found it! The source of all that power! I don’t know how I managed it so quickly, but I’ve found it!
I approached the centre of the clearing where the moon’s glorious silver rays had managed to penetrate the overhanging trees. There it lay, a coffin-shaped crystal surrounded by a number of brightly coloured flowers, though that wasn’t what had drawn me here. It was what lay inside that was sending out those sickeningly positive emotions, at least for now anyway.
I walked closer until I was within arm’s reach of the crystal and gazed at the insides. A girl huh? And a pretty one at that, at least in comparison with the plain one I’d met earlier. Then again, can anything else really be called pretty when in my presence?
The girl didn’t stir as I made my examination of the coffin. She’s not dead, I know that much, but just what is wrong with her? A sleeping curse perhaps? No, her chest isn’t rising or falling as if she were breathing. This is something far more delightfully sinister. I get it now! She’s been frozen! Not in the sense of freezing on a snowy plain, the conclusion any braindead idiot would jump to, but that her existence has frozen in time! Incredible! I’d have never thought of pulling off something like this before, I must remember to write it down in my journal. Now that that’s sorted, what’s the deal with this coffin? I guess it’s some sort of impenetrability field, which would mean she’s been frozen in time and space? Astonishing! I’d love to meet the person who came up with this brilliant idea! I’m starting to feel a little bad about having to tear down all that hard work, but a girl’s gotta eat right?
Impenetrability fields are that in name only. I’ve created one before, for my bag, so I know only the stupid masses would believe a name like that holds any truth. All it is, is another spell, and all spells can be undone. All this will require is a little molecular manipulation and I’ll have my delicious soul ready to be devoured!
I placed a hand on the smooth surface and my vision was suddenly engulfed by black. It was strange, I could see my grotesque hands as clear as day, much the same as the clothes covering my body, but the trees, coffin and even the moon’s glow were simply gone. There was, however, a tremendous increase in the energy surrounding me. I guess that explains where I am. Still, I couldn’t help but feel a little annoyed at this predicament.
“What now?” I muttered impatiently, looking around for anything other than darkness.
“Your intentions are as clear as day.” a soft, polite voice told me from all around. “I felt them the moment you woke up. That craving for power, you’re just like the thousands of beasts that rampaged across my homeland all those years ago.”
“How rude! Comparing me to likes of a beast. If you were ever to meet my slave, I think you’d have a different opinion about me.”
“Do you mean the little creature lying in pieces? Or perhaps the possessed warrior who will fall again by the hand of my love.” Was it just me or was there a hint of sorrow in those words?
“Yes, there’s no surprise that either of them lie bloodied on the ground. They were exceptionally weak.” I sighed. “So, are you going to introduce yourself, or am I just going to have to assume you’re the meal inside the coffin?”
“My name was given to me by a foul, stubborn man who thought little of his daughter’s happiness, especially when he had the chance to fuel his greed. I’ll only allow one person to ever call me by it again.”
“Yeah, I don’t care about whatever tragic past you had.” I told the voice, rolling my eyes in boredom. “You are the girl in the coffin correct?”
“What does it matter who I am? Why can’t you all just leave us alone? Have you any idea how much my love has suffered over the course of his life?” she cried with sad frustration.
“Again, I don’t care. All I want is your soul.”
“Taken by force or wilfully given, your very being would be crushed under the weight of my soul. Your body is weak, your soul is already corrupted beyond repair. Your existence would be obliterated if you tried to absorb my soul.” There was a moment of silence after her sorrowful voice faded away. “Please leave this place. Take your companions and never come back.”
“First off, they’re more slaves than companions. Secondly, why would I do such a thing? Why should I abandon a place that’s just flowing with such powerful mystical energy?”
“Please! Just leave us alone! He doesn’t deserve to go through any more pain!” she cried again, sending a wave of refreshing sorrow coursing through the air.
“What are you talking about? I can’t just abandon this place because of someone else’s feelings! That would just be wrong!” I smirked. “But don’t worry, once I’ve absorbed your power, I’ll make sure to end the suffering of your love too.”
My ears rang with the sudden angry scream of the girl, followed shortly by a blindingly bright light. It lasted only a mere second, but it was enough for me to have to cover my eyes with my hands. When I lowered them again, I was staring at the body of a colossal being. Hmm, colossal doesn’t even begin to describe the sheer size of this thing. To put it plainly, if we were standing on equal ground, I wouldn’t even reach the ankle of this monstrosity.
My eyes followed the body up, landing on the face of the girl I’d seen in the coffin moments ago. The look she wore on her face was a mess of determination, anger and sadness.
“I WILL NOT ALLOW ANY HARM TO COME TO MY LOVE!” she cried in a deafening voice, making me stagger about slightly.
I’d figured this out the moment I set foot in here, that I had been drawn into her mind, but to think her soul was that enormous! In comparison, I wasn’t even the size of a rodent! And this was no trick either, her soul really was that powerful, powerful enough to make my eyes snap wide open with horror and shock. She was right earlier, if I’d attempted to devour the entire thing all at once, I’d have definitely been obliterated. It would take years of snacking to consume her completely.
Her hand swatted down from above with lightning speed, surprising me to such an extent that I almost forgot to move out of the way. I breathed in hard and fast, my chest thumping like crazy, though this wasn’t the usual adrenaline rush I was used to when I was about to slaughter my prey. No, this was, this was... I think I’ve only ever seen this feeling displayed on the faces of my victims!
I narrowly dodged another high-speed attack and rolled through the air. I have to get out of here! I can’t believe I’m having these thoughts of fleeing, especially when I’ve yet to absorb a part of her soul, but if I stay any longer, it will be I that gets consumed!
“THE THOUGHT OF KILLING IS REPULSIVE TO ME.” cried the gigantic woman, throwing hand after hand in my direction. “BUT I THINK I FINALLY UNDERSTAND WHY MY LOVE HAS TAKEN SO MANY LIVES BEFORE. IF THIS IS WHAT IT TAKES TO PROTECT THE ONE MY HEART BELONGS TO, SO BE IT!”
This is too much! I can’t stay here any longer. I’m just going to have to make do with the energy outside. Hmm, I’ll devour the soul of her lover just for good measure too.
“Sorry child, but I’m going to have to take my leave now. You can find comfort in the fact that your ‘love’ won’t be suffering for much longer!” I cackled, trying to keep my true emotions from leaking out.
“YOU WILL NOT HARM HIM!” she cried, raising another hand.
I looked up and watched the swiftly approaching palm descend, closing my eyes seconds before impact. When I opened them again, I was standing before the crystal coffin. My hand was still outstretched towards the smooth surface, so I quickly snatched it back, breathing heavily and staggering slightly, little beads of sweat sliding down my forehead. I never want to go through something like that again! Well, unless I’m the one causing that kind of terror.
I let out a deep breath and tried to slow my pounding heart. Gradually, gradually it reached its normal pace, and I let out a sigh of relief. Now then, I think it’s about time I paid a visit to this lover of hers. I smiled at the thought of what I’d do to him, to pay back that horrible girl for the horrible treatment I’d received.
I smirked as I returned my gaze to the coffin, just to rub in how powerless she is, but immediately opened my eyes in shock, my mouth hanging open like the common fool. I staggered backwards, falling painfully over, unable to tear my eyes from the coffin. I kicked back, trying to get further away, but there was no shaking it.
Her eyes! Her eyes were wide open! Looking at me with such a pure kind of righteous fury! And just when I thought things couldn’t get worse, the top of the coffin began to waver, like it were made of liquid, right before small droplets began streaming down the sides. Next, a finger stirred, then her hand began reaching out of the liquefied coffin. Her shoulders gradually rose upright, and all the while she never broke that chilling gaze she held on me.
I couldn’t breathe, I couldn’t move, all I could do was watch helplessly. I’d be lying if I said I didn’t feel at least a little bit excited, I mean, how often does one get the chance to take on such a powerful opponent? This is what I’d imagine it’d be like to take on a god! Sadly though, especially now in this pathetic state, there was only one course of action that came to my mind: run!
Boy Meets Girl

I darted through the trees as quickly as I could, kicking off trunk after trunk, but it wasn’t nearly enough. My instincts shrieked at me to avoid it by all costs, it’s just, there was no escape, not by fleeing anyway. I fell to the ground and turned to face where the furious, pained cries were coming from. She had no control over that ability of hers, not in any sort offensive way at least. Just about all she could do was aim it in a single direction and hope for the best. The problem was, that’s all she needed.
The soundless wave of the purest form of raw energy I’d ever seen coated everything in its path, leaving nothing within eyeshot untouched. The sheer force and speed of the wave was immeasurable and just about the only thing I could do was cover myself in a destructive barrier in an attempt to negate the effects.
I’d figured it out the moment she shrieked that first scream of agony. Her power had been bottled up inside that crystal for who knows how long, and it was now trying to escape in any way it could, even if it meant tearing apart the one who commanded it. In a magnificent twist of fate, the power that girl wielded was apparently the very essence of vitality, which meant no matter how much her body was torn apart, it would revitalise to the healthiest it had ever been. In other words, it was an unending cycle of agony.
The wave of vitality struck the trees and plant-life in the area, making them harder and more youthful than before, and continued to pursue me with the devouring force of a tsunami. I maintained my stance as I stared down the mystical waves, concentrating all my power out in front. The grass at my feet turned brown and withered away, only to grow strong again merely seconds later. Would I even be able to withstand the initial impact?
Our power collided with a force that almost swept me off my feet. Somehow I managed to stay planted on the ground, diverting the waves around me like a solid rock standing tall in the ocean. I poured more and more of my own power into the destructive barrier, which wasn’t actually all that different to the corrosive effect I have when something comes into contact with me, but it wasn’t nearly enough to combat the force she employed. My barrier shattered in seconds and I was drowned in the foul scent of vitality.
In a panic I tried to escape to the air, but it was equally as futile as my attempt with the barrier. Apparently this was less like a wave and more like a gigantic sphere continuously expanding in its quest to end its unyielding hunger. I couldn’t escape!
I screamed in a torment that seemed to last for hours. It burned so horribly it felt like my flesh had been dissolved. One such as myself could never hope to withstand such bright and pure energy, energy that had the power to instantly wipe out darkness. I screamed again and again until finally, the sphere had dissipated and the pain along with it.
I fell to the ground, landing roughly on my weak legs that soon gave out. I lay flat on my stomach and looked over to where I saw the girl was approaching with staggered steps and panting, pained breath. I concentrated on gathering as much energy as I could from my surroundings, making use of that uncontrollable vitality of hers. I just need a single opening and I could end this all, but with that energy flowing around her like a protective aura, it was impossible.
“I abhor death,” she breathed painfully, “but for a vile creature such as you, I’ll make an exception.”
“You can’t snuff me out.” I mumbled, my face falling back into the dirt. “I-”
“You are a creature of darkness, and I am one of light. Even the smallest flame has the power to drive away darkness, no matter how heavy and consuming it is.”
“Naïve little girl.” I mocked softly. “Light is fleeting, darkness is eternal. You can kill the light, but never the dark.”
Ugh, this is taking longer than I thought. I have a limitless supply of energy all around me, but it’s just trickling in! I need to burst a dam or something, devour someone’s soul. Yes, if I can just return a fraction of my strength, I should be able to make it back to the crippled and dumb. It would pain me greatly to allow that thief to escape without suffering horrendous agony.
“You’re the naïve one.” the girl said as she stepped closer. Yes, that’s it, just a little more. “You fear me, just as the darkness fears light. You tried to run, but I am all around you now. You will vanish into nothingness, then you will no longer be able to torment my love.”
“Torment?” Just a little bit more. “Seems like he’s doing just fine by himself. Wait, don’t tell me you can’t feel it?”
“Enough of this talk. I have no need to listen to the likes of you.”
“Your ‘love’,” I told her, holding my head up and rolling my eyes before letting it fall back into the dirt again, “has a bloodlust that rivals my own. He’s a true demon, far more violent than that pathetic barbarian he’s fighting -”
“Stop.”
“- Why, I’d be surprised if he could withstand the energy building up inside you. While not as much as mine, his soul is already tainted with corruption -”
“Shut up!”
“- And guess what? That corruption eating away at his heart, consuming his soul, you’ll never be able to touch him again, let alone stand close to him!” I sneered joyfully, taking a brief moment to drag my hand to my mouth. “You’d destroy him in the blink of an eye -”
“I said stop it!”
“- But here’s the best part, the reason why you’ll never be able to embrace again: it’ll all be because of you!” I cackled before biting down hard enough on my thumb to draw blood. “It’s because of you that the two of you will never know each other’s warmth again!”
“Shut up!” the girl shrieked while shutting her eyes tightly, her voice hitting its highest pitch yet.
My ears were ringing painfully, but this wasn’t the time to be distracted; this was the only chance I was going to have! I flung my hand out in front of me. Little ruby coloured droplets crossed the gap between us in a way that would’ve been impossible without a little mystical help.
The girl screamed so beautifully I couldn’t help but shiver in pleasure. She immediately threw her hands up to swipe away the liquid that had solidified immediately upon contact. She screamed and screamed as some light smoke began drifting skywards from the gaps in her fingers, her eyes. The pain she was suffering must be immeasurable, it’s a wonder she’s still conscious really, but that just makes it all the more enjoyable! Unfortunately, this is where the fun comes to an end.
I pushed myself up off the ground and flew high into the air, retreating far behind the line of trees. I could still hear her cries of pain as I made my escape, leaving a delighted smile on my lips. I wish I could’ve stayed to administer more of my toxic blood, but I doubt the amount I’d already given her would hold her off for long.
As I glided across the treetops, I held my arm out towards the nagging, familiar force that was pulling at my sixth sense. I don’t have the time to be making a pit-stop on my way out of this encounter, so they would just have to come to me. I don’t know why I left without them, it was a pretty stupid mistake really, but whatever, I was a little distracted so it couldn’t be helped.
The treetops shuddered slightly every so often as I made great leaps through the air and it wasn’t long before I couldn’t hear the little girl’s cries anymore. It was sad really, but it’s for the best. I’d much rather live longer and hear countless more cries for mercy than die here and only hear hers.
Suddenly I was at the edge of the forest, standing at the tip of last tree, taking in the view of the average looking field. All it was, was just flower after flower, so nothing amazing basically. The flowers back in my forest were far more impressive. I mean, none of these things look like they could devour a person whole.
I looked around, unable to find the thief and that plain girl. Hmm, had I taken a wrong turn somewhere along the way? Probably not, most likely they’ve scampered off into some hole to cower in fear of my return. Tch, and I could’ve really used their souls too!
Almost immediately after I’d reached the edge of the forest, I felt the hard, wooden staff hit the palm of one hand and a soft, floppy hat in the other. I pulled my hat on, then, grasping the staff tightly, I spun around in a fluid motion, an arc of fiery liquid pouring out from the top end of my staff that drowned everything in my vicinity in a glorious blaze. The grin I wore split my face from ear to ear as I watched the hellish fires spread further and further. This should buy me some time I think, or at the very least destroy this horrible assortment of lively plants.
Clang!
My instincts suddenly reacted alone. I drew my staff across my body to deflect a deadly blow to my chest and followed up with a parry to the right, then to the left. Thanks to the various enchantments on my staff, nothing was going to break it. Unfortunately, the enchantments did little to stop the force behind the blows and as a result I was thrown from my perch.
Skidding across the flaming ground, I looked up towards my mysterious assailant, recognising immediately that signature bloodlust.
“You’re one of the lovers of that girl I blinded, aren’t you?” I murmured aloud, waiting for the stranger to make the first move.
There was no reply as he vanished from the treetop. I deflected another blow effortlessly as he tried to strike my back. I didn’t even have to turn around to intercept him, his rage was that predictable. He was trying to end this quickly. Despite his absolute fury, it would appear he’s still able to maintain a collected mind.
“Sorry child, but I have little time to spare with you.” I told him as we locked staff and spear together once more. “Before I went to sleep I was looking for someone, and I’d rather like to continue that search as soon as possible.”
I was of course speaking of finding Brady. It shouldn’t be too hard finding that twerp. After all, he’s too egotistical to not leave a blazing trail for me to follow.
“You will never leave this place.” the boy said in a grating tone that just spewed forth all the hate and anger he held within.
He tried again and again to strike me with that frail spear of his but never succeeded in landing a blow. All it took to avoid the silly boy’s assault was a step backwards and a few, tiresome slaps of my staff. The boy didn’t look bewildered or anything at my lazy display, his anger certainly grew though.
“You’re a quiet one.” I commented carelessly as I relaxed my stance. “With all that fury boiling inside you, I thought you’d be screaming out some sort of nonsense.”
“I have no words to offer the dead.”
“Ooo,” I rolled my eyes, “is that supposed to scare me?”
“Your death is fact. For such scum like you to lay a hand on her, you should be grateful that’s your only punishment.”
“Let me tell you something boy, you’ve never faced anything like me before!” I laughed, floating into the air and out of reach. “You see, I draw my power from life, and in a place where nothing dies, my power is limitless.”
The boy didn’t move a muscle as I held out a palm towards him. The flowers and grass flattened instantly and the area began to shudder, slowly at first but immediately growing more violent. Even as the ground fractured and collapsed in a perfect circle, even as he was devoured by the colliding rocks and chunks of earth, the boy didn’t shift his stance or even so much as move a muscle, and soon I’d lost all sight of him.
I must admit, it would take incredible discipline to act that way, to not move when death is imminent. Of course, it’d be another story if you knew you could survive it, but aside from the level of rage he held, the boy was nothing exceptional.
Without sparing a second glance I drifted off through the sky. Looking around at what lay in the ashes of my fire below, I couldn’t help but wonder what had happened here. Several small craters riddled the ground every here and there, then they’d stop and appear somewhere else a little further away. It doesn’t matter though, I’m not going to allow curiosity to kill this cat.
“Weak...”
“What the -”
If I hadn’t been wearing my crowfeather coat, I’m certain that would’ve been the end of my great, wonderful and amazing tale. The impact to my back sent me rocketing into the ground at a speed I wasn’t going to be walking away from unscathed. The ground exploded on impact, sending a cloud of dirt high into the sky, and I just kind of lay there, looking at the boy who’d struck me.
“I see now.” I muttered. “You can wield magic as well, can’t you?”
The boy said nothing as he dove out of the sky spear first. I rolled backwards and pranced away just as he hit the ground and disappeared into an even larger crater. A second later the ground cracked under my feet and the spear appeared seeking a brutal impalement. I barely avoided the sharp steel, but was far too slow to dodge the follow up kick to my ribs that sent me flying again. My body bounced across the ground until I was able to manoeuvre myself onto my feet, and even then I couldn’t stop the momentum I was under, but that might have been for the best as I had to immediately leap back into the air when three man-sized boulders slammed into the spot I’d been sliding. Not even then was I given a moment of respite, and the boy was once again swinging his spear after me.
I don’t know how much longer I can last like this. The enchantments on my equipment should hold out no problem, it’s just sooner or later this boy’s going to land a hit, then another and another after that, eventually snowballing right into my death. I think the only way here is to go all out! Abandon any notion of defence and just focus on attacking. There’ll be no room for error however, but I don’t need to worry about such a minor problem. I’ll win, just like I always do.
I darted backwards, out of reach once more, and unclasped the buttons of my coat, letting it hang in the air off my shoulders. The feathers ruffled slightly before shooting out in arcs towards the assaulting boy. He quickly switched stances as he swatted away whatever projectile he could, while the ones he missed embedded themselves deeply inside his flesh. Much to my surprise, he didn’t cry out or even groan in pain! How disappointing.
“Such weakness.” the boy muttered as he resumed his advance.
The feathers that’d been knocked away floated down softly for a moment, before quickly realigning their course and darted straight back to their target. The boy tried again to hit them back, only managing to strike a few this time, and soon most of the feathers were sticking out of his body. I could feel his life-force diminishing, if only by the smallest fraction. I wouldn’t have believed it otherwise, but this boy probably had a level of power that rivalled the little girl’s! I can’t believe I’ve run across two of these formidable monsters in such a short amount of time! I wonder if he even knows of the power that lurks within? I guess not since I would’ve most likely been destroyed the moment we crossed paths.
The feathers were taking an awfully long time to devour just a single target, but I guess it can’t be helped. I mean, any normal being would’ve been immobilised, but this boy could still move freely, evident by the way he was still coming for me. Guess I’ll have to speed things up a little.
I avoided another stab of the spear and darted in closer, my hand, coated in a potent form of corruption, reaching out for his chest. He was much slower than before, but that didn’t mean I could take it easy. One wrong move would spell the end. My hand hit his chest right where his heart lay and I spread the corruption the moment we made contact.
The boy roared in pain. It was a sound I’d never heard before, not at all like the others that’d fallen before me. Experiencing this new kind of cry was definitely something else, so much more enjoyable than the others! He shuddered violently in spasms as he slowly crumpled to the ground. I dropped down shortly after and stood before the boy trying desperately to stay on his knees.
“You were quite a strong opponent, so don’t be disappointed. I’ll be adding your power to my own, and for that you have my, umm, I’m not really good at this sort of thing... Yeah.” I grinned as I knelt down closer.
I reached out my hand, drawing it closer and closer to my victim’s head, but then suddenly, it wasn’t there anymore. Something was shooting up my arm from the wrist. I guess it was pain? I’m not really sure, and even more unsure of why that was the case. Blood suddenly burst from where my hand had been, showering the boy kneeling before me.
“I’ve wandered this hell for a thousand years,” the boy muttered in that grave tone of his, “do you really think that was the first time someone’s tried to curse me?”
The boy stood up and violently shook his body. The feathers that’d been stuck fell lifelessly to the ground. He then made a stabbing motion into the ground with his spear before lifting up the bloodied tip before my eyes.
“I guess death really is too good for you. For laying a hand on her, I’ll make this as painful and long as I can.”
My eyes hadn’t moved from the tip of his spear, where that red, and yet quite pale, fleshy object was skewered; my hand.
The Princess And Her Shining Knight

I leapt back immediately to avoid a killing blow, simultaneously cutting off the pain receptors in my wrist. I didn’t bother to stem the flow of blood, using it instead to fire off small, pellet-sized droplets at the boy. With a quick roll to the side, he managed to avoid the piercing projectiles which exploded little mounds of ash high into the air from the burning ground. He continued in an arc, my amputated arm following his every move.
That boy’s upper body was almost completely covered in my blood, small wisps of vapour already rising into the sky, and yet he showed no concern whatsoever! It was almost like the acidic and rotting effects were ineffective against him! And here I was, hoping for that shrill cry of pain and torment as he begged for a quick death. Instead, I was left with determined silence.
I caught two slight glints of silver racing through the air, hearing sharp metallic clangs as the previously lifeless feathers formed a solid wall before me. There has never been a good type of projectile in my experience, so swatting them out of the air was really the only choice there was.
I aimed my amputated arm once more and fired again, turning the speeding liquid into crystallised shrapnel. As my target skirted off to the side again, the trees at his back, far off in the distance, splintered and shattered apart, toppling over to shake the earth with their tremendous impacts. I was so very pleased with the carnage I was clearly capable of emitting, but it was all meaningless unless I was able to actually hit the frightened rabbit! It was really testing my patience too! This game is growing tiresome, and it’s not like I can keep using my blood as a weapon for much longer. It might be time to change tactics, at least for a little. It seems my sneaky backup planning is taking her sweet little time finding me.
A column of ash suddenly exploded skyward as the boy kicked off the ground, making a beeline straight for me. Then, just as suddenly, the boy vanished before my eyes. I was immediately alerted to his presence when a heavy blow struck my feather-covered back, flattening me in an instant.
“Warping space now?” I wheezed, quickly pulling myself to my feet. “And here I was, thinking you were an honourable warrior.”
What a cheap trick that was! He can be assured it won’t work a second time.
I let the blood from my arm flow a little, hardening and stretching it until I was satisfied. Instead of the beautiful hand that had been so cruelly cut off, a vicious, jagged blade emerged, holding a terrible hunger for its very own makeup. He tried his little trick again, but I reacted instantly, precisely. Cowards like him will always attack from behind the moment they feel they have the upper hand, to which I rightfully corrected this poor assumption by severing the spear-tip from the rest of the staff. I cocked my head to the side in order to avoid the rogue steel blade from piercing my skull, never taking my eyes off the boy with that deliciously furious expression.
“How dare you.” growled the mutt, bouncing out of my immediate range. “My dear sister’s spear... How dare you!”
“Don’t you go blaming this on me! You bring a weapon to a fight and cry when it gets broken? Are you some kind of dumb fool?”
“My beloved sister, she gave her life to protect us younger siblings during the Beast Parade. One of the noblest acts I’ve ever witnessed.”
“Hi,” I jumped in with a wave, “yeah, I don’t care about whatever tragic past you’re trying to dredge up. Don’t try dampen this mood okay?”
“My mother also died during that horrible night,” he growled, rising into the air slowly, “and she was one of the greatest mages of her time.”
The feel of this battle changed immediately. The air around the boy grew darker, giving him a sort of glow. He held his hands out to his sides, his palms facing the stars, as two swirling, glowing, mist-like orbs quickly formed just above them. He clenched his left hand, crushing the spherical mist, and pulled back his right arm, pushing it out again towards me. The white blast that followed was enough to make even me uneasy.
I swung the bottom of my staff sideways, intercepting the blast just in time to knock it slightly off course. It smashed into the ground beside me, melting the earth with ease, and dug through deeper than I could possibly see or guess. I didn’t have time to marvel however, as I was next assaulted by a rapid barrage of smaller, needle-like blasts coming from the fingertips of his left hand. I was forced to dart around like some pathetic animal, countering where I could with my blood, but there wasn’t much more that I could do other than that.
Me! On the defensive against someone using magic! This is unthinkable! It’s not like with that girl before, since she doesn’t use magic like how I, a normal person, would. This boy, he was something else entirely, an anomaly.
Another huge blast from his right hand and I was collected up in the shockwave, thrown to the side like some unwanted rag doll, where I had to immediately pick myself up and keep moving in order to avoid being riddled with those smaller energy projectiles. Sooner or later, I’m going to start taking damage, and if that’s the only option left (fleeing at this point is just impossible) it looks like I’m going to have to backtrack.
I jumped into the air and started flying back towards the forest, never for a second taking my eyes off the boy pursuing me with such incredible fury and speed. There’s no way in hell I’m turning my back on this guy, even if it meant I’d reach those trees faster, not when he’s this crazed for murder.
The boy clapped his hands overhead, brought them down to his face and quickly threw them out to the sides. The moment his hands separated, a thick, impossibly black arc had formed, and was launched faster than either one of us could possibly move. If it weren’t for my frighteningly accurate instincts, I’d have been bisected across the waist. I tilted my head back for a moment and watched as the trees off in the distance had their tops neatly cut off, which then burst into black flames and almost instantly dissolved into ash. I returned my gaze back to the boy just in time to block his powerful fist with my staff, and I was sent rocketing deep into the forest.
I gouged out the earth with my impact, leaving a long crater in my wake. The impact had rattled my body so badly it took a couple of seconds before I could painfully sit up again, which was when I was struck by a painfully familiar burning sensation that made me shriek out in agony.
I hadn’t intended it to be this way, but at least my backup plan was in range now. That little girl shouldn’t be too far off, and with that scream I’d just let out, she should be able to gather my general location.
I lay back down and looked up at the stars. Everything was so much simpler back in my day. All I had to do was burn down a few of villages, kill a couple hundred soldiers, and everything was right with the world. I was feared and unbeatable, and at my rightful place at the top of the food chain. When did everything go so wrong? Since when did all these monsters just start popping up around me? First that blasted Chimaera corrupted my soul! My soul! Then I come across that naïve little girl and her soul is inconsumable, and I’m forced to flee! Not only am I forced to run like a coward, but mere moments later I’m getting overpowered by someone else’s magic! Just when did everything go so wrong?
You know, back when I was still maturing, trying to find my place in the world, I used to look up at the stars like this all the time. Whenever I was feeling down or depressed I’d just – Oh dear, here comes that boy again. Can’t I get just a moment for self-reflection before the crazies start coming for my head?
The boy nosedived out of the sky, one fist covered in black, restless flames and the other coated in a faint, white fog. No doubt it was more of what I’ve already witnessed, but it didn’t matter. The fact that we were both screaming in unison meant he would never be able to show off whatever he had in store.
The boy fell out of the air and landed alongside me, his body sporadically jolting as if he’d been electrocuted. Is that how pathetic I looked when I first took that wave of energy? Doesn’t matter, something like that isn’t going to keep him down for long, but having already experienced it a number of times, I was already back on my feet.
“Sorry to do this to you, but I’ve got to run.” I laughed, quickly making my way out of this nightmare.
I took no more than five steps before some unseen force slammed into my chest and I was back where I started, on my back and wheezing painfully. The boy slowly sat up and lowered his hand, turning off into the distance where I could feel that tremendous energy steadily approaching.
“Was this your plan?” he asked in that wonderfully tortured voice. “To get her to do your dirty work?”
“Well, the thought had crossed my mind.”
“I’ve served as her one and only guard for more years than I can count. In all that time she’s never been able to control her gift.” the boy whispered in a softer voice, a tone that really didn’t suit this murderous little freak. He stood up at that point and looked past my line of sight, probably to see whoever it was making that light rustling noise behind the trees. I tried rolling my head, but I was struck with another wave of that powerful energy. The boy was seemingly unaffected.
“A gift? After all this time, you still call it that.” Another wave of energy sent me screaming as the soft, endearing voice of the girl replied. “Felix, you, of all people, still refuse to see this as a curse?”
“Of course. It was thanks to your gift that my family was able to live comfortably for as long as they did.”
“But have you forgotten?” The girl began weeping. “It was because of this curse your cherished ones died that night!”
The boy immediately stepped over my immobile body to where the girl was quietly sobbing. I turned over weakly, using up whatever energy I’d only just recovered, to keep my eyes trained on the sickening embrace.
“It wasn’t your fault Katheryn, I’ve understood that for a long time. It was your father who refused to send out the army to help us. You can’t continue to blame yourself for things that are out of your control.”
Ugh! That’s the most sickening thing I’ve ever heard!
“Katheryn, it’s alright. Even if you never forgive yourself, I and my family’s souls will. You’re the brightest, most loving person I’ve ever met. I know full well how much you grieved over the deaths of all the farmers and villagers. When I saw you that night, looking at the moon with tear-stained cheeks, I knew right then you were not the one I needed to kill.”
I stand corrected! That was the most sickening thing I’ve ever heard. Alright, I’ve had enough of this foul reunion, and now that my grand scheme has disappointingly failed me so, it’s time to leave this place for good. For now though, all I can do is bide my time and wait for the perfect opportunity to make my move.
“Felix, my love, your gentle words always manage to ease my suffering, if only slightly, but I must never forget the pain this curse has caused, to do so would be an insult to all those who have lost their lives because of it.”
They tearfully embraced again as the boy tried to calm the girl down. My, it’s a good thing I haven’t consumed any souls lately, I might’ve lost them all over again! Speaking of which, I know that Chimaera’s soul is still somewhere inside me, so why the hell am I still so weak?!
“Katheryn, my dear Katheryn. You needlessly bear the weight of a thousand worlds. You have suffered far longer than any person should.” the boy said softly, bringing the girl’s hands to his lips and smothering them with light kisses. “The next time you wake, you and I will be free of our accursed lives, but for now I will exterminate the vermin that have infested your beloved garden.”
They stared deep into each other’s eyes for another moment before the girl slowly nodded her head with a loving smile. The boy then let go of his lover’s hands and turned towards me, his face changing into the hardened killer I’d fought only moments ago. Then all of a sudden, everything began to slow down.
It started the moment the treetops rustled violently. I watched helplessly (not that I’d bother helping even if I could) as the boy slowly turned his rage filled eyes towards the sky at the armour-clad barbarian streaking forward, both points of his collapsed spear thirsting for the girl. Her reaction was the slowest of us all, only taking notice of what was going on once her lover was standing in front of her, red droplets splattering across her face and dress.
“Felix!” she shrieked, starting forward.
“Stay back!” the boy shouted, making his love stiffen in fright.
“Oh? That’s impressive.” the barbarian murmured. “If you hadn’t put your arms up, you’d be in two pieces. I’d expect nothing less from one such as you.”
“What’s the matter?” the boy sneered painfully. “Upset because I killed all your mad dogs?”
Hmm, I thought something was off about the brute, and after hearing him just now I can assume my suspicions were correct. I mean, landing a strike like that was simply impossible for Rain. He might look like some skilled warrior, but he’s not all that.
The two were locked together, neither of them willing to give any ground. I must say, it was impressive of the boy to still have this much strength after Rain’s spear tips had pierced both his hands, his chest through to his back. Is this what they call resolve? I doubt it’s just simple fortitude, so it must be a mental thing that refuses to allow him to back down.
They stayed like that for what seemed like an eternity, until Rain suddenly kicked the boy off the spear with a strength that would’ve seen him splinter any of the trees around us. Rain’s movements were far quicker and precise than normal, evidenced by the almost simultaneous movements of his sectional staff. Gripping at the end of one of the blades, he swung the entire thing in a wide arc around him, the other blade skimming through the air towards the girl’s neck. The boy however, managed to use his agility and momentum to twist his body in such a way that he was able to gently collect the girl and carry her out of reach. He landed heavily on his feet and placed the girl back down, dropping to his knee almost immediately and trying to use his bloodied hands to cover the wounds on his chest.
“Felix!” the girl cried again, dropping down to his level and brushing up against his back.
“It’s alright Katheryn, ‘tis but a scratch.” he responded, but with great difficulty.
Rain wasn’t willing to give them the break they so sorely needed and was immediately upon them, savagely swinging and thrusting his blades with phenomenal skill. The boy, growing weaker by the second, had no room to move or retreat due to the girl at his back so he instead focused on doing whatever was possible in order to block and deflect each of the brute’s powerful strikes, and it was an admirable display, right up until he took one to the gut.
The spear head jutted out the boy’s back. He coughed violently, splattering the ground red, and with a slight pull he was forcefully dragged through the air where the other spear head was awaiting impalement. The girl was shrieking out something incomprehensible, accompanied by another painful wave, as her lover was pulled away without resistance. I can’t be completely sure of what happened next, thanks entirely to my immobilised state, but something seemed to snap in the boy as he suddenly regained his previous vigour, launching a fist square in the middle of Rain’s face with a deafening crack! Rain was thrown off-balance by the sudden assault, giving the boy the time he needed to relieve himself of the blade sticking through his stomach.
The boy stood tall, only metres from Rain, with his previously fatal wounds healing up surprisingly quick. I turned my gaze over to the girl who was staring intensely at her lover with a look full of concentration and determination. I don’t think we’ll be getting out of this place alive after all, not now that the girl has somehow managed to gain some slight control over that ability of hers. Rain seemed to notice it too as he quickly resumed an unconventional fighting stance, but whatever he was about to try would be meaningless. The girl gaining control of her ability has essentially made the boy unstoppable. No amount of damage will be able to bring him down anymore. I guess Rain realised this as well because he made one last thrust of his extended blade, shattering the earth at the boy’s feet to momentarily immobilise the pair, and immediately sped in my direction. I was picked up and handled with the delicate care one would use with a bag of garbage, and was carried through several lines of trees.
“Put me down you oafish brute!” I hissed with hostility, smacking him as best I could with my staff.
“Cut that out.” he responded without any particular emotion. “I’m leaving this place, and I need you to open the gate.”
“And why would I help you? I don’t even know you.”
Rain, or more accurately, the being inside Rain’s body smiled slightly.
“How perceptive.” he muttered. “What gave me away?”
“Your level of skill obviously. You still haven’t answered my question.”
“Well, to put it simply, you’re good to have around. You create more death and carnage than my disciple does, though I do have some issues with what happens to the souls afterwards.”
“My, it’s always nice to meet a fan.” I smiled sweetly. “I suppose that would make you Rain’s ‘god’ or whatever.” I rolled my eyes.
“Your scepticism is your only downfall, otherwise you’d make a powerful disciple yourself.”
“And your major downfall is that arrogance of yours that allows you to call yourself a god. Not to mention it’s entirely baseless. Hell, I could call myself a god simply due to my level of power and beauty.”
“My followers would have your head for saying things like that.”
“Go ahead and send them, you’ll just wind up a god without a flock.”
“Hmph.” Strange, that sounded like a snicker. “Well, enough of this talk,” the arrogant being informed, “we’re not out of the woods yet.”
True enough. We were still technically in this forest, but I don’t think that’s what he was talking about. A quick look behind us revealed the boy rapidly approaching by himself. This guy just refuses to give up!
I was about to set fire to our surroundings when I was stopped by the sudden appearance of someone whose presence was as repulsive as it was unexpected.
“Brady?!” I shouted in confusion as we swiftly passed.
“Hey there, my lovely little flower.” He smiled, I vomited. “Go on ahead, I’ll catch up in a second.”
Brady remained standing there until the boy collided with him, resulting in the two being engulfed in a powerful explosion that obscured all vision.
Umm, what?
A Darker Tomorrow

The sounds of an enormous battle being waged roared from the insides of the forest. Massive explosions shook the air and rumbled the earth, with plumes of black smoke rising high into the sky. The fight between those two was probably, and very sadly, far more incredible than what I’d experienced from either of them.
Oh Brady. I think you’ve bitten off far more than can chew this time. I know better than anyone the kind of monstrosities you’re facing. I can only hope all that smug boasting has some actual foundation. I don’t know what I’d do if you were to fall here. My remaining days would be spent in horrible torment, isolated and abandoned from the world. At least have the good grace to let me rip your heart out myself!
The arrogant being’s speed was quite astonishing. It was made very apparent the greater power this one had than the simpleton Rain. In no time at all we’d crossed a great distance over the fields of flowers, and the sounds of Brady and the boy’s colossal battle could no longer be heard. All throughout this time, the brute had refused to let me down.
“So tell me, why can’t you just bash the gate down? What’s the use of being an overgrown thug if you can’t even do that much?” I asked, smearing my blood on his arm in the hopes of burning it off. It didn’t seem to work.
“Hitting it won’t do any good. An impenetrability field was set up around this entire place. Oh, an impenetrability field is basically something that renders an area inaccessible by inserting a layer from another plane or dimension into our own, effectively separating those two points in our world. Since the field that man has created runs around this entire place, he’s pretty much cut out a part of the planet and made it his own.”
“Yes, yes, I know how an impenetrability field works.” Actually, I didn’t. All I knew was how to make and break them. “But what’s it got to do with me? Hang on a second, aren’t gods supposed to be omnipotent? I mean, I don’t know a whole lot about what the almighty pathetics can do, but I’m pretty sure you’re supposed to be able to do as you please. It’s like the one plus to being a god.”
“Not even a God can travel as they please.” That made me snicker. “Normally I wouldn’t have even been able to enter here. I should know, I’ve tried on a number of occasions.”
“So? Just leave the way you came out.”
“It’s not as simple as that. Rain summoned me here, and until that field is down, or at least has a crack in it, I can’t leave. It’s why I haven’t returned control to Rain yet. That, and I think he’d just go and get himself killed in here.”
“What’s it matter to you? Isn’t it like his bizarre dream to become a Martyr?”
“Our war with the Fallen Gods has almost come to an end. The only one left is Neco, whom Rain has a fairly strong grudge against. The High Gods and I are unable to locate him, and we’ve been searching for him since it all began. He pops up every now and again, to interfere with our work, but disappears before we can do anything. Rain though, he has a good chance of finding our enemy, but not if he becomes a Martyr.”
“Oh? And why’s that?”
“It is of no concern to you, non-believer. All I require of you is to open the gate and let us through.”
“Yeah, but, those two back there, they’ve got some pretty powerful souls that need devouring. I can’t very well leave without them.” I sighed longingly, looking behind us to where the trees were nothing more than a blurry dot.
“You’re nothing but a foolish girl, a slave to your desires.”
“And?”
“You’re free to do what you want, but only after you open the gate.”
“And if I can’t?”
“I know you can. I’ve been watching you and Rain on your dull little journey. I know you’re able to destroy this type of field.”
“Sorry, maybe I should rephrase that. What if I won’t?”
“Then I’ll kill you where you stand.”
“Ha! Go ahead and try. I’ve always wanted to kill a god.” I smiled sinisterly.
I knew it was all just posturing. The arrogant creature wouldn’t actually kill me or anything. He needs me after all, since apparently without my help he can’t escape. But I’m not in the habit of just helping people in their time of need, and I think the stupid being has only just realised it. I’m going to need him to sweeten the deal.
“What do you want?” he asked bitterly.
“You said you’ve been watching me on my little journey, I think a pervert like you can think up a couple of things.” Ooh, he didn’t like that comment.
“You want to kill a God?”
“I do, very much so.”
“Then get us out of here and follow Rain, he’ll lead you straight to Neco.”
Well, I was already going to do that. Then once this guy Neco has bitten the dust, I was going to go around slaying the other gods too. I think I’ll keep that last part to myself for now, but the point is, that wasn’t nearly enough. When I make a deal, things have to be entirely in my favour, and then some. Unfortunately, getting the chance to slay one god just isn’t enough.
“Sorry pal, but I’m going to need something more, and you better decide quick because I can see the edge of this field.” I sighed while spotting some massive stone walls that stretched off further than I could see. Another second passed and I could see the faint glistening of iron bars, reflecting the moon’s glow with a shimmering light. I wonder, just what kind of place is this? Was this some sort of prison or something? I guess it doesn’t matter, at all.
“What is it you want?” the pitiful god finally asked once we had stopped at an arm’s length from the massive iron gate.
“Hmm, there are many things in this world I desire, but it wouldn’t be any fun if I were just handed them. Oh wait! I know!” I started excitedly. “You’re that god of fighting right?”
“I am the High God of Death and Violence.” he quickly corrected, getting a little agitated.
“Whatever,” I rolled my eyes, “then how about telling me where there’s a war going on? Or a big battle of some sorts. My strength isn’t quite what it used to be, so I’ll need to do something about that.”
“There are no wars or fights going on in this land at the moment. Most of the disputes are happening offshore on their primitive warships. Anima is having a hard time trying to reclaim their souls.”
“Well then, looks like you’re out of luck.” I said, slipping out of his arm with ease. “Don’t look so shocked moron. I couldn’t melt your arm so I used my blood to reduce its resistance. There’s no need for that dumb look on your face.” I told him, turning my back and heading for the gate. “I hope you have fun in here. As for me, I’ll be slipping on out. See ya!”
“Wait!” the desperate god started slowly. “There’s one other place you could go. It’s a city I’ve marked for death but haven’t been able to get around to yet. You can do what you want with its inhabitants.”
“Wait a minute, this isn’t some kind of trap is it? Not that it would pose much of a threat to the great, Crimson Lily!” I laughed.
“No, it’s not. You have my word.”
“Your word is about as useless as Rain is. What about all the innocent people living there? Children, elderly, I can’t very well massacre the lot of them.” Their souls are so weak I’d actually waste more energy killing them than I’d get back!
“You needn’t worry. That city is a vile place filled with all kinds of savages and miscreants. Not a single one of them deserves to live.”
Oh? I quite like the sound of that place. It sounds like an actual paradise! Could such a thing possibly exist?
“Alright, tell me where this city is and I’ll help you escape.” I smirked after a moment in thought. I could tell, even though he wasn’t showing it, that the being possessing Rain was actually quite relieved.
“Fine,” he grumbled, “but only after we get out.”
“What a shrewd man.” I muttered, resting my staff on the inside of my amputated arm’s elbow and placing my hand on the iron gate. A mere second later and the gate was creaking inwards. I’m so amazing.
“Good.” the being said as Rain’s eyes began to glow brightly. He smiled, well, more like smirked actually, and it made me furious. It was the look someone gives after they’ve played their opponent right into their hands. Fortunately, I had predicted this kind of childish backstabbing and was well prepared.
I moved quicker than the false god expected and grasped his forehead in my one remaining hand, my palm covering his eyes. Strangely, he didn’t offer any resistance.
“Pretty poor attempt there, devil. Now tell me the name of the city.”
“Or what? You’ll kill me? You’ll be killing Rain too you know.”
“You think I need a reason to kill that idiot?” I hissed, squeezing his forehead tightly. “Just a few more ounces of pressure and his head, and yours, will explode. Now tell me!”
“You kill Rain and I’ll be free all the same. I’ll find another suitable host and live on.”
My hand glowed faintly as I poured in some energy. A small amount of steam rose from Rain’s forehead, accompanied by the slight scent of searing flesh.
“Very well parasite, you ever heard of a soul bind?” From the way he was gritting his teeth, I could tell he had. “Now tell me or there’s no more body jumping for you. Oh, and just to give you an idea of what you’re in for if you still don’t tell me...”
I dropped my staff and flicked my free arm violently, forcing my blood to flow out in the form of a ghastly vermilion hand with sinister claws for fingers. With a single, fluid stroke of my new hand, Rain lost all his limbs, but I refused to let him die of blood loss, so I stemmed the bleeding so as to prolong his life. The parasitic god didn’t even so much as flinch.
“See that? I’m going to find you a nice little box to live out the rest of your days in, buried beneath the earth so far you’ll be close to the centre of the world. Don’t worry though, you won’t die. You’ll remain there until the sun devours us all.”
“Hmph, you would’ve made an excellent disciple.” the limbless being sighed. “Very well, the city is called St. Elm. Rain will know where it is, assuming he’s still alive when I give back control.”
“Don’t you worry about him, I’d be more concerned about yourself.” I whispered into his ear.
“Release me woman, I did as you asked.” he demanded angrily.
“Fine, but don’t forget this moment, the moment when the mighty Crimson Lily literally had you in the palm of her hand!” I mocked as I released my grip and dissolved the soul bind. A blindingly bright light followed, emitted from Rain’s eyes, then the big brute slumped to the floor amongst his limbs, unconscious.
Well great. I’m good at taking things apart, in fact I credit myself highly for it, but when it comes to putting them back together, well, the results are usually just monstrous, literally. Why am I thinking of putting the stupid egg back together again? It’s simply because I highly doubt his willingness to cooperate once he realises what I’ve done to him. Tch. Why the hell is he always such a pain!
“Oh? Ya made it out too did ya?” an expressionless voice called out from behind.
“You again? Wait, aren’t you supposed to be dead? And you!” I turned my gaze to the fearfully slinking man behind the emotionless doll. “I thought I broke your legs!”
“Ya did! It hurt like hell! And it hurt just as much gettin’ them set back in place!” the thief cried.
“You’re just lucky that was the worst you got of it! Though having said that,” I smiled wickedly, “having run into me again is a most favourable sign!”
The thief paled immediately as he backed away, back into the enclosed fields of gardens.
“Enjoy your time in prison.” I laughed as I resealed the gate, leaving him trapped inside. Now he’s someone else’s problem.
“What happened to Rain?” asked the disinterested girl, who was squatting down beside his bloodied self.
“Hmm, yeah. I was trying to make a point, then that happened.”
“I see.” she murmured to herself. “Well, it doesn’t matter anyway, I’ll just charge him later for the repairs.”
I don’t know why, but I think my opinion of the plain girl has changed slightly. She immediately went to work by opening her large bag, which was overflowing with all kinds of strange and colourful plants, and pulled out a bunch of small blades, needles and thread. She managed to reattach one of Rain’s legs in under five minutes, during which I witnessed a large hole open up in front of the gate. On the other side stood the thief, who quickly jumped through.
“Warping space too huh? Well let’s see how well you fare when I break your legs again!” I spat.
“Wait! Wait!” the thief begged, dropping to his knees. “I can help get that necklace back! I stole it once, I could do it again right? Just, don’t hurt me anymore! Please!”
What a pathetic man! I’ve lost all desire to kill him now! Though I must say, the level of fear he’s giving off is very satisfying. I could use a man like that, someone who’s just that afraid of me all the time. It would be the ultimate confidence booster, which I so sorely need after having lost so many battles in a row like that.
“Okay, I won’t kill you.” I stated plainly. “No, you’re going to be my slave instead. You will sacrifice the rest of your life for me. And if you even try to escape, well, at least you won’t die.” I trailed off with a sweet smile that made the thief shiver in uneasiness.
“There we go!” the girl interrupted in a tone of accomplishment. “Once he wakes up he’ll be right as, well, him!”
I squinted my eyes at her for a moment, turning my gaze to look closer at the body she’d just put back together, but couldn’t really see anything through all that armour.
“Are you sure you fixed him?” I asked doubtfully.
“Of course! I’d stake my reputation on it. All we have to do is wait.”
“At any rate, you may leave once you’re done girl -”
“My name’s Marianne.” the girl replied sharply. “But you can call me Mary. And I can’t leave, Rain owes me for the procedure I just performed on him.”
“Oh, and my name’s -”
“A slave needs no name fool. Just shut up and stay there.” I hissed. Oh, that reminds me, I think I’m forgetting something... Ah well, if I can’t remember it, it wasn’t anything important to begin with. “Anyway, Rain’s going to show me the way to St. Elm, so you’re just going to have to wait your turn.”
“That’s fine with me.” the girl stated, giving up surprisingly quickly. “But until he pays me, I’ll be coming along.”
Well, it’s not like I care what she does, so long as she doesn’t interfere with my plans. I doubt she’ll cause any trouble though, she definitely doesn’t seem to care enough. Still, that might all change when I start massacring all those city dwellers. I hope she’s not one of those, “humanity is sacred, lives are sacred!” types of people. I wish I could kill all of them instead, but I’ve got to make do with what I’ve got.
I wonder what kind of place that city really is. Actually, I don’t really care. I just want to know what it looks like covered in shining crimson liquid.
Sentenced to Death

Originally, I hadn’t intended on coming here. I’ve got bigger things to worry about than some guy tending to a garden. It was only after that filthy barbarian brought my darling flower here that an idea popped inside my head. It was a good thing too, as I just so happened to arrive in the nick of time, as convenient as that may seem. Back on topic though, the reason I’d come was because of the rumours surrounding this place, which I was feeling more and more inclined to believe.
Another heavy hit and another broken guard. This guy just isn’t getting any weaker! We’ve been fighting for hours already and I’m yet to see any fatigue in him! To make things all the more unfavourable, this temporary body is about as fragile as they come. On top of that, I’d brought twelve paper doll substitutes with me just in case, but now I’m down to just this one and the one I’ve got in reserve! That’s eleven times he’s killed me! And now, if I’m suddenly used to split a tree in two, well, there goes my great plan and entire reason for coming to this damned death-trap.
You know, Newt told me the rumours about this guy, the terrifying Keeper, but who in their right mind would believe them? You hear these tales about a demon in human form, capable of destroying fearsome monsters and powerful nations alike, but seriously, there are so many of those kinds of fables and never are any of them true. I knew it was different this time though. Immediately after his first attack, it was very clear all the rumours were true, albeit somewhat aggrandised.
The amount of power behind the Keeper’s attacks was astonishing. Though this next statement makes me laugh, I find myself believing it more and more, and here it is: even if I were in my real body, I don’t think this is a fight I could win. Still, winning this insurmountable battle wasn’t exactly my first priority. I had come here for a slightly different reason.
The Keeper made a downward swipe with his hand, producing four white arcs that shot straight forward. I flipped sideways to avoid the razor blades that cut down the trees behind me, then cartwheeled again to avoid another one. I tried to retaliate, but no matter what I threw, they were either dodged or blocked and immediately countered. Long story short, I was never going to hit him.
Why do things always turn out like this? All I wanted was to have a little chat! But every time I try, the bastard forces me to use every ounce of my concentration on avoiding him!
I made a tight fist and aimed down, shattering the ground and sending chunks of earth spearing in every direction. The Keeper crossed his arms in front of his body to protect himself, and just when I thought this would be a fine opportunity to offer my proposition, he threw his arms back down in a forceful motion, roaring deafeningly. A powerful gale was created with his voice alone that threw back all those chunks of earth, which I in turn was forced to delicately dodge. Will I never catch a break?
I leapt high into the air for what must’ve been the hundredth time during our fight, and once again I was given no room to breathe. I was assaulted again and again as I tried to create enough distance between us, but the Keeper wouldn’t have a bar of it.
He employed all kinds of attacks to bring me down, some of which I was familiar with, but most I was not. It was actually a pretty good learning experience, though a deadly one. Spears of light shredded the air, minute gravity changes threw me completely off-balance, a stifling miasma covered the area making it impossible to breathe; these were only a small number of the forces he employed, and only against an even smaller number was I able to properly defend myself.
I retreated time and again, but the gap between us was always instantly closed. I hadn’t had much time to think to myself since this fight began, but there was one thing nagging at my mind, aside from staying alive of course, and that one thing was related to whoever that other energy scent belonged to. Whoever they are, they’ve been hanging back for a while now, and I can’t really understand why. I can feel it, the sensation that their power was so unbelievably high that it was far superior to the Keeper’s! It can’t be the girl’s, right? She was another thing I’d heard about in the rumours, that the Keeper looked after a girl who’d been cursed, a Princess if I recall correctly. I wonder why she hasn’t attacked yet?
The Keeper appeared right in front of me again. I don’t know whether it was his unbelievable speed or if he’d just teleported across space, but it’s not like it really mattered. I filled my fists and feet with energy and struck out with futility. He blocked every single one of my punches and kicks, making it seem like child’s play. He countered every blow I struck, forcing my levels of agitation to soar to new heights. In short, it was hopeless!
My ever-increasing frustration, a feeling I wasn’t actually that familiar with, had actually begun to burden me. Usually I have the upper hand, which could easily explain why I was having so much trouble trying to calm down. I have to get a clear mind in order to triumph, that’s how I’ve always fought. So think Brady! First you need to get some distance from him, but how can you do that when he keeps popping up right under your nose? I need to hurt him, which seems impossible, or at least make him stationary, for a couple of seconds anyway. After some serious thought, at least when I had time to do so, I finally came up with a somewhat mediocre plan.
I gathered up more energy into my palms and slapped them together, using all my strength to keep the swirling forces from separating my hands. The energy quickly began to overpower my strength, escaping outwards in a powerful blast at the Keeper, point-blank, the resulting force rocketing me backwards. All this, by the way, was done while dancing through the air to avoid annihilation, in case anyone was wondering just how incredible I actually am. Anyway, I’d finally grasped that split second I so sorely needed.
“I can lift the curse!” I cried as I sailed back further, the Keeper giving chase almost immediately after he’d been hit. It didn’t even look like it left a scratch! Just what kind of monster is he?
“No one can.” he muttered in a terribly grave tone, only ever increasing in speed.
“But I can!” I tried desperately. I don’t think I’m going to get another chance after this. “I have the answers you’ve been searching for!” Even I’ll admit that that was a pretty sleazy sales pitch.
There was no answer as the beast drew in closer.
“There’s only one way to get rid of a curse that’s set in!” Tch, it’s too late. He’s already attacking me again, but I still continued to speak. “You have to -” A blast of black light nearly took my head off. “- cut it off at the root, -” Another swipe of his fingers almost eviscerated me. “- annihilate its origin!”
“A curse’s origin is magic itself. There’s no way to undo it fool. Stop wasting our precious time and just die.”
“I’ve found the origin!” Boom! There goes one of my arms. “I can help!”
He’s not listening anymore, not that that’s surprising. Well, I guess it’s time for my backup plan. I call it the “Forced Servitude Plan”. It’s a good thing those rumours panned out, otherwise I’d be at a total loss right now.
I quickly darted back, reaching inside my robe simultaneously. I grasped the final paper doll between two fingers, immediately casting it out in the direction I could still feel that tremendous mystery energy coming from. It shot off and disappeared through the trees without hesitation. I watched it for a brief second before I felt my chest penetrated by the Keeper’s claw-like hand. My body crumpled and shredded itself apart, turning back into the paper it’d been hours earlier. My consciousness returned to my real body instantly.
“So how’d it go?” Decay asked, concentrating hard into the distance where I could hear those mechanical beasts clanking noisily. Seriously, isn’t it about time they gave up already? They’ve come in even greater numbers than before, making the ones I destroyed when I lost my arm seem like a paltry amount.
“Not great.” I muttered in reply, getting up to take a look around the outside of this ruin of a house. “He didn’t want to listen, so I’ve had to take drastic actions.”
“What does – hang on a second.”
We were bombarded by an innumerable amount of bright beams, but thanks to Decay’s dust-like ability, none of them struck our humble little home. I’m still impressed by that ability of his, being able to disintegrate whatever he pleases. The area surrounding the house however, exploded into columns of earth that skewed any visibility.
“How are the rest doing?” I asked plainly. Unfortunately, I had to care about them, at least until their use has run its course.
“They’re-”
I didn’t hear the rest as my consciousness was instantly transported back to the garden. The next time I opened my eyes, I was staring down at a young female, who seemed a little on edge.
“You must be the Princess.” I smiled. “You’re going to have to come with me now. I don’t think there’s any way your boyfriend will listen to me otherwise.”
“What do you want with Felix?” she asked, shrinking back from my outstretched arm. “Leave him alone!”
“Afraid I can’t do that. You see, I need his strength for an upcoming battle. Plus, I’ve got some really persistent guys after me at the moment, and I need them to be dealt with once and for all.”
“I won’t allow you to use him as you please.”
“Well you don’t have much of a choice now. I know you’re on a time limit, so I can pretty much do whatever I want once it runs out.”
“You’ll only invite death upon you and anyone around you.” she stated sadly. “Please, just leave us in peace. I don’t wish for him to be burdened any further.”
“Heh, don’t you worry about me. He won’t find us unless he agrees to my terms. Now then.” I approached the girl and grabbed her arm.
“Let her go.” growled an insanely hateful voice, spewing forth all the rage he’d built up over the past millennium.
“So long buddy!” I sneered, refusing to let go of the girl despite her struggling. “I’ll return once you’ve cooled off a little. In the meantime, I suggest you think about what I said, but know this, it’ll come at a price. Until then, I’ll be holding onto your woman.”
“Katheryn!” the fearsome beast roared, shaking the air with his unsettling malice and rage.
I smiled again as the Keeper, Felix, closed the gap in an instant, but it was too late. I had prepared this a little earlier, before I sent my paper doll to this garden, which again was mighty convenient. Decay’s ability is a little different to my little explanation before. It doesn’t exactly disintegrate things, more like it transports them in incredibly small amounts. The way he uses it just makes it look like his target is speedily eroding away.
Our entire bodies were swallowed in his dust, and a second later the Princess and I were standing in the dingy little house. I let go of her arm shortly before my body tore itself into little pieces of paper again. I opened my eyes in my real body once more and looked straight at the Princess.
“Welcome to my temporary home Katheryn.” I told the girl who refused to budge an inch. “I’m sure it’s not quite what you’re used to, being a princess and all, but I can assure you, it’s quite safe.”
“Run now and I’ll make sure Felix doesn’t give chase.” she said with complete seriousness. It made me laugh a little.
“Give chase? He’d have to find us first, and I’ve made that impossible. He won’t ever be able to locate us unless I let him.”
“Oh?” Decay muttered in surprise, turning his attention from the horde outside to the brave girl. “What’s all this then?”
“Hmm, that Keeper wouldn’t listen to me, so I took her to ensure he does.”
“What? You kidnapped her? How childish are you?”
I’ll admit, now that I’ve said it out loud, I couldn’t argue with his conclusion.
“Whatever,” I sighed. “It happened, so just deal with it.”
“But really? Even I’ve heard the rumours concerning that guy. They say he’s a monster even among monsters, that he haunts their nightmares and such, and you go and kidnap his woman? You’ve got guts, I’ll give you that.”
“Don’t worry about the specifics. Once things clear up out there we’ll get moving again, then I can finally begin.” I sighed, looking over to where my severed arm lay. I so wish I could maintain my paper doll form, just so I could have two arms, but it requires too much energy. In fact, I’m surprised I didn’t crumple sooner during that fight earlier. I must be stronger than I thought!
“It doesn’t matter.” the Princess said calmly, looking through one of the holes in the wall, before immediately snapping her eyes to mine. “You’re all going to die here.”
“What are you -”
“Hey! There’s something going on out there!” Decay suddenly started, making me throw my eyes into the distance, just in time to witness a brilliant light descend from the heavens.
The light itself was a bright white, opening up in the centre of the gargantuan horde outside, kilometres away, accompanied by a number of black, lightning-like streaks that plummeted downwards and a hellish rain made of actual fire. I couldn’t make it out clearly, but I’m pretty sure whatever was hit by the light had been disintegrated instantly, while the black lightning struck out like snakes, creating massive fiery explosions in every direction beyond the range of the rain that melted everything it touched. Hundreds, maybe even thousands of the metal critters were obliterated in an instant.
“We were separated once before, Felix and I. It was long ago, but ever since he’s made sure to know exactly where I am.”
No! That’s impossible! I designed those barriers myself! Nothing can be found once inside them! This has to be something else! Even if it was him, we were thousands of kilometres away from the garden! We’ve been gone less than a minute! Our little battle gave me a basic understanding of his limits, and he showed me nothing that even compared to this! It just simply couldn’t be him.
I couldn’t take my eyes off the carnage outside. The lightning strikes were decimating the horde like no tomorrow, but whatever was lost was quickly replaced. They couldn’t get close to the white light however, as the rain had pooled on the ground to create a lake of lava that had the heat to melt anything within seconds, and yet it still wasn’t enough to combat the sheer number of the machines. Whoever that was out there was going to have to do better than that, and that’s exactly what they did. Suddenly, all of the mechanical beasts, and I mean all of them, began to float into the sky. There must have been thousands! Maybe hundreds of thousands, and all without fail hung in the air, rotating their joints so they could get a look at their new threat. 
I focused my vision just as everything flew up and I was able to catch a glimpse of the being inside that bright white light. With shadows covering his eyes, hands by his sides and legs planted evenly, the Keeper stood there radiating a rage and hatred that could be felt even here.
I was stunned for a moment. I thought I understood the extent of his limits, which I had been very generous with originally, but now I see he has none. What a blunder this has been! I thought holding the girl hostage would at least buy me a small amount of protection, but all it did was unleash the most fearsome monster to ever grace the land. I’ve never even heard of anything that could hold a candle to him!
“What’s the matter?” the Princess asked. “Are you having second thoughts?”
“I am actually.” I muttered, unable to take my eyes off the Keeper in the distance. “I think I’ve made a huge mistake. And that’s not easy for me to admit.”
Outside, the Keeper finally moved. He raised up a hand and thrust it skyward. Though it was just a simple action, the battlefield changed completely. An innumerable amount of serpent-like heads rose from within the lake of fire, darting out immediately in every direction for the feast of metal awaiting them. At the same time, the lightning hardened and impaled the mechanical beasts with ease before splitting off to strike all of their neighbours, connecting everything together in some sort of deadly black web. Whatever of the machines remained, which weren’t many at all now, simply vanished when a number of white orbs floated out from within the bright light and into their midst.
I’ve never seen a spectacle like that before, not that I had much time to view it. The whole ordeal was over before even ten seconds had passed, much to our shock and disbelief. Then the Keeper made his advance.
“What the hell was all that?!” Decay demanded in a panic, holding out both arms in the direction of the Keeper. “He just destroyed everything in an instant! What have you gotten us into?!”
“Look, I didn’t think he was capable of something like that alright? It’s just as shocking to me as it is to you. Back in the garden -”
“Back in the garden,” the Princess cut in, “he was holding himself back. He knows how much that place means to me, so he’d never do anything to harm it. Even now he’s holding himself back.”
“That’s holding back?!” Decay cried, pointing out to the devastation the Keeper was now sprinting through.
“He’s afraid of hurting me, so he won’t go all out. If I weren’t here, you would’ve all been killed the moment you saw that bright light.”
This is just ridiculous! I can’t just take her word for it though. She’s probably just trying to unsettle us. Even so, I couldn’t help wondering, what if what she said was true? Still, he’s afraid of hurting her? I can use that.
“Fear! Get out here!” I called into the back room. “Actually, bring the others too. Just in case my defences don’t hold out, there’s a human out there I need you to deal with.”
While the other four could be heard moving about in the back room, the Keeper had crossed a considerable distance. He ran faster than anything I’ve ever seen before, easily beating his own speed back inside the garden, and as he did so he wore the demonic visage of rage and determination.
My defences activated the moment he was in range, the earth shifting and piling on itself to form three stone golems. They were huge in size, but thanks to my magic, they were both lightning quick and fearsomely strong. In fact, with the power I’d given them, they could probably smash an entire mountain to bits in less than ten minutes.
I sent a volley of my own attacks at the charging demon, just to open up his defences so my golems could attack. My spears of light shot out across the field and were instantly shattered with a swipe of the demon’s hand, just like I had planned. There was a problem though, his defences hadn’t opened up at all, nor had he slowed down in the slightest, not even when he tore through my first golem like it wasn’t even there! All he did was meet its fist with one of his own, then bam! The golem was instantly in pieces. He didn’t even bother looking at the other two as he ran through. One was coated in lava as the flaming serpents from before repeatedly dove into it, dissolving it into mush in a second. And as for the other one, all he did was point in its direction and my creation was sucked within itself! Not even a trace remained!
I could feel a slight panic begin to set in, another thing I was very unfamiliar with. I tried everything I could to stop this man, I would’ve even settled for slowing him down slightly, but nothing worked! Shattering the ground into razor sharp spikes, having lightning explode from the sky, even beams of highly concentrated energy had no effect on him! He just pushed on through without a second thought!
“Oi, oi! This is ridiculous!” Decay cried. “I’ve coated him in a thick layer of my dust, but he just won’t disintegrate! What the hell are we going to do?!”
“Just relax. We’ll subdue him using those guys.” I told him, throwing a thumb to the four siblings who’d just entered the room.
“What danger have you brought to my family?” Fear asked nervously.
“If anything happens to them...” Rage trailed off, making several threatening gestures. Insanity mumbled something incoherent, as usual, while Pain timidly remained silent, hidden behind her mask. The moment the latter entered the room, Decay jumped to her side, which, oddly enough, appeared to relax her body a little. I don’t know why, but those two seem to have a closer bond than the rest.
“Look, here he comes.” I told them. “Just do your thing and no harm will come to your family. Oh, and if you can help it, don’t kill him. But whatever happens, happens.”
“Very well.” Fear murmured, taking a glance at the enemy who was almost upon us.
“You four have a strange power.” the Princess mentioned calmly. “I can feel you all infecting my mind and body, but it is incomparable to that which my love has suffered. You will not be able to stop him.”
“Don’t listen to her, she’s just trying to unsettle you.” I laughed, ignoring the Princess’ very sincere look.
“No, I’m afraid it’s as she says.” the old man stated simply, turning towards the others. “I can’t influence him. It’s like all he knows is fear. It’s the same for all of you, correct?”
Rage looked furious but still gave her affirmative, Pain nodded her head slightly and Insanity strangely seemed to grasp the situation, also letting us know she hadn’t been able to do anything.
“So what then? You guys are just going to give up?” I yelled angrily. “If there was ever a time to show your worth, it’s now!”
“No, there’s nothing we can do.” the old man told me with an infuriating smirk. “We’re not sticking around to see what happens next. Decay.”
As if on command, their very bodies began to decay away, and all of them, even the insane one, smirking like they’d beaten me. A few more seconds and they’d completely disappeared.
After all the trouble I went through to free them, this is how they repay me?! Even after the lengths I’ve gone through to protect them, they just abandon me like I’m the useless one?! I will survive this encounter, and I will kill the lot of them! That is my promise.
“You’ve lost.” the Princess said, serving only to anger me more. “Give it up, you can still walk out of this unharmed.”
“I’ve lost? Not even close!” I told her, grabbing her by the throat as I slipped behind her. “If your man even thinks of coming close to us, I’ll snap your neck in an instant.”
“An instant? That’s not nearly fast enough.”
Suddenly the Keeper was there, the entire wall of the simple house having been ripped from its frame and tossed out of sight. His eyes immediately snapped onto us and began slowly walking forward, displaying the worst, most hate-filled look I’d ever seen.
“Ah!” I said quickly, slightly twisting my hostage’s neck. “Another step and her head’ll be on backwards.”
“Katheryn,” the monster muttered, his expression changing to a tender concern instantly.
“It’s okay Felix.” the Princess whispered lovingly. “I trust you.”
After she uttered those words the hate-filled look was back. I blinked and felt an extraordinary pressure snap the bones in my hand. I cried out in pain and shock as the demon dragged me by my broken hand, away from the one he loved, and used me to punch a hole through the wall. He never let go of my hand as he painfully slammed me into the remaining walls, ceiling and floor, time and again. Then, just as I was about to slip into unconsciousness, he dropped me.
“You spoke of breaking the curses we bear.” he growled with venemous rage. “I can no longer trust a thing you say, not after what you just tried to do.” He knelt down and lifted my bloodied head up by my hair. “But if there were some truth to what you promised, know that you only have a year to produce results.”
He pulled back with his other hand and plunged it into my chest. It hurt far worse than the beating I’d just been given, and my screams were proof enough. I felt his hand push through the muscle and bone until finally, his fingers had wrapped around my heart. Then he pulled his hand back out, but he held no pulsing organ. I checked my chest and found not even a mark had been left.
The inhuman monster got up and walked back to the sad looking woman.
“Let us go,” he said tenderly to her. “Let us enjoy the few remaining hours we have together.”
With his loved one in his arms, he turned back to me.
“I’ll find you again in a year and if you’re dead, I’ll know my answer.”
They were enveloped in a brilliant light, the same light the Keeper had appeared in, and then they were gone.
I painfully rolled onto my back and sighed out in frustration. Now a time limit’s been set for me to complete my task, and I don’t work so great under pressure. It would’ve normally taken me a couple of years to complete this! Looks like I’ll be working overtime this coming year.
I single tear fell from my eye due to sudden increase in frustration, the loss of my only companions, and now the fact that I’ve only got one year.
I can’t believe it. I, of all people, have been given a death curse.
Extra! Extra! The Weight Of A Thousand Worlds

Time is as incessantly cruel as it is forgiving. In a time before I became this, there was a saying along the lines of “time heals all wounds”. It was a common phrase back then, but like most other things, it has died out considerably. One thing that has remained strong and alive throughout the ages is my belief in the falsity of those words. Time, after all, heals nothing.
For a thousand years my love Katheryn has suffered unimaginable torment, her mind conscious and body frozen, only able to wake up for a single day every hundred and fifty years, though tonight was the exception. I don’t know the reason for Katheryn's miraculous awakening, it shouldn't have happened for at least another seventy years, but seeing her alive and well, despite the venomous circumstances, has granted me the ease of heartache like it has done time and again. But I did not always feel this way towards her. No, before I had even met her, I was consumed with a desire for her murder.
Now I return to why time is the cruellest device of all. I can no longer recall the names or faces of my beloved family that lived over a thousand years ago. The only memories from that time which aren't fragmented and fading away, are the ones surrounding my dearest love. I remember the figures that were my father, a man with the weaponry skill that easily surpassed the standard of the castle knights, and my mother, a woman who was renowned throughout the kingdom for her mystical attunement. From these two were birthed my four siblings and I. The eldest was my sister, then my brother, then after me there were my younger brother and finally, the smallest of us all, my younger sister. Oh how I wish I could remember at least their faces, but they have been long since lost to oblivion. The pain of not remembering those who showered me in unconditional love reached its breaking point long ago, and if it weren't for the love my dear Katheryn has shown in their stead, I might have abandoned this mortal coil long ago.
While their faces and names are lost, the events of the Beast Parade and after still grip my mind with clarity. The times were different back then, and yet somehow very little has changed. Our family not only worked hard on our farm, but also took different jobs on the side, mercenary work. The work mostly consisted of defending our neighbours or some of the smaller villages from bandit or animal attacks, but that time was different. The Beast Parade had only ever been told of as a fable, a story nobody believed in, but we were quickly shown the error of our ways. The rumours that a large number of beasts were wreaking havoc across the fringes of our kingdom were nothing new, which is why my father and older brother headed off like it were any other job. I never saw my father again.
The remainder of my family waited as long as we could before leaving our little farm. Once we felt the tremors rumbling the land, we knew we had to leave. We ran in the only direction we could, where we knew we'd be safe, towards the castle that stood strong in the middle of the kingdom. We knew that if the soldiers weren't fighting the demonic monsters, haunting the stars with their awful shrieks, they'd be stationed as close to the castle as they could. Why they hadn't yet moved remained a mystery to the five of us fleeing, but I was to find out soon enough, and with that discovery came a torrent of rage and hatred targeted at the helpless girl who would one day become the only love of my life.
We ran as far as we could before the little ones gave out exhausted, and then further still with them in our arms. The beasts' cries, growls and horrifying screeches only drew closer and closer as our frail bodies grew tired, until finally, the option of running had fled from us. My mother, realising our approaching doom, used her magic to raise the earth around us high into the starry sky and out of reach of the beasts below. This was the first time I had a chance to look over the hundreds of thousands of swarming, crazed beasts. Decayed and wretched, those creatures no longer resembled any of the animals that called the lands home. They snarled their torment through rotted lips, shrieked every time their exposed bones ground against each other. Hideous monsters with such insatiable hungers, wreaking carnage and death. Demons and devils, they were the horrific images of another world.
It was one of the most terrifying moments of my life.
My mother immediately acted by creating dozens of enormous tornadoes, swirling with deadly razor winds that cut and tossed away many of the beasts where they stood, but for every beast that fell, there were another ten to take its place. While my mother was concentrating on controlling her magic, my older sister took the responsibility of striking down anything foolish enough to climb up to our little platform; not a single claw made it to the top when her spear moved. My training had focused on knives, so I remained at the back with my littlest siblings and took care of anything that tried to come from above. For a while we were able to hold our ground, but just like my stock of knives, our luck wouldn't hold.
My older sister was the first to fall. Exhausted to the point where she could barely remain on her knees, the beasts swarmed up the side of the platform and plunged their claws and teeth into her. With the last bit of strength she had, she threw her spear to my horrified self and disappeared over the side. I can still hear the screams she made as she was torn apart to the point where not even a scrap of her remained, but not nearly as clearly as the scream of my mother. It was the agony of losing her daughter that made her make the maddening sound, so filled with rage and grief. I wouldn't have believed she was capable of crying in such a way if I hadn't heard it myself, but whether it was for better or worse, her grief was short lived.
My mother's fury manifested physically as the world below us was transformed into a hellish sea of swirling flames and devouring magma that took the lives of the hundreds of beasts surrounding us. My mother turned to us at that point and gave us a heartbreaking smile, and as she slowly collapsed to the ground, whispered something that was drowned out by the thousands of battle horns that suddenly came within earshot. Whatever she tried to say had been lost by the sudden arrival of the castle soldiers, but the look in her eyes told me only one thing: live on. And then, overcome by exhaustion and grief, she passed from the world.
Thanks to my mother's and older sister's efforts, the soldiers were able to outmatch the beasts in that savage battle to the death. The battle was over in a few hours, at the end of which, my littlest siblings and I were placed in the back of a cart and were taken off towards the castle. My rage was initially directed towards the soldiers for their lack of movement which had cost my beloved family their lives, until I overheard their complaints about having to come this far to fight, instead of staying to protect the Princess like they had been initially ordered to do. My target had been reduced from many to a single human being: the selfish princess. I hated her so much for the pain she had not only caused us, but for all the lives on the plains that had been lost because of her. During the day long journey it took us to arrive at the castle, and between the moments of care needed to tend to my remaining siblings, I found the resolve I needed to kill her, to show her the pain of the thousands of dead that were no doubt screaming for vengeance.
With the little rest and the singular hatred I possessed, I barely registered the praise the King was giving me. I think he was impressed that I’d fought against such staggering odds and survived, especially since I believe there were only a handful of us that had lived through the ordeal. The only thing I did catch was that he'd appointed me as the Princess' personal bodyguard, which I can only assume was either him believing I was solely responsible for the sheer amount of death my family had unleashed, or he was attempting to show he was a man of the people, giving me, a resident of the plains, the noble duty of protecting his daughter. Perhaps that was it. He would’ve gained admiration and praise, probably even the trust of the people, for having appointed one of the commoners, a no-name farmer’s son at that, to personally see to the protection of his daughter’s life. But it mattered very little what his intentions had been, not when I had been awarded the perfect opportunity for my assassination.
I left immediately for the Princess' room, gripping the knives in my belt with burning resolve, but stopped just short of the connecting hallway to her chamber. I could hear the patrolling guards and their mutterings, and thinking I should wait at least until they leave, I remained hidden in the shadows around the corner. Once again I listened in on their conversation, but I was so confused by what I heard, my resolve began to waver. They continued on to say how lucky they were to not have been mobilised, considering the desperate pleas of the Princess to her father, how she begged over and over for his stubborn self to send out aid to those who were being relentlessly slaughtered. And it was only after she'd threatened him with abandonment that he finally relented.
I couldn't believe what I’d heard at that moment. My hatred had been once again misplaced, but I didn't have to change my objective, after all, I've seen what the loss of a child can do to a parent, so what better way to make him suffer than to kill his daughter?
The guards finally continued off on their rounds and I made my approach on the Princess' chamber. I silently opened the smooth door and entered without a sound. If she knew I was there, she didn't show it. She didn't stir from her seat as she stared out the window at the great moon looking down on our small, insignificant lives. Only when I was standing at her back did I notice her eyes in the reflection of the window had locked to my own. I'll never forget the way she looked or what she said next that crushed my desire to kill her.
I'd frozen when I realised she'd seen me, and as I looked up at my own reflection, even I was taken aback by the repulsive look of anger and hatred. The Princess though, she remained unmoved, unflinching in my presence, all she did was raise a hand to her face and brush something off.
“I'm sorry.” the Princess whispered in a wavering voice. “Our first meeting, and for you to see me in such a state. It's so unsightly.”
I felt my anger renew at those words. Was appearance the only thing she cared about? Even after what had happened those past few days? To think my family had died because of a selfish person like her... My broken resolve had begun to rebuild itself.
“Are you the new guard assigned to me?” she asked, refusing to turn my way.
“I am.” I told her quickly, gripping my knives tighter.
“Then you are the one they brought back from the plains?”
“Yes.” I spat in a whisper fuelled by hate.
A moment of silence passed as I waited for her final words. Nothing came out of her mouth for a couple of minutes, and by that stage I’d had enough. I didn't need to hear whatever more it was she had to say, it simply didn't matter. The only thing that did, was that by the time I left that room, she would be nothing more than a cold, lifeless body on the stone floor.
I pulled a knife out of my belt, but stopped mid-motion at the sound of her quivering voice.
“I'm sorry.” she suddenly responded feebly, her shoulders shaking slightly. “I'm sorry. Because of me, your family, your friends...”
“Don't even think of mentioning them.” I hissed at her. “They're all dead now.”
The Princess hung her head, bringing her hands up to her eyes. I heard the wet sound of her tears striking the hard floor, but I felt no pity for the pathetic creature. I raised my knife above my head, but I couldn't deliver the deciding blow, not while my heart was still in confusion.
“Tell me something before you die. I overheard some of the guards talking. I heard you tried to send help to us. Is that true?”
The Princess only sunk her head further, making soft sobbing noises.
“I failed.” she told me in a broken voice. “I tried to convince father, but he wouldn't listen. He said that if they went, there'd be no one left here to protect me. I begged him and begged him to send them out, but he wouldn't. It was only when I threatened to go out there myself that he finally sent them, but by then it was too late. Everyone was... I'm so sorry!”
She broke down even further then and I felt the knife slip from my hands. I’d had enough experience dealing with others to know those tears weren't lies. She refused to let go of the grief and guilt that haunted her. The person I was supposed to kill wasn't like that. She was supposed to be a selfish, uncaring woman, not this weeping, feeble girl.
Finally, the Princess was able to muster up a few words, broken apart by deep breaths as she tried to calm herself.
“Are you going to kill me?” she asked in a shaking voice. While it might have sounded like it, her broken, small words were not asked in fear of the answer.
“No.” I replied after coming to a conclusion that would affect the course of my long life. “If not for you, my little brother and sister would be dead alongside the rest of my family. I won't take the life of someone who saved them. Though I miss my family terribly, it would appear I will be unable to catch up to them for many years to come.”
That was the first time I ever saw my love's face. She looked up at me with tear-stained cheeks and the saddest eyes I’ve ever seen, just begging for forgiveness. While I didn't have the courage to offer her any, I tried to comfort her by placing my hand on her trembling shoulder.
She cried all night after that, for the better part of the next day too, and through all that time she only allowed myself to stay by her side. Not even her father was allowed entry to her room. I don't know if it was through guilt or simply because I was her bodyguard, but she never once asked me to leave, though I doubt she would've even had the energy to do so even if she wanted.
Once the tears had dried up and only the dry sobbing remained, I watched on as the Princess became listless and unresponsive, a complete slave to depression. She said almost nothing, ate and drank very little, and had become so noticeably thinner that even I, someone who had known her not even a week, began to grow concerned. It got to the point where she couldn't even get herself out of bed, and so, for reasons unbeknownst to me at the time, I forced her to get up and leave the room. I brought her with me to a place where she could see the results of her actions.
Throughout that week, I had been split between guarding the Princess and taking care of my little brother and sister, and they had been doing about as well as she had. If it weren't for the fact that I’d been keeping busy, I might have been right alongside them, weeping and sobbing for our dear departed mother and father. I knew eventually they would return to their joyful little selves, but having lost so much in such a short time meant they wouldn't be capable of recovery so quickly, not when they were still so young. Which is why I thought it might be a good distraction, not only for them, but the Princess too, if they were to meet each other.
It took a couple of days to convince that vile king to let us leave the prison-like walls of the castle, but it was less because of my persuasion and more because even he’d begun to realise his daughter was wasting away so terribly before his eyes. And so I introduced the two parties. My younger sister's eyes lit up the moment I told her who our guest was. She'd always wanted to be a princess, as many little girls her age do, so for her to meet a real one was, well, there was no real way to explain her joy and excitement. My little brother, in comparison to our sister's non-stop barrage of questions, was stupefied, no doubt by the beauty presented before him. If I had been in any other mind, I might have found it amusing the way his little mouth hung slightly open or the way his eyes refused to budge at all from the target of his admiration. The Princess' reaction was quite different altogether. She was simply overwhelmed by the sudden energy of my little sister and before she could answer any of the rapid questions, her cheeks were flowing with tears again. She stood there with her hands over her mouth, watching the little ones as I told her that if the soldiers hadn't arrived when they did, those two wouldn't be there.
My dear Katheryn changed from that moment. Joy returned to her life as I brought her back to my humble house every other day to visit the remnants of my family, and as for them, they were still suffering from the loss, but every time the Princess came to visit, they would get a little better. It took several months before she was able to overcome the worst of her depression, though the guilt never left, and remains with her to this day. I tried what I could to ease her mind, but there was nothing that could wash away the stain. Even though she wasn't at fault, she felt the pain of all those who had died and bore that as her responsibility. I think that might have been the first time I ever realised the kind of wonderful leader she could have become. Perhaps I might have even realised it as early as that first night we met, and that realisation changed me. I came to see her as the kind of person I wanted to protect. Comparatively, I cared nothing for the King and his selfish designs, which only grew with each passing moment. His daughter however, she was someone worthy of being protected.
A year passed and the land still had not recovered from the Beast Parade. The lands were still soaking in their poisonous blood and there was a food shortage as a result. My love still hadn't forgotten the events of the previous year, but for some time now a smile had reappeared on her face. It was a beautiful smile, the kind that men would go to war over, but it also held the sadness she constantly felt. It was rare of her to give that beautiful smile when she was outside her room or not in the company of my younger siblings, instead showing a sort of dutiful, royal smile when conversing with the nobles or soldiers in the castle. There was one other place that would constantly light up her eyes and bring out that beautiful smile, and that place was her deceased mother's garden.
My love treasured that garden as the dearest thing to her. The garden was an impressive sight to behold, while barely a few metres in size, it possessed such amazingly bright flowers, some of which came from the far corners of the earth, while others could be found in our very own backyards. I would often arrive for my shift to find the previous guards in a panic over their missing princess, who I would always find crouching down in her mother's garden. She was so at peace in those moments I dared not disturb her, for it was the only time she was allowed a little respite from her usual duties and lessons. Thankfully, she didn't seem to mind if I went in there with her, though if someone else were to try and open the gate, they would run the risk of turning the Princess' mood afoul.
I quickly became the closest person to the Princess, much to the jealousy and scorn of many of the soldiers and nobles that frequented the castle. For most of their lives they had known the Princess, so for a country bumpkin like me to be so close to her was simply unthinkable to them. Many of the soldiers had one day hoped to become her personal guard, whereas the nobles were always parading around in front of her, trying to impress her enough to one day be considered for marriage. And again, when I showed up and suddenly became the Princess' favourite, they weren't happy in the slightest. But I didn't care, so long as they didn't do anything to harm my love's smile or in any other way hurt my siblings. I could deal with the slurs and the treatment; their attitudes and opinions meant nothing to me.
Those days we spent in the garden were probably the best of my life. I would never know a happiness like that ever again, replaced now by the anticipation and relief I feel when my love Katheryn emerges from that cursed crystal for just a single day.
Those days of happiness and joy came to an abrupt end on the night of an attempted assassination. It was a night like any other when the shadowy figure came for the Princess' life. That memory is as clear as day to me, simply because it nearly destroyed me. The assassin was waiting for us on that night, in the Princess' bedroom, with a short sword ready to strike her dead. If I hadn't been the one to enter first, many things would have been different, but I couldn't allow any harm to come to her, no matter who it was. That was my resolve, to protect the Princess with my life if necessary, as long as she could one day lead her people to a brighter future. But after a minute of fighting, I came to discern the identity of the mysterious assailant, and I was heartbroken.
He stood before me, his rage-filled face shining in the moonlight scattered throughout the room, pointing his sword at me with the intent to kill. My guard slipped as a result of my crippling revelation, and he used that opportunity to slip past me and aim for the Princess. I was able to intercept him, weakly, but his rage only ever increased.
“Why?” I asked him desperately as we locked together. “We thought you had died! Where have you been?”
He didn't answer me, concentrating heavily on trying to beat me down. He took another couple of swings at me, each aiming for one of my vitals, before muttering horribly.
“How could you, you traitor. Do you know what she is? She's the reason everyone died that night!”
“You're wrong!” I pleaded. “She tried to send the soldiers! It was her father that wouldn't allow it!”
“Ha!” he laughed in disbelief, before backing away and turning his eyes on the Princess. “You mean you haven't told him?”
The Princess gripped the back of my clothes in fear, but I refused to turn around.
“Well let me tell you the truth. Where do you think the beasts were heading that night? Why do you think they even gathered together in such large amounts in the first place?”
“Please,” the Princess whispered almost inaudibly.
“It's because of her, traitor. The girl you've been protecting all this time was the target of the Beast Parade.”
“What? That's ridiculous! Why would they gather for just a single person?”
“You really don't know? She really hasn't told you anything has she? I wonder if you would still protect her if you knew?” he laughed sickeningly. “Every three hundred or so years, a unique person is born with a gift, though with everything it comes with I suppose it's more accurate to call it a curse. That curse makes the lands fertile, the crops numerous and the waters flow clean, but it gives off the powerful scent of magic, a scent which draws in every beast from these lands and beyond. The Beast Parade only occurred because this girl called them in.”
“That's ridiculous!” I cried aloud, but the trembling hand grasping me from behind made me think otherwise.
“No, no. It's all true, isn't it, Princess?”
My love collapsed to her knees amidst sobbing cries of apologies, and I was frozen still. He tried one final time to slip past me, but my reflexes acted on their own, driving my sister's spear through his side and stopping him there.
“You are no brother of mine...” were the final words my brother spat before he moved on from this world.
“Brother?” the Princess suddenly asked, in a tearful, broken voice.
“Yes, my older brother.” I told her shakily in a disconnected voice.
My brother, the one that had died in the Beast Parade.
My hands didn’t stop shaking as I collapsed on my knees, and the Princess could only stare with tears flowing from her eyes. Knowing her, the reason for her shock and tears weren't for the fact that her secret had become known. It was because my brother had returned from the grave, only for me to put him back in it. We both blamed ourselves for it, but never each other. For a while I questioned why she didn't tell me about her gift, though I never hated her for keeping it secret.
It took me a long time to recover from that incident. I kept performing my duties and taking care of my younger siblings, but I was filled entirely by disconnection and self-loathing. My love tried her best to help and get me through it, despite the guilt ravaging her mind. It took me the better part of a year to come to terms with what I’d done, but the pain I felt never disappeared, not until it was drowned out by the torment that followed years later. I could sometimes still feel that sensation of running my brother through with that spear, and I was plagued with sickness because of it. I couldn't break the truth to my younger siblings, just so they would always remember him as the kind older brother that he'd once been. I didn't want them to know the crazed killer he'd become, or at least that was my excuse anyway. Deep down I knew the real reason I couldn't tell them. I didn't want them to know it was me that’d made our family smaller.
For a year I was crushed under the guilt and sadness of my actions, but I was eventually able to crawl out of that bottomless pit, due to no small part played by my love. She stuck with me through it all, through all the anger and violence I displayed. I never struck out against her, but my fury was taken out on the furniture or décor, or really anything I could get my hands on. That display seemed to please the nobles, as it showed the savage kid from the country for what he really was. Still, I gave them no mind, they were all greedy little pigs anyway, always lapping up to the King in order to gain favour in the hopes of being married off to his beautiful daughter. Still, their tiresome whispers were grating away at the King's ears, poisoning his mind and turning him against me, not that I had any great favour with him in the first place. But he could do as he pleased. If he wanted, he could lock me in the dungeon for no reason at all. I began to increase my awareness of the happenings in the court, for I would not be separated from the Princess, not after what I had sacrificed. No, that was incorrect. I would not be separated from her due to the feelings I had developed. She had stuck with me through my darkest of hours, a deed which I could never hope to repay.
As the years passed and the little ones weren’t so little anymore, my feelings for Katheryn only ever increased. I had come to love her more dearly than I had ever loved anyone before. Unlike the King and his little dogs, I cared nothing for her gift, only for the kindness and love she had always given me. We grew closer and closer as we spent more time together. Those were blissful days, the days where I walked side-by-side with her, dreaming of the courage to reach out and grasp her hand. But nothing lasts forever, save misery, as our little world would come crashing down around us with the introduction of a foul little beast.
During the years I spent trying to get over the loss of my brother, a shadowy, ghoulish man had gradually risen through the ranks of the court. The moment I laid my eyes on him I was repulsed, yet I couldn’t understand why. It was like the very air was toxic around him, enough so to make me almost immediately ill, but apparently I was the only one affected. His wicked little smile fit in so perfectly amongst the greedy pigs that they treated him as one of their own noble kind, despite the fact his past simply did not exist. This man, rose through those ranks as quickly as one allows to remain under the radar, until one day he was standing beside the King as his personal advisor. The previous advisor, a kind elderly man, had apparently fallen ill with an incurable disease, which was a rarity in itself. The Princess’ ability didn’t allow for things like disease to infiltrate her land, so I immediately knew this wasn’t a thing of nature. Without proof however, I could do nothing.
I especially did not like the look in that new advisor’s eyes. Whenever he laid them on the Princess, they always held such vile intentions, enough to make even her uncomfortable. A number of times I’d thought of running him through with my sister’s spear, but once he gained the trust of the King, touching him would be like touching the King himself. I wouldn’t risk separation from my love, not because of something so petty. But still, I knew he was plotting something to do with the Princess, and I would find out only too late.
The lands surrounding the castle had grown fertile again in those few years, but the farmers and labourers that tended to them weren’t coming back. This only lengthened our food shortages across the kingdom. We had enough, barely it seemed, but it couldn’t last. And that’s when the King made the decision which would end up costing him his life.
We arrived at the throne room one day after being summoned by the King. I immediately took note of wicked smirk his advisor was showing us, which made me realise something terrible was about to happen. The King then began to relate to us the dire situation his land was in, and that there was only one solution to it. He had to ask for aid in restoring his kingdom to its former glory, and for that he needed the help of one of our neighbours, a savage country full of barbarians and depravity, but they apparently were the only ones willing to help. To gain favour with them, the King had decided to marry off his daughter.
It was a deep blow to me, but the Princess’ rage was something else entirely. She absolutely refused to be traded off like an object, while all I could do was silently stand behind her. The King interrupted her fury by targeting her weakness: her love of the people. He told her that without this marriage the people would suffer in starvation and the land would fall to ruin. The wicked smile of the advisor only widened as he spoke, and I knew those words had come from him, but still I could not strike him down.
I always knew the King cared very little for his daughter. As long as she had her gift, he would take care of her in the most minimal of ways. She was rarely allowed to leave the castle walls, due solely to the fact that if anything happened to her, he would fall to ruin and his reign would end. He trapped her in that castle like some kind of exotic animal. I never cared for him, and the anger I held for his part in the deaths of my family had never faded away. But I couldn’t cut him down, not my love’s father. I couldn’t inflict that kind of pain on her.
And so the young king of the neighbouring nation came to inspect his offering. I knew at first sight that man was as vile as they came, even more so than that wicked advisor. The smell of blood clung heavily to his refined clothes and the way he talked was just rough and savage. Once he laid his eyes on the Princess, I could just see the twisted intentions he held grow tenfold. The only people that stood to gain from such a union were the two greedy kings, and my hatred for them both only grew. If only I had done something about it then and there, maybe then my love wouldn’t have had to suffer as she did. It breaks my heart time and again whenever I recall the treatment he gave her, made worse still by my inability to do anything about it. I begged her again and again to just run away with me. We could start a new life somewhere far from there as simple villagers or something, but she would always refuse, saying that she had to take the people into account. She couldn’t abandon them to the fates awaiting them.
A month passed and the Princess was taken to the depraved king’s castle, bringing along only me as she adamantly refused to go otherwise. We crossed into their barren lands, passed the villages in disrepair, the sight of which only caused sadness in my love’s heart. We finally drew upon the little king’s magnificent castle, a testament to his selfish desires. Even the closest village looked run down and shabby, and yet the monstrosity that was the castle looked as fine and glorious as any other. Only a ruler who cared nothing for his people could live in such a place, an assumption which would very quickly turn out to be more true than I had feared.
The depraved king welcomed my love with all the formalities one would normally expect, but all that was just for show. His wicked eyes revealed much to us, and with every step closer we took, my fears only increased. That night I was dismissed of my duties and no matter how much I challenged the order, my love kept turning me away. I knew the fate that awaited her behind those doors, and so did she, but all she had in her mind was that it was for the good of her people. I watched helplessly as she exited her room to visit the King and waited where I was until she returned.
The Princess came back in the early hours of the morning, shaking terribly and with a blank look on her face. I called out her name, but she wouldn’t respond. I reached out for her shoulder and she flinched violently. Finally, I was able to drag her chin up so she was looking into my eyes, then without warning, her tears just erupted. She collapsed in my arms, sobbing softly, and refused to speak at all. I took her to her bed and lay her down. I stayed by her side, her hand refusing to let go of the tight grip on my own, and listened to her cry herself to sleep. She didn’t eat that day, refusing to leave the room and begged me not to do the same. The day passed in that terrible castle like nothing had happened, until night called when a messenger arrived at the door, telling us the King had requested the presence of his soon to be wife. My love shook violently with fear, but she still rose to her feet and left the room, ordering me not to follow, saying she would send me back home if I did. She returned the next morning in much the same state as the previous one.
A couple of days passed and every night the King called on my love. I couldn’t stand it anymore. What had he been doing to her that could reduce her to such a state night after night? My duty was to protect the Princess from harm, and I had failed. Whatever was happening inside the King’s chamber was slowly destroying the soul of the kindest, most loving woman I’d ever known, and I would have no more of it. The night of our fifth day there, I secretly followed my love to the doors of the King’s chambers. Two guards stood at attention right outside, but they were knocked out with very little effort. The closer I got to the door the more my heart sank, the more my stomach twisted, and the more my fears were enforced.
I could hear her screams, so horrible and painful that I hurriedly rushed through the doors, and witnessed the most horrifying scene I had ever seen. The Princess, my love, was hanging from the ceiling by a pair of shackles, bare, blood running from an open wound on her stomach. The King turned towards the sudden intruder with a delighted smile on his lips, raising his barbed whip above his head. I stood there frozen as the depraved king asked if I would like to join in, telling me that no matter what I did to her, she would heal as if no wound had been inflicted. My love was barely conscious as she swung by her wrists, and I don’t even think she knew I was there with her.
I took one look at my poor, suffering love and flew into an emotion far greater than any rage I had ever known. All the foul malice I could ever muster was directed to a single point as I turned my eyes back to the depraved king, who was instantly blown against the wall by an unseen force. He was pinned there, smirking and laughing still, enough to drive a man insane. I picked up the barbed whip and lashed him again and again across his foul body until his insides were spilling to the floor. No matter how much I struck him, I could still hear his wicked laughter resonating throughout the room, until at last he was in too many pieces to count. I dropped the whip and immediately unclasped my love’s hands, carrying her gently in my arms until I had placed her in the King’s bed. Throughout the time I was dressing her, all she kept mumbling was “I have to do this, for my people... This is my punishment, for letting them die...” I couldn’t help but weep. I escaped from the castle that night, with her in my arms, and made back for our own kingdom.
My love regained consciousness some time during our short journey. She was still very weak, but she seemed to have a clear mind when she asked where we were. I told her we were returning to her kingdom and she didn’t ask any more questions after that. All she whispered was a soft “thank you” as she clasped her arms around my neck and cried heavily into my shoulder. I asked her once more if she would run away with me.
“I can’t Felix.” she wept into my shoulder. “I can’t abandon the people like that.”
“You haven’t abandoned them Katheryn. You’ve sacrificed so much for them already, you needn’t sacrifice any more. You have fulfilled more than your fair share of duties.” I told her as I gripped her more tightly in my arms.
“I need to be there for when my father passes. They will need someone to lead them.”
“Then let them lead each other!”
“I can’t.”
“Please! I cannot bear to see you suffer any more.” I begged.
“Felix,” she cried. “I wish I could run away with you, I really do, but I can’t just abandon my duties.”
“You have to! Do you think this past week was a one-time thing? The world is full of monsters like that, and worse! I cannot let you fall victim to that kind of depravity!”
“If it helps my people, I will endure it.” she whispered sadly.
“I never want to see you in such torment ever again. It broke my heart seeing you like that! I will never allow you to be tortured like that again.”
“Felix,” she cried. “But -”
“No! You’re not safe in your castle. If your father were to trade you off again, it would destroy me!”
I don’t know if my words were enough to move her, it wouldn’t matter anyway. By the time we arrived back at the castle, everyone was in a panic. The nation we had just returned from had declared war on us, and it was all my fault. So many lives were about to be lost in battles that would grow far worse than the Beast Parade had wrought. I felt that tremendous weight, knowing I would inflict the same pain, fear, rage and insanity that I had suffered a few short years before, but I would do it over and over again if I had the choice; I would never allow my love to suffer like she had again.
The first thing I did when we returned was visit my younger siblings. I told them of what I had done and what surely awaited, and told them they had to leave this place as soon as they could. They refused initially, bless their little hearts, telling me they would stand by my side no matter what, but I couldn’t have them caught up in my actions. They left that night and I wouldn’t see them again for years to come, but they never once blamed me or hated me for having ruined the lives they could have had. I immediately made for the castle once I knew they had made it safely out.
When I arrived I was immediately apprehended by the guards and brought before the King. His fury couldn't be explained in mere words as he told me that because of what I’d done, he’d had to take a drastic course of action. It was then that my love was wheeled out on a cart and my rage exploded. Encased in her crystal coffin, she looked at peace, but the way the King’s advisor laid his hands on the smooth surface with that repulsive smile, it just brought out all the anger against that foul kingdom I had previously been forced to suppressed. The guards holding me back were instantly blown apart and I charged straight for the King, but all he did was smile. I felt an incredible weight descend upon me, forcing me to my stomach, and I lay there helpless as a pair of fine shoes appeared before my eyes. The advisor knelt down, and I knew in that instant he was the one responsible for putting my love in that state. He then placed a pair of shackles on my wrists, telling me they would suppress my magic so I couldn’t escape.
The King delivered his sentence to me then and there. I was to be locked up in the deepest dungeon, for the rest of my life. I struggled as hard as I could, but I couldn’t break the restraints, then I felt a sharp pain to my head and blacked out. When I reopened my eyes, I was surrounded by the thickest blackness I’ve ever known. Light wasn’t permitted in that room, but that was the least of my worries; I wasn’t alone in the dungeon.
I heard the wicked laughter of the King’s advisor a short way away and immediately got to my feet to charge at him, tumbling over when my restraints reached their limits. He laughed again as he told me it would be of no use, that no matter how much I tried I wouldn’t be able to break free. He told me he had done something to me, cursed me, so that the King’s sentence would last an eternity. I didn’t believe him at first, but I eventually came to realise the truth to his words, and I still curse him to this day. I asked what he had done to the Princess, and he replied that she had been put under a spell to keep her immobile, but the spell allowed for her gift to still be of use. He then explained how she would be given to the hostile nation as a token of peace, so they would cease the war they had declared, and she would remain on display there for all time.
I charged forward in anger again and again, trying desperately to break free of the chains that bound me. The advisor laughed once more and left me alone in that darkness to wallow in my hatred and self-loathing. I wouldn’t hear the sounds of another human for many years to come.
Time doesn’t pass when there’s only darkness. I stayed there on the floor, sleeping and exercising, for what seemed like an eternity. Apparently the curse placed upon me meant I didn’t have to eat food or drink any water, probably so they could leave me down here to rot without them having to worry. But they would later come to regret the decision to give me such a curse.
Minutes felt like they were days, and days like years. I followed the same routine each time I woke. I would exercise to the point of exhaustion, sleep again, then exercise some more. I was determined to break out of this nightmare. I had to, for my suffering love’s sake. Her situation was far worse than mine, always had been. Why can’t they just leave her alone? Why won’t they allow her to live in peace? Those were the types of thoughts that kept me sane over the years. I felt like if I forgot about her, my mind would just fall apart. And that miserable way of living continued on for almost twenty years.
One day, something out of the ordinary happened. I was visited by a spectre, whose voice and form could not be determined. I later discerned this to be the result of a notorious individual of the time, the name of which has fled me, who’d caused the boundaries between planes of existence to warp and falter. The spectre told me it knew well of my past and my desires for the future, and said it was willing to make my dreams come true. At first I thought I had gone mad after being isolated for so long, but once my shackles were undone, I realised how real it all was. It told me it would unlock the cell door on two conditions: I ruin this kingdom and retrieve the Princess from the foreign land. If I could do that, it said it would help me lift the curses placed upon us. I agreed instantly and the door was unlocked. I was told that once I had the Princess, I was to place her in her favourite garden and await further instructions, and after that, the spectre vanished. I wouldn’t see it for another hundred and thirty years.
I went to work immediately, massacring anyone who stood in my way. Nobles, guards, it didn’t matter, and soon enough I was standing in a lake of blood, walking slowly towards the throne room. The doors were blown off their hinges as I passed through, and the rows of guards blocking my path were torn apart. The King sitting atop his throne began to grow fearful, but calmed once his advisor appeared by his side. The foul wretch smirked while he spat that he’d restrained me once before, and so he could do it again, but how naïve he was. He tried to suppress my power once more, but I easily broke out of it. The fool hadn't realised I’d let them capture me before, simply out of fear of what they might do to my love, but they'd tossed away the only thing holding me back.
The panic that spread on the advisor's face was delightful, but not nearly as much as the look on his face as his head began to twist around of its own accord. A loud snap later, and it was just the King and I left. I told him exactly what I’ve always thought of him, that he was the most selfish and vile of them all, before I raised the spears and swords from the scattered corpses and used them to pin the King to his prized throne. He continued to beg for his foul life until his very last breath, and after the King had finished squirming and finally lay still, I brought the castle down.
Once the grand castle had become nothing more than a pile of rubble, I recovered the treasures kept by the King. I handed the gold and jewels out to the locals, telling them to take what they could and leave for another kingdom to call home. All it took was one look at the fallen castle for their decision to be made. The kingdom was soon no more, and so I began my journey to find the Princess.
I set off to find her, slaying everything and everyone that opposed me. My journey took me many years as I crossed many different countries and kingdoms, where I met the best and worst kinds of people, until finally, I caught up with her. I found her in some noble’s house on display as the greatest treasure he’d ever acquired, and needless to say, my rage was quick to rise. He tried to stop me from taking her back home, but those of the nobility class have very little battle skills or experience, and all it took was a look around at the death I’d left behind for him to silently let me pass.
I carried my love in that cursed crystal all the way back to the garden she’d so dearly loved, absolutely refusing to put her in the back of some cart like she wasn’t even human. I arrived back during the middle of the day about six months after I’d retrieved her, and much to my great surprise, two unfamiliar, yet familiar, people were waiting by the garden, tending to it as best they could. While it took me a little longer than it should have, I felt a surge of happiness when I recognised them as my little brother and sister, though they now looked to be older than I was. I was so happy they’d managed to escape the consequences of my actions, I couldn’t help but let my tears drop.
My younger siblings explained to me what they had been up to over those past twenty or so years, telling me they had each found a partner in the villages they’d fled to. They told me they had tried, many times, to come back for me, but the King’s watch had been too great and with the little training I’d given them, they would have stood no chance. They told me the only thing they could do was make sure the plants stayed alive until I got out, a gesture which brought more tears to my eyes. I told them I didn’t blame them, and I didn’t. The time I’d spent locked up were due to my failings alone, and no one else should have to suffer because of me. They asked what I was planning to do with the Princess, to which I related my encounter with the spectre in the dungeon. They looked at me cautiously at first, like I’d gone mad in my isolation, but they eventually came around to trust me. Oh how I would have loved to have gone mad, it would have made the next nine hundred years that much easier.
I parted ways with my siblings the next day as they returned to their families, and I stayed by my love’s side. My first job was to build a place safe for her to exist in, since many a man and monster lurk in the shadows at all times. This task was simple enough, and I completed it by using the rubble from the castle to build a wall around my love’s garden. I built it high and thick, so come what may, nothing was going to get through it. It was only a small wall at first, but the longer my love continued to sleep, the more flowers would pop up outside. I took it upon myself to make the necessary adjustments to make the enclosure larger, and eventually it would turn into the large lands of today. On many of my exploits that came later, I’d find some rare or otherwise unknown flowers that I’d bring back with me, hoping my love would enjoy them the next time she woke.
Sixty years passed me by, and I had yet to venture far from my love’s resting place. The furthest I was willing to go was to my little sister’s house which was the town over from my little brother’s. They had grown quite old and happy, which eased the pain in my heart considerably. Their families had grown larger and they seemed over the moon when their grandchildren came to visit them. After all the pain and misery they had suffered in their earliest of years, I was glad and proud to see them live their lives in peace.
A couple more years passed and my little sister grew very ill, passing away not long after. My brother followed her almost a year later, and as I attended his funeral I realised something, I was all alone in the world. I had my love, but she had been sleeping since the time I had rescued her, and I spent those following years not moving from her side. My siblings’ sons and daughters would come by every once and a while, as they felt they owed a great debt to me for protecting their father and mother, but eventually the visits stopped. I was happy they came to visit, but as long as I knew they were alive and well, I could be content with that. And so I remained where I was, hoping that I would one day be able to hear sweet Katheryn’s voice again. Then the impossible happened, exactly one hundred and fifty years from the day we had first been cursed.
The spectre, who had been forgotten from my mind thanks to its absence, appeared before me once more, just before my love finally awoke.
“I’m sorry it has taken so long, but this was the only way to know for sure.” it said, taking on the form of a middle-aged woman who bore a strikingly similar appearance to that of my love.
“And what was it you needed to know?” I asked, wondering if its appearance was nothing more than a conjuration of the mind.
“I had to know if you truly loved her or not. You have to understand, ever since she was just a newborn, people have been after her either because of her royal heritage, or because of the gift she was bestowed. Even her father was no exception.”
“That much I already know."
“Yes.” the ghostly woman said sadly. “Both of your lives have been surrounded by misfortune and misery, but it doesn’t always have to be this way.”
“What do you mean? Will you keep your promise and help me break the curse that binds her?”
“I can do nothing in this form but give you instruction.”
“That is all I need.”
“Very well, then I shall tell you. It makes me sad that this is all I can do for her, but as long as someone like you is looking after and protecting my dear Katheryn, I needn’t fear for her future.”
The spectre began to tell me exactly what I needed to break her from the curse, and I immediately committed it to memory. There were so many ingredients to be gathered and rituals to be performed, but I recorded them in my mind so I could never forget. Once it was done, the apparition began to fade away.
“I’m glad she met someone like you, despite the circumstances that brought you together. I pray that you will never forget the feelings you hold for her, as she will surely hold them until the end of time.” the transparent woman smiled as she continued to evaporate, turning her head towards the crystal coffin. “One last thing before I go, come back here every one hundred and fifty years, and you will be able to see her again.”
I turned my head in surprise to the crystal, seeing that parts of it had melted away. Midway through, my love began to stir and sit up, then she opened her eyes and saw me.
“Thank you.” the spectre said as she completely disappeared.
“Mother?” my love started, sitting upright and looking around for the source of the voice, but it was already too late.
She had awoken and I couldn’t help but cry tears of happiness. I embraced her tightly as she sat there with wide eyes, wondering where she was. I told her of everything that had happened, sparing no detail of the end of her father. She cried when she heard about his murder, but never blamed me for it. I told her that her kingdom’s land had been flourishing ever since I brought her back, which seemed to appease some of her pain. I sat there with her in my arms for the entire day, talking to her, promising her that I would one day free us of our cursed lives. I hugged her tightly, refusing to let her go, but then the appointed time came. With tear-stricken goodbyes, I watched as my love was once again covered by crystals until they formed the coffin she slept in for those past hundred and fifty years. One day was all that was allowed for us to be together, but I would waste no time sitting about idly. I immediately set off in search of the ingredients I needed.
The next nine hundred years all blurred into one. I was continuously travelling, fighting and stealing the items I needed. I scoured much of the planet in search of the smallest things and slayed some of the greatest beasts and monsters to ever walk the land. My first great battle was a complete eye-opener, as I quickly realised I was in no way immortal, I just didn’t age. This meant if I failed in my quest, my love would be trapped for an eternity. I simply couldn’t allow that. I trained my body to surpass the limits of ordinary men and increased my potential for magic a hundredfold. It wasn’t long after that the rumours about me started spreading.
I not only had to deal with the beasts knocking on the wall of my love’s garden, but also the foolish men who came after me, trying to make a name for themselves. No monster or man was ever going to bring me down, not while my task was yet to be accomplished. I slaughtered them all. I showed no mercy for those who could not leave my love in peace. I didn’t care if they came after me, but to approach me where sweet Katheryn slept was unforgivable.
Somewhere along the line, the garden became known as the Garden of Sinners. I give very little thought to it, but I guess it’s an appropriate name. In the eyes of the religious, I suppose I have most certainly sinned. I gave up my belief of the gods long ago though, but people will always follow religion blindly, much like those false gods who have shown up recently.
My task has been long and tiresome, but I’ll never give up. I can’t allow my love, who has suffered so much in her life, to be abandoned like that. I learnt new ways of protecting her, even set up an impenetrability field to make sure absolutely nothing could get in. I went around to all the brilliant doctors and sorcerers in an attempt to try and find something that might break the curse. I travelled far to visit those that had been cast out of their respective orders for their differing opinions. I searched for anyone who might hold an answer to my questions, but they all said the same thing, that it was impossible.
I know the odds are stacked highly against me, but so long as she remains alive, I will too. I will see to it that one day she is able to walk around without fear, that when she goes to sleep, she will wake up the next morning. I want her to live her life like she should have long ago, a carefree, easy life, maybe even become a mother. Yeah, I think she would be a great mother, the kindest the world has ever known. That is my hope for her future, to see her smiling in this field of flowers, holding her daughter’s hand as they run towards the setting sun.
I will make my dreams into reality, for her sake. It might not come about for another thousand years, maybe more, but I will always push on for her, no matter what.
About the Author
F.M. Mayhem has little to say. He was bored with the world so he thought he’d try create a new one.
That being said, I’d love to hear whether you hated or enjoyed Crimson Lily’s little adventure! Let me know by rating and reviewing wherever you can!
Connect with F.M. Mayhem
I really appreciate you reading my book!  Here are my social media coordinates:

Follow me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/fakemayhem
Follow me on Instagram:  https://www.instagram.com/f.m.mayhem/
Follow me on Twitter:  https://twitter.com/FmMayhem
Visit my website for a laugh: www.mayhemtales.com
Or subscribe to my mailing list to keep up to date with future projects: https://www.mayhemtales.com/contact
Favorite my Smashwords author page: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/FMMayhem
