Sealed Fate
by Emma Wolf

Copyright 2019 Emma Wolf

Smashwords edition,
License notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold. If you would like to share this book with others, please purchase an additional copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s hardwork and supporting a good cause.

Prologue

Zach had thought it would be nearly instantaneous. A “your wish is my command” sort of thing, followed by a “poof” and maybe even some smoke. But it wasn’t. He had been waiting several days already and was growing frustrated. It gave him some comfort to know that even though Joseph didn’t want to do it, he didn’t have a choice. Joseph would have to do it eventually, but Zach didn’t like waiting around for eventually to happen.
Joseph was at his locker hunched over his backpack getting ready to go home. Zach sidled up to him and slammed the locker shut. “Hey, asshole,” Joseph spat out as he stood upright. He broke off his stream of curses when he saw who it was. “Zach,” he gasped. The red haze in Joseph’s eyes fled, and he slumped slightly. “What do you want?”
Zach pasted a huge grin on his face and though he enjoyed Joseph’s anger and eventual submission. “Nice to see you too.”
Joseph’s long fingers fiddled with the combination dial to get his locker open again, and he tried to ignore Zach’s presence.
“What kind of Arab name is ‘Joseph,’ anyway?” Zach pronounced the word “a-rab.”
From Zach’s smug smile, Joseph could tell Zach thought it had been an extremely clever question, but Joseph had heard it all before—jokes about his name, ethnicity, and religion and how none of it seemed to match. He was an outsider among outsiders. He wasn’t Arab, but that only seemed to matter to Arabs, who considered him Jewish. That fact, however, didn’t matter to other Jews, who considered him Arab. At the very least, everyone he’d met expected him to be called Yosef. But his parents knew they would move to America long before he was born, so Joseph it was. He never quite felt comfortable going by Joe.
“An American one,” he said tonelessly.
Zach dropped his voice. “Listen, about that project you’re working on. You know what I mean?”
Joseph looked up into Zach’s cold eyes and swallowed down his nervousness. His fingers twitched involuntarily. “Yeah, what about it?” He wanted to sound cold and annoyed, but Joseph knew it wouldn’t have mattered. His feelings didn’t matter.
Zach looked around to see if anyone was listening, but a crowded hallway was better than a quiet room for sharing secrets. With students trying to rush home and locker doors banging, no one would overhear them. Still, when he saw his ex-girlfriend at the end of the hall, he grew tightlipped. Tired of waiting for Zach to continue the conversation, Joseph turned his attention back to his locker.
“I’m getting impatient. I want it taken care of before playoffs.”
Finished packing his backpack, Joseph shut his locker and nodded. What else could he do? “Why can’t you just let it go? Why do you need me for this?”
“What’s it to you?”
“If I’m going to do it, I want to know why.”
Zach raised an eyebrow. Joseph thought it was meant to look threatening, but it took much more than an eyebrow to scare Joseph. He stood his ground and stared back.
Zach broke into a smile. “What do you mean, ‘if?’”
That was it. That was where the dog was buried, as Joseph’s mother would say. The idiom didn’t have a good English translation, so it was just one of those things that made her seem foreign and strange.
Joseph turned his attention back to his backpack and angrily shoved books in, one after another. Calculus, American Government, and a collection of short stories for English class. “Maybe telling me why will help me figure out a way to do it,” Joseph said.
Zach leaned in closer to Joseph. “You know what she did to me.”
Joseph rolled his eyes. “You need to move on.”
“I can’t let her get away with that!” Zach slapped a locker as he said it. “I just feel like after it’s done, all of my problems will be gone. She’s the root of all of them. My bad grades. Nagging from my parents. Coach harassing me. If she’s gone, all my other problems will just fly away.” He waved his hands to indicate the airy nature of his problem.
“You want her to fly away?”
Zach smiled again. “Yeah. Now you’re getting it.”
Chapter 1

People love talking about how they will never forget where they were when they heard about a traumatic event happening, no matter how far removed they were from the actual event. Years later, people pretend to remember every detail surrounding the moment they learned two planes had crashed into the World Trade Center or that Princess Diana had died. Funnily enough, these same people can’t remember your name five minutes after you tell them at a cocktail party and forget to return phone calls.
Psychologists call these memories flashbulb memories. There’s nothing special that makes the memories so vivid. It’s just that people can’t shut up and enjoy telling the story of how they learned the bad news over and over again—as though the fact that they watched CNN or had their car radio on was something to be proud of. So their version of the events, true or not, becomes etched permanently in their brains. It’s one of the many reasons I hate eye witness testimony.
Well, I can’t remember much about the day I found out Hazel Coronus was missing. It was a perfectly ordinary morning and who the fuck was Hazel Coronus anyway? As far as I knew, she was just some local high school girl who went missing. If I had given her disappearance any thought, I would have assumed that her boyfriend was behind it. Dating violence is sadly too common, even in high school. Her boyfriend’s friend was unlucky enough or connected enough to the crime that he feared he might be a person of interest, which is why his parents came to see me on that perfectly ordinary morning. The only reason that day is worth mentioning at all is because it’s the day I trace everything back to. The Patient Zero of days. The day that events were set into motion to teach me that there were more things in heaven and earth than were dreamt of in my law school.
It was no surprise to me that morning that my office building had been tagged by graffiti artists yet again. See above: re. “perfectly ordinary morning.” Someone had been marking the building with a strange winged heart symbol for almost as long as I’d been working there. It was always the same simple heart with wings spread wide open, and it was never especially artistic.
What was surprising—or at least, what was approaching noteworthy—was that it had been done in spray paint. Usually the wannabe Banksy used chalk, but apparently now he or she was desperate for the message to remain, as though there were someone in my building’s five floors who hadn’t yet seen it over the years and the artist was making one last plea to be noticed. Nonetheless, the property manager, clearly not a fan of modern art, had called maintenance men to come and scrub away the vandalism. Soap and water didn’t seem to be working. They would probably have to power wash. As I walked into the building, I wondered if the building owner would try to increase our maintenance fees to pay for it. I held the door open for a woman in a beige pantsuit. I recognized her as working in the therapists’ office on the third floor but never learned her name.
“What’s this, the tenth time this year?” she asked and nodded behind her towards the maintenance men scrubbing the building.
I shrugged. “I lost track.”
“And it’s always that same stupid symbol. Do you think it’s a gang sign?”
“I doubt it. It seems too pretty and whimsical to be a gang sign. It looks like a tattoo you see in cartoons. ‘Mom’ should be written across it in an unfurling banner. It’s probably just some bored kids.”
She gave a half shrug. “Shame. A bit of gang violence might be good for business.”
I laughed. As a criminal defense attorney, gangs and a deteriorating neighborhood would be good for my business too. We were in prim and proper Southeast Texas. Nestled by their trim green lawns and strip malls, our neighbors were thankful they were protected from the crime of Houston to the north and the poverty of Galveston to the south. Murder and robbery were hard to come by, which translated into slow business. I felt a bit ghoulish knowing that I’d profit when the neighborhood turned, but it was good to know I wasn’t the only one thinking like that. She could get away with making the comment because she was a therapist and in the business of helping people, but everyone hates lawyers.
The elevator doors opened on her floor and she exited, saving me from having to make a clever response. I went up two more floors, to the top of the squat, suburban office building, and entered my small office suite.
A man and a woman sat next to each other in my waiting room. She wore a long brown skirt and dark blue blouse. A blue and beige scarf was wrapped intricately around her hair. A few dark curls escaped the scarf and tangled themselves in her earrings. The man she was with dressed conservatively. He wore a gray button down shirt without a tie. His thick hair was graying at the temples and blended into a well-trimmed beard. She kept biting her nails, and his foot tapped a nervous rhythm. They looked like they’d rather be anyplace else than in a lawyer’s office. I couldn’t blame them. I smiled at them, but wondered who they were. I didn’t remember having a meeting scheduled that morning, but that is why I had a calendar and, more importantly, a secretary.
My curiosity was piqued. They didn’t look like my normal type—i.e., those accused of a crime. They both appeared to be in the late 40s. Maybe they were looking for a prenup. I glanced back at them and got a good look at a gold band on the woman’s ring finger as she chewed her nail. Maybe not.
I leaned over the faux-marble receptionist’s desk. “Any messages?”
Gabby nodded and passed a few notes to me.
“Remind me who they are,” I asked in what I hoped was a quiet voice.
“Walk-ins,” she whispered back. “Their name’s Fahima. You have nothing else scheduled, and they paid the consultation fee.”
I frowned. I hated walk-ins. Here’s a bit of free legal advice for you: make an appointment with your lawyer by phone. Don’t just show up at her office and expect her to be available. Calling me first allows me to ask a few questions so I’ll be able to do some research before we meet and maybe provide you with a few answers. That way I won’t feel like a bumbling idiot and you won’t feel like you wasted your time and money.
“They were pretty insistent,” Gabby added in an apologetic tone.
“Give me a few minutes to go through these,” I said and shook the stack of messages. “I’ll call you if there’s something that has to be taken care of. Otherwise, send them to me in five minutes.”
I walked the down the small hall, past the server room and break room, to my office in the corner. I opened up the blinds to look out over a mini-golf course and a shopping mall. Many law students dreamed about the corner office and a penthouse suite, but I found the view to be uninspiring. My desk was overflowing with papers and casefiles. My IKEA bookshelves sagged from the weight of trial notebooks and impressive law books that I rarely opened. I reminded myself that I was doing good by my clients, but sometimes, on the days that I had to argue over the little details like which fast food restaurant should be used as a point to exchange child custody or how many text messages were reasonable before it became harassment, my work didn’t feel very meaningful.
I quickly finished an email to a client worried about making her next appointment with her parole officer as Gabby sent the couple in.
“Mr. and Mrs. Fahima. Please have a seat. I’m Madeline Sands. Can I get y’all anything? Tea, coffee, Coke?”
“No, thank you. But call me Omri. And this is my wife Mazel.”
“Omri, Mazel,” I repeated and nodded to each of them. “What can I do for you?”
Mazel cleared her throat and began. “It’s our son, Joseph. He’s in trouble.” They both spoke with mild accents that I couldn’t place, but their English was fluent. I guessed they’d moved to America within the last ten years.
It was always tricky dealing with parents, if their son would decide to hire me, that is. They’d want information on their kid’s case that the kid wouldn’t be willing to share. Parents often thought that since they were the ones paying my fees, I would owe loyalty to them. That’s not how it works. It goes better if I get all that out in the open in the beginning.
I held out a hand to stop them. “Before you begin, let me tell you a few things. I know you wouldn’t be here unless your son were in some kind of trouble. So let me just say, I don’t know what you know about attorney/client confidentiality, but it doesn’t apply here to you. Even if I take your son as a client, he would be the client, not you. I’ll owe loyalty to him, not you. I can’t tell you what he tells me, and I won’t keep secrets from him. All of this is my fancy lawyer way of saying don’t tell me anything you don’t want to end up in Joseph’s ear. And don’t think I’ll be there to help you with your own problems with your son.”
Omri frowned grimly but nodded. He seemed to like the way I was upfront, but Mazel bit her lip, worried. I chalked it up to her being an overprotective mother, a control freak, or some combination of the two. 
“How old is Joseph?” I began.
“He’s eighteen. A senior in high school.”
“Why isn’t he here too? Has he been arrested?”
“We thought it would be prudent,” Omri chose his words carefully, “if he continues to go to school and pretend nothing is wrong.” I noticed that Omri hadn’t said outright that his son hadn’t been arrested.
It seemed strange to me. Either they had trouble and needed a lawyer or they didn’t. Joseph’s absence meant I was missing an important piece of the puzzle. “Okay, so what is wrong? What kind of trouble is he in? Are the police involved?”
“They called yesterday. Joseph was in an afterschool club. They left a voicemail. The officer left his number and told Joseph to call back.”
“Did he?”
“No. We thought we should talk to a lawyer first.”
“Good thinking,” I said. It’s rarely a good idea to talk to the cops. They usually don’t call you in for questioning because they want to clear your name. But ignoring them won’t make them go away. The more you try to avoid talking to them, the more they want to talk to you. This dance would go on until they arrest you or, if you’re lucky, someone else. “But you still haven’t told me what this is about.”
“A boy in his school is getting him into trouble,” Omri said simply.
Mazel shook her head. “No, it started before then.” She took a deep breath to prepare herself for the story. “Joseph was being bullied in school. Kids stole his things. His cell phone, his watch, his jacket. That sort of thing.”
“What did the school do?”
Mazel gave a short snort of laughter to show her amused disappointment with the school’s methods. “Not much. There was a mediation with one of the students. Zach was his name. He was forced to take some sort of sensitivity training. A class on other cultures or something. Then the school tried to keep them apart. That was last school year. It helped for a while, maybe. Or maybe it was just that it was summer and they were apart. Things calmed down. Then this year began.”
I raised my eyebrows. “They’re not staying away from each other, I take it?”
Mazel scoffed. “Now they are almost best friends.”
“That’s good, right? The best way to defeat an enemy is to turn him into a friend.” I thought I had read that in a fortune cookie once.
Omri and Mazel didn’t look too impressed by the wisdom of desserts. “I wouldn’t call them friends,” Omri said. “They spend time together, but Joseph is just as miserable as he was when Zach was bullying him.”
Mazel nodded. “All the time, this boy Zach is at our house or Joseph is at his. But he seems to hate it and resent Zach. First I thought, as you did, that maybe they had become friends and the bullying would stop. But...” she looked to her husband and trailed off.
People didn’t hire a lawyer to counsel their kids on friendships. I wondered what was really going on and why they were so reluctant to come to the point. “Okay. So did this Zach kid get Joseph into some kind of trouble with the police?”
They nodded. “Recently, some of the other parents have started calling us. Telling us that Joseph has been bullying their kids. But Joseph is such a nice boy.” Mazel’s voice was full of both pride and sorrow. “He remembered what it was like being bullied by Zach. How horrible it was. Why would he hurt other kids?”
It was the nature of high school. Kids would do anything to get a sense of belonging. Of course, I wouldn’t say that to upset parents.
Omri continued the story in a grim tone. “Saturday evening, I got a call from a father of one of the girls in Joseph’s school. Hazel is her name. Hazel Coronus. She came home from school Friday afternoon, dropped off her backpack and did her homework, and then vanished. She’s missing, but that’s all anyone knows.”
“Why call you about it? Is she friends with Joseph?”
Mazel bit her lip. “I don’t think so. Not exactly. But she’s Zach’s girlfriend.”
I nodded as the picture became clearer in my mind.
“It’s always the boyfriend, isn’t it?” Omri asked. “When someone disappears, isn’t the boyfriend who did it?” His questions seemed more rhetorical than anything else. At least, he didn’t wait for my answer on crime statistics. “And Joseph, as someone who associates with the boyfriend, he might know something or...” He couldn’t bring himself to say that anyone would think his son was involved.
I wondered if the Fahimas were getting ahead of themselves or if they knew more than they were letting on. “Right. So when the police called yesterday, they were calling about her?”
They nodded again. “Joseph’s in school today because he didn’t do anything wrong,” Mazel said. “And we came to talk to you about what happens next.”
I nodded. I suppose that made some sort of sense. I handed Mazel my card. “Have Joseph call me before he calls them.”
Mazel let out a sigh of relief. “So you’ll take his case?”
“I’ll talk to your son,” I corrected. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. We don’t even know if there is a case yet. Or if Joseph will want to hire me.”
“This was Joseph’s idea,” Mazel said. “He said you were recommended to him.” 
I smiled politely. At least, I hoped I did. I wondered who had recommended me to them. Who of my previous clients—mostly drug addicts, crooks, and cheating husbands—traveled in the same social circle as this high school student? I also wondered why he thought he needed a lawyer so soon. It didn’t even seem that the police knew if there was a case yet—Hazel could have run away—let alone if Joseph was a suspect, but he sent his parents to a lawyer’s office. Strangest of all perhaps, one that he himself had recommended. Most people didn’t bring the lawyers in until further down the road. I figured either the family was smart and proactive or Joseph had murdered the missing girl.
Joseph called me that afternoon. I’d expected that he would call immediately after school, but he waited until nearly five o’clock. I had just about given up on him and was getting ready to go home when Gabby told me he was on the line.
“Unless there’s anything else you need, I’ll head out,” she said.
“That’s fine. Just put him through. See you tomorrow.”
I’d hoped to get more answers out of him, but he was soft-spoken and guarded over the phone, giving only one-word answers. He was either hesitant to talk with his parents nearby or was hiding something.
“Why don’t you come by my office tomorrow afternoon?” I suggested. “That way we can talk with more privacy.”
“Can I come sooner?” His words came out in an eager rush.
“I’m about to close up shop.”
“What if the cops call again?”
“Don’t answer the phone. Tell your parents to tell them you can’t talk.”
“I can’t have them lie.”
“It’s not a lie. You can’t talk to the cops until you talk to me. I’m not letting you.”
He grunted in reluctant agreement to those terms and told me he would come in tomorrow after school.
I turned off my computer, switched off the light, and locked up the office to head home. On the drive home, I put on the radio in my car to a classic rock station and mumbled along to a Janis Joplin song until the news came on. The station reported that there would beautiful weather for the rest of the week, of course, and a bit about the latest in a local politician’s sex scandal. Nothing earthshattering, but then I heard the name Hazel Coronus—the name of the missing girl the Fahimas had mentioned. I turned up the volume.
The reporter had nothing to say that the Fahimas hadn’t already told me—just that she was a high school student missing since Friday. At a stoplight, I pulled out my phone and entered her name into the search engine. The station’s website appeared with a short article about her disappearance and a yearbook picture of her. She was cute with a heart-shaped face and a ring through her lip. So there was the victim of the murderer I was about to represent.
Chapter 2
 
My alarm went off too early the next morning, as it seemed to always do on days I have to be in family court. Family court was the worst. Sometimes people ask me how I can represent murderers and rapists and people accused of all sorts of terrible things. How can I read the police report, talk to their victims, and still fight for them? There’s a long answer for that question, but the gist of it is that at least they aren’t petty assholes like my family law clients fighting over furniture and television sets. God forbid they had kids together! Then comes the real fun of seeing the exact point at which the parents hate each other more than they love their children. At least it paid well.
I growled as I gently nudged my cat Meena off my chest. She meowed in protest then followed me down to the kitchen where she yowled for her breakfast.
“Never get married, Meena,” I said as I emptied the can of Whiskers into her bowl. “Well, I’m sure you and that tom cat from the down the street will defy the odds, but if you want a prenup, let me know.” She just scoffed down her food.
Over breakfast, I skimmed through the files of the clients I’d meet in court later today. The family law client was Isla Frank—soon to be Isla Moon again. This should be relatively simple. Her and her current husband would be there to finalize their divorce with the court. All the details about their property had already been agreed upon in a binding mediation a few weeks ago. 
The other client would be Bran Kennedy for his first appearance on a mischief charge. I had laughed when I first read the police report.  You’ve got to love crimes like “mischief.” It sounds like something out of a cartoon. Like one of Wile E. Coyote’s plans to catch the Road Runner. I laughed even harder when I read what the State was offering him—four months in jail for releasing a couple of chickens at a KFC. Yeah, we would never take that deal.
I got to the Galveston County Courthouse early, passed through security, and went up to the courtroom for Bran’s first appearance. The gallery was already full of nervous-looking litigants—mostly defendants feeling uncomfortable in their Sunday best and younger couples going through divorces staring daggers at each other—and their attorneys—nearly all like in our black suits, white button down shirts, and ties for the men. Sometimes we wore a splash of color among the shirts or pinstripes running down a suit, but mostly we were a dull bunch.
Bran wasn’t among them. I checked the clock. I still had some time, so I looked for the district attorney on his case. Emmitt was a barrel-chested older man with a mellifluous baritone voice. I approached Emmitt at the counselor’s table and rolled my eyes dramatically. “Mischief, come on!”
“Hello Maddy.” He pulled out a chair for me to sit next to him. “What’s this? His fifth charge this year? We should give him a punch card. After ten convictions, the 11th one is free.”
“Nah. The guy’s Teflon. Nothing sticks.”
Emmitt nodded. “He’s got a hell of a lawyer.”
My cheeks burned. “Thanks, Emmitt.”
“So are you gonna sweet talk me or what?”
“What are you offering?”
“You saw our offer,” he said as he tapped the file.
“I thought that was a joke! Please, he released some live chickens in a KFC. Everyone had a laugh chasing them around. It’s not like he doused the place in pig’s blood.”
“He’s lucky we don’t charge him with domestic terrorism.”
I rolled my eyes again. “You really think he was trying to make a statement about vegetarianism? They probably weren’t even chickens.”
“Is that your defense?”
“I guess you’ll have to wait and see. He’s pleading not guilty.”
“Can’t wait.”
“What have you heard about Hazel Coronus?” Emmitt might know what the police and district attorneys were thinking. I tried to make my question sound casual, like I wasn’t representing a potential suspect in her murder. Assuming she’d been murdered, of course.
“Who’s she? Some avian expert?”
“Come on. Don’t play coy with me.”
“You know me better than that.”
“She’s that high school student who went missing. She was on the news last night. I want to know if the State’s preparing charges about her abduction.”
“What’s it to you? Got anything to do with your chicken guy?”
“I’m just curious. It’s a juicy story. If she’s not found and fast, this place is going to be crawling with reporters.” I smoothed my hair down and pretended to preen. “How else am I going to get on TV?”
He shrugged. “You know I only handle cases with poultry involved.”
I smiled at him. Emmitt was a good guy, for a prosecutor. He was older than any of the other district attorneys who worked misdemeanors. Actually, he was older than most of any of the other district attorneys in the county. Criminal prosecution tended to be a young man’s game. District attorneys usually started in the misdemeanor division when they were fresh out of law school. Then, as they proved their worth, they’d be promoted to felonies. At some point, most prosecutors learned they could make more money in private practice and switched sides to become defense attorneys.
Not Emmitt. It wasn’t that he was a bad attorney. He was dedicated and sharp, even when his case was about nothing more than a flock of chickens. He was also courteous to other attorneys, which unfortunately could be a rare trait.
“Why do you stay down here in misdemeanor land?” I asked him bluntly. I knew he’d turned down a promotion to felony in the past.
“The stakes are lower here,” he said. 
“What do you mean?”
“Well, if things get fucked up here, it’s no big deal. Either a good kid gets a second chance or a bad guy gets off for something minor and will get caught for something else later. Here it’s always a funny story. You go home from work laughing about the streaker or the ways a drunk can mess up a field sobriety test. In felony land, it’s more serious. You don’t laugh about kidnapping or domestic violence.”
That was a good way of putting it—dividing crime between the funny, no one was hurt kind and the serious kind that made us question how we could continue to do our jobs and face that sort of evil every day.
“Well, you don’t laugh about it,” I said flippantly. It probably said something sick about me that I frequently told stories of burglaries and kidnappings at cocktail parties. Or maybe it was just my way of coping with defending the people the world considered to be monsters.
Disappointed that Emmitt couldn’t tell me anything about Hazel and still not seeing my client, I stepped back into the hallway to make a call. Bran’s phone went to voice mail after a few rings. “Hello, Bran. It’s your charming lawyer Maddy. Don’t know if you remember you have a court date today or not, but you do. Your ass better be here within the next six minutes.”
Someone put a hand on my elbow. “Is it just my ass you’re wanting or all of me?”
I turned around slowly, hoping that the blush would fade from my cheeks before I faced him. “Hi Bran. Glad you could finally make it,” I said in a stern tone and cursed myself for walking right into his teasing. I should have known better than to make a comment about his ass. Bran was a shameless flirt.
“Just a reminder, you’re here today...”
“On the mischief charge. I remember. The chickens. And I’m pleading not guilty,” he said as he threaded his belt back through the loops of his jeans. I tried not to stare, but he’s nice to look at. I know I’m not supposed to date my clients, but that doesn’t mean I can’t admire them. He wore a crisp linen jacket over a button down shirt, both of which he filled out nicely. His dirty blond hair was artfully sculpted to that fine line between bedhead and professional.
“You got it. If you conducted yourself in life the way you do in court, I’d see a lot less of you.”
Dimples appeared on his freshly shaved face as he smiled. “You know it’s just a cry for your attention. If I hadn’t released those chickens, I wouldn’t get to spend this time with you now. I hired a musician to serenade you, but he didn’t make it through security.”
I couldn’t encourage his flirting, but I knew from experience that the more I fought it, the worse he would get. I punched his arm playfully. “Get into that courtroom and make me proud.”

After Bran’s arraignment, I set out to meet my next client in a family law courtroom downstairs. Isla Frank—about to be Isla Moon again, after her divorce—was always punctual and never very patient. She was pacing the corridor in front of the courtroom, nearly wearing holes in the carpet with her four inch stilettos. She marched over to me when she spotted me coming out of the elevator. “What’s going on? William’s not here yet.” She flipped her long platinum hair out of her face in displeasure.
I checked the time on my cellphone. The hearing wasn’t scheduled for another fifteen minutes, but I could understand her impatience. This divorce case had dragged on for well over a year as they argued over seemingly every insignificant item they’d ever owned and reneged on each agreement. Today they were supposed to finally enter their final orders. “I don’t suppose you’ve seen Whitney?”
Isla shook her head.
As if summoned, Whitney appeared behind us. “I just tried to call your office. Will was in a car accident this morning. He’ll be fine, but he’s in the hospital.”
Whitney Applebaum was the worst of lawyer stereotypes. When I’m in a good mood, I can write him off as aggressive and a fierce advocate for his client. But when I feel less than charitable I call him an asshole. He’s the kind that thinks a good back-handed compliment—“When I read how strong your pleadings are, it always makes me forget how much of a pushover you are in court”—will rattle other attorneys and believes that yelling louder will make his arguments stronger. The trick to dealing with that was to be prepared, speak softly, and hope the judge would threaten him with contempt. I chalked his attitude up to his parents’ poor choices. Any boy named Whitney probably had a rough childhood.
Isla swore. “Shame it didn’t kill him. Then we wouldn’t have to split the dog down the middle.”
“Your sympathy is noted, Mrs. Frank,” he said in that snide tone he usually reserved for the courtroom when he’d rub a witnesses nose in what he considered to be a half-truth.
I gritted my teeth and put up a hand and massaged the spot between my eyes to ward off a headache that was coming. “Stop it, you two. Whitney, what do you want? We can continue without him, can’t we? We just want a judgment on what they already agreed to before Mr. Frank became incapacitated.” I didn’t see why we couldn’t proceed in Mr. Frank’s absence, even if it would appear slightly tacky, with him being hospitalized and all.
Whitney looked reluctant. “In light of Mr. Frank’s, um, brush with death, my client wants to reconsider the agreement and file a motion to continue.”
“Which parts of the agreement?” she asked coldly, no doubt considering the oil wells she would have been gaining in just a few short minutes but for the car accident.
Whitney shrugged. “He was kind of drugged up when I spoke to him. I don’t think I can proceed with my client in that state.”
“If he was so drugged up, how do you know he really wants to reconsider?” Isla asked.
Whitney scowled at her. “I have to respect my client’s wishes. He’s lucid enough to tell me he wants to back out, but I’m still fuzzy on the why and what. That will have to do, unless y’all want to argue in front of the judge that you want to steamroll my incapacitated client.”
I glared at Whitney. Legally, he and I both knew we could proceed. There was no way the parties were getting out of their mediated agreement. But he knew I didn’t want to look bad in front of the judge, who I would be making decisions in not just this case, but every large divorce I’d work in Galveston County in the future. There wouldn’t be any benefit to fighting Whitney’s motion.
I turned to Isla. “It’s not worth fighting. You gain nothing by fighting a continuance when he’s in the hospital. You’ll just look bad in the court’s eyes. Even if you get what you want today, if Mr. Frank isn’t happy, he can appeal the case and you’ll spend everything you got in this settlement fighting the appeal. This case has dragged out for over a year. You waited this long, you can wait a few more days.” I scribbled my cellphone number on the back of my business card and handed it to Whitney. “Next time, call my cell. Have you filed a motion to continue yet?”
“Not yet. I was waiting to conference with you.”
“What kind of bitches would we be if we opposed resetting the hearing when Mr. Frank’s life is at stake?”
Whitney smiled. It was always unsettling when he did that. Nothing that made him happy could be good. “Bitches standing to gain half a man’s fortune.”
Isla looked like she wanted to punch him. “I’m sure you overstated the danger William is in.”
“Even so,” I said, not even trying to defuse Isla’s anger. “The court won’t refuse his motion, and it will just make us look bad. He’s filing a joint motion to reset, but it won’t change our position or anything that happened in the past, including the agreement. And since the accident had nothing to do with you, he doesn’t have any grounds to void the settlement. This is really just a courtesy.” I turned to Whitney. “How long do you think Mr. Frank needs?”
Whitney shrugged. “He broke his leg pretty bad. He’s not going to be dancing any time soon.”
“Please,” she growled. “He’s going to court, not a barn dance.”
“Even so,” I said mildly. “Whitney, draft the motion for two weeks, and I’ll sign it. But when we get to court, don’t bother trying anything funny. We’re going to fight for an order on our agreement, and we’re going to win.” I swear I heard Isla snarl next to me.
He shook his head and held up two fingers in a salute. “Scout’s honor.”
I rolled my eyes. The whole thing didn’t matter. Whitney and I both knew his client couldn’t get out of the agreement and nothing would change at the reset. It was just a waste of time that probably irked Whitney as much as it irked me. Well, maybe not as much. The obnoxious smirk on his face reminded me how much he liked annoying opposing counsel.
He held out a yellow legal pad—how stereotypical—with his motion already scribbled on it. “Here you go.”
I read it quickly and added my signature to the bottom. “Isla, I’ll call you when we get a reset.”
She nodded on her way out of the courthouse. “Yeah, see you all in two weeks.”
Whitney watched her as she left. “Well, that went well. Is she always that pleasant?”
“What can I say, Whitney? You bring out the best in her.” I noticed he was staring with his eyes kind of glazed over. “Damn it, Whitney, are you checking out the opposing party’s ass?”
“I can’t help it! My imagination kind of went wild there. You saw what she’s wearing. That short, tight skirt. That low top. She was trying to get someone’s attention.” He shook himself. “But she’s a man eater, that one.”
“I don’t even know what the fuck that means.”
“I mean my client is her third husband.”
“So?”
“Her third wealthy husband. She gets them to fall in love then drains them dry. Good business for you?”
I frowned. I hated to admit it, but Whitney was right. Isla was good business. Family law was good business—it gives me two people who hate each other and whose only joy comes from making the other one miserable and pay through the nose. It was both why I hated family law and why I practiced. I tried to distance myself from my clients’ bitterness, but I suspected it was one of the reasons why I feared marriage for myself. “Yeah. You?”
“Yeah. Let me know when she destroys the next guy. He’ll need a lawyer too.” He winked as he went into the courtroom to file the motion.
Interlude

Joseph headed towards the cafeteria passing rows of lockers and the little door that led to the auditorium’s lighting box. Students pushed on all sides of him, talking about the upcoming football game, their weekend plans, or a tough homework assignment just handed out in Chemistry. Through the chaos, Joseph’s eyes locked on Zach’s down the hall, and he instinctively reached for his ring, spinning it around his finger to make sure it was still there. The burning feeling that he had worked hard to forget intensified. The ring was melting on his skin and leaving him with red welts and blisters. He’d gone through numerous rings already as he tried out different materials. The wrought iron had held up the best, but it had also burned the most as it disintegrated. Stainless steel was okay. It got the job done, but it burned away quickly and left a gummy residue. Still, it was cheap enough to replace. What he was wearing then wasn’t even a ring. Just a nut he had picked up at the hardware store. It wasn’t exactly stylish, but he wasn’t trying to make a fashion statement. At two dollars for a bag of five, he’d picked up four bags, though he prayed he wouldn’t need that many. He prayed he’d find a more permanent solution so he wouldn’t have to keep wearing hardware on his hands.
His mother had gasped when she saw the burns. “What happened to your hands, habibi?”
He thrust his hands into his pockets to hide them. “Nothing. Just blisters from riding my bike.”
She didn’t look convinced but had let the matter drop.
He had tried wearing the nut on a cord around his neck, but he hadn’t noticed when it disintegrated so much it fell off, leaving him vulnerable again. On his hands was better. Well, the burns were worse, but at least when they burned, he knew they were there.
“The cops call you?” Zach asked. He tried to look casual. He leaned a shoulder against the lockers and crossed his legs at the feet, but his eyes darted around the hall nervously.
Joseph ducked his head so Zach wouldn’t see his smile. I hope you’re shitting your pants nightly, motherfucker, he thought to himself. “They left a message. Asked me to call them back.”
“Yeah, well, don’t.” With his backpack slung over one shoulder, Zach looked like he was trying to be the poster boy for playing it cool. He ran his hand through his spiky brown hair and nodded at one of his friends as he passed. Zach stole a glance behind him then leaned into Joseph and dropped his voice. “They aren’t going to find her, are they?”
Joseph shook his head. “She flew away. Just like you wanted.”
A wide grin split Zach’s face apart and put Joseph in mind of a predator. “That’s right. Remember,” he said, punching Joseph lightly in the chest, “don’t talk to the cops. Come to school every day and just pretend everything is normal. That’s an order.”
Chapter 3

When I arrived at my office that afternoon, there was a patch of brown paint on the corner of the building where the graffiti had been the day before. Gardeners were planting rosebushes around the walls, perhaps hoping the thorns would deter the graffiti artist in the future.
A young man with olive skin and black hair was waiting in my office. His long body was crammed into one of the waiting room chairs. He looked like he had been stretched out by a recent growth spurt and not had the time to fill out yet. He was hunched over as though trying to make himself appear as small as possible as he did what appeared to be his homework.
“Joseph Fahima?”
He looked up. He looked like his mother. He had the same almond shaped eyes and dainty chin. But his complexion was darker. More like his father’s. His hair was slightly curled and fell to his eyes. I could imagine his mother hovering over him with a pair of scissors, asking how he could see with his hair always in his face.
“I’m Madeline. Let’s head back to my office. Can I get you a Coke or something?”
He nodded, gathered his things, and followed me down the small hall. In my office, he sat down in front on my desk and leaned forward to me. “So, about the phone call.”
“Relax for a minute,” I said, handing him the Coke that I’d grabbed from the breakroom. “So I know this is strange—I already met your parents—but I wanted to go over a few things with you. I know going to a lawyer was your idea, but let’s talk about what that entails.”
“All right,” he said nervously.
“Relax,” I said again. “Talk about school first, or anything else. This is just a conversation between two people, okay? You can tell me anything, and it won’t go back to your parents, your school, or the police. So, tell me about yourself.”
Joseph sighed. “Okay, so I’m a senior at Delesandri High.”
“What’s your favorite subject?”
“Physics.”
I wrinkled my nose. “Physics was too tough for me. My eyes would kind of glaze over when my teacher started talking. I think the only thing I remember from that class is that and object in motion will remain in motion.”
He nodded. “Right. Newton’s first law.”
“I barely passed. I had to be tutored almost every day by some of the other students.”
“I do that sometimes.”
“You must be pretty smart. You get good grades?”
He shrugged. “I guess so.”
“Are you headed off to college next year?” When he nodded, I asked if he knew where.
“I want to go to Vanderbilt, but my mom thinks it’s too far away. She wants me to stay nearby and go to Rice.”
“Moms are like that. She’s obviously worried if she sent you to a lawyer to make a phone call. And just to be clear, that’s the scope of our relationship. Your parents just hired me to help you with this call. That doesn’t mean if something else comes up, I won’t represent you, but we’ll need to have that conversation later. Right now we’re just focused on what you’re going to say to the police, does that make sense?”
Joseph nodded.
“So, you’re worried about talking to the cops about Hazel Coronus?” I asked, finally getting to the point.
He looked down at the can of soda in his hands, flexing the fingers of his free hand. I noticed he wore a funny ring—an angular, thick band. Like something I’d be more likely to find in a hardware store than a jewelry store. “Yeah, well, like you said, my mom’s worried about it.” His hand was red around the knuckles like he had just been in a fight, and he rubbed them as he spoke.
“And you’re not?”
He shrugged but still didn’t look up. “I don’t know. I guess I just don’t want to think about it.” He spun his ring around his finger. “Don’t you want to know if I had anything to do with it?”
I shook my head. “We’re just talking about a phone call, so for now, no. Telling me that won’t change my advice to you at this time.”
“Okay.” He relaxed a little but stared at me like I just told him I ate babies.
“Think of it this way,” I said, leaning in on my desk. “Let’s pretend you did do it. You tell me. The police conduct their investigation and all signs point to you. You hire me again to defend you. Only I can’t lie to the court, and I can’t let you lie to the court. I can’t get up there in front of a jury say you’re innocent if you already told me you’re not.”
He nodded and gave me a shy smile. “So don’t tell you where I buried the body. Got it.”
“I didn’t hear that!”
Despite our joking, the exchange made me a little sad. It served to remind me that no one likes lawyers. Even Joseph, my client, seemed to be judging me for my willingness to help him cover up the crime. Not a lot of people who haven’t committed a horrible crime really appreciate that sort of “I’m there for you no matter what you do” relationship. Maybe that judgment from Joseph meant he had nothing to do with Hazel’s disappearance.
“What do you think they might ask?” he asked me.
“They’ll want to know where you were when she went missing. She went missing on Friday after school, right? Do you remember where you were?”
He nodded. “I was home in my room.”
“What were you doing?”
He shrugged. “Probably my homework. Reading. Goofing around.”
“Was anyone with you?”
“My mom was home, but not with me.”
Moms don’t exactly make the best alibi witnesses. It’s their job to protect their kids, and juries sometimes think that job includes lying on the witness stand. “Did you make any phone calls or write any emails?”
“I think I chatted with a few friends online about our homework.”
I brightened. “That sounds helpful. The chat logs might show what time you were where.” Juries loved technology. I made a note to myself to research more into that sort of evidence and how to prove what device sent the message and from where. Cell phone pings, ISP addresses, and other things I barely understood. “Do you have a cellphone?”
“Yes.”
“Did you make any calls with it or use it to chat with your friends?”
“No, I used my computer. I printed out the chat logs.” He reached into his bag and pulled out a stack of paper.
“Thanks.” I stuck the papers under my notepad and marveled at how much forethought this family had, which strengthened my suspicions that he had killed her and that this meeting wasn’t just about a phone call. “The cops will probably ask you about Hazel and your relationship with her. How do you know her?”
“I go to school with her.”
“Are you friends with her?”
“Not really,” he said, playing with his ring as he stared at it. “She’s dating Zach. Or well, she was dating Zach.”
Did he mean they were no longer dating or that she was no longer living? “Did they break up?”
He nodded. “Well, she did.”
“Gotcha,” I said and made a note. It would be good if we tried to pin it on Zach. “When did that happen?”
He shrugged. “A couple of weeks ago, maybe.”
“She tried to break up with him, but...”
He scrunched up his face as he tried to think of a polite way to word it. No one wants to accuse a friend of stalking. “He didn’t want to break up. So he would call her, show up at her house, bother her friends. That sort of thing.”
“And you’re friends with Zach?”
He looked at his hands. “Sort of.”
“What’s that mean? Look, Joseph, don’t tell the police something unless you know it’s true. The police will go through your transcripts and afterschool activities. If they see you guys did things in common and you weren’t upfront about it, they’ll wonder why you would lie about it unless you had something to hide? And if you lied about that, what else did you lie about?”
“I didn’t lie. We don’t have a class together or any common activities.”
“Well, your parents said you hang out with him a lot.”
“Maybe frenemies is a better term.”
I gave him a caustic smile. “Your parents did say that he is a bully. Do you want to talk about that?”
“No.”
“Fine. What do you think of Hazel?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. I haven’t really thought much about her. She’s okay, I guess.”
“You’re not harboring a secret love for her or anything?”
“No,” he said as he laughed a bit. Most high schoolers I’d had in my office were more dark and moody. Then again, they’d usually also been charged with something before they came in. I had no idea what they’d be like in ordinary situations. Not that Joseph’s situation was exactly ordinary either. Even if he hadn’t killed her, I could tell he was hiding something by his fidgeting and looking away. I couldn’t guess as to what it would be if not that.
“So you hang out with Zach a lot, and Hazel’s his girlfriend. Or was his girlfriend. You must have hung out with her too then? When was the last time you saw her?”
He thought for a minute. “Maybe last Wednesday in school? Two days before she went missing, I guess.”
“The day Hazel went missing, did you chat with Zach online?”
He gestured to the papers he had given me. “I don’t think so, but check the logs. He had a big football game, but we may have chatted before or after.”
“Why did you save those conversations, Joseph?” It seemed like something the cops would latch on to. Like he was doing it to try to preserve his alibi.
Joseph shrugged again. “I just never shut down my computer. Then the cops called, and I thought ‘oh, fuck.’ I knew they were calling about Hazel. Zach told me she was gone and that the cops would blame him. I figured maybe they would help me, so I saved them.”
I noted his desire for self-preservation. He hadn’t assumed the cops had just called for information. He assumed they were after him and he needed something to prove he was where he said he was. “What did Zach tell you?”
“That the cops called him about Hazel. He called me Saturday night.”
“Hadn’t they already tried you by the time you talked to him?”
He shook his head. “It was Shabbat Friday night and Saturday,” he explained. “We didn’t turn on the TV or use the phone. No electricity. So I didn’t know.”
I cocked an eyebrow and waved his chat logs at him. “If you didn’t use electricity, how’d you manage to chat with your friends?”
He looked down at his hands sheepishly. “Yeah, I’m not a good Jew. Don’t tell my mom, okay?”
I smiled. “Your secret’s safe with me. At least, it is until we go to trial. Did you go to the game?”
He shook his head. “I’m not into football.”
“Me neither. But that’s like blasphemy in high school in Texas, right?”
Joseph laughed weakly.
“And speaking of blasphemy, other than chat with friends when you weren’t supposed to, what else did you do Friday night?”
“I went to synagogue with my parents, then oneg with some people from the congregation.”
“What’s oneg?”
He gestured with empty hands in an apology for his inability to explain Jewish rituals to gentiles. “Like a lame family party.”
“For the sake of completeness, you can provide me a list of people who saw you at synagogue and oneg?”
He nodded. “You wanna talk to my rabbi too?”
I shook my head. “Not now.” I flicked the chat logs again. “And these were from when you were home?”
He nodded.
“All right. Well, I guess now we just wait. The cops have set up a tip line. Have they tried to call your house again?”
He nodded and shot a nervous glance to my desk phone. “Shouldn’t we call them now?” He reached into his pocket. “I’ve got the officer’s number.”
“No. Never talk to the cops. If you learn nothing else from me, learn that.”
He gave a short, nervous laugh. “But my parents hired you to be with me when I talk to the cops.”
“No,” I said gently. “Your parents hired me for advice, and my advice is this—don’t talk to the cops. Guilty or not guilty, it doesn’t matter. They’ll twist your words to make you a liar, charge you with lying to an officer, then generously offer to throw out that charge to get you to talk some more. Just don’t go down that road.”
He continued to play with the ring on his finger. It was like a nervous tic. “I’m not worried about that. I think my parents want...”
I waved my hand. I wasn’t concerned with what his parents wanted. “Do you want to talk to them, Joseph?”
He shook his head.
“Then that settles it.”
“What do I say when they call again?”
“What you just told me—that you don’t want to talk to them. Let me hear you say it. ‘I don’t want to talk to you.’” He repeated my words flatly. “With conviction!” Oops, bad choice of words. He smiled and said it again. I smiled too. “Better. Go home. Practice it. And let me know when they arrest you,” I said with a wink.
He didn’t look amused. “Do you think Zach did it?” he asked me. 
I thought about the question for a moment. I had a hard time reading Joseph and was pretty convinced he was hiding something. I didn’t know if he killed Hazel himself, had nothing to do with her, or something in between. Maybe he just wanted to know if he had fooled me. “I don’t know. I’m not investigating the case. But it wouldn’t surprise me.”
“Even though he was at a football game at the time?”
“Can the cops narrow it down to an exact time?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. Can they?”
I shrugged back at him. “Maybe. Maybe it’s not a coincidence that it happened when he was at the game. Like you said, lots of times the boyfriend or ex-boyfriend is involved in disappearances or murders.”
“Involved.” He said the word slowly as though tasting it. “So even if a boyfriend didn’t pull the trigger, so to speak, he’s usually pulling the strings.”
I knew what he was getting at—even if Zach had a motive, that didn’t mean the cops wouldn’t look for accomplices. Especially considering Zach’s alibi.
“I’m no detective,” I told Joseph. “I don’t know how the investigation is going to go. Who knows? If your alibi rabbi checks out along with the chat logs, maybe you’ll be in the clear.”
Joseph gave me a cynical half-smile. “I guess we’ll see.”

I heard Hazel’s name mentioned on the news again that evening as I was making dinner. My head popped up from slicing tomatoes, and I rushed into the living room the see the rest of the report. A chipper blonde reporter on a local station told us that police had no new leads, but she smiled as half the screen went to her colleague at the school interviewing football players, cheerleaders, and other students who were unlucky enough to be around when the reporters descended on their school. I had no doubt that the next day before school, the parking lot would be crawling with reporters.
“Shit,” I muttered and thought of Joseph. “Shit,” I said again as tomato juice dripped from my knife onto the carpet. I rushed back into the kitchen, tripping over Meena on the way. 
Joseph’s name wasn’t mentioned in the news report, so I figured that meant Joseph was right and the police weren’t suspecting him. They still wouldn’t ease up on wanting to talk to all of the boyfriend’s friends though, and when they would learn about the weird, quiet one who didn’t seem to fit in, they’d be especially eager to talk to him. And now that the story had gained the media’s attention, Joseph would have to deal with reporters wanting to talk to him too.
“Zachary Wilks, the missing girl’s purported boyfriend and cornerback for the school football team, was playing at the game against a rival high school from Katy during the time police say she disappeared, but he remains a person of interest,” the reporter on the scene said.
It seemed like a pretty iron-clad alibi—the coach and hundreds of other kids and cheering fans could vouch for his presence. But I knew what I knew. I remembered what Joseph had said about pulling the strings. I just hoped if my client went down, he could pull Zach down with him.
I reminded myself that there was still no indication of foul play. Even the news admitted that. Hazel could have just run away, which is probably why she was still only on local stations. Runaways are boring.
Chapter 4

My cellphone blared in the middle of the night. It took me a few seconds to realize what it was and whether it was in my dream or something in real life trying to wake me up. “Hello?” The sound rasped out of my throat. I didn’t even recognize it as my own voice.
“Maddy. Did I wake you?”
I did recognize the voice on the other line but couldn’t for the life of me figure out why he would call. I had a dim recollection of giving him my number the other day in court, but I didn’t expect him to call at this hour of the night. I looked at my alarm clock. Or morning, as it were.
“Whitney?! It’s two in the morning! What the fuck do you think?”
“I don’t know. Maybe I thought you’d be out at bars and having a life.”
“What do you want, Whitney?”
“I need someone to come pick me up.”
“Call a cab.”
“I’m out in The Woodlands. Do you have any idea how much it would cost to take me back to Galveston? Besides, I think my wallet was stolen.”
I failed to see how that was my problem. “So you called someone you hate to come get you?”
“I don’t hate you, Maddy. Besides, well, I’m at Isla’s.”
“Isla’s?” I was so tired, I couldn’t place the name.
“You know, Isla Moon. Your client.”
I still couldn’t make sense of what he was telling me, and my first thought was that he had committed a grave ethical violation. “Why are you talking to my client without her attorney present?” I hissed.
“Relax. We didn’t talk about the case. And I didn’t think you were in to threesomes.”
I scratched my head and yawned, not understanding what he was saying and not caring. “Give me the address, and I’ll come get you.” He named an intersection near the nature preserve. “I’ll see you in about an hour.” I hung up the phone and tossed off the covers, disturbing Meena at my feet. She meowed and started at me in disbelief that I was really about to leave the comfort of my bed to pick up a guy I hated at some random intersection in The Fucking Woodlands.
I got dressed as quickly as I could and put some water in the microwave to make myself some hot chocolate, hoping that it would be just enough sugar to keep me awake for the ride to The Woodlands but not enough caffeine to keep me up all night. I put half in a thermos for me and decided to be generous and put the other half in a second thermos for Whitney. I don’t know what he did to deserve a thermos of hot chocolate from me, let alone a ride in the middle of the night. I grabbed a slice of leftover pizza from the fridge for the road and headed out.
The Woodlands was a town about a half hour north of Houston. It was one of South East Texas’s more hoity toity areas. Yes, we have them. South East Texas is a microcosm of the world. We have rednecks in Bacliff and San Leon and poverty in Galveston. And then we have some of the Bush family, just one ex-president, in River Oaks and assorted upper class snobbery in The Woodlands.
Almost an hour later, I found Whitney wandering the streets of a quiet neighborhood not far from where he said he’d be. His clothes were disheveled as though he had put them on in a hurry. His eyes were red, and he smelled of alcohol. I was surprised the police hadn’t come to pick him up before I got there, especially in a place like this where it looked like you could get pulled over for having rust on your car.
He wouldn’t look at me as he came into my car. He muttered a thanks and stared straight ahead. He ran his hand over the back of his neck uncomfortably and rocked back and forth.
I handed him the thermos of hot chocolate. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“No. Thanks for the cocoa.”
I just nodded. We sat wordlessly for a few minutes while the robotic voice of the GPS directed me back to the highway.
“What’s the fuck is she doing up in The Woodlands anyway?” I asked when I couldn’t handle the silence anymore. “She didn’t tell me she moved.”
Whitney shrugged. “Probably looking for a new husband.”
I gasped. “I hope not! I’d hate to have to come all the way up here to do her divorce. I hate Montgomery County!”
He laughed a long, hearty laugh that cut the tension that had been growing in the car.
“I’m not taking you back to Galveston,” I said with a note of finality, as though we had been discussing it. “I’m too fucking tired to drive you down there then drive back to my place. You can sleep on my sofa.”
“Take me to my car. It’s on the way.”
“No, you’re drunk.”
He nodded. “Probably.”
“Where’s your wallet anyway? You said it was stolen.”
“It might be at Isla’s.”
“Fuck, Whitney. What the fuck were you doing?”
“I didn’t plan this, okay? I know what I said to you in court the other day, but this kind of just happened.”
“I don’t care who you sleep with, Whitney. I don’t even know if there’s a professional rule prohibiting you from sleeping with the opposing party. As long as you didn’t talk about the case.”
“It didn’t come up.”
I knew it was childish, but I took the opening. I took my eyes off the road for a second to look pointedly down at his crotch. “Is that why you had to get out of there so suddenly?”
“Ha fucking ha, Maddy! I ran into her in a bar downtown. One thing led to another, I let her take me to her place.” His hand touched his throat. “I’m bleeding.” He sounded as startled as I was by the revelation.
I glanced over at him again. There were spots of red on his fingertips. I reached across him to the glove compartment and pulled out a few napkins.
“She tried to cut me.” His voice was devoid of emotion.
I frowned, unable to understand him. I knew Isla. At least, I thought I did. I’d helped Isla through three divorces. Isla had been my client for nearly as long as I’d been in practice. Whitney had called her a man eater, but I didn’t think he meant it literally. Of all the complaints I’d heard her exes make about her, they never said she’d been violent. I pulled over to the service road.
“You mean, like to be kinky?” I asked.
Whitney shook his head. His face was white and, in the glow of the neon lights of the fast food chains that lined the interstate, he looked terrified. “Why have you stopped?”
I studied him critically while trying also to be caring and tender. He was pale and had a sheen of sweat on his face. His eyes were glassy. It could have just been from the alcohol. “What happened, Whitney?”
He just shook his head again.
I reached out to him and gently pulled the napkin from his neck. I wondered how clean my glove compartment was—that napkin had probably been used to wipe fast food grease off my face—and worried about infection. The wound had mostly stopped bleeding in the hour he spent waiting for me, but it still didn’t look good.
“Whitney?” I tried to sound as gentle as I could. “That’s no love bite.” I put my hand on his shoulder, hoping he wouldn’t recoil from the touch. “You can tell me. What happened?” I asked again.
He sat tight lipped. I let the silence fall between us and kept my hand on his shoulder, trying to convince him I wasn’t going anywhere.
“You wouldn’t believe me,” he said finally.
“Try me.” Less than an hour ago I was cursing him for pulling me out of bed in the middle of the night, but now I was tending to his wounds and trying to get him to confide in me. I must have a soft spot in my heart for helpless bleeding people. That was the only way I could make sense of the night.
He cleared his throat. “We were having sex. As you figured out, I’m sure. And her nails, they just got really sharp.” His sounded unsure of himself or like he was trying to remember the details of a half-forgotten nightmare. “When she ran her fingers down my back, it was good at first. Then it stung. I asked her to stop, and she just laughed at me.”
I looked again at his neck. It was red like it had been laid open. It was a wonder he hadn’t already bled to death. I shuddered as I pictured wounds like that down Whitney’s back.
“Her fingers were like claws, and she had my blood on them. She licked her hands and laughed some more. Her eyes were red. Like a demon’s.” The words rushed out as though now that he had started telling his story, he couldn’t stop.
“Whitney, you’re drunk.” I said it as delicately as I could.
“You think I imagined it?” He was torn between angry and hopeful as though he wished it were true.
“Whitney, I...” Not sure where I was going with it, I trailed off and bit my lip.
He pointed to his neck. “I didn’t imagine this. I didn’t imagine it when she went for my throat. I threw her off me. I don’t know how. I grabbed my clothes and got out of there. That’s when I called you.”
I nodded and started my car again. “There’s a 24 hour pharmacy up ahead. Let’s get you cleaned up.”

The Walgreen’s parking lot was nearly empty at this hour. The store’s glowing sign buzzed over the parking lot, illuminating a couple of other lonely looking cars. Inside, pop music played brightly. It was in sharp contrast to the tired cashier, who we must have woken up as we entered. When she jerked herself upright, I noticed a crust of dried drool running down her chin.
Whitney made a beeline for the first aid section, and I trailed after. He shook his head when I picked up a pack of premedicated Band-Aids.
“I don’t think that’s going to cut it. It hurts like...” Unable to think of something comparable, he trailed off. He just reached for hydrogen peroxide, Neosporin, bandages, medical tape, cotton balls, and aspirin. He grabbed a bottle of rubbing alcohol and threw it in his basket.
“That’ll sting,” I warned.
“I don’t care. Anything she may have...infected me with, I want it dead.”
“Okay,” I said warily. I was more worried about Whitney’s sanity than about his cuts.
I wondered what the cashier thought as she rang us up—a paranoid drunk with his designated driver buying a bug-out bag’s worth of medical supplies in the middle of the night. I saw that small jars of garlic and sea salt seasoning were on sale by the cash register—two for $5.99—and threw a couple in Whitney’s basket. He looked at me puzzled.
“Just in case,” I said cryptically. “You know. In case she’s a vampire,” I added in a loud whisper.
“Good thinking,” he said with a curt nod.
The cashier looked on with a bemused smile.

Back in the car Whitney took off his shirt and jacket. I gasped. He had several long cuts up and down his back. They didn’t look deep, but they were red and puffy around the edges. At least the bleeding had stopped. He winced as I cleaned them. The worst were the ones on his neck. We took pictures of all his wounds on both our cellphones.
“How do they look? It’s hard to tell on the phone.”
“Well, it doesn’t look like you were playing with a basket of kittens. I think you might need to go see a doctor.”
He shook his head. “I heal fast.” He sighed. He threw himself back in the seat and winced from the impact. “Jesus, it stings!” He shook three Tylenol into his hand and swallowed them dry.
On the way back to my house, Whitney was quiet, but my mind was racing. What would happen next? I was afraid to ask, but I needed to know his plan. “Are you going to go to the police?” Isla was still my client, and though this was certainly uncharted territory, I felt as though there were ethical implications for all of this and I had to be careful.
He looked at me accusingly. “Is that all you care about? Your client?”
“No! Whitney! I just... well, if she stole your wallet.”
He scoffed. “I’ll just report my credit cards stolen and move on with my life. There wasn’t much cash in there anyway.”
“Okay, well, what else?”
“What else is there?”
“Are you going to confront her about this?”
He shrugged and winced again as the motion hurt the cuts on his back. “What, you think she’ll apologize? You think she’ll say ‘I’m sorry I turned into a monster and tried to kill you?’ I’d rather just pretend the whole thing didn’t happen. We can’t be done with that divorce soon enough.”
I nodded, and we continued the ride to my house in silence. When we finally arrived, Whitney put his hand on my arm. “Thanks, Maddy.” He looked at me with half a smile. His green eyes were bloodshot from fear or alcohol or both. “Really, thank you. I don’t want to be alone tonight.”
Chapter 5

The smell of bacon frying wafted into my bedroom and woke me up and made my stomach rumble. Briefly, I wondered who was in my kitchen cooking until I remembered Whitney and the events of the previous night. I groaned in chorus with my stomach, shoved my feet into slippers, and shuffled into the kitchen where Whitney stood over the stove in my frilly apron over last night’s clothes. Meena was circling his feet, begging for a taste of whatever he was making. I slid into the kitchen and poured myself some fresh coffee.
“Morning,” he said. He nodded to the breakfast spread he was preparing. “I hope you don’t mind that I went through your fridge.”
“Why would I object to someone making me breakfast?”
He smiled, but I noticed his hands shake as he placed two plates of bacon and eggs on the table. A bowl of cut up pineapple sat at the center of the table. I couldn’t remember the last time I had bought a pineapple. God only knew how long it had been in my fridge before Whitney found it.
“I like cooking,” he said as he sat and placed a napkin on his lap. “It relaxes me. I hope you’re hungry.”
I watched him through narrowed eyes. “When did you get so nice?” Despite my misgivings, I sat down at the table and spooned some pineapple on the plate he set out for me.
“Come on, Maddy. You know what we do in court, it’s all an act. Our clients want to see us be hard asses. They want to see me belittle you when you write ‘martial’ instead of ‘marital’ and throw a fit over every piece of a dining room set. I know we haven’t been friendly before, but that’s because we were always on opposing sides. You know if I didn’t act the way I did, you’d walk all over me.”
I sipped my coffee and said nothing. I didn’t want to admit that he might have had a point. We ate in silence for a few minutes as the events from the night before ran through my head. “How’d you sleep?” I asked finally.
He shook his head. “Not great. I couldn’t get what happened out of my mind. Every time I closed my eyes, I’d see...” he stopped and shook himself.
“What did happen, Whitney?” I asked. I hoped he would tell a less fanciful story now that he was sober.
“I told you, Maddy. She tried to kill me during sex. She’s like a fucking praying mantis.”
“What were you doing out on the prowl on a weeknight anyway? And with an opposing client?”
He shrugged and took a sip of his coffee. Part of me wished I could be that cavalier about ethics violations and potentially my license to practice law. 
“Well, what do you want to do?”
“I was hoping that you’d drive me back up to Houston to get my car.”
I groaned and slumped down, hanging my head over my plate of food. I was too tired to be adult and mature. “Can’t you take the bus?”
“Do you even get buses out here in the boonies? Where are we anyway? Where the fuck do you live, Maddy?”
“Fine, I’ll take you back into Houston. But I meant, what do you want to do about Isla?”
“I just want to get home first.” He ran a hand through his disheveled hair. “I’m hoping when I get home and back to normalcy, things will look different.”
I nodded. It made sense. It was the only thing that did. Maybe after some time and in a different light, we would understand what happened and figure out what to do next.
We finished breakfast in silence. I cleaned up while he had a quick shower, and an unfamiliar feeling came over me. It was nice waking up to a warm breakfast and someone to talk to. It was just odd that Whitney of all people was the one to give me that warm and fuzzy feeling. I worried that I was going soft. I got ready for work, half wishing that I’d see him at dinner to talk about how our days went. I dropped him off at a seedy night club’s parking lot and hurried off to work, walking into my office only an hour after my usual time.
“Where were you?” Gabby asked and rattled off a list of calls I had missed.
I shook my head. It was too much for me to process that I didn’t know how to explain. The attack—someone had sliced Whitney open the night before, even if I didn’t believe his version of the events—and suddenly being civil, even warm and caring, to Whitney. She probably wouldn’t believe the gruesome part of the story and just latch on to the part about Whitney spending the night. I didn’t want to listen to the insinuations that would follow.
“I slept through my alarm.” I said finally, hoping it sounded believable.
Her eyes narrowed in suspicion, and her lips formed an unamused smirk. “That’s the sort of lame excuse that made me quit teaching.” I could imagine her former students shriveling under the look she gave me.
“You’re not the boss of me, Gabby.” I stuck out my tongue but slunk down the hall to my office.
I tried to throw myself into my work but was too distracted by my thoughts. I worried about Whitney’s sanity and whether or not I’d end up having to bail Isla out of jail if he turned her in for what she did. Or allegedly did. I figured I’d know what his intent was regarding her soon enough. He’d either tell me—he had no one else to talk to about it—or Isla would call and ask me to fight the charges. But it still didn’t stop me from obsessing over it as I tried to draft motions for other clients. I kept closing my eyes and seeing his neck or his back or the horrible image that he had described of Isla morphing into some monster from a nightmare.

Luckily, I didn’t have to obsess over things for too long. Whitney called me on Saturday afternoon. “I wanted to say thank you for coming to get me the other night.”
“No problem.” I tried to sound nonchalant and thought hard of a way to change the subject. It was too bizarre for me to want to talk about—fairytales of demons, ethical violations, and someone I hated sleeping on my sofa bed and being nice to me—but there was nothing else we had in common. I faltered, at a loss for words.
“Let’s have lunch,” he suggested with a strange enthusiasm. “My way of saying thanks.”
I grimaced into the phone. I would have rather he just forget the whole thing. “Today? You really don’t have to. Breakfast was...”
“Monday. I’ll be in court in the morning, so I’ll swing by your office after. It doesn’t have to be awkward,” he insisted. “We can talk about the case, if you want.”
I groaned. “What are Mr. Frank’s new demands?”
“We’ll discuss it over lunch, okay?”
I wished he could see the look of disgust I was making into the phone. Was this whole thing a ploy to shake me up to acquiesce to his client’s new requests? Did he want the timeshare on South Padre Island now? “Monday I already have lunch plans, but how about Tuesday?”
“Fine.”
“Great. I’ll be by your place at around noon on Tuesday.”
“What, are you going to pick me up? Is this like a date or something? Do you want to meet my parents too?”
“No, Maddy. I told you, cooking relaxes me. I’ve been cooking a lot since this whole thing happened, so I thought I’d bring you something.”
He sounded sincere. Or as sincere as one could be during a mental breakdown. “Oh,” I breathed into the phone. It was a poor apology for my sarcasm. “Right. See you then.” I hung up and shook my head to clear it. I didn’t want to think about work on the weekend. Especially not about anything to do with him. I reminded myself what an asshole he was and resumed my Netflix binge with Meena on my lap.

When lunchtime that Monday rolled around, I couldn’t help but picture Whitney stress eating while he tried to forget what he had told me about Isla. I tried not to feel guilty about leaving him alone.
I hadn’t just been blowing Whitney off. Every Monday before lunch I played tennis with a friend. Yes, at midday under the sweltering Texas sun. It was one of my escapes from the stress of being responsible for other people’s money or freedom or, even worse, fighting for the rights of a serial abuser to see his kids, all the while trying not to let my mistakes eat away at me. In ten years of practice, I had made a lot of mistakes. A professor in law school had told us that it was called the practice of law for a reason. If I didn’t have a way to blow off steam, I’d have let my mistakes get the better of me long ago.
Holly, my weekly tennis partner, was a friend from college. I found it was best to relax with non-lawyers who didn’t feel the need to try to one-up me with their problems. Holly, as a graphic designer and single mom, was about as far from a lawyer as I could want.
For our Monday tennis game, Holly was dressed impeccably, as always, in a navy blue and orange halter top with a matching skirt. Her pale hair was pulled back into a neat pony tail under a white visor. Sometimes I wondered how she could stand to be seen next to me. Today was one of those times. I wore an old pair of running shorts and an A&M t-shirt with a hole in it. My own unruly russet hair was sticking out from under an Astros cap.
“What’s bothering you?” Holly asked after I’d lost my fourth game in a row.
“Nothing,” I said.
“Work stuff?”
I gave her fake smile. What else would I have to be bothered by? “Opposing counsel went off the deep end.” As soon as I said it, I felt guilty. It felt like gossip. It surprised me that I felt bad for Whitney and wanted to protect his privacy.
Of course, Holly picked up on my reluctance to talk about it and thought it was because I was keeping a juicy secret. She wasn’t wrong. “Sounds intriguing! Tell me!”
I grimaced and swatted the ball over to her. “Later,” I said and resolved to focus on the next game, which I also lost.
Holly pouted. “It’s no fun beating you when your heart’s not in it. Since you didn’t play well, you have to tell me what’s going on over lunch.” She packed up her racket and left the court.
“Fine,” I said and followed Holly to the club’s cafeteria. We had about an hour before Holly had to leave to pick up her kids.
The lunch crowd was already thinning out by the time we arrived at the cafeteria. Holly grabbed a table near the back where she could watch the rock climbers while we ate. For as long as I could, I held off giving Holly any more details about Whitney’s breakdown, commenting on the weather, the sad state of the lettuce in my salad, and a cute climber who was halfway up the rock wall. Finally, she had enough of my small talk and told me to spill.
“Basically, a colleague of mine called me in the middle of the night to pick him up after a drunken hook up. He crashed at my place after, and the whole thing is weird.” Telling her felt wrong, and I realized I was worried about Whitney.
She narrowed her eyes suspiciously. “Was this a booty call?”
“No! He slept on my sofa.”
She shrugged her shoulders. “Okay, so what was so weird about it?”
“Well, it’s not like we are friends or anything.”
“Then why’d he call you?”
“It was my client that he hooked up with.”
She quirked her lips. “That doesn’t sound so scandalous.”
I frowned. “Well, he’s the opposing counsel.”
“Damn, Maddy,” she said, bringing a napkin to her mouth to stop herself from doing a spit take. “I know I don’t know a lot about your job and ethics, but that sounds hella wrong.”
“Strangely, it’s not,” I said, questioning my own professionalism as I said it. “I mean, sure, it’s a bad idea, but I think he and his client are both interested in screwing her so,” I threw up one hand in a gesture of helpless confusion as I took a fork full of salad with the other. “It’s actually probably worse that I told you about it, seeing as how I guess who my client sleeps with is part of her confidential information or whatever.”
Holly’s lips quirked in a bemused smile. “You’re secret’s safe with me. But you don’t think you have to report him for dishonesty or bad character or anything?”
I considered her question for a moment before answering. “No.” My voice waivered with uncertainty. “I mean, yeah, he spoke to someone he knew was represented by counsel without her lawyer, but I doubt they mentioned the case. And it’s possible that this...” I paused to find the right, mature word to describe their drunken hook up, “incident reflects upon his trustworthiness and loyalty to his client. However, at this point, I haven’t seen any evidence that he’s trying to take advantage of my client to get a better deal for his. Or that he has betrayed his client to get laid.”
Holly chewed her sandwich as she listened, still with a skeptical crease between her eyes.
“Anyway, we’re supposed to finalize the divorce next week, and there’s very little that can happen that can change that,” I continued. “I just don’t know what’s going through his head. This guy likes to rattle people. I’d almost believe he made it all up just to get under my skin.” I drifted off. I couldn’t tell her that no one would have injured themselves the way Whitney was injured. Given what I knew and wasn’t telling Holly, I was more worried about Whitney’s mental health than an ethical violation.
“But...?” Holly asked.
“No one’s creative enough to think of the things he told me,” I said finally.
“And I bet you really didn’t want to know that your client was into something like diaper bondage,” she said with a mischievous smile.
I laughed. I wished it had just been some kinky sex.
“So what are you going to do?”
“Have lunch with him tomorrow.”
“Really? That sounds nice of you. Though a rather anti-climatic end to your story.”
“He wants to say thanks and to talk about the case.”
Holly hummed. “Maybe it was all some mind game. People do fucked up things during divorce cases,” she said wisely. She would know. She went through a bitter divorce from her husband a few years back. When she had found out about her husband’s illegitimate kids, she put out a birth announcement for them in his hometown newspaper so his all his family would see. “Lawyers too, I guess. This was probably some way to get into your head so you would convince your client to give up a prized gravy boat or something.”
I pushed a tomato around on my plate. “Maybe.”
“He probably just wants to rattle you and the whole thing’s bullshit. And is that the best he could come up with? A drunken hook up? Come on.”
I shrugged. “I don’t know. He had the...um...marks to prove part of his story.”
She laughed. It was a light, tinkling laugh that, back in college, would turn the head of every guy at a party. “Well, then he sounds like fun.”
“Yeah, you want me to set you guys up? You have any diapers lying around from when your kids were younger that this guy could wear?”
“No,” she said, biting down on her lip to keep a straight face. “I just want you to not take it so seriously. So what? So he made a mistake? What’s that have to do with you?”
I frowned. Though I wanted to take Holly’s advice and take the whole thing lightly, I’d seen his wounds. There was no way he could have done that to himself or asked someone else to do that just to fuck with me.
Interlude

Joseph stood outside Hazel’s house and knocked softly on her door. He spun his ring around his raw finger as he waited for someone to come to the door. The spinning helped calm him and remind him that the ring was there. As long as he felt it burn, he knew he was safe.
A moment later, a woman opened the door.
“Mrs. Coronus?” he asked, though he needn’t have. Aside from the obvious age difference, she looked just like Hazel. They had the same dark hair and round blue eyes. And as to be expected, she looked much, much sadder. Her eyes were hollow and withdrawn.
“Yes?” Her voice was hoarse as though rusty from lack of use.
“My name is Joseph Fahima. I went to...” he stopped and corrected himself. “I go to school with Hazel. I just wanted to,” he hesitated as he looked for the right word. “Say how sorry I am.” He looked down at his feet. He felt like such a fraud.
Mrs. Coronus’s face broke into a strange smile, making her look less pleased and more like she was in pain. “Thank you, Joseph. It’s good to hear from friends of Hazel.”
Joseph nodded, unsure of what would happen now. “She’s a good person. I hope she’s found soon and is all right.”
“Do you know her well?”
“We were getting to know each other better when...” he drifted off. How could he say it to her mother?
She saved him from having to think of a difficult word. “Would you like to come in for some iced tea?”
Joseph nodded.
She led Joseph into the large eat-in kitchen. Dishes were piled high in the sink and spread like some sort of creeping plant over every part of the kitchen counter. The table was littered in papers—newspapers, letters, and sympathy cards—and photographs of Hazel. And above it all was the cloying smell of cut flowers that should have been thrown out days ago. Mrs. Coronus navigated through her kitchen and located two clean glasses. She swept the clutter aside and placed the glasses on the table. Her hands shook as she poured the iced tea.
“Let me,” Joseph said, placing his hands on hers.
“Thank you.” 
It was weak and too sweet. Like sugar water. Joseph never had a taste for sweet tea anyway, something that, since his parents hadn’t grown up drinking, his family never had around the house. Tea at home was made with mint and lemon verbena. He drank Mrs. Coronus’s tea to be polite and continued to smile at his hostess.
“You’ll forgive me, but I don’t think that Hazel ever mentioned you.”
Joseph shook his head. “No, we’re not that close. Just becoming friends, you see. We had a couple of classes together over the years.”
“Which ones?”
“Math. Sometimes she comes to my art class.”
Mrs. Coronus looked intrigued. “Are you an artist? My Hazel is, you know.”
“I know. She’s not in my class, but she’ll come in to work on her own things for college credit.” He felt his face grow warm and stared at the condensation coating his glass. “I’m sure you know that. But sometimes she helps out with my class. Helps us with technique or something.”
Mrs. Coronus smiled. “I remember she told me. She is working on her portfolio. She wants to go to NYU. I told her it was too far. That I’d miss her too much.” At that, her fragile smile cracked. “I’m sorry,” she said as she dabbed at her eyes.
Joseph nodded. He placed his hands on hers again, just trying to comfort her. He sat there for a few minutes while he let Mrs. Coronus cry and tried to build up enough nerve to ask her to see Hazel’s room. He hoped that was something a friend would ask.
“I’m sorry,” Mrs. Coronus said again. “You didn’t come here to see this.”
“I just came to say how sorry I am. And would it be possible,” Joseph spoke slowly, drawing his request out, “to see her room? To kind of be near her for a moment.” He cringed at his words. They sounded so plastic to him. He had admitted they weren’t close. What would he want with her room?
But Mrs. Coronus smiled again and patted Joseph’s hand on hers. “Of course, dear,” she said, as though she had been waiting for Joseph to ask.
She took Joseph up the stairs of the Coronuses’ colonial home and to the smallest bed room in the back. She sighed as she opened the door. “Hazel always is...” she began to try to explain the mess but trailed off. She began puttering around picking up loose items of clothing to wash and putting books back on the shelf. “Always busy with her art,” she said finally. “She doesn’t have time to clean her room.”
“Can I have a moment?”
Mrs. Coronus shook herself. “Oh, of course.” She slipped out of the room with some dirty clothes tucked under her arm.
Joseph closed the door behind her and pressed his ear up against it. He thought he heard Mrs. Coronus humming to herself as she walked down the stairs. Then he heard the sounds of water running and the banging of dishes and silverware. He turned back to Hazel’s room. He sat on her paisley duvet and tried to find her presence still lurking in her room. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered to the abandoned room.
Her room was exactly how he would have imagined a high school aged artist’s room to look. A batik sheet hung on one wall, and large pillows were thrown on the floor with a few books spread out around it. The set up reminded Joseph of a Bedouin tent. Monochrome ink sketches were taped up along the other three walls next to photographs of Houston and Galveston and far away places Joseph didn’t recognize. Some pictures of friends too. None of Zach, he noticed. There was an easel by the window with an unfinished picture. Joseph studied it. Repetitive shapes, harsh lines, and bleak colors—the view from her window in all its stark boredom.
He went to the window. It was open still, as though maybe Hazel’s parents were hoping she would sneak back in in the middle of the night. A single pale gray feather sat on the sill. Joseph picked it up and stuck it in his bag and spilled a hand full of bird seed in its place. He hoped Mrs. Coronus wouldn’t mind.
“Hazel,” he said. He was louder this time, as though calling her. “I don’t know if you’re here.”
He cleared his throat uneasily. He felt so stupid doing this. Nonetheless, he felt he had to try. “I just want you to know how sorry I am,” he said again. “I hope you understand. It was the only way. Zach...he...”
Joseph put his head in his hands and started to cry. He took a moment then looked up again to address Hazel’s room. “You know Zach was behind it. At least, I hope you do. I want to make it right. I wish I could fix this,” he pleaded to the room. “I wish wishing worked,” he said over a humorless laugh.
He hung his head down again and looked at the old rug that covered the hard wood floor: a cheaply made, fading Persian-style carpet. In some places, it has been worn almost bald. He wiped his eyes one last time and snapped his head up.
“I just wanted you to know, it wasn’t my fault. Zach was the one...the one who...” he shook his head. How could he explain? “Well, maybe you’ve figured it out already by now.”
When he returned down to Mrs. Coronus in the kitchen, his eyes were dry. “Thank you for the tea and letting me...” he trailed off and gestured to her room. Afraid that he would choke up again, he rushed out of the door.
Chapter 6

Whitney showed up at my office the next day precisely at noon with lunch in tow. He laid a red checkered tablecloth over the mess on my desk and handed me a plastic plate. He pulled a few Tupperware containers out of an insulated bag and laid them on the make-shift picnic table. “I hope you like barbecue.”
He opened up the containers to reveal a corn and tomato salad, fried okra and zucchini, freshly baked rolls, and a fruit salad in addition to a monster tub of meat.
“Damn, Whitney. Did you bring the whole cow?”
He smiled and laid two bottles of Shiner on the table. “It’s five o’clock somewhere,” he said.
“It’s always five o’clock in my office!” I said and tossed him a bottle opener I kept in my desk drawer.
I took a bite of the ribs and thought of backyard cookouts growing up. I didn’t really have an idyllic childhood. Sure, my family tried to do barbecue, but it was more my mom yelling at my dad for not being able to get the charcoal hot enough while the potato salad spoiled. Eventually, we would give up and just go to Whataburger. Occasionally, we’d stop at roadside barbecue joints, and they were invariably terrible. It made me wonder why so many Texans were proud of this food.
Whitney’s barbecue tasted nothing like any of that. It was so tender the meat practically melted in my mouth, and it was dripping with a barely sweet sauce.
“How’s your back?” I asked as I licked my fingers clean. I tried to keep my tone easy and casual.
His face turned dark, and he dropped his voice. “It stings like there was some venom in her claws.”
“Jesus, Whitney! Did you see a doctor?”
He shook his head. “Can you imagine trying to explain this to a doctor? They’d treat me like a psych patient.”
I bit my tongue to stop myself from suggesting that maybe that was exactly what he needed. “Do you want me to look at it?” I asked finally. I could think of a thousand things I’d rather do—including going to the dentist and retaking the bar exam—than have Whitney strip in my office, but I felt like I should ask. After all, he had brought me lunch. It was the least I could do for him.
“Would you?” he asked as though the thought of having to rely on me was equally appealing to him.
“Yeah,” I said and wiped my fingers on a paper towel. “But let’s wait until after lunch. I don’t want to get Isla venom on these ribs.”
He grunted. He took a swig of his beer and studied the bottle. “I think I reached the bargaining state of shock or grief or whatever. I keep thinking if I close my eyes, I’ll wake up and be in bed sleeping off a hangover. I was pretty wasted, but I don’t know how much I can blame the alcohol.”
“You think you would have slept with the opposing party if you had been sober?”
He shrugged. “I mean, it’s not really like I can say my client and I had conflicting interests. My client and I both wanted to screw her, just in different, though non-conflicting, ways.”
I raised my eyebrows at the bizarre rationalization. “Well, speaking of interests, what does Mr. Frank want now?”
Whitney shrugged. “I think he just wants to delay at this point.”
“How’s his leg?”
“In a cast.” He looked thoughtful for a moment. “You don’t think Isla had anything to do with that, do you?”
“No comment.”
Whitney picked at the label of his Shiner bottle. “I get it. She’s your client. You can’t tell the enemy anything bad about her.”
“She never seemed the violent type to me.”
He slammed his bottle down on my desk. “Well, not to me either, obviously. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have gone home with her. Fuck, Maddy, if you could tell just by looking at someone whether or not they would be violent, do you think there would be any rape? Any domestic violence? I mean, I know this isn’t on par with that, but did you really think there’d be a warning sign like a birthmark in the shape of three sixes?”
“Okay, Whitney,” I snapped. “You’ve made your point. So what are you going to do?”
“Try to convince Mr. Frank to let the case proceed without him if he can’t drag his ass to court. Everything’s already agreed to anyway, and he’s not getting out of that. Not without a lawyer better than I am.” He sighed and threw his empty beer bottle in a waste basket. “I just want to get it over with.”
I wondered if that itself wasn’t a conflict of interests with Whitney wanting things to end as soon as possible when his client might not. Which then made me wonder what my own ethical duty was when I was dealing with opposing counsel who may not be acting ethically and may or may not be crazy. The rules of professional conduct clearly hadn’t anticipated Whitney’s dilemma.
After lunch, we restored my desk, and, as promised, I looked at his back. Though I tried to be as gentle as possible, the bandages stuck to his skin and tugged on scabs as I peeled them off. The wounds were oozy, and a green crust had formed over some of the scratches. The edges were red and ragged. “Damn! Have you washed it at all since I saw you last?”
“I can’t exactly bend that way to clean and dress it.”
I couldn’t lie to him. “It looks terrible. You should see a doctor. You might need an antibiotic.”
“Fuck, really?” He craned his neck to try to see his back but hissed as the skin pulled.
I nodded. “I’ll clean it the best I can, but its oozing yellow crap and stinks. Just go to a walk-in center and tell them you had rough sex. Really rough sex. You’ll give the nurses something to gossip about for weeks.” My voice was devoid of sympathy. I realized that I didn’t feel bad about Whitney’s injuries. Maybe it was the wrong attitude to have, but it seemed like just punishment for trying to sleep with your client’s wife and the opposing party. But I did feel bad for him that he seemed to be losing his mind.
“See a doctor,” I urged once more, hoping that he might also think about seeing a psychiatrist.
After he left, I called Isla to tell her about my meeting with Whitney and the developments in their case, or lack thereof. Of course, I wouldn’t mention Whitney’s flesh wounds. On that front, I figured feigning ignorance was probably the best policy.
“Well, what does he want?” she asked, not even deigning to say her soon-to-be ex-husband’s name, let alone asking about his health after the car accident.
“Just to delay, apparently. Whitney’s trying to convince him to not even show up to court. To just let us enter the divorce without them.”
Isla swore. “So why the hell couldn’t we do it last week?”
“Because Mr. Frank wanted to drag his feet. Well, to drag the one that wasn’t in a cast.”
“And we just had to let him?”
I sighed. I was ready for her divorce to be done too. “It’s been over a year already. You can wait another few days. What’s your hurry anyway? Getting married again?”
I could feel her sneer over the phone. Gabby rushed into my office. She clamped her mouth shut when she saw I was on the phone but bounced on the threshold looking like she was about to burst. I waived her in, and she sat on the edge of my sofa, still bouncing. “I’ll email you once I’ve got the court date. If there’s nothing else...”
“Nothing,” she said bitterly.
We ended the call, and I turned to Gabby.
“Mazel Fahima’s on the line,” she blurted out. The phone had barely rested in the cradle. “Joseph’s just been arrested.”
“Really? Is it Hazel Coronus?”
“I don’t think so. She said it’s something about a burglary.”

That very evening, I went to see Joseph in lockup. Over the phone, Mazel had filled me in with the little details that she knew. Mazel had told me that Joseph went to his friend Zach’s house after school. They fought, and Zach’s mom called the cops.
“Burglary? Really?” I had asked in disbelief.
“That’s what Joseph told me.” She had seemed as puzzled as I was. “Joseph wouldn’t steal.”
Every parent of a juvie defendant said something like that. And I noticed she said nothing about the likelihood that Joseph would beat the ever loving crap out of his supposed friend. “Even so, the charge seems a little harsh to me.”
Mazel gave no response.
Since Joseph was eighteen and legally an adult, the cops took him to the county jail near the courthouse. When I arrived, he was already sitting in one of the confidential meeting rooms for attorneys and dressed in an orange jumpsuit. His hands lay on the table uncuffed.
He sat slumped over the table picking at the scabs on his hands. His head sagged down to his shoulders, which sagged down to his stomach. I had seen a lot of clients in his position—both guilty and not-guilty. The ones who professed their innocence were usually pissed off and ready to fight. The guilty ones tended to be nonchalant about it and took their arrest as a matter of course. But I couldn’t remember seeing anyone looking so hopeless.
I slapped a file down on the table. The DA had done me the courtesy of faxing the police records over to my office, and Gabby had bundled it up all nicely for me. I read it on my way down, at traffic lights and while waiting for my coffee at a drive-thru Starbucks. He looked up at me with reddened eyes under heavy bruises. His lower lip looked split.
“From the cops?” I asked, gesturing to his face.
He shook his head.
“Zach?”
He nodded. I realized then that I was a bit disappointed in him. I had figured he would be arrested sooner or later in connection with the missing girl, but I hadn’t thought that he would go looking for trouble. How had he picked up a burglary charge? It was an odd feeling, being disappointed in a client. All I do is deal with criminals. Why had I expected better of any of them? I pulled my camera out of my bag and pointed it at him.
“Madeline, please. I’m in no mood.” He moved his hands to cover his face.
“Sit up straight and look at me. This isn’t for GQ, you know. It’s for your case.” He sat with a sullen grimace on his face while I took a few pictures of his face and the bruises on his arm and chest. I had flashbacks to my night with Whitney. At least I wouldn’t have to play nurse also.
When I finished with the photo session, I put my camera away and sat across from him. “You want to tell me what happened?”
He shrugged and nodded to the file. “It’s all in there, isn’t it?”
“What the police say happened is in there. But I thought you might want to give me your own version.” I sat down across from him with my arms folded over my chest.
Joseph sighed. “Zach asked me over to his house. We were in his room playing Xbox. He went to use the bathroom, and I started going through his things. He came out and hit me.” He said it almost mechanically.
“He hit you first?”
He nodded.
“And he invited you over to his house?”
He nodded again.
“Well, that doesn’t sound like burglary to me.”
He stared at me blankly.
“I mean the State’s case against you is weak, to say the least,” I clarified. He just nodded. It didn’t look like the news pleased him in anyway. He was just giving me a sign that he was listening.
“See, burglary requires you to break and enter into the house of another with the intent to commit the crime,” I continued. “Let’s say you invite a friend over for coffee and she raids your medicine cabinet for prescription drugs. Is that burglary? No. Your friend had your consent to be in your home, so there was no breaking and entering. And she didn’t intend to steal your drugs when you came in the house. She intended to have coffee with you. It doesn’t sound like you broke in to Zach’s place. It also doesn’t sound like you initiated the violence, which you would have needed to do for a first degree charge. Of course the trouble is proving it, as always.”
“Spare me the legalese.” He looked anywhere in the room but at me.
I didn’t understand his attitude. I raised my eyebrows and scoffed. “So, you don’t care about even trying to get off?” I didn’t wait for him to answer. “Why’d you go to Zach’s house this afternoon?”
“He invited me.”
I sneered. “What are you, his lapdog? You go whenever he calls you? Do you go there often?”
“Sometimes.”
“Never had a problem there before?”
He shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know. I guess not.”
“Zach or his parents never asked you to leave?”
He shook his head.
“Do you always go through your friends’ things at their homes?”
“No.”
“Why then? Were you looking for something?”
He didn’t answer. I quickly scanned through the police report and read something about a ring found in Joseph’s possession.
“The cops said you beat Zach up. Is that true?”
“I guess.”
“You guess?” I repeated with scorn. I sighed. It was late, and I had had enough of his short answers. I gave up on getting any information out of him. We’d have time to discuss his case once he was free. I shoved his file back in my bag. “I’m filing a motion to reduce bail. We should get you out of here soon. We’ll talk then.”
Joseph looked worried and shook his head. “No, don’t. I don’t want to get out. It’s safer for me here.”
“Jail, safe? For the lanky Jewish kid? Are you fucking kidding me?”
Joseph only shrugged. I wanted to take him by those slender shoulders and shake him. I took a deep breath and tried to make my voice sound gentle. “Are you worried about someone hurting you at home?”
He looked at me like I had grown a set of antlers.
“Is it Zach? Are you worried about him...well, beating you up again?”
“You wouldn’t understand.”
I lowered my voice. “Is this about Hazel?”
He looked up at me and frowned. “You told me you don’t want to know anything about her.”
I was happy to finally see him show some emotion. “Things are different now. Now you’ve been arrested, and I’m pretty sure the cops are throwing the book at you to get information on Hazel. Did Zach kill her? Did he use you to kill Hazel? We can use that information to get you out of this.”
He shook his head. “No. I don’t want bail or to make a deal. I want to plead guilty.”
I blinked, uncertain that I had heard him right. “Excuse me?”
“I just want to plead guilty and get it all over with.”
“You don’t even know what the DA is offering. You don’t care how long they lock you up for something you didn’t do?” It pained me that he didn’t want help.
His shoulders barely raised in a shrug. “Doesn’t matter.”
I gaped at him for a minute. “You’re eighteen years old and with your whole life in front of you. You’re off to Vanderbilt or who knows where next fall. I’m trying to figure out what about your life is so terrible that you’d rather go to prison than to college. Is it your parents? The pressure?” I finally asked.
“You can believe whatever you want to believe.”
“Fine,” I said coldly. I made a show of reaching into my bag to tear up the motion to reduce bail I had drafted. “Stay here. But know that I can’t let you plead guilty. The facts as you told them to me just don’t add up to first degree burglary. I can’t let you lie to the court and say you did it when what you said you did legally isn’t first degree burglary.”
His brown eyes seemed to burn as he stared at me. A lesser person would have shriveled under his gaze. “How do you know I’m not lying to you?”
“Ten years of dealing with scummy criminal clients. I can spot a liar. You’re not one.”
He continued to stare at me tightlipped.
“At least, not about this,” I added after a moment. “I know you’re hiding something from me. Maybe it’s something about Hazel. It’s definitely something about Zach. Whatever it is, it has nothing to do with breaking and entering into Zach’s house while he was in the bathroom.” I didn’t know how I knew it, but I did. Despite his secrets, Joseph wasn’t a liar. Forthcoming, no. Truthful, yes.
Still, he said nothing.
“Well, I’ll be on my way. Think about it, and I’ll see you in a few days, Joseph. I’m your attorney until you fire me, so you might as well get used to someone fighting for you.”
“Then I guess you’re fired.”
Chapter 7

I wasn’t surprised to see Omri and Mazel in my waiting room as I walked into my office suite the following morning. They looked pale with shadows under their eyes like they hadn’t slept the night before. Omri hadn’t shaved.
For a single spiteful second, I considered refusing to see them. They had never been my clients, and, after Joseph had fired me, I wouldn’t be accepting their money anymore either. But I didn’t. 
“I take it Joseph told you he fired me,” I said as I stood there, my purse and takeaway Starbucks coffee in hand.
“Why?” Omri asked.
I shrugged. “I’m honestly as confused as you are. It sounds to me that he doesn’t want to fight the case.”
“If this is about money...” Omri began.
I cut him off. “Joseph and I didn’t talk about money. It just sounds to me like he feels like he doesn’t deserve an attorney.”
Omri scoffed. “I thought that was a feature of your justice system—that everyone deserves a lawyer.”
I nodded. It was one of the things that made me so proud to practice criminal defense—to be there for the least deserving. It didn’t hurt my feelings when Joseph had fired me. I’d been fired by clients before. But seeing Joseph like that, as though he thought he didn’t deserve help, that hurt. He was a kid who had been accused on something he didn’t do who was being leaned on by cops who didn’t have a lead. If he thought he didn’t deserve an attorney, then who did deserve one? But the Fahimas didn’t come to me for a lecture on American jurisprudence.
I looked over my shoulder to Gabby, hard at work on the computer and pretending she wasn’t listening to us. I nodded to the hall. “Come on back and we can talk.”
Once in my office, I gestured for the Fahimas to have a seat and set my things down. I shuffled a few papers off my desk, sat down, and took a deep breath. “I want to help Joseph fight this case, but he doesn’t want me to. He seems afraid of something. Is there something that he doesn’t want to come home to?” I asked as delicately as I could.
Omri shook his head, but Mazel looked uncomfortable. Fear or uncertainty passed through her face briefly, but she said nothing. I got the same feeling that I had from Joseph the other night—she was hiding something.
“If Joseph can tell the police where Hazel is, they’ll offer him a better deal,” I tried, wondering if I could get a reaction from her. I figured if that’s what she was hiding—if she knew anything about that—it would show on her face. Maybe she’d turn pale or avoid meeting my eyes, but none of that happened. Her face turned blank and she shook her head. She repeated her belief that Joseph had nothing to do with that. So whatever Mazel was hiding, I guessed it didn’t have anything to do with Hazel.
“How would Joseph know anything about that?” Omri asked.
I looked to Mazel, who still looked lost.
“I don’t know,” I said quietly. “I think the police are leaning on him for information. But like I said, Joseph doesn’t want my help. I can help him beat this if he wants, but it’s not my job to work in Joseph’s best interest and make him fight the case.” I knew my words sounded cold, but they had to understand why I was powerless. “Legally, Joseph is an adult. As his lawyer, I can only be his agent. I can only do what he tells me to do. I’m only a hired gun. Joseph has pretty much the final say on the matter, no matter how much we don’t like it. And since he fired me...”
 “I will talk to him,” she said, biting her lower lip nervously. “Will you come back to the case?”
“If he wants me to. I can’t do anything unless it’s under his direction. Not even if you want me to.”
Mazel nodded. “I guess that’s all we can ask for. Thank you for meeting us. Joseph will be in touch.”
Omri’s mouth was set in a grim line. He didn’t look convinced by his wife’s powers of persuasion over their son. But he thanked me and shook my hand as I walked them out of my office.
With them gone, I could focus on other clients. I did have some that actually wanted my help. I drafted a motion to dismiss Bran’s mischief charge arguing that he hadn’t damaged any property or caused any financial loss to the restaurant. Hell, some of the witnesses I’d talked to thought Bran’s little prank was hilarious and that it made them more likely to want to eat at KFC again in the future.
But despite the humor, I had to shake my head and wonder why some people made such bad choices over and over again. I’m not talking about cycles of poverty or addiction and the institutions in place designed to keep poor people poor. I mean the stupid shit. The people who fought so hard to keep their kids after a neglect accusation only to leave their kid alone in a car. Or the ones who celebrated a not guilty verdict in their drunk driving case by getting drunk and then, you guessed it, driving home. Bran reminded me of those people sometimes. He could do something with his life if he didn’t keep fucking it up with stupid shit.
I did a final read of the motion, filed it through the electronic filing system, and leaned back in my chair, observing the pile of crap on my desk that represented other people’s bad choices that I had to deal with. At least Isla’s serial marriages I could understand. She always ended up better off after a marriage. But with Bran, sometimes I wanted to shake him and ask him what the fuck was wrong with him. What was the point of the things he did? What did Bran really get out of releasing live chickens in a fast food joint? Was it worth his freedom to make a few strangers laugh? I put Bran’s file away and moved on to the next, trying to fix one more person’s problems before lunch time.
When I couldn’t stare at their problems anymore, I grabbed a TV dinner from my office’s small kitchen and stuck it in the microwave. While the frozen chicken marsala rotated under the radiation, I swung by Gabby’s desk to retrieve Joseph’s file before she scanned it and destroyed it pursuant to my office’s archiving policy. “You haven’t shredded Joseph’s file yet, have you?”
She shook her head and looked at me like I was being ridiculous. “You just put it on the burn pile this morning. Besides, when I saw his parents come in, I figured...”
“Yeah, he might want us back. At least, his parents do.”
“You should install a revolving door,” she said as she passed the file back to me.
I took it back to my office and looked over it again during lunch, just in case Mazel would be successful in convincing her son to come back to me. As I’d read the evening before, the police report told the story of Zach catching Joseph in the act of trying to rob him. There was a picture of the ring he tried to steal—a brass clunky thing with the Star of David on it. The police report said it had been found in Joseph’s pocket and that the ring was currently in their evidence room. Conveniently, the police report didn’t say who threw the first punch or why Joseph had been at Zach’s house in the first place.
I flipped through the file and found photos of the alleged victim and Joseph after the fight. One caught my eye of Joseph’s bare chest. It wasn’t the greatest picture—it was grainy and Joseph was too far away to be seen clearly—but there appeared to be a crudely done tattoo on the left side of his chest. It had healed badly and was still red and inflamed, maybe more scar tissue than a tattoo. It looked like a prison tat as imagined by a butcher. I read more of his info sheet, and the police seemed to think it was a gang tattoo. There was no indication as to when the police thought he got this purported gang tattoo. Though it was hard to make out, the tattoo looked to be of the Star of David, the sign of the Jewish people.
“Weird,” I muttered to my lunch. He didn’t seem like the type to join a gang. Nor did I think there was a gang of Jewish kids marking themselves like that.
Interlude

Zach headed down to the county jail after school. He wondered how it would look—the victim going to visit his assailant. If anyone questioned him, he would just say he wanted closure. He had always thought it was a silly word that people tossed around without any real meaning, but it gave him the perfect cover.
Just like in the movies, Zach saw Joseph from behind the Plexiglas wall meant to divide the criminal from the innocent. He picked up the phone to talk.
“What are you doing here?” Joseph asked. His voice was muffled. Zach wondered if they were being recorded.
“I missed your pretty face,” Zach said with a sneer. “And I wanted to let you know, I’m not done with you yet.”
Nervously, Joseph twisted the metal phone cord between his fingers. When he felt the metal singe his fingertips, he let go. He looked down to Zach’s hands. He wasn’t wearing the ring. It was still with the cops in evidence. “I got it, thanks,” Joseph said, and he started to hang up the phone.
“You think you can get away from me this easily?” Zach yelled into the mouth piece. A guard looked up and barked out a warning to him. “I bet you’re glad my mom put you here,” he said in a hiss. “You think that means I can’t do anything I wish anymore.”
“Yeah, sorry Mommy had to go ruin all your plans,” he said, for the first time feeling brave when he saw Zach. “Too bad she had to protect you from the big, bad fairy.”
“I was tired of you anyway,” Zach said. He even faked a yawn. “I was out of ideas. After Hazel, what’s left for you to do? But then I thought of something even better: I’ll bet a lot of people where you’re going will be interested in you and a certain piece of jewelry. I’ll bet I’ll be able to make a nice deal once I get it back after you plead guilty. What do you think they’ll give me in exchange for giving them you? If you thought killing Hazel was bad, I can’t imagine what your new friends will think of.”
Joseph almost laughed. “No one will believe you. Who’s going to pay you to tell them a fairytale?”
Zach shrugged. “I guess we’ll see,” he said and hung up the phone.
Joseph looked down at his hands as his guards led him back. Small blisters dotted his palm. That was after only a few seconds. How would he last a prison sentence with someone trying to control him?
He laughed mirthlessly as he realized Zach had figured out one more way to take away his freedom.
Chapter 8

First thing in the morning the following day, Mazel called. “He said he’ll meet with you,” she said simply.
“He’s hired me again?”
“Yes. Go see him in jail, and he will talk.”
Mazel sounded relieved, but I felt like I was in the middle of a family drama. “Mazel, what’s going on here? Why does he want to plead guilty to something he didn’t do? Is it bullying in school? What?”
“Go see Joseph. He will tell you what you need to know.”
“Is it something with his father?” I was being more blunt than I would have liked, but I needed to get to the bottom of this and didn’t feel like tiptoeing around their feelings. I needed to find out what Joseph was hiding if I was going to take this case.
Sure, I’ve had dozens of clients lie and keep secrets from me. I didn’t want them to, but they always did. Even if it was just a lie of omission to make themselves look better and they thought the court would never learn the truth. Spoiler alert: it doesn’t work. Don’t lie to your lawyer. But all that aside, this secret that Mazel was hiding felt bigger. Like she was about to show me the proverbial smoking gun.
Mazel hesitated, which I took as confirmation that something more was going on with their family that made Joseph not want to go home. “No, it’s not Omri. He doesn’t know.”
“Doesn’t know what?”
I heard her take a deep breath. “I can’t tell you over the phone.”
That was more irritating to me than her denials.
“Please, go see Joseph,” she repeated. “And I’ll come in later so we can talk.”
“Fine,” I said. I was glad she couldn’t see me balling my hands into fists so tightly my knuckles turned white. “I’ll give him another chance. And come in sometime next week if you want.”
Mazel thanked me profusely before hanging up.
I thought about letting Joseph sweat it out in jail for another night, but the phone call with Mazel haunted me. What did she mean when she said Omri didn’t know? He didn’t know what? What were both he and I in the dark about? This was more than a reaction to schoolhouse bullying or an overbearing father. No one gets that ready to defend a case before the crime is even committed and then practically gives up after an arrest. So, one part curious and sympathetic, and one part frustrated, I headed back to jail that afternoon.
First, though, I swung by the district attorney’s office to speak to the lawyer prosecuting Joseph’s case and see what they were offering. The lead prosecutor, Greg Richards, I knew from a few other cases. He’d worked for the DA’s office for a few years and only recently moved up to felonies. He was young and eager to prove himself, which probably explained his offer.
“Fifteen years?” I asked incredulous. “You’re kidding, right?”
He shook his head with a shit-eating grin plastered on his face.
“You know, my client will say that he was invited over by the victim. That they were friends. So there goes breaking, not to mention intent.”
He shrugged as though he knew something I didn’t know, which had to be complete bullshit as I’d already read his files. “I guess we’ll let the jury decide then.”
I hated his cockiness. I hated that I didn’t have a clever come back. I stomped out of his office trying to craft the perfect response and bumped into Emmitt.
“They could use you in felonies. The new guy over there is a real asshole.” I jabbed my thumb in Greg’s direction.
He smiled. “You always say the opposing side’s an asshole. Besides, you know I prefer a funny story.” He nodded to the folder in my hand. “So I see you’ve found your Hazel Coronus. Not an avian expert after all? You got the boyfriend?”
I shook my head. “Joseph Fahima. He’s a friend of the boyfriend, but this isn’t about Hazel.” 
His smile faded. “Isn’t it?” He sounded genuinely puzzled.
I cocked my head. “What do you know?”
He shrugged his big shoulders. “They don’t tell us much down in misdemeanor land. But it’s no secret the cops have got no leads and that they’ll turn to other avenues to get information.”
“You think they’re pressuring Joseph to try to get information about Zach?”
He shrugged again. “Don’t you?”
I didn’t think the district attorneys would be that forthcoming with their tricks, but it was nice to have my suspicions confirmed. This would certainly make Joseph’s case easier. All I had to do was convince him to roll over on Zach.
At the jailhouse, the guards brought Joseph to the same little conference room I’d met him in two days earlier. And as before, he was slumped in his chair and looking down. He didn’t look like he would be any more accommodating.
“So,” I said to Joseph as I sat down across from him. “What made you change your mind?” I tried to sound light, as though I were commenting on the weather.
“My mother insisted.” His voice sounded scratchy and unused.
I stared at him through narrowed eyes. “Oh come on! You didn’t agree to see me just because mommy said so.” I knew I sounded condescending, but I was angry. Both at him and at the DA’s office for their willingness to throw the book at an innocent kid because of their own incompetence. “You’re not the kind to keep your parents informed of your every move. They came by my office and wanted to know what was going on after you fired me. You should drop them a line or give them a call when you find the time in between making license plates and picking up trash on the side of the highway. They want to know how you are because they care. As for me, I’m just here because I get paid. So you want to save your parents a few bucks and tell me what’s going on now, or do I need to beg some more?”
Joseph’s head snapped up early in my speech, and he glared at me with burning eyes. “I thought you’re supposed to help me. Not be an asshole to me like Zach is.”
I ignored the comparison. “Yes, I’m supposed to help you. But I can only do what you want me to do. I can’t do anything without your approval. It’s a ‘your wish is my command’ type of deal.” He shot me a venomous look at that, but I continued. “I want to act in your best interests, but you won’t let me. So I have to push you and convince you that you actually want what’s best for you.”
“Great,” Joseph said. His whole body gave off a vibe of sarcasm. “That’s just what I need. Another person telling me what to do.”
“Well, your plan of pleading guilty, of lying to the court and having me approve that lie, wasn’t so great. You’ve got any other bright ideas?”
“I want to fight the case.” He looked disgusted as he said it, but I smiled.
“Good boy! Now do you want to tell me what really changed your mind?”
“Fuck, Madeline.” Jail had certainly brought out his bad manners. His body sagged in his chair and he looked everywhere but at me. “You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” he finally said.
I rolled my eyes at his clichéd words. Not believing clients was par for the course in the practice of law. But that didn’t mean I couldn’t suspend my disbelief. As an attorney, I wasn’t the fact finder. If I didn’t have actual knowledge that what they were saying was untrue, I could go with it, even if I thought it was a shitty idea. “Try me. And if you’re going to use such...informal language around me, call me Maddy. ‘Madeline’ is my name for sophisticated people who don’t say ‘fuck’ to their lawyers.”
He laughed at himself or at me but then just clammed up again.
“Joseph, it looks to me like you’re in a good position. The prosecutors are being hard asses because they want information on Zach. This thing with Hazel. It’s the boyfriend, like we talked about. It’s always the boyfriend when there’s a missing girl. They just want to know about what happened to her. Tell them the truth and you’re free.”
“What makes you think I know?”
I shrugged. “I don’t know. But one way or another, I don’t think you’d be sitting in jail unless you knew more than you were telling.”
“Yeah, right.”
“Whatever it is that makes you think you’re better off here, we can work through it. I’ll help you.”
“Can you?” He made it sound like it was an insult.
“Yes,” I promised and hoped I could live up to it.
“Can you try to believe me?”
I nodded.
“A friend of mine gave me your card. He had drawn a picture on it, so I knew I could trust you.”
Underwhelmed by what he was telling me, I just stared at him for a second or to. “A picture? So?” I asked once I’d found my voice.
He reached for my pad of paper and started to draw. “It’s a symbol that lets us know you’re safe.”
“Safe? What’s that mean?”
“That you’re friendly to us.”
“Friendly to who? Who’s us?”
He slid the pad back to me. He had drawn the winged heart that had been drawn on my office building and washed away several times in the past only to come back, as though someone were desperately trying to send a message through it.
I stared at the drawing for a moment as the clock ticked, slowly counting away the precious time we had before the guards would pull Joseph out. Finally, I slid the drawing back. “So what? You saw it when you came to my office.” But even as I said it, I thought back to the afternoon we had first met. By the time Joseph came by my office, the maintenance men had already painted over it and were planting the rosebushes.
Joseph looked desperate to prove something to me but at the same time he seemed guarded, afraid of his own truth. As though he hoped that if he just gave me the right pointed stare, I’d catch on. After a moment, he seemed to give up on that point and change tactics. “Did the police report say anything about a scar?”
I flipped to the page in the report to the picture of his chest and slid it over to him. “They called it a tattoo, actually. The police think it was part of some kind of gang initiation.”
“They think I’m in a gang?”
I nodded. “Gang membership will be good for them at trial. You want to tell me about it?”
“I’m not in a gang.” He sounded amused by the idea. “And if I were, I’d choose one that has a cooler sign than the fucking Star of David.”
“Yeah, I didn’t think a rowdy band of rabbis had gotten to you. So what happened?”
Joseph looked at the table and at his hands. He turned his hands over and studied them. I noticed his fingers were red and raw, and the rash spread down to his wrists. “Cuff me, and I’ll tell you.”
“What?”
“Get the guards to put me in handcuffs, and I’ll tell you anything you want to know.”
Confused and more than a little alarmed, I raised my eyebrows. But Joseph insisted. He stared into my eyes as though pleading.
“Fine.” I called for the guard and told him Joseph’s demand. He looked as confused as I did, but he complied.
“You’re the boss,” he said as he clamped them on Joseph’s willing wrists.
Joseph stared at his burn-covered wrists in the cuffs. He almost looked relieved.
“Zach did it to me.”
I snorted. “Yeah, I can see why you hang out with him. He sounds like a really good friend.”
“He’s not my friend. He’s my master.”
“Excuse me?”
“You’ve got to try to believe me.” Awkwardly, he began to unbutton the top of his jumpsuit.
“Joseph, I...”
“I want you to see it.”
In pink puffy skin there was a circle around a six-pointed star. It wasn’t big, about the size of a half dollar. “It’s called the Seal of Solomon. King Solomon of Israel had it on a signet ring with magical powers that he used to control the shedhim.”
“The shedhim?”
“It’s a Hebrew word.”
“I don’t speak Hebrew. What’s it in English?”
“Genies.”
“Genies?” I repeated, aware that I sounded like an idiot.
“I’m a genie, Maddy.”
If it hadn’t been for Whitney and his encounter with Isla, I would have walked out right then and filed a motion to challenge Joseph’s competency to stand trial. I would have hired the best psychologists in Texas to evaluate Joseph and testify that he didn’t understand the proceedings against him. But I stayed where I was. Not that it meant that I believed Joseph. Or Whitney either, for that matter. Even after seeing his scars, who would believe a tale of a demon from a drunk? But Joseph was sitting across from me cold sober with a horrific scar on his chest, and I couldn’t deny something strange was going on.
“A genie,” I repeated back to him again after a long pause.
“You don’t believe me.”
“Would you believe you in my situation?” I said delicately.
He bit his lip. “I can’t prove it to you. Not in these.” He lifted his hands to rattle his cuffs. “Stainless steel’s made from iron,” he said as though that explained it. “It breaks the magic.”
I nodded. “Of course it does.”
“That’s why I couldn’t tell you about Zach without them. He ordered me not to tell. The iron lets me disobey him, but I can’t do anything to prove it to you with them on.” Joseph rubbed his wrists under the cuff as though they were burning and frowned at his Catch-22. “Somehow, he managed to make a copy of that ring, and he’s controlling me with it. The ring and this damned tattoo he marked me with.”
I shook my head. He was talking too fast and making no sense. “What ring, Joseph?”
“King Solomon’s ring. Zach made a copy. That’s what I was looking for that day at his house. I almost had it,” he said regretfully.
“Right.” I let out a deep breath. “You have to have to understand how incredible this sounds. Even if I did believe you that Zach somehow was able to make a copy of a magical ring.”
“Look, I don’t know how it happened, okay? He didn’t need to be Sauron of fucking Middle Earth to make the ring. He just needed a home engraving kit. I don’t know he did it, but he did.”
I held out my hands in what I hoped was a calming gesture. “Okay, Joseph, just calm down.”
He didn’t. For a second, I thought he might cry. “Shit, you really don’t know, do you?”
I stood up. “Joseph, it’s late. Let’s talk tomorrow. Your parents will have posted bail by then. I can even meet you at home, if you want.”
“Bran Kennedy!” He blurted out. “He recommended you to me. He gave me your card with the little winged heart drawn on it to let me know. Talk to him. You’ve got to believe me and understand why I don’t want to bail out of here and why I want the cops to keep these fucking things on!” He punctuated his words by slamming his cuffs down on the table.
The interview was over. Even if I had wanted to stay, the guards heard the bang and came in to break us up. “Okay, lovebirds,” the guard sang as he came in. “Time to go. Come back tomorrow and hopefully Mr. Fahima will remember to behave.”
Chapter 9

As luck would have it, I didn’t have to call Bran the next day to ask him how he knew Joseph and just what the ever loving fuck was going on. Bran had been arrested the night before—surprise, surprise—for public indecency and thoughtfully stopped by my office to bring me the police report. I ran into him outside my building.
“I know you’re busy, and I thought I’d help you out,” he said as he passed some papers to me. “Our first appearance is in about a week from now.”
“Thanks, Bran. That’s very helpful. Do you have a few minutes? I’d like to talk to you about something.”
“This isn’t the lecture about staying on the straight and narrow, is it?”
“Would it do any good?”
“No.”
“How do you know Joseph Fahima?” It may have been a trick I learned from listening to police interrogations, to surprise them with what I wanted to know so they wouldn’t have time to fabricate an answer. Or I just didn’t feel like beating around the bush.
“Did he come to you? He’s a good kid.”
Usually I’d only see Bran in court where he’d dress respectably, sometimes even in a suit and a tie. He’d take out his bigger earrings and comb his hair. But that morning, he had done none of that. He had expanders in both earlobes and piercings through his lips. His hair was gelled to stick out at all angles. This was probably the first time I was seeing him in short sleeves. He had tattoos all down both arms, and all my attention went to one on the inside of his left forearm about halfway between his wrist and elbow. It was the winged heart.
I grabbed his arm more roughly than I had meant to. “What’s this?”
He looked at me like I was an idiot. “A tattoo.”
“Don’t!” I said. “I’m not in the mood. Tell me what it means. Tell me why Joseph said you drew it on the back of my business card to give to him.”
He shrugged. “Maybe it was a rough draft I was designing to get done later.”
“Please. This tattoo is years old. It’s already starting to fade. So tell me what it means and why someone keeps drawing it on the side of my building.” I dragged him to the building’s recessed entrance and pointed to the place where the heart had been only a few days before. Of course, now it was only a patch of mismatched paint and rosebushes.
“I don’t see anything,” Bran said gently as though he were breaking bad news to me.
“Don’t bullshit me. What does it mean?”
He looked around, from the damned rosebush to the parking lot, trying to find anything to talk about to avoid answering my question. He licked his lips as he hesitated. Maybe it was because I was angry and had all that passion bubbling near the surface, but the way his tongue rolled over one of the piercings was an unexpected turn on. I wanted to shake him senseless and jump his bones at the same time.
“We’re not supposed to out each other,” he said apologetically.
“‘Out each other?’ What the fuck does that mean? He mentioned you, for whatever that’s worth.”
Bran shrugged his shoulders lightly to show he was shaking off Joseph’s apparent breach of etiquette. “You know the hobo code?”
I raised my eyebrows and shook my head.
“It’s what hobos would draw on buildings to help each other out. Warn each other or let them know where they can sleep. Two interlinked circles on a house meant a cop lived here, but a triangle and a squiggle on another house meant you can sleep in the hay loft.” He nodded to the building where the winged heart had been. “That’s our hobo code. It means one of our kind is here. Or one friendly to our kind.”
“Your kind?”
“The fae, Maddy. Fairies.” He laughed and ran his hand through his carefully disheveled hair. “I can’t believe you didn’t know so many of your clients are fae. It’s cute really, but I would have thought you’d have picked up on the fact that something was up with them. With us.”
It was easier for me to believe that Bran was lying, Whitney was crazy, and Joseph was just a troubled kid. But I remembered Whitney’s wounds and his fear. And Joseph’s scar—the tattoo gone horribly wrong—and how haunted he looked. How he had only opened up when he had the handcuffs on. Iron, he had explained, could break whatever hold Zach had on him.
I let go of Bran’s arm as though it were burning. I hadn’t even realized I was still holding it. “What are you?” I choked out.
He looked around him at the people in my building arriving for work. A few shot us bewildered glances. Though they may have been used to the rough appearance of Bran or my other clients, I don’t think they ever saw me look so crazed. “You want to talk about this here?”
“Yes. What are you?” I repeated.
He shook his head. “A sprite. That mean anything to you? I love a good time. All the better if there’s mischief and mayhem. Why do you think I keep getting into so much trouble?”
I shrugged. His rap sheet didn’t prove anything. “I see a lot of that in my line or work. So you keep acting out? That doesn’t make you a fairy. I’d think fairy magic or whatever would keep you from getting caught.”
He leaned in close to me and dropped his voice. “Well, why did you think you keep getting me off?”
It was like he had hit me. “You don’t think I’m a good lawyer?”
“No one’s that good.”
I shoved him away and thrust his police report back at him. “Fine! Then you can take your case to someone else! You don’t need me. And I guess Joseph doesn’t either.” I stormed into my building happy to be rid of him.
Bran followed me in. He reached for my arm and spun me around. “Wait, Maddy. Come on! Don’t take it like that!”
I flung his hand off me. “How am I supposed to take it? How am I supposed to cope with the news that there are fucking fairies flying around?” Of course, as I said that the elevator dinged and two accountants from my floor came out. They eyed us as they walked past.
“Jesus, Maddy! We don’t fly. Let’s go someplace and talk about it.”
“What’s there to talk about?”
He shrugged and shook his head. “I don’t know, but we can at least get drunk about it, can’t we?”
Even though it was barely ten in the morning, somehow, it seemed like a good idea to me to go drinking with my criminal client, the sprite. Whatever the fuck that was.

I got in Bran’s old beater of a car and let him choose the place.
“Hooters? Really?” I asked when he pulled into the parking lot.
“Their bar is open now, and it’s close by. Where do you want me to take you? You want to be seen with me in your country club?”
I stifled my complaints. “Hooters is fine.” I sneered and followed Bran through the doors.
We sat at the bar, and Bran ordered us a round of drinks. The bartender didn’t even look surprised. I guess a lot of people thought like Bran did and came to Hooters to drink before the real bars opened.
“Spill,” I ordered him as soon as she was out of earshot.
Bran sighed. “I haven’t had to do this before. We generally keep to ourselves and don’t tell others.”
“So you’ve said.”
“Yeah, well, just bear with me. And drink up. This will go down easier with alcohol.”
I drank quietly, waiting for him to continue. “All right, well I don’t have wings or pointy ears, but I’m a fairy.”
I cocked my head. “Yeah, I think I remember you mentioned that. I think you put it on your client intake form. Next to your phone number and criminal history.”
“Cut the sarcasm, Maddy. I told you this is hard for me. I mean, it’s a stupid word you humans use when teenage girls want to get tattoos they think are edgy. How can you take me seriously?”
I cleared my throat and sat up straight on the bar stool. “Fine, I’m listening now. Fairies. Go.”
“All right, so it’s a broad term basically used to describe any preternatural being.”
I raised my eyebrows. “Preternatural? Really?”
“You know, this will go a lot easier if you don’t question everything I say.”
I continued to stare at him blankly.
“Fine. It’s a better term than supernatural. That’s usually reserved for ghosts. Or than unnatural. We are a part of nature. We weren’t genetically engineered like GMOs or something. Besides, in Texas, that term can refer to sodomy. Not that there’s anything wrong with that,” he added quickly.
“Get on with it.”
“You interrupted me,” he said with an accusing glint in his eyes. Oh God, even with that snide glare I found him attractive. I finished the rest of my drink. He was right—I’d need to get very drunk to have this conversation. I signaled for the bartender to bring us another round. There were few enough patrons that the service was quick. “Anyway, so every culture has their own myths and legends, right? Things from leprechaun to Big Foot. The legends are formed when someone saw something that they couldn’t explain. Fairy is kind of a blanket term to describe a lot of us.”
“So Big Foot is real?”
He shrugged. “Not as you imagine it, but there’s something there beyond just human imagination. The stories came from real observations.”
“So what else is there? Other than genies, and what did you call yourself? A 7-Up?”
He laughed the mocking laugh of someone who had heard that joke millions of times before. “A sprite.”
“Right. A sprite.” I giggled at the rhyme. “And what else is there?”
He shrugged again. “Who knows? We don’t out each other, and we stick to our own kind. Or similar kinds. Joseph and I are close enough in some ways that I can identify with him. But even I don’t know everything that’s out there.”
“So you’re like a genie?”
He shook his head. “Just similar in some ways. But I don’t have to do a master’s bidding and all that.”
“That’s a shame. I could have some fun with that,” I said before I could stop myself.
He gave a little laugh. “Oh yeah? What would you have me do?”
I leaned in close to him and whispered in his ear in the sexiest purr I could muster, “I’d have you get me another drink.”
“As you wish,” he said, being equally racy, and in a way nothing like magic, the bartender brought us another round.
“So what do you know about genies specifically?”
He shrugged. “Not a lot outside of what’s in Arabian Nights.”
I rolled my eyes, doubtful that ancient text would have any insight on a modern burglary charge. 
“Don’t dismiss it,” he said with a knowing air. “Like I said—our truths make your stories. It can’t all be bullshit.”
“What, like there’s truth in I Dream of Jeannie? Joseph doesn’t seem the type to strut about in a pink harem girl outfit.”
Bran mocked me with a sarcastic smile. “I see him more like Shaq in Kazaam.”
“So are fairies good or bad?” I felt like Glinda the Good Witch asking whether Dorothy was a good witch or a bad one.
“Some types are good. Some are bad. Some are just mischievous, like us sprites.”
“But why so mischievous?” I tried to drink this last beer more slowly. I had a lot of questions I wanted to ask Bran. Though the drinks made me feel less silly asking these questions, they were interfering with my thought process. I didn’t think I was usually such a lightweight, but maybe it was because it was still so early and I hadn’t eaten a good breakfast that day. I hadn’t eaten well since Whitney fed me, an odd realization for me to have.
“It’s what I am,” he said, answering nothing. “I need the excited rush you get when you’re about to do something stupid. I need to feel that like you need to breathe air.”
I shook my head, still not understanding what he meant.
He smiled as he tried to find the right words. “It’s like I live off adrenaline. That feeling you get when you’re afraid of getting caught but you really want to do something. Nothing bad really. Just fun. Like drinking from your old man’s liquor cabinet with your friends. I need that feeling from other people. I feed off it. I don’t place the ideas in people’s head. I can’t make someone do something they don’t want to do. I just give them the cojones to do it. It helps business at the tattoo parlor, at least.”
For a few seconds, I stared at him with my mouth hanging open. He wasn’t making any sense. He had said they were part of nature, and it tapped into a part of my brain that hadn’t been used since my high school biology classes. Were they predator or prey? How had they evolved? I couldn’t phrase my confusion into an intelligent question and blurted out a word salad about purpose.
He shrugged unconcerned. “I don’t know why we exist. I’m not a theologian or a biologist. Maybe sprites are to help people be brave and help themselves and their tribes.”
“Yeah, I can see how releasing chickens at the KFC helped human kind survive.” He gave me one of his disarming smiles, and I felt like I was melting. I was probably drinking too much. “And nothing sticks to you. I mean, you never get in trouble for it.”
“It’s the nature of the magic.”
“And your co-conspirators?”
“Co-conspirators!” He laughed. “Look at you using the fancy legal words! You must not be drunk enough! Another round?”
I shook my head and mumbled something about needing to pace myself.
He frowned, disapproving of my caution. “Sometimes they get caught, but usually there is enough magic to protect them. And sometimes, you protect them.” He put his hand over mine. “I do think you’re a good lawyer, Maddy.”
Bran was wrong. I was drunk. In fact, I had reached a sappy, maudlin stage. I clapped my other hand over his. “Thanks, Bran,” I said with a pout.
“I just thought you should know. I didn’t mean to insult you earlier.”
I changed the topic. “This still doesn’t explain how you know Joseph. Is there an underground fairy club or something?”
He wagged a finger at me. “You’ve got to let me keep some secrets. I can’t be telling you about our rituals and how we’re in league with the Illuminati.” He winked, and I had no idea what was true anymore.
I rolled my eyes. “Fine. So what’s the deal with iron? Joseph said something about it.”
“It’s different for all of us,” he said with a shrug. “Some of us can’t touch it. Some can’t even touch stainless steel.” He nodded to the knife and fork on the table. “Can make eating a bit difficult without the good silver. For others, they just lose their magic when they touch it. And some aren’t affected by it at all.”
“What about you?”
I could plainly read on his face that I had asked a stupid question. He tugged on his ear to show off his multiple piercings and stuck out his tongue to show me his tongue ring. “Do you want me to show you my Prince Albert, or will you believe me if I just say no?”
Feeling a little sheepish, I felt my face burn. “Okay, so why doesn’t it seem to bother you?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. I don’t know all the rules.”
I finished my beer and slammed the glass down on the bar. “Show me!”
“The Prince Albert?” he asked with a mischievous grin on his face.
I shook my head, not entirely disgusted by his suggestion and more intrigued than I cared to admit. “What you do. That feeling you feed off of. Fear and fun and whatever you had said. Giving people the nerve to do what they ordinarily wouldn’t. Show me how you do it.”
He twisted his mouth into a contemplative grin. “I’m doing it right now and you still don’t believe me. How else do you think I got you to blow off work to go drinking at...” he broke off and looked at his watch. “It’s not even eleven.”
I scrunched up my nose in mocking disdain. Though it could hardly be considered good judgment to be getting drunk with a client before lunch, Joseph had outright told me to talk to Bran. Even if he hadn’t, there was nothing that prevented me from being social with a client. I didn’t have any court appearances or meetings that I was missing. No looming deadlines or calls to make. I wasn’t really doing anything wrong according to the professional code. It just wasn’t the most responsible way to spend my Friday morning. My actions were more likely explained by my desire to research another client’s issue rather than by unexplained magical forces.
“Um, by telling me you’d help me on a case by telling me about fairies and sprites and goblins?”
At that, he looked a bit paranoid and crossed himself. “I didn’t say anything about goblins! You don’t want to mess with those guys!”
 “Jesus! You’re religious?” I asked in shock.
“It’s a magic motion to ward off bad luck. But why would it surprise you if I were religious? Didn’t I just tell you there is more to the world you thought you knew? And don’t those stories prove what I’m telling you?”
“Don’t tell me Jesus was a fairy too. I don’t think my brain will be able to process that.”
He looked at me wryly and pointedly avoided giving me an answer. “Then you need more alcohol!” He raised his arm to get the bartender’s attention. “Perhaps it’s time we move to something stronger.”
I shook my head firmly. “Stop trying to get me drunk and show me!”
He sighed and ordered us tequila shots. As the bartender slid them over to us, I looked at Bran skeptically. “Tequila? That’s what you think I wouldn’t do without your fairy-type nudging? Clearly you didn’t know me in college.”
Bran gave me a furtive smile, which was way more suggestive than a smile from a client ought to be, and poured salt on his hand. Wordlessly, he passed the salt to me, and I did the same. I licked the salt on my own hand and downed the drink. I fought the urge to throw up, belying my brag about my college days. Maybe I was used to better quality stuff than what they served at Hooters. “Oh fuck! Lime!” I said desperately.
I looked at Bran. The rind was in his teeth with the flesh of the lime facing out towards me, a dare written in his eyes. I brought my lips to his and bit the lime. After a second, he spat out the lime and kissed me. I nearly fell on top of him kissing him back.
I closed my eyes and began to understand Bran’s strange power. I knew it was never a good idea to kiss a client even though there was no professional rule prohibiting it. Not exactly. The ethical rules of lawyers weren’t meant to control our lives, only our practices. But I knew it looked wrong—to other lawyers, the court, and the public—for a lawyer to be intimately involved with a client. So no matter how sexy I thought his tattoos were or how attractive he was when he cleaned up and wore a suit, I’d never let myself be seriously tempted.
Yet there I was, thinking about how amazing it all felt, from his soft lips to his tongue ring to the feeling of doing something I shouldn’t. And how I didn’t want this to stop with just a kiss. It wasn’t exactly the worst judgment, but it certainly wasn’t the best idea either.
“Now do you believe me?” he asked as he ended the kiss. “Or should I show you more?”
I didn’t trust myself to speak. I just nodded and hoped he would understand my meaning. He did. He signaled to the bartender to settle the tab, and we walked back to his car.
All the way to his place, the words “bad idea” kept running through my head, but the thought of telling him to turn his car around felt worse.
“Relax,” Bran said. He put his hand on my knee, and I felt it. That feeding he was telling me about. I felt him absorbing all my doubts and fears. Nothing mattered. Not that I was blowing off work, and not that I’d left my car back in my office parking lot, and not my ethical concerns about sleeping with a client. The very thought “bad idea” seemed to float away, out of the open window, and into the late morning air. I was left only with the feeling of excitement. This was going to be fun.
Let me make something clear—he didn’t take advantage of me. It would be easy to think that, but that wasn’t what happened at all. As Bran explained, he couldn’t make someone feel or do something they didn’t want to do. He could only help me ignore the little voice in my head saying “maybe we should slow down.”
He took me by the hand and led me to his bedroom. He lay me down on his bed, positioning himself over me. I felt him straining against his jeans and pressing against my hip. He held my face in his hands and leaned in to kiss me again.
I breathed out a small, nervous laugh. “Who would have thought we’d come to this?”
“I did,” he said as he kissed me in that sensitive spot just below my ear. “When I first saw you, I thought ‘she’s beautiful, sexy, brilliant.’” He unbuttoned my blouse and punctuated each word with a kiss moving down from my neck to my chest. “‘I have to have her.’”
All his talk was making me more nervous. I wondered if that was his intent. He had said he fed off of the nervous excitement of others. Maybe my uneasiness added to his pleasure, a chilling thought.
I covered his mouth with my hand. “Shhhh. No more talking.”
He kissed my fingertips in response.
Chapter 10

Hours later, I fell out of my Bran-induced stupor and into shock. I rolled over in an unfamiliar bed. I opened my eyes to see bright, afternoon sunshine coming through the window in a bedroom as unfamiliar as the bed—an opened closet door revealing trendy men’s clothing, walls decorated with album covers in silver frames, an oak dresser with too many styling gels on top of it, and my clothes scattered around the jute carpet.
“No,” I whispered with my hand over my mouth. I shook my head, willing it to not be true. But Bran’s naked body resting next to me confirmed it.
“Good morning, gorgeous.”
Suddenly self-conscious, I pulled the sheet over my chest. “Good...what time is it?”
Bran looked to his alarm clock. “Two sixteen.”
Fuck. I buried my head in my hands. “Did I really waste the entire day?”
Bran ran his hand over my bare back. “I wouldn’t call that a waste.”
I recoiled from his touch. I gathered my clothes from the floor and began dressing myself in a rush. “I should go.”
“Where’s the fire?”
I turned towards him with pity in my face. “You didn’t actually expect me to stay, did you?”
The second the words were out of my mouth, I regretted them. I didn’t mean to sound so hurtful. But the words rolled off Bran’s back with a shrug. He placed his hands behind his head, putting his firm and deliciously tattooed chest on display. “A boy can dream, can’t he?”
I did my best to ignore him and continued getting dressed. I was buttoning my blouse when Bran reluctantly pulled himself out of bed. “You think this was a mistake.” He sounded almost regretful.
“Don’t you?”
He didn’t even have to think about it. “No. It was fun,” he said as he writhed into an old pair of jeans. “But we’re at that liminal moment, aren’t we?”
His use of fifty-cent words irritated me. I’d compartmentalized him as pretty but dumb. I had known him for years. I’d cut my teeth as a lawyer on one of his cases. I had been working for another, older attorney at the time. He had gotten sick of Bran and tossed him over to me. I had handled his cases ever since. He always struck me as a fuck up. I didn’t want to take him out of that box I’d placed him in in my head. If he surprised me with his intelligence, it might be harder to write this off as just a lustful mistake with a piece of eye candy.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“I mean, I get it. This is the moment after which everything changes. You can be that attorney who sleeps with your client and accept whatever the fallout from that will be. Or you can try to get things back to the way they were. That’s fine,” he said flatly. “We can try for that. But that doesn’t mean this was a mistake. It was fun, and that’s all it has to be, okay?” He handed me one of my shoes.
I took the shoe and nodded quietly. “Right. Fun.” There was a sarcastic bite in my voice. “I don’t need fun right now. I need to figure out what the hell is going on.”
He shrugged. “What’s there to figure out? I already told you everything. And now I got you to believe.”
“A temporary lapse in judgment doesn’t mean I believe in magic!”
He frowned and shook his head. “You know it’s not that. Look at me, Maddy!” I turned to his half-naked body. Well-defined chest covered in tattoos. A mermaid. A fish. A Celtic knot. I couldn’t even identify them all. A piece of a poem wrapped around a bicep. That damn winged heart on his forearm. And his eyes with a mischievous glint that as far as I could tell was a permanent fixture of his face. “I never went to college. I spend almost as much time in court as you do. I don’t drive a fancy car or wear fancy clothes. You think you would really jump into bed with someone like me if there weren’t something that you can’t understand going on?”
I shook my head. “Bran, I...”
“You wanted this. You needed this. But you would never have let yourself if it hadn’t been for my abilities.”
I covered my face with my hands. “God, Bran! Can you say that again but in a less creepy way?”
He threw my jacket at me and laughed. “I mean, I can’t make anyone do something they don’t want to do. I can only make things seem like good ideas at the time. And I figured this was a fun way prove it. I didn’t get you in trouble with anyone, did I?”
“My secretary will be pissed that I just never showed up to work today.”
“So what’s the problem?”
Of course he wouldn’t understand the complicated ethical rules that should have governed my behavior with a client, but I would have thought it was common knowledge that lawyers don’t usually sleep with their clients. “I’m your lawyer,” I said simply. “How can we have a professional relationship after...” I trailed off and just waved my hand at the rumpled sheets on his bed.
“Is that’s what’s bothering you? Simple. I’ll hire someone else to represent me.” Bran smiled, pleased with his problem solving ability.
I pouted. I didn’t know what was more upsetting—sleeping with my client or being fired so it would all be okay. “So it’s all the same to you, is it? You said I was a good lawyer.”
Bran laughed and shook his head. “Jesus, Maddy. What do you want?”
I looked down to my bare feet. The jute carpet made my toes itch. God, my toenails were disgusting. I should paint them so I wouldn’t feel like throwing up whenever I looked down. “I don’t know. I’m sorry, okay?”
Bran walked around the bed to me and put his hands on either side of my face, fingers gently twisting in my tangled, post-sex hair. “Don’t apologize.” He kissed me on the corner of my mouth. “You worry too much. It was fun.”
I closed my eyes and nodded. “Fun,” I repeated, but despite his cavalier attitude, I worried about how what we did would affect our professional relationship. Maybe it would have changed anyway after his big sprite-reveal.
After Bran took me back to my office for my car, I checked my voice mail. Gabby left a long message telling me all about clients and other attorneys who had called and appointments lined up for Monday. An undercurrent of bitterness ran through her words—“I hope you had a nice impromptu day off. Next time, please let me know what’s going on so I don’t blabber like an idiot when people ask me where you are and when you’ll be back in the office. Unless something happened to you,” she added, as though my wellbeing was an afterthought. “In which case, I hope you’re okay.”
Whitney had also called. His message was rambling and pointless. It sounded like he just wanted to chat. I wondered if we were becoming friends.
On my drive home, I thought about calling Whitney and telling him I believed him about Isla and about Joseph and Bran. Though I remembered what Bran had said about it being bad manners to out another fairy, it was too much for me to process on my own.
I screamed at the Friday afternoon traffic and banged my hand on the steering wheel. It was all too much to think about. And I didn’t have anyone to talk with about it, like a fairy bestie who I could gossip with.
I thought about Whitney and Isla again and wondered what exactly Isla was and how much she had in common with Bran. Yeah, of course Bran didn’t try to suck my blood or anything, but he had said that some fairies were bad. I remembered that he didn’t want to talk at all about goblins, assuming they were real too and he wasn’t just messing with me. Maybe Isla was a goblin. It didn’t seem like something that I could Google for a reliable answer.
Then there was Joseph. I owed a duty to him, but I didn’t even understand the first thing about what he was. I would need help understanding it all. Help who wouldn’t take away my fear and pull me into bed. Whitney seemed to be the only one who could even begin to understand this. Or at least, he wouldn’t think I was crazy if I told him all this.
I called him back as soon as I stepped into my house.
“Maddy, hey!” He sounded happy and uncomfortable at the same time. The courtroom gossip was that he was having a breakdown. A few attorneys I knew had been circling him like vultures, wanting to pick off the cases they knew he was going to drop.
“I got your message. How are you doing?”
“My back is getting better. But...” There was an awkward pause as he debated with himself whether to tell me or not. “I’m having nightmares, Maddy.”
I blew out a helpless breath. I was way out of my depth here. Maybe asking for his help with Joseph would be a bad idea. He didn’t seem like he was in a position to help anyone. “I’m sorry, Whitney,” I said, though I didn’t think it meant anything. “Did you talk to William about it?”
“Who?”
“William Frank?”
“I don’t think telling my client that I slept with his wife if the best idea, Maddy.”
I rolled my eyes into my phone. I hadn’t actually meant telling him that part. “You can spare him the details. Make it sound like it happened in court or something. Which reminds me, will you be ready to see her in court next week?”
From his silence, I guessed that he had forgotten about it. “I don’t suppose we can get another reset?” he asked finally.
“Your client still won’t agree to just enter the fucking thing? Ugh, Whitney. Just withdraw. Say you have a conflict of interest. Sleeping with the opposing party probably is.”
“I Googled it,” he said abruptly.
“Googled what? Your ethical obligations?” It was about fucking time Whitney took some responsibility in that department. I checked myself for love bites in my mirror. Maybe I shouldn’t judge.
“What she is. I looked online.”
I almost laughed. “And?”
“I think she’s some kind of spirit called a baobhan sith.”
“A what?”
“It’s a vampire from Scottish folklore or whatever. I know how crazy it sounds.” He sounded like he had only the most tenuous grasp on his mental health.
I took a deep breath. He didn’t need a therapist. He needed someone to take him seriously. I knew I was the only one who could. “Listen, I wanted to know if you wanted to help me out on a case.”
Whitney hesitated. “I just told you about a fucking vampire, and you want to work with me?” he asked in a hiss. “I don’t need a new case. I need a fucking psychologist.”
“No, Whitney, I can really use your help on this one.”
“I don’t need a pity partnership,” he said firmly. “Why me? We hate each other, right?”
“I don’t hate you, Whitney. You said it yourself. We only act like jerks to impress our clients. So why are you acting like this now?”
He sighed. “Forget it, okay?”
“Right, well, I’m here if you want to talk about it.”
“Yeah, okay,” he said sarcastically. It must have been a reflex or something. He apologized a second later.
“About that case, it’s a first degree burglary. A kid tried to take something at a friend’s house. The prosecutor is really trying to nail him for it. They think he might be involved in the case of some missing girl. The one on 23cthe news.”
“Is he? Don’t answer that!” he added quickly. “Yeah, I’ll help. Set up a meeting and let me know.”
“Will do.”
When I got off the phone with Whitney, I checked the time. It was just past four o’clock. I could still put a call through to the jail. Once I heard Joseph on the line, I cut right to the chase.
“I spoke to Bran.”
“So you believe me.” It wasn’t a question.
I wanted to scream into a pillow, but I told Joseph yes. “I don’t know what it all means, but anything you tell me, I’ll believe.”
“No. That’s not right,” he said abruptly. “Don’t trust me over the phone.”
“Okay,” I said warily. It was like a logic puzzle. He told me not to trust what he says over the phone, but he was on the phone when he told me that. “We’re on the phone now,” I told him. The words sounded dumb coming out of my mouth.
“Well, just believe that. Only trust me when I’m in cuffs.”
“What? Why?”
“There’s iron in the cuffs. It burns, but it...” he broke of abruptly. “I can’t say anymore.”
“Why not?”
Joseph hesitated before answering. “I told you, it breaks the magic. The bond between us.”
“Who? You and who?” I felt like an idiot for still not understanding. Preternatural criminal defense had a steep learning curve.
“The victim. Who else would we be talking about? Remember what I told you. About the seal.”
I tried to think back to what he said. Something about the Seal of Solomon. A ring and his tattoo. No, not a tattoo. The scarring Joseph said Zach marked him with. I swallowed bile. “Right,” I said softly.
“So talk to me in person, not on the phone.”
“Okay, fine. I’m bringing in a colleague to work with me on your case.”
“Shit. Why?” It almost sounded like a whine.
“This is a lot for me to process, Joseph!”
“But now I’ve got to convince someone else!”
I almost laughed as I thought about trying to convince Whitney that genies were real. “I’ll handle that part.”
Joseph was unconvinced with my persuasive abilities but agreed to let me bring on help. I told him we would both come see him the coming week and called Whitney back to let him know. “But before we meet, there’s something you should know.”
“What is it?”
“Remember what you said about Isla?”
“How could I forget?”
“I believe you.”
“How could you possibly believe me unless you saw it for yourself? Hell, I saw it myself and I don’t even fucking believe it!”
I hesitated, trying to pick my words carefully. “I’m willing to suspend my disbelief. Is that enough for now? And I’ll ask you to do them same regarding the new case.”
“What? Why?” He sounded both puzzled and pissed off. “What the fuck are you getting me into?”
“Nothing dangerous! Just come by my house tomorrow for breakfast. We’ll discuss it all then.” I figured it’d be better if I waited to see him face to face to explain the more preternatural aspects of the case. That way he couldn’t hang up on me. He still sounded pissed off—I think pissed off and sarcastic was Whitney’s default setting—but he agreed.
I felt like a complete idiot doing it, but without any other leads, I thought maybe Whitney didn’t have a totally terrible idea and went to do a Google search. I wondered briefly if there was any alternative. If I could join a witches’ coven or check out new age shops in Montrose, but I suppose there were no guarantees that their information would be any more reliable than the internet’s.
I looked up everything I could about genies. I found a few things mentioning the Seal of Solomon, the term Joseph had used to describe the scar on his chest. According to legend, it was a ring that King Solomon of Israel used to control genies.
I flipped open the police report on Joseph’s arrest to the picture of Joseph’s scar. There in puffy pink flesh and ink was the same symbol on my computer screen.
According to Joseph, it was this scar and the ring he had tried to find that were allowing Zach to control him. Was I crazy for even thinking that might be true and not that this was some weird joke gone wrong between those two?
I closed my eyes trying to rid myself of the image of Zach holding Joseph down and cutting him, then rubbing ink over the freshly cut skin. I nearly threw up.
“Dear God, what have you done to him?” I whispered to my computer in horror.
I slept fitfully that night. I kept dreaming of oozing wounds and magical demons. And though all my fear and anxiety had been consumed by Bran that day, it all came back at night. It seemed worse too, as though Bran had only built a dam in my mind and it had just been overtopped. I felt awful about everything. About bringing Whitney on the case with Joseph. About staying on Joseph’s case after he made it clear that he didn’t want any help. About blowing off work. And certainly about what I did with Bran.
Chapter 11

The morning came long before I was ready for it, along with Whitney carrying a box of a dozen kolaches. I don’t know how he expected the two of us to eat them all and wondered if he had invited more people.
I brought out coffee and sat him down at my kitchen table.
“So, let’s start with the basics. Why’s he still in jail? Why won’t he bail out?” Whitney asked around a mouth full of an apricot kolache.
The answer to that was probably a lot less basic than he had imagined. “Let’s start with something less complicated.”
Whitney looked confused but didn’t question me. “Okay, so, what are they charging him with?”
“First degree burglary.”
He gave a low whistle. “Damn. I thought you said he just beat up his friend?”
I nodded as I chewed. I slid a copy of the police report over to him and ran through the elements of the crime for him. “They are saying our client Joseph entered the victim’s house without his consent with the intent to commit robbery.” Cheese slid down my chin as I spoke. I never looked dignified eating kolaches.
“You said they were friends, right? So that sounds unlikely. What’s the client saying?”
“He says that Zach, the victim, invited him over to play Xbox. Zach went to the bathroom. Joseph rifled through Zach’s things. Zach came out of the bathroom and hit him. Joseph hit back.”
“But the State is alleging that the accused entered without invitation and with the intent to beat up the victim all along?” Whitney asked. I nodded. “And you believe your client?”
I smiled wryly. Most my criminal clients swore they were innocent. It made for fun times when I told them the police gave me surveillance video of them committing the crime. Yeah, my clients are liars too. “He says he has witnesses who can say they were friends and that Zach frequently invited him over.”
“You think you can sell that story to the jury?”
“I don’t have much of a choice.”
Whitney nodded as he thought it over. All we had to do was poke holes in the prosecutor’s version of the events. “What’s their evidence?” he asked finally. “What makes them so willing to take this to trial? Why won’t they back down at least on some of it?” He listed a few of the prosecutor’s options. “Assault, theft, or even second degree burglary. Why are they sticking to first?”
I gave him half a shrug. “I’m not sure. But I think they are looking for information on Hazel Coronus’s disappearance. You heard of her, right? She was on the news. Local missing girl.”
He nodded. “Right. You mentioned the missing girl. Is there any indication that either of them are involved?”
I started shaking my head, but it turned into a bizarre head tilt with another half a shrug. “Well, not exactly. Just that Hazel is Zach’s ex-girlfriend. I think this is the cops’ way of leaning on Joseph so he turns over on Zach. Word in the prosecutor’s office is that they don’t have any other leads. That they aren’t throwing in any lesser included offenses suggests to me they know Zach is scum and they’re willing to let this whole thing go for the right information.”
“But Joseph’s not playing along?”
“That’s one way of putting it.”
“What do you mean?”
“At first he didn’t even want to fight the case. He just wanted to plead guilty and be done with it.”
“Why didn’t he?”
“I wouldn’t let him,” I said defiantly, as though he had accused me of something. I grabbed another kolache and began picking it apart petulantly. “He didn’t do it like they said he did. Even you can see that.”
“Gee thanks, Maddy.”
“Don’t act offended. You know that’s not what I mean. You’ve been on this case for all of five minutes. I mean, even after just that you can see the holes in the case and you don’t even practice criminal law.”
“Are you sure we’re not missing something? Maybe something you’re not telling me?”
I shoved the kolache in my mouth to avoid answering the question.
Whitney continued talking. “What witnesses will they be calling?” He proceeded to answer his own question as he leafed through my file. “The complaining witness himself, the arresting officer, the nurse who treated him for his injuries. Some other names are listed. High school students. His friends?” I nodded. “And our witnesses?”
I shrugged. “No one was there to see it, but I’ll ask Joseph for people who can vouch for his story that the two are friends and that Joseph probably didn’t break into Zach’s house.”
“Will Joseph testify?”
“Really bad idea,” I sputtered, nearly choking on a mouthful of dough and jam.
“Why? I mean, I know it’s a bad idea generally to have the defendant testify, but he’s the only one who can say it didn’t happen this way. If he’s all we’ve got...”
I sighed. “Okay, Whitney. You have to believe me, I didn’t know about this myself until a few days ago. Not until after Isla...” I drifted off, still not wanting to talk about Isla’s attack on Whitney. He clenched his jaw, and I sensed he didn’t want to talk about her either. “Anyway, I believe you about her. What she did. And that’s she a banshee.”
“Baobhan sith,” he corrected. His eyes narrowed suspiciously as though he thought I was pulling some prank at his expense. I suppose I couldn’t blame him for that. Up until recently, I didn’t trust him either.
“Whitney, please. I’m telling the truth.” I reached for Joseph’s file and ran through the pages until she found the picture of his scar. “Do you know what this is?”
He glanced at it and shrugged. “The Star of David, right? It looks terrible. Did he do it to himself?”
“It’s called the Seal of Solomon.”
“Okay. So?”
“Well, Jews aren’t supposed to get tattoos, right? His family’s pretty religious.”
Whitney didn’t see where I was going with it. Hell, I didn’t know where I was going with it. There wasn’t a good way to tell someone about genies and masters. “It’s a weird way to rebel against your upbringing. I guess that explains why it looks like a homemade job. What does this have to do with the baobhan sith? What does this have to do with anything?”
I started firmly into Whitney’s eyes. “Whitney, if there are baobhan sith, maybe there are other creatures out there too. You asked me before, why you? This is why. Because no one else would believe me. Please believe I’m not lying. Or at least suspend your disbelief for this kid.”
He sat there in silence for a moment, seeming to consider my words. “What are you trying to tell me, Maddy?”
I took a deep breath for courage or something. “I’m trying to tell you that he’s a genie.”
“You’re fucking kidding me, right?”
“He’s a genie,” I repeated, with more strength behind my voice this time. “The Seal of Solomon is what King Solomon used to control the genies. The Seal carved into Joseph’s chest, by the so-called victim, and the ring he tried to find when the victim was in the bathroom is how he’s being controlled.”
Whitney scoffed. “Maddy, I...”
Not wanting to hear how crazy he thought I was, I cut him off. “It’s no less believable than the baoban sith, right?”
He gave a snide snort of laughter. “Why do you believe any of it, anyway? Who’s to say Joseph isn’t just some fucked up kid pulling your leg?”
“You think he did that to himself?” I asked, pointing to the picture of his red and inflamed tattoo. “And you? Should I believe that you did that to yourself? You’re why I believe it. And I’ve got another, er, source.” I said the last part into my coffee mug, half hoping he wouldn’t hear me.
“Excuse me. Source?”
“Someone else. Another, um, preternatural being.”
“Anyone I know? Wait no!” He threw his notepad back into his bag. “I don’t want to know. I don’t want to know any of this. I want to go back to how it was a few days ago before a fucking baoban sith tried to kill me. Back to when we hated each other.”
“Whitney, please. There’s no going back.”
His face showed a mixture of disgust and frustration, like he couldn’t decide whether he wanted to cry or to spit on me. My eyes flicked to the cut on his neck. It was still red and inflamed, but it looked like it was healing. As though he felt my eyes on it, he snapped his hand up to cover it from my gaze.
“Whitney, pretending it didn’t happen won’t make it go away. I’m the only one who will believe you.” I put my hand on his arm and tried to speak gently.
He ripped his hand away like I had burned him and ran out of my house.
I sat there for a minute with my mouth hanging open. I felt like a fool for expecting anything different from Whitney, but I had been desperate. I didn’t want to take Joseph’s case alone, but I couldn’t blame Whitney for freaking out. If my experiences with Bran hadn’t been... positive, I probably would have freaked out too.
I looked to the still mostly full box of kolaches and the breakfast dishes. I wasn’t ready to face anything as mundane as cleaning, so I threw on my running shoes and headed out the door.
A run was exactly what I needed. Long runs were a good way to let go of everything from the past week and start the new one fresh and energized. I lived as close to out in the middle of nowhere as I could get in the sprawl that is Houston’s suburbs, and I enjoyed just running along the narrow isolated roads instead of on the high school track or on a treadmill. And this late October weather was perfect for it. Houston doesn’t exactly have four seasons like other parts of the country are used to. We have hot and oppressive days, mild days, and something approaching cold days, but these days could pretty much happen at any time throughout the year. They say if you don’t like the weather, wait five minutes. Today was in the upper seventies with a light breeze. For now.
 My route took me along bayous and undeveloped land, which I knew meant alligator territory. As long as I kept an eye out for them, it was a good run. Yeah, I’m only half kidding about that. For as long as I’ve lived in Texas, I’d never come across one outside of a zoo or an alligator farm. Not knowingly, anyway. I probably have and just hadn’t noticed. They are good at hiding themselves.
Which was basically what Bran had told me about the fae—that I’d been living my whole life around them but didn’t know they were there or that they even existed. I probably should have been looking out for chupacabras instead of alligators on my runs.
I groaned in frustration and pushed myself to run faster. Running was supposed to clear my head and allow me to stop thinking about fairies and sprites and genies and whatever the hell Isla was. It was supposed to help return my life to normalcy. If I still had the mental energy to think about fairies, I wasn’t running hard enough. And of course, it was then that it started to rain.
I added an extra mile or so to my run and didn’t start trekking home until I could feel my shins throbbing and my shoes were caked in mud.
I cursed myself as I finally hobbled up to my doorstep. I didn’t want shin splints on top of everything else. I knew I had to face the problem head on and couldn’t wait until Monday for a brief chat before court. After a quick shower, I called the county jail and told them to get a conference room ready for me and Joseph to have another meeting.
Chapter 12

Joseph’s guards weren’t happy to open up a conference room on a Saturday. “Must be somebody important for you to be working so hard on the weekend,” the guard remarked.
“Time is pressing,” I told him. “Right to a speedy trial and all that.”
“Yeah, yeah. You’ve got one hour before supper, Fahima.”
Joseph just nodded and moved to sit at the table. He shot me a guarded glance, looking me up and down in my ratty weekend clothes. He was probably wondering either how it was that he had gotten me to believe him or why he was wasting his parents’ money on an attorney who obviously wasn’t good enough to afford new sneakers or jeans without holes. 
The guard moved to close the door and leave when I remembered what Joseph had said to me on the phone the other day. “Wait, Officer,” I called. “Can you cuff Mr. Fahima, please?”
“Cuff him? You don’t trust your own client?”
“No.”
“Sure thing, sweetheart. You want a guard to stay with you?”
I smirked. Yeah, because the guard wouldn’t run and tell the district attorneys everything Joseph and I talk about. “Just the cuffs, please.”
Joseph held his hands out willingly as the guard snapped the cuffs on him.
“How do they feel?” I asked once we were alone.
“Better than enslavement,” he said bitterly, rubbing at his wrists. “Next time, bring some lotion or something instead of asking stupid questions.”  
I reached into my bag and pulled out a half-used bottle of fancy lotion and slid it over to him.
He smirked at the label but slathered it on his hands and wrists nonetheless. “You’re really going to send me back there smelling of jasmine and pink grapefruit?”
“I’m sorry I couldn’t find anything in ‘sweaty feet’ or ‘unwashed man’ scents that might be more popular among the other inmates. Beggars can’t be choosers.” I pulled out two pads of paper and two pens and slid one set to Joseph. “Let’s make the most of this hour the guards so generously gave us. Let’s talk strategy and witnesses.”
He frowned as he sniffed his hands. “Sometimes it’s hard for me to see the point,” he said with a cynical laugh. “Win or lose, I’ve got bigger problems.” He pointed to the left side of his chest. “Genie, remember? Seal of Solomon?”
“Right,” I said flatly. “So you just want to rot in jail then?”
“Well, that was my original plan. I actually thought I could be free from Zach in jail, and believe me, the irony was not lost on me. But he said he’d sell the ring to someone in here.”
I nodded. “Well, that’s why I’m trying to get you out. At least outside you can...”
“What? Wear handcuffs all the time and smell like a fruit stand?” he said, interrupting and rattling the cuffs on his wrists.
“It worked before, didn’t it? Not handcuffs, but the rings or whatever. Whatever iron you were wearing to temporarily break the binding.”
He sighed and rubbed at the red welts on his wrists. “I wish there was a better way.”
“Is there?” I asked naively. “I mean, if there’s a way to bind you, surely there’s a way to unbind you, right?”
He looked up at me, half defensive and half curious. “You learned about genies, what, three days ago? You think you know more than I do already?”
“No, but you don’t seem to know much either, no offense. Don’t you think that maybe there is someone who knows more? Someone who might be able to help?”
“And you think that person’s you?”
I gave him a withering look. “No,” I said again. “But it looks like I’m all you’ve got. Well, me and Bran, I guess. Were you this rude to him when he gave you my card?”
Joseph scoffed. “Yeah, I’m sure he’ll know what to do. He looks like a real scholar there.”
Bran had admitted as much—that he didn’t think he knew anything that would be helpful to Joseph. Still, I felt like I was drowning in this alone and would take all the help I could get. I gave Joseph a small smile. “He got me to believe you, if nothing else.”
He said nothing.
“Look, this case, the criminal law,” I nodded to the jailhouse outside our comfy consultation room, “this is all I know. This I can do. This I can help you with. Your other problems—fairy, master, genie—you’re right. I don’t know anything about that. I know I can help you with one problem, but that’s the easy one. The other one, genies and whatever, I can only try. It’s better than giving up.”
He scoffed and looked like he was about to argue with me. I ignored him and continued with my speech.
“So if you let me help you with the problem that I understand, I promise to try with what I don’t understand. Do we have a deal?”
He scowled, powerless to do anything else in his situation, but nodded. I hated being his only hope as much as he did.
“Great. So let’s get started on your case. At least there I know what I’m talking about. The easy solution is to roll on Zach. I’m pretty sure the cops just want information on Hazel’s disappearance. If you can give them that, they might drop these charges. Or at least, let you plead to something lesser.”
He shook his head. “I can’t.”
“Can’t what?”
“Give you information about Hazel.”
I took a deep breath. “Joseph, that’s your ticket out of here.”
“Zach ordered me not to tell anyone. It’s not like making a pinky swear with someone. I literally can’t say anything about it.”
“What about iron?” I asked, tapping his handcuffs. “Doesn’t that undo the binding?”
“Yes and no. I can break temporarily break the spell, but then Zach will know something is up. That will make things worse for me.”
“What can he do? He’ll be in jail.”
He shook his head. “He’ll get out on bail before his trial. Like you want me to do. Besides, I don’t think there’s anything for me to tell.”
“What does that mean?”
He looked at me through narrowed eyes. “I thought you didn’t want to know about Hazel.”
I shrugged. “That was then. Things have changed. I want to know if you have information that you can use to barter your way out of this. Do you?”
He thought about it for a moment then shook his head. “No. There’s nothing I can say that can help her.”
I took another deep breath and tried to ignore the fact that he was still hiding things from me. “Fine. Then plan B—we fight the charges. Burglary in the first. The problem that both the prosecutors and we have is that there were only two witnesses—you and Zach. Both of you are going to be perceived as potentially biased.”
“I’m not lying!” Joseph said, offended.
I held up my hands in protest. “I know, Joseph. I’m just saying how the jury will think. You have motivation to lie. So we need to look at circumstantial evidence—something from which the jury can infer that our version of the events is more probable. We just need reasonable doubt.
“So, tell me about the day of your arrest. What happened? Give me details. Start from when you got to school.”
“It was a normal day, I guess,” he began with a listless shrug. “People talking about Hazel, and me trying to avoid Zach. After last period, he came to my locker and told me he wants me to come over to his house after school.”
“Does he come to your locker often?”
“Sometimes.”
“Where is your locker located?”
“I don’t know. In the hall.”
I rolled my eyes. “Well, right. That’s usually where they put the lockers. But is it near any classrooms?”
“A few.”
“Give me the names of the teachers of those classrooms.”
Joseph thought for a few seconds then wrote down some names. “There, I think their classrooms are closest, but I don’t know if the teachers saw anything.”
“I should talk to them anyway. What about other students who have a locker near you? I’d like to talk to them too. Write down their names and what year they’re in. Whether they’re a freshman, sophomore, whatever. Anything you can tell me to help me identify them. Give me the names of some friends too. People who know you have been spending time with Zach.”
Joseph nodded and continued writing. When he set his pencil down, I continued. “Let’s get back to the afternoon of your arrest. How did you get to Zach’s? Did you drive? Take the bus? What?”
“We walked.”
“Did you see anyone on the way?”
He shook his head. “Zach’s house is really close to the school, so we didn’t really get a chance to see anyone.”
“What about neighbors?”
He shook his head again. “Not that I noticed.”
“Okay, what happened when you got to Zach’s?”
“We played some Xbox, and he wanted to talk about Hazel.”
“And you don’t want to talk about that because you don’t want to roll over on Zach.” I rolled my eyes to show my extreme frustration that he didn’t want to land that asshole in jail. “So we fight the burglary charge.” I rattled off some of the elements to him, the ones that would be the State’s weakest points. “Intent, breaking, and did you start it. So, at this point, if this is our strategy, I don’t need to know anything about Hazel.”
He looked at me with a mixture of shock and disgust on his face. “You don’t care?”
As a criminal defense attorney, it can be hard to explain my job to people in social settings. Most of the time, the gory details of my job don’t make for good party conversations. And then there are the uncomfortable questions—people judging me and asking how I can live with myself after helping people get away with doing such bad things. I have no simple answer to that. Nothing that can be said over a few drinks to someone I’d just met.
I tell myself that a society is judged by how it treats the least amongst us. Who is less than the guy just accused of raping and murdering his girlfriend? That’s how I feel good about doing what I do. I just never thought I’d have to answer to a client for it. I guess that’s what comes from representing the truly innocent—I’d be there to help them, but they wouldn’t be able to stand me.
“Of course I care. Someone’s missing. Maybe dead or in danger. How can I not care?” I hoped sounded sincere. “But my goal is to help you. You need help too. If you don’t want to roll on Zach, then Hazel’s irrelevant. And if you care, if there’s anything you can say or do to help her, you would. So let’s move on. After you talked about Hazel, what happened?”
“He went to the bathroom. I started looking for the ring. It was stupid. But he wasn’t wearing it to play, so...”
“Then what happened?”
Joseph dabbed at his eyes gingerly. He must have still been hurting from the fight the other day. “He came out and punched me. I hit him back. For a few minutes, we were going at it. But I never stood a chance. I don’t know how to fight, and Zach’s a huge football player. I fell to the ground, and he kicked me. I thought he was going to keep going. I wanted him to keep going. I thought maybe, I don’t know. Maybe this would end it, and I wouldn’t have to be his slave anymore.”
I bit my lip. I was a practical person and not very good with emotions. I never knew how to react when someone opened up to me and felt even less equipped to deal with a genie with a death wish. “We can fight this, Joseph,” I said in what I hoped was a gentle tone.
He didn’t seem to want my gentle words. He clenched his jaw and looked anywhere but at me. After a moment, he cleared his throat and continued. “Next thing I knew, his mother came into the room screaming at me. She called the cops. I tried to run, but, well, Zach’s a big guy and I was pretty badly hurt already.”
“What happened when the police arrived?”
“What’s in the report? Zach and his mom said I broke into the house and attacked Zach. Zach said I was looking for the ring. The police searched me. When they found it, it confirmed Zach’s story.”
I nodded. “I saw a picture of it in evidence. But what happened after that? What changed your mind about the case?”
He shrugged, but the corner of his mouth twitched up. “The food’s pretty bad here.”
I wasn’t laughing.
“Maybe I was being a little melodramatic.”
“You think?”
“I had some time to think about it. Jail is like that. And Zach came to visit me and told me he’d sell the ring. I don’t have a choice but to fight it because I’m not going to be able to wear my fancy, stainless steel jewelry in prison.”
He stopped and sat there looking past me as though lost in thought. “If I tell the cops where she is, you think they’ll drop these charges?” he asked, breaking the silence.
“Yes, I do. Or give you a lighter sentence if you’ll testify against Zach.”
Joseph bit his lip and thought about it. “I can’t help her now,” he said. “And telling the police will only solve part of my problem. I’ll be doubly screwed if I finger him and then he isn’t convicted.”
I nodded. That was a possibility. “How strong is your evidence against Zach?”
“You tell me: will a jury buy ‘he ordered his genie to do it?’”
“No,” I said quietly.
“Then that’s not an option.”
I nodded again. He was right. Though I was certain the prosecutors were overcharging him to get information on Hazel, this wasn’t an option for Joseph. He wouldn’t be able to pin this on Zach because no one believed in magic and genies. No one but me.
I cleared my throat. “You’ll have a hearing to reduce bail soon. You can get out then and cover yourself in hardware until we find a more permanent solution.”
He frowned. “I don’t think that’s such a good idea.”
“Didn’t we have this conversation before?” I furrowed my brow in frustrated confusion. “We had a deal—you do what you’re told with the trial and I’ll help you with the other stuff. Are you backing out already? Do you have so little faith in me?”
“It’s not that, but what good is getting out if I still have to answer to Zach? Just let me avoid this problem for as long as I can. Or until you can find a way how to get me out of that too.”
I didn’t like what he was saying, but I understood it. “The next step you have to worry about is the arraignment. Do you know what that means?”
He nodded lazily. “I’ve learned a bit since I’ve been here. It’s where I plead guilty or not guilty.”
“Basically. And as I tried to explain, I can’t let you plead guilty. The facts as you told me them aren’t burglary. I can’t let you lie to the court.”
“Okay, so not guilty.”
“Good boy.”
He frowned and played with his handcuffs. He shot me a questioning glance before asking the question that was plaguing him. “I heard something in jail about nolo contendere. What’s that mean?”
I bit my lip, wondering nervously about where he was going with that question. “It’s another type of plea.” I danced around the answer, trying to bore him with it until he would lose interest. “It’s really a technical thing useful if you’re worried about a civil trial later. But I wouldn’t worry about that because you’re pleading not guilty, right?”
He grunted. “They told me it was something where I accepted the charges but wouldn’t have to allocute. Is that the right word?”
Fucking jailhouse pretend lawyers. They give just the right amount of information to be dangerous. “Yeah,” I said reluctantly. “It means you wouldn’t have to go through the facts with the judge.”
“The judge would convict me just because I accept there is evidence against me?”
“Yeah,” I said through gritted teeth. “Joseph, this isn’t right. You didn’t commit burglary. You can fight this.”
“And then what?” He shook his shackled wrists. “Am I supposed to remain in iron for the rest of my life? I tried that. It doesn’t work.”
“Prison won’t be any better. You said yourself that Zach’ll sell the ring. We’ll figure something out. I told you I’ll do everything I can to help. We can figure out a way to break this curse or whatever.”
He slumped down in his seat again. “It’s not a curse. It’s who I am.”
Chapter 13

Monday morning was the reset on Isla’s divorce. I was glad to get it all over with and hoped to get a chance to talk to Whitney again about what happened over the weekend, but when I arrived at the courtroom, I learned that Whitney had persuaded Mr. Frank to waive his appearance and hadn’t even shown up himself.
“Why did he through all that trouble if he wasn’t even going to come?” Isla asked me. Though she was millions of dollars richer than she had been a five minutes ago, she still looked pissed off.
I shrugged and tried to look both nonchalant and puzzled. “I don’t know. Men, right?”
She grunted at me, which could have meant anything from her agreement to, in my paranoid mind, her suspicion that I knew what she had done to Whitney and that I would be next. I tried to smile innocently, but I saw her for the first time as a predator—someone who had hurt people to get what she wanted. And if she did that to Whitney, who knew what she had done to her ex-husbands?
She slipped on a pair of oversized sunglasses and left the courthouse. I hoped she wouldn’t call me for her next divorce, and not just because I didn’t want to drive up to Montgomery County for it. I’d had enough of genies, sprites, and baobhan sith or whatever the fuck she was.
In the lobby, I spotted a lawyer I knew to be a friend of Whitney and tried to flag him down. I felt a bit awkward as I waived to him and the other lawyer he was talking to. We weren’t friendly. I didn’t even know their names. “I wanted to know if you’ve heard from Whitney,” I tried to sound casual and friendly. “He was supposed to be opposing me on this case, but his client waived his appearance and he never showed up.”
The attorney gave a slight shake of his shoulders. “So?”
“I don’t know. It just had me worried.” I dropped my voice. “I’ve been hearing things about him, and I just wanted to make sure he’s all right.”
“He’s fine,” he said shortly and turned back to his friend. He probably thought he was being a loyal friend to Whitney and that I had just wanted the dirt. I’d heard other lawyers talking about how he had shown up disheveled to court and how his arguments had become rambling. Some suspected he was an alcoholic.
“I’m glad he has good friends who look after him.” I didn’t mean it to sound sarcastic, but it probably did. Whitney’s friend made no effort to hide his gestures in my direction as I left.

When I arrived at my office, Gabby handed me a message from Mazel. “She seemed pretty upset. She wants to know why Joseph’s still in jail.”
“Because even if there were hearings to reduce bail over the weekend, Joseph doesn’t want out.” I said through clenched teeth. “Can you call her and suggest she take it up with her son?” I had other things to do with my morning and didn’t want to spend the time playing counselor to the Fahima family.
Looking a bit afraid of my mood, Gabby nodded. I went to my office to review the proposed final orders in another divorce case that opposing counsel had just sent over, but not even fifteen minutes later, Gabby poked her head in my office.
“I called Mazel. She really wants to talk to you.”
I groaned dramatically and ran my hands through my hair. Or at least, I tried to. I had put my hair up that morning, trying to be professional for my court appearance, and my hand got tangled and pulled my sleek bun into a rat’s nest. I pulled out the last remaining bobby pins and shook it out. “Fine,” I muttered to Gabby. “Put her through.”
“She said she wants to talk to you in person,” Gabby said with the air of a doctor telling me my loved one’s surgery hadn’t gone well. “I scheduled her for this afternoon.” When I said nothing, she added “she says she knows something that will help you with the case.”
“Well, I hoped it wouldn’t just be a social call,” I said darkly. Ordinarily, I wouldn’t be so upset to have multiple and repetitive meetings and calls with clients and their mothers as long as they paid me. For the Fahimas, however, every encounter threated to overtax my ability to believe in the impossible. But at least I was pretty sure, at least, that Mazel wasn’t going to tell me that she was a mermaid or anything, because I didn’t see how that would be relevant to her son’s case.
“Sorry,” I said to Gabby. The guilty look on her face made me feel bad for my reaction. “It’s all right. I think I remember telling her last week to come in sometime.”
I finished reading the opposing counsel’s proposed orders and sent them off to my client with a note reminding him that once he signed them and sent them back to my office, he’d be one step closer to being free of his crazy soon-to-be ex, only in nicer, more professional language. Joseph’s case and his family made me appreciate the straightforward cases all the more, even when dealing with the petty squabbling.

By the time Holly arrived for our tennis game that day, I was already on the court angrily whacking balls across the net. I tried to pretend that each ball was just another obstacle or thing to be frustrated over—magic, fairies, Joseph’s unwillingness to bail out, the charges against him, his mother’s neediness, and sleeping with Bran—that I was throwing aside, but it didn’t work. I was as pissed off as I was when I had started.
“You okay?” Holly asked with a raised eyebrow as she approached the court.
“Smacking balls feels good.” I grunted as I let another ball fly.
Holly quirked her lips. “Stressed?” she asked mildly.
“A bit.”
“I’m nervous,” she said as she took out her racket. “It is opposing counsel again?”
I gritted my teeth as I thought of Whitney—the only person who might be in a position to help me, and his stubborn refusal to do so. “Him and clients and...” I trailed off as Holly took her position across the court.
“I’m having a rough week too,” she said in a clipped tone. “Matthew has a concert coming up.”
“Oh?” Not having kids or knowing others who were musical prodigies, I didn’t really know what the significance of it was or why it had her irritable. 
“It’s through the Houston Symphony. It’s a showcase thing for the local talented kids. It’s sort of a big deal. Family will be coming in to see it.”
“Right,” I said, remembering her ex-husband. “I take it Allen will be there?”
She nodded.
“Oh,” I said again, this time as an indicator that I had absolutely nothing left to say about him and no more words of encouragement or advice. So we played, the both of us as aggressive as we’d ever been. Like I had told her, smacking balls around feels good when the world makes you think that you’re losing your sanity.
But after the game, we’d go back to being best friends, and we’d have to talk about our feelings and what got us so pissed off over lunch in the club’s overpriced cafeteria. As I couldn’t talk openly with Holly without her thinking I was delusional, it wasn’t something I was looking forward to. Still, at least I felt marginally better drenched in sweat and drained of energy.
“So, any particular reason why you wanted to decapitate me with the ball today?” she asked as we sat down with our lunches. There weren’t many rock climbers to look at today. Just a guy with a mountain man beard and a few college aged kids. “You were really rough today.”
“That’s what she said,” I grumbled.
Holly rolled her eyes at me, but I could tell she was trying not to laugh.
“I slept with a client,” I blurted out.
Outside of cheesy sitcoms, I’d never seen anyone do a spit take before, but Holly had to reach for her napkin to catch all the water drippling down her chin. I tried to change the subject while she was preoccupied. “So Matthew’s concert. You must be really proud.”
She shook her head. “Nah uh. You’re not getting out of telling me about this.”
I wrinkled my nose in self-disgust. “So, I slept with a client. Bad idea, right?”
She bit her lip as she tried to find a nice way to tell me I was an idiot. “Just to clarify, is this the same client you were telling me about last week? The one who slept with opposing counsel?”
“No! Thank God!” She had stumbled on the only scenario that could have possibly been worse than my reality.
She shook her head. “You lawyers are so depraved, boning your clients. Shame!” She softened her words with a playful smile, but she was right. I hung my head in shame.
“Oh come on, Maddy! It can’t be that bad! What’s he a property owner who found oil and wants to sell his mineral rights? Or maybe someone with a startup who wants help organizing his business?”
It amused me that Holly thought my love life and law practice were that classy. Though it was on the bar exam however many years ago, I’d forgotten everything I’d ever learned about oil and gas law. Thankfully there was enough crime and divorce for me to keep my doors open without having to turn to unsavory business types to earn myself a living. “No, he’s a criminal client.”
Her eyes grew comically wide. “Yikes!”
I nodded. “That about sums it up.”
“Maybe he was wrongfully accused?” she asked helpfully.
I snorted a laugh. “Not a chance.”
She took a deep breath. “Okay, so why?” she asked in a measured tone. Then her voice dropped as she hissed at me. “What the fuck were you thinking?!”
“Well, clearly, I wasn’t. And like your choice in men is so much better. What did you get in your divorce? Was it the Mercedes or the clap?”
She composed herself and placed her napkin on her lap all ladylike. “I’ve learned a lot since then.”
“I know. I’m sorry, all right?”
“You can make it up to me by taking me shopping later. I need to buy an incredible dress for the concert. One that will say to Allen ‘this is what you gave up.’ And speaking of life mistakes, Maddy, did you have something more you wanted to share?”
“Can I just tell you what happened without the judgment? Because believe me, I’m judging myself enough already.”
She grinned mischievously and shook her head, enjoying my discomfort. She and Bran would get along. “I make no promises. Spill.”
I did. At least about the non-preternatural parts. I told her about how he had been my client for years, and yeah, I had always thought he was hot. And about how we got drinks together and got carried away. I left out the parts about day drinking at Hooters and me skipping work. “And I just don’t know what happens now,” I said as an ending to my story. “Can we go back to how things were?”
She puzzled over the question for a moment. “Do you want to?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, do you want something more with him? Because it sounds to me that how you left it with him—that you both agreed it was a mistake, even if enjoyable—is pretty clean. It doesn’t sound like you need to dwell on it. But you are. So that tells me that’s not what you want.”
I hated that she knew me so well. “What about his criminal past?” Not to mention his criminal present and near certain criminal future. I wasn’t stupid enough to think he could change for me, even if he hadn’t been a sprite.
She grimaced uneasily. “Yeah, there’s that. I’m assuming you wouldn’t sleep with this guy if it was something really bad, right? Something non-violent or petty? Like a pot charge or using the tram without paying?”
“You know I can’t talk about that, but yeah. Non-violent definitely.”
She nodded as though trying to convince herself of what she was about to say. “Just because someone ran afoul of the law doesn’t make them a bad person. That they shouldn’t be shut out from parts of society the way they are, even after prison or jail or whatever. That’s what you always say. You’d be pretty hypocritical if you thought this guy wasn’t good enough for you just because he got a DWI or something.”
I shook my head. “I’m not telling you what it was.”
“It doesn’t matter,” she said and continued with her lecture. “I joked about your judgment before, but the fact is, it’s better than mine. It always has been. You never liked Allen. You saw right through him in college. Your good judgment is why I went through a divorce—though I’m cured of gonorrhea, thank you very much—leaving me with no way to support myself, and you’re a big time, successful lawyer.”
I frowned. I liked it better when she was judging me. “A lawyer who’s sleeping with her criminal client,” I added.
“Maybe,” she drew the word out to indicate her suggestion might be a stretch, “he’s what you need right now. I mean, not that you need to shoplift or sell alcohol to minors or whatever it was that he did. But maybe you need someone a little reckless. To balance out your...careful demeanor.”
I suspected she was about to say “uptight.” “Well, that’s one way to spin it.”
“Would you rather beat yourself up about it?”
“Yes,” I snapped. But then I thought it over. “I’m scared, Holly. I don’t want to fuck up my professional career, but I feel drawn to him.”
She reached out and held my hand. “I’d be scared too.”
I frowned again at her honesty, but maybe I needed to hear it. This is why she was my best friend. Maybe, despite my bad judgment and all, Bran and I had been adult about it. We had left things without anyone being hurt. If we wanted to go back to how thing were, maybe we could. And if I wanted to explore what being with him would be like, that might be an option too. I didn’t have to decide anything there and wondered if this was the sort of place Bran had mocked me for belonging to.
Still, I wished Holly would have just told me to dump his ass.
Chapter 14

When I arrived back at my office that afternoon, Gabby told me that Bran had called and held out the note for me. I looked down in case I was blushing. “What did he say?”
“Just checking in on his cases.”
I wanted to grill her with superficial questions—how long ago did he call and is it too soon to call back now? Did he sound disappointed that I was out? Did he mention anything else?—but tried to play it cool. I went around to the mini fridge by her desk, pulled out a Coke for myself, and took a sip while I pretended to ponder what she had told me. “Is that all?” I asked finally.
She looked up at me and saw right through me. She grinned broadly. “Kennedy’s that hot one with all the tattoos, right?” She hummed and snatched the message out of my reach. “Something going on there? He’s in here an awful lot.”
“That’s because he’s in trouble an awful lot.” I reached over to grab the note and called him from the privacy of my office, shutting the door first. I heard Gabby’s frustrated groan from the other side. I yelled at her to get back to work before dialing his number.
“Hi Bran, my secretary told me that you called and wanted an update on your case. I filed a motion to dismiss last week, but we won’t get a ruling until the State gets a chance to respond.”
“Yeah, you know I’m not so worried about that. Being a sprite and all.”
“Right. I forgot the magic will pretty much defend you itself. What’s my role again?”
“Well, I need someone behind the wheel.”
“I think you mean to say ‘Thanks, Maddy, for all your hard work on all my cases and protecting my freedom so vigilantly.’”
“Yeah, that too. But that’s not why I called. I wanted to see you.”
“Why, have you been arrested again?” I asked without thinking. I cringed at my inability to keep my foot out of my mouth, but maybe it was for the best. Pissing him off might help establish boundaries between us.
“No,” he said, not sounding hurt by my accusation. “I thought maybe you’d have more questions for me. I know it’s a lot to process.”
“Oh, right,” I said, realizing only then that I was disappointed that he didn’t have something involving less clothing in mind, and, immediately following that realization, kicking myself all over again for jumping into my client’s bed. I ran the cold can of Coke over my forehead to try to quell my hormones. Really, I was glad that he had asked. I did have more questions. “Actually, yeah, I do. Why don’t you come by for lunch tomorrow?”
“Yeah, all right. I’ll bring Chinese.”
“Great. See you tomorrow around noon.”
I hung up and hung my head in embarrassment as I wondered what was wrong with my life. I had just invited a criminal—my client whom I had slept with—to my office to discuss fairytales. And I thought it was appropriate to have this discussion over Chinese take-out.
I didn’t have any more time to wallow in my shame before Gabby called to tell me Mazel was here to see me. I put the thoughts of my upcoming meeting with Bran—and whether it would bring nookie or fairytales—out of mind and told Gabby to send her in.
“Have a seat. Can I get you anything to drink?”
Mazel shook her head. “No, please. Let us just talk. I didn’t get a chance to thank you for what you’ve already done for Joseph.”
“I’m just doing my job,” I mumbled, wishing she would cut to the chase. “Gabby said you might have something to help the case,” I prompted.
Mazel took a deep breath and settled herself on a small sofa I kept in my office for naps, getting herself comfortable for what I feared would be a long story. “Yes, I think I do. I know you told me that what I tell you won’t be confidential, but I’m hoping you can still keep a secret.”
I shook my head uneasily. “I told you I can’t keep anything from Joseph,” I said and wondered uneasily why she would want me to.
“It’s not that,” she said quickly. “It’s not something he doesn’t already know. Well, not exactly. He doesn’t know the details, but he must suspect something. I mean, can you keep it secret from other people? Not that anyone would believe you anyway,” she added as a cynical afterthought.
I nodded, nervous but intrigued. “Of course. I’m bound to keep anything I learn through the course of representing Joseph confidential. So what you tell me might fall under that.”
“When Joseph was younger...” she stopped herself. “No, before that.”
Yep, long story. I nodded and smiled but wanted to scream. Lawyers have the gift of gab but listening was frequently much harder.
Her voice took on a dreamy quality as she began her story. “For many years, Omri and I tried to have a child. No luck. I had two miscarriages, and when I became pregnant a third time, I was overjoyed but very cautious. I followed all the doctor’s orders and my mother-in-law’s suggestions. I prayed all the time for a healthy baby.”
She shook her head sadly. “When I was only a few weeks pregnant, I lost the baby. I started bleeding, and I didn’t know what to do. Omri was called away for his work, and I was left at home alone. I laid on my bed and cried until the bleeding stopped.
“When it was over, I went to go visit my sister one village over. At that time, we lived in a small village in the Negev in the south of Israel. On my way to my sister’s, I got caught in a sandstorm.”
Growing up in Texas, I knew sandstorms. A little part inside of me thought they were beautiful the way the turned the sky orange, but I knew they were dangerous. Especially in places less developed than the Houston metropolitan area, which is how I imagined the middle of nowhere, Israel to be.
“I pulled over to wait it out. I was stupid,” she said, cursing herself. “I shouldn’t have gone in the first place. I’d heard warnings about the storm. But I was scared more scared of being alone.
“There was a man walking in the storm. I know here in America, people are conditioned to fear strangers on the side of the road. In Israel, hitchhiking is much more common. I was scared for him with no shelter in the storm. I drove over to him and asked if he was all right. He said his home wasn’t far but that the storm was coming fast. Faster than either of us had anticipated. He said I wouldn’t want to be caught in my car in the storm. He invited me to his home if I’d give him a ride, and he promised he wouldn’t hurt me.”
I shivered when she said this. It was something I’d read in a book about women’s intuition—a promise from a stranger that he wouldn’t hurt you meant that the stranger was thinking about hurting you. The promise was never a reassuring sign.
“His eyes were glowing red. I thought it was a trick of the light. That way sandstorms make everything red. Or maybe I didn’t want to believe at first. Things like that didn’t happen in real life. But it was like a fire glowing in his eyes, and I realized what he was. He was a shedh. Do you know that word?”
“I’m learning,” I said evasively.
“It’s like a spirit or a guardian angel. You think I’m crazy, don’t you?” Her voice lost the otherworldly tone.
I quirked my lips. “I’ve seen a lot of crazy over the past few days.”
“Has Joseph told you?”
I shrugged uneasily. “Mazel, you don’t have to tell me all of this if you don’t want to. Just tell me about Joseph.”
“I am,” she said calmly. “I know you don’t believe in these things anymore. Not in America where you have everything you want at the tips of your fingers. Who needs guardian angels when you have Amazon and Netflix? But in my village—even in Israel in the twenty-first century—down there we were far from modernization, and it’s easier to believe.
“Once I was able to let myself believe, I knew I was safe. A shedh can’t lie to a human,” she explained. “They can trick you and twist the truth, but they cannot tell a lie. And he swore no harm would come to me. In fact, I’d be in his debt if I helped him in the storm. So I let him in my car.
“The man directed me to his home. He took me down a small side road into a mountain pass. On the way, he got me to open up and confide in him. I told him all my troubles, and he listened. Maybe he was looking for a way to try to repay his debt.
“He told me to turn at a small dirt road that led between the mountains that I surely would have missed. I drove over the bumpy path and worried about what the stones and sand would do to my car. But after a few moments, he stopped me and told me that his home was there, in a cave, and that I should go there to wait out the storm.”
She blushed slightly and looked down shaking her head. “What you must think of me, going to a strange man’s home?”
I shook myself out of her fanciful story. “I wasn’t... I don’t...” I stammered.
She smiled wanly. “I know it’s not a big deal here, now. But where I’m from originally, before I came to Israel, things are different. We were more modest. We didn’t go to the homes of strange men alone.” She drifted for a moment then found herself. “But I felt safe. I knew what he was, and I knew he wouldn’t hurt me.
“I told you this was a fairytale, so you can guess what his cave looked like. The walls were draped in tapestries, making his cave look like a tent. Bright lamps hung from the ceiling and the walls. Plush carpets covered the floor. I sat on some soft cushions on the floor, and he brought me tea and a plate of fruit and nuts. As I sat and drank, I marveled that I could hardly hear the wind howling outside.”
Mazel pursed her lips together and fell silent for a minute. “I don’t suppose I need to tell you what happened next?” she asked wryly. “I had told him about Omri’s and my struggles to have a child, and he told me he could make it all happen. No one would ever know about the miscarriage or that this man, the shedh, would be the child’s father. So,” she said simply, “nine months later Joseph came.
“I never told Omri the truth. No one really concerned themselves that the pregnancy was longer than expected. I was worried about it, though. I can’t quite explain it. When I was with the shedh, I felt as though I’d never be able to hide the truth from anyone. As though I’d never be able to cover it with a lie. A shedh can’t lie, and I felt bound in the same way. But when he was gone, that feeling disappeared too and I had no problem saying that Omri was Joseph’s father.
“When Joseph grew older, I worried that people would begin to suspect. People said he had a charmed life. Whatever he wanted, whatever he wished for, he got. Good things happened to his friends, and bad things to the people he did not like. Nothing malicious. Joseph wouldn’t do anything to really hurt anyone. Just bad luck. A flat tire on their bike. A broken window. A bite from a stray cat.
“Eventually, we moved to America. Omri and I had wanted to move for a long time, but we didn’t think it was possible. Omri didn’t have the right job or connections. But Joseph wished we would move, so we did. Whatever he wants, he gets.” She held out her open hands as though exasperated from using those words to describe everything indescribable in her life. “Has Joseph told you that he is a shedh?”
How could we use these words—demon, genie, and shedh—like they referred to everyday things like squirrels or turkey vultures? I nodded. “Joseph said something about...” I trailed off. “Why did you tell me this?” I was uncomfortable that this woman who I barely knew had confided in me her deepest secret of having an extramarital affair with a preternatural being. Maybe no other human knew the story she told me.
She gave a tired smile. “Because my son’s in trouble, and I thought this might help his case. Because you’re my son’s lawyer, and that means you can’t tell anyone. Because this is America in the twenty-first century and no one will believe you if you did tell. Because the secret has been weighing on my soul for eighteen years, and I can’t keep it to myself anymore.” She shrugged as though apologizing for the burden she laid at my feet.
“He’s afraid of what he is and what we’ll think. That’s why he wants to stay in jail. That’s why he didn’t want to fight his case. I figured you should know. This might explain his behavior and why he doesn’t act like one of your usual clients.
“Please tell him we love him. We tell him, but he doesn’t understand. That’s the secret I was hiding—that I know all my son’s secrets and I love him anyway. Please tell him we’ll support him no matter what.”
I nodded. It was all could offer her.
She took a deep, cleansing breath, and her face broke into a warmer, more carefree smile. “I feel lighter having told you. I’ve been carrying that secret for years. It was a heavy burden to bear alone.”
“Did you ever see Joseph’s father again?”
She shook her head but then stopped herself. “Maybe. It’s as though I think I see him in a crowd, or that he just turned a corner in front of me. But when I get closer, I see it’s someone else. Sometimes I like to think he is looking out for Joseph. I know nothing about being a shedh, and sometimes I like to think that there is someone there to help guide him. Other times it frightens me.”
I nodded as though I actually understood the paradox. “Do you know anything about how a shedh can get free?”
She looked at me blankly. “You mean other than posting bail?”
I shook my head. I tried to phrase it as though it were only an academic question and not betray anything Joseph had told me about his situation. “If a shedh had a master, how would he get out of that relationship?”
She laughed lightly and shook her head. “You’ve been watching too much television.” It almost sounded like she was chiding me. “In Judaism, the shedhim, like all intelligent creatures, have free will.”
I frowned. Joseph’s scars told a different story. I looked down at my desk in fear my face would give anything away. “My apologies. I have a lot to learn.”
“We all do,” she said with a sad smile. “It’s not like there is a lot known about them. Even in my faith, who knows what is true? And who would believe it anyway?”
Chapter 15

Before lunch with Bran the following day I had an uncomfortable feeling of nervousness in the pit of my stomach, like I was getting ready for a first date or a job interview. He came by around noon carrying a bag of Chinese take-out, and Gabby felt the need to show him the way from the waiting room and down the short hall to my office. Not because he didn’t know the way—we’d had several meetings together to talk about trial strategies for his numerous arrests—but to shame me with a wagging finger and playful grin behind Bran’s back and gloat that she had seen this coming.
“Thank you, Gabby,” I said, shutting the door firmly in her face.
“Should I hang a sock on the doorknob?” she asked loudly.
A cute, little dimple appear on Bran’s cheek as he spread take-out containers on my desk. He must have loved Gabby’s teasing and my embarrassment.
“I didn’t tell her anything,” I said as I sat across from him and started serving myself. 
He just shrugged. “Maybe she can smell the pheromones.”
My cheeks burned. I quickly tried to change the topic. “How do you know Joseph?”
“The first rule of fairy club is that you don’t talk about fairy club.”
I paused with my chopsticks hovering in the air halfway between my face and my moo goo gai pan. “Come on, Bran!”
He laughed at me. “Sometimes we can spot each other. It’s like gaydar maybe. He saw me at the movies one day. He was a young and confused genie. I was an older, wiser, more experienced sprite. It’s like the premise of a bodice ripper.”
I rolled my eyes at him. “What were you seeing?”
“The Thief of Bagdad.”
“You’re joking, right?” I was beginning to think I couldn’t take anything he said seriously, which would mean this whole lunch would be a waste of time.
He shook his head. “One of those trendy bars near the university was showing it.”
“And he just came up to you and said what?”
He gestured to the winged heart on his forearm. “He said he liked my tattoo. That’s why I have it. It’s an awkward conversation to start without it.”
I furrowed my brows for a minute in thought. “How did Joseph even know what that meant?”
Bran shrugged. “I guess I’m not the first fairy he met.”
“So what do you know about him?”
“Not much. We only met a few times.”
I tried to hide my disappointment, but the feeling that this meeting was going to be useless grew. “You’ve never met any other genies?”
“Not that I know of. I can tell if someone’s fae sometimes, but not what they are.”
“So how am I supposed to find out about him? Joseph’s not...well, it’s like even he doesn’t know enough to be helpful.”
“I don’t know. Have you tried Google?”
I looked at him in annoyed disbelief. Yep, this was a waste of my time. I remembered what Mazel had said to me the day before about watching too much television. “You mentioned that I should research legends, but Joseph’s mom didn’t seem to put much faith in those stories. I asked her about genies having masters, and she said it was just the stuff of stories.”
He shrugged. “It could be. I told you I don’t know the specifics.”
I shook my head slowly. “No, it’s true. Joseph has a master. I think his master used him to try to kill his girlfriend.”
“Damn,” Bran said breathlessly, the word barely conveying the horror he felt. “What happened?”
I sighed and told him what I knew. He clung to every word with a frightened disgust in his eyes. By the time I had finished, his face had turned ashen. “So what are you going to do?”
“Try to find some way to break the spell between them. Otherwise, what’s the point of a not guilty verdict?” I tapped the copy of Arabian Nights I had on my desk. “That’s what this is for. I’m trying to learn everything I can about genies or whatever to see if there’s anything useful. It’s what you had told me earlier, right? That there might be some truths in these stories.” Saying it out loud, it didn’t sound like such a solid plan.
He gave me half a shrug and nodded. I could tell he was trying to be encouraging, but he didn’t seem optimistic either. “Why you don’t just get the tattoo removed?”
Floored, I blinked at him mutely. Why the hell hadn’t I thought of that? It seemed so obvious.
“I know someone who does laser removal you can send him to if you want.”
“Uh, yeah! Set up an appointment, and he’ll be there. Assuming I can get him out of jail by then.”
Bran took out his cell phone and made a quick call. I was still naive enough then to be hopeful. He hammered out the details with the receptionist, hung up the phone, and told me Joseph’s first appointment would be in a week.
I leaned back in my chair and felt so light and relieved. I couldn’t wait to tell Joseph the good news. Bran, however, didn’t look as excited as I felt. “What’s wrong?”
“I’m still thinking about what you told me—that Joseph was forced by his magic to kill someone.” Though the afternoon sun blaring through the windows made my office toasty, he shivered. “I hate that his nature allowed him to be bound to do evil. Let’s just hope the laser removal works. This is my first rodeo too.”
“Why wouldn’t it work?”
He shrugged. “I’ve just found that things are rarely that simple.”
“Well, it’s worth a shot.” I felt only slightly deflated by his pessimism. “And if that doesn’t work, I’ve always got these,” I said, nodding back my copy of Arabian Nights. A thought occurred to me as I looked at the cover, a painting of a woman lounging in bed with her arms spread out as though gesturing to something unseen and a man and another woman listening to her intently. “We can’t just trick his master into wishing him free, can we?”
Bran smirked. “Yeah, I’d think that would do the trick. Think you can wrangle up a situation like that?”
I shook my head. “I don’t think l’m not smart enough for that.”
He picked up Arabian Nights and started leafing through it. “Maybe there’s something in here about it. Or any of those types of stories. I feel like they’re all about trickery in some way or another. Sheherezad tricking the king into sparing her life. The wife tricking her husband’s parrot. And why stop there? Didn’t the Grimms tell a story about a lazy woman tricking her husband into spinning the wool for her? Or in The Canterbury Tales, the lovers tricking the husband into spending the night on the roof.”
I took a moment to marvel at Bran’s knowledge of fairytales. I had to admit to myself that mine was mostly limited to the Disney versions with an occasional episode of Faerie Tale Theatre.
“I’m sure the victim’s already read these and will be ready for such a trick. I mean, he’s the one who figured out how to bind Joseph.”
“You think he learned it from fairytales?”
I shrugged. “I don’t know. It’s what Joseph said may have happened. And it tracks with what you said—that these stories reflect truths our forebears couldn’t explain—there’s got to be something in these that the victim learned and used. And if that knowledge could be used to enslave, why can’t it be used to free him? The trick if just finding the right story. I just wish I knew the playbook he was working from. I mean, Joseph did give me his English class’s reading list, but I think I’ve got more reading to do beyond that.”
Bran nodded as though I were making perfect sense. With the knowledge of fairytales that he had already shown me, I half hoped he already knew which story held the answer and that he had read that freeing a genie would be as easy as getting him to stand naked in a forest of cypress trees at midnight eating a toad’s liver saying Asmodeus’s name backwards three times. “Give me half the list.”
I was one part relieved that he wanted to help and one part incredulous. “Really?”
“Well, it’s a lot of reading for one person. Why not divvy it up? I’ll go to the library, then we’ll meet back in a few days to discuss what we’ve learned.”
“You really want to help him?” Maybe my skepticism of Bran’s generosity was presumptuous. After all, outside of all his cases, I didn’t really know Bran. Maybe he was a caring, giving person. “Is this some sort of ‘you mess with one of us, you mess with all of us’ thing?”
Bran just shrugged. “Maybe. Or maybe it’s an excuse to see you again. Do you want my help or not?”
I nodded.
“Great.” He took out his cellphone again and snapped a picture of the reading list. “I’ll start at the bottom. I like it when you’re on top,” he said and winked. “I’ll go to the library, and we’ll meet again once we have a chance to read. Say Saturday night? Over dinner?”
“Yeah, fine. It’s a date.” I bit my tongue, mad at myself for wording it like that.
“I could do worse,” he said with a wink. He broke open a fortune cookie to distract me from his suggestions. “A grand adventure awaits me,” he said and tossed the paper on his empty plate. “You?” He passed me a cookie.
I opened it and frowned as I read it. “‘You learn from your mistakes. You’re always learning.’ Great. When did fortune cookies get so rude?”
Bran shook his head. “It’s not rude. You’re learning. That’s a good thing. A mistake doesn’t have to be bad. Think of it this way—it was a mistake to believe that there is no magic in the world. Now, from that mistake, you’re learning to trust in even the things you don’t see. It was a good fortune for you.”
I toyed with the paper. “Next you’re going to tell me that there is magic in these. That they really do have the power to tell us the future, like in that episode of The Twilight Zone.”
Bran laughed. “Only if you add ‘in bed’ to the end of the fortune. As in ‘a grand adventure awaits you, in bed!’”
I turned back to my sad, so-called fortune about my own shortcomings. “What mistakes did I make in bed? Other than jumping into yours?” I asked, half joking and half still offended by the cookie. I looked up at him and searched his eyes for evidence of a wound, but there wasn’t any. He was still smiling and laughing as before, as though I hadn’t said anything nasty. I still felt compelled to apologize.
He just smiled and shook his head again. “Don’t worry about it, Maddy. You can’t hurt me.”
I furrowed my brow. “What does that mean?”
“I mean, it’s a perk of being a sprite,” he said patiently. “I don’t get emotionally hurt.”
I surprised myself with my own strong emotions to Bran’s statement. It angered me irrationally, as though I had wanted to hurt him. It sounded like he didn’t even feel anything. “You mean I meant nothing to you?” I felt pathetic for even asking.
“I didn’t say that.” He reached across the desk to grab my hand. “It was fun. I like you, Maddy. Of course it meant something. You’re smart, beautiful, and different from everyone else I hang out with. Getting into trouble with you, pushing your boundaries, well, it was a lot more fun than skinny dipping at the Waterwall.”
I pulled my hand away and raised my eyebrows. “Skinny dipping at the Waterwall?”
Bran frowned. “Now I am upset,” he said, though he was still smiling and had laughter in his voice. “You mean you didn’t read the latest police report?”
I thought back to our meeting the previous week and how Bran had come to my office to drop off the file from his most recent arrest. I hadn’t read it before I’d asked him about fairies and genies. One thing led to another and I had forgotten all about his last arrest. I clapped my hand to my forehead. “Shit, Bran. I forgot all about it!”
“Some lawyer you are!” he said with a snort of a laugh. “I got arrested last week for skinny dipping. Well, I tried to go skinny dipping, but the water was freezing. And not that I could really swim there anyway. The water’s too shallow. More like streaking. Anyway, the charge says it’s for public indecency.”
“Oh, geeze, Bran. Why?”
He threw up his hands helplessly. “I told you, I’m a sprite. That’s what we do. I know you think I’m just a fuck up, but it’s so much more complicated than that. Anyway, I’m trying to tell you I like you and I like spending time with you. As your client, as your friend, or as your lover. But since I don’t get emotionally hurt, if you never want to see me again...” He shrugged impassively.
“Really? That’s it? You won’t fight for me?” I wasn’t even sure what answer I wanted.
He shook his head. “I mean, I’d wish I could spend time with you, but I won’t play games. I just thought you should know. In case I act weird or anything, that’s probably why.” 
I just nodded and wondered what his definition of “act weird” would be. As though his behavior up until then was a model of normalcy. It was a lot to process and not what I needed on top of my task to free a genie from the bonds of both his master and the criminal justice system.
Bran looked at his watch. “I should probably get moving so I can hit Half Price Books before work. Thanks for having lunch with me.”
I nodded. “No problem. I’ll call you later after I go over your public indecency thing.”
He stood up and shrugged on his jacket. “Don’t worry about it. I’m pretty sure I’ll get off. Sprite and all.”
“Right.” I said, distracted. I stared at him as he grabbed his jacket and got ready to go. “Hey, aren’t you supposed to have wings or pointy ears or something?”
“You’ve seen me naked,” he said plainly. “Anything you didn’t like?”
My head fell as I blushed but realized that’s what he wanted—my discomfort or whatever. That’s what he’s always wanted. When he’d flirt shamelessly, he just wanted to make me feel uncomfortable. He probably hadn’t expected it to go anywhere. I looked back up at him and his mischievous grin. “Is that all you want? Just for me to feel awkward?” I felt desperate and clingy asking, like I had expected a relationship after our hook up, but I had to know what this was all about.
In response, he kissed the top of my head. “Just you. Whatever you’ll give me.”
After Bran left, I dug out the police report that he had given me on Friday morning concerning his exploits at the Waterwall. The police report was very colorful with the arresting officer trying to work in as many euphemisms for the word penis as he could. He went to great pains to describe the sight of Bran’s naked body running through the cold water. I called Emmitt, the DA on the case, to see about a deal.
“So Bran’s your boy?”
“What do you mean by that?” I stammered.
“Are you representing Bran for this? What else would I mean by that, Maddy?”
I was thankful we were on the phone and he couldn’t see me turn red. “Yeah, well, he’s got the customer loyalty card. Tenth defense is free.”
“Yeah, you punchin’ his card?” he asked suggestively.
I groaned. “Ugh, Emmitt! You’re worse than the police report!”
He chuckled. “Yeah, Officer Jefferson really missed his calling. He should have gone into writing erotica.”
I groaned again. “I hope you’re not encouraging him. So what will you give me on Bran?”
Emmitt laughed like he had me right where he wanted me. “We want the full $500 and a conviction.”
I scoffed at his attempt to play hardball over such a petty, and amusing, charge. “Well, lucky for Bran the police report doesn’t mention any witnesses and can’t prove anyone was around to be offended by Bran’s show—an element of public indecency, you know. The report was pretty detailed regarding shrinkage, so I doubt anyone really saw anything.”
“It’s our argument that it was all a matter of perspective. Bran was standing next to the Williams Tower. Anyone would look small next to that.”
I tried hard not to laugh. “The Williams Tower isn’t even that tall. It only looks so tall because everything else around it is so short.”
Emmitt hummed knowingly. “Yeah, like how men manscape to make their junk look bigger.”
I tried to bring the conversation back to the issue at hand. “I really don’t think Bran will think $500 and a conviction is a reasonable offer.”
“Are you trying to bargain with me on a Class C misdemeanor?”
“Well, do you really want to take this to court?”
“It might be fun. Officer Jefferson will be there.”
“What, he’ll testify that he was alarmed by,” I cleared my throat as I searched for a description from the police report. “‘The one-eyed eel that the suspect had released among the other water spouts?’”
“Did you know that the word ‘testify’ comes from ‘testicle?’ In ancient Rome, people would swear loyalty by placing their hands on another guy’s junk.”
“What does this have to do with you dismissing the charges?”
“Ha ha! Nice try, Maddy! But I’m going to nail his ass on something! This guy’s a serial offender.”
“Right. He’s a regular Al Capone. If you want to nail bad guys, move up to felony. Your enthusiasm is wasted in misdemeanor.”
“Nah. I love it here. Police reports for felonies are always dull. Speaking of felonies, how’s your other boy Joseph Fahima?”
His question came out of nowhere. “Is Greg so lost that he had to send you fishing?” I said cautiously. “I knew he was in over his head.”
“I heard about it on the news. Still no lead on Hazel, and Joseph is overcharged.” His voice dropped. He didn’t want anyone in his office to overhear him talking with me—opposing counsel, the enemy. “I feel bad for the guy. Look, I took this job because I wanted to protect people from the criminal element. The people that you champion so hard.”
“You think Joseph’s the criminal element that the public needs to be protected from?”
“No, he’s the fall guy. Cops are leaning on him to get to the real bad guy.”
“The boyfriend. It’s always the boyfriend, right?”
“Well, yeah,” he said. “This just feels wrong. I can’t describe it, but I can’t stop thinking about it. It’s like there’s a few notes stuck in my head, but I don’t know the song. There’s something going on. The charge, that’s not in the interest of justice. The Fahima kid, he’s not the criminal element.” Emmitt paused and sighed. “Maybe I’m just rambling. Maybe this is a midlife crisis come a decade too late.”
The way he spoke reminded me of Bran’s own outrage of the injustice of it all and his sense of kinship with Joseph. It was probably something like observational bias. Like how if you buy a new car, suddenly everyone is driving that same model. I saw fairies and hidden messages everywhere because I wanted to see fairies.
“Maybe you should switch teams,” I said finally. “Come to the Dark Side. We’ve got cookies.”
He chuckled warmly. “Maybe I’ll send you my resume. Are you hiring?”
“No, but it is nice to know that not all DAs are ruthless. Let me know if you learn anything, would you? And I’ll, uh, relay your offer to Bran.”
He chuckled. “I know a conviction won’t stick. Nothing does. Not to his kind.”
Chapter 16

After school let out, I went to interview some of the potential witnesses in Joseph’s case, including Zach, who would no doubt be the prosecutor’s star witness. As much as I would prefer to spend my time yelling at people in court, legwork was an important part of my job. Important, but frequently boring and useless. I had a feeling Zach wouldn’t want to talk to me, though I hoped I’d have better luck in person than over the phone.
Zach’s neighborhood was all large houses in modern styles sitting on undersized lots. Short, flimsy trees dotted lawns at regular intervals, and the grass was the perfect shade of homeowners’ association green. This type of neighborhood spread all over the outskirts of Houston. They were the symptom of a town that grew too quickly.
I found Zach’s tan and brown house in a sea of others in the same neutral tones. Four dormer windows poked out of the shingle roof. It looked like teeth cutting through gums, but maybe I had fairytales and monsters on my mind. I parked my car and walked up the blinding white driveway.
I rang the doorbell and waited.
Zach met me at the door with a deep scowl. Bruises on his arms had already started to fade but were still prominent on his face. He had a bandage over his nose. He crossed his arms over his broad chest.
“Can I help you?” His voice was a growl.
“Hi. I’m Maddy Sands,” I began.
“I know who you are. You’re representing Joseph.”
I cleared my throat. “I was wondering if I can ask you a few questions.”
“No. Just tell your boy to stay away from me.”
“Well, unless you go visit him in jail again, I doubt you’ll be seeing much of him.”
“Good,” he said as he began to close the door. “I’ve already spoken to the cops and the prosecutor. I don’t need to talk to you.”
He shut the door, and I heard the deadbolt click into place as though he has actually expected me to try to break down the door. Yeah, so this visit was completely useless. I pulled my business card out of my bag, scribbled a note for him to call, and stuck it in his door. He wouldn’t call, and even if he did, I didn’t think I’d be able to trip him up and get him to confess. The best I could hope for would be to find inconsistencies in his story, but the jury wouldn’t like it if I started calling him a liar at trial.
Back in my car, I checked my list of potential witnesses. I had given Joseph’s list to my secretary, and Gabby had helpfully looked up the names in the school’s student directory to give me their phone numbers, email addresses, and addresses. One of the students, a junior named Samuel Jacobs, was listed as being friends with Zach, on the football team with him, and living down the street. I drove the two blocks to Samuel’s house—yes, Texans drive everywhere—which was a structure made from the same cookie cutter as Zach’s had been.
This Samuel kid wouldn’t be likely to say anything that would hurt his friend, but I hoped that I could at least get some details about Zach’s prowess as a football player. I was hoping for anything that would show Zach as strong and aggressive. Something that might convince the jury that he had been the one to start the fight with Joseph.
A smiling kid with a blond buzz cut answered the door. After I told him who I was, his face fell.
“Zach told us not to talk to the cops.”
“Funny that the victim of a crime wouldn’t want his friends to help law enforcement nail the guy who did it.”
“He said Joseph would come after us next.”
I raised my eyebrows. “A small kid like that?” I eyed his muscular physique.
An angry look flickered across his face. “I don’t have any answers anyway,” he said as he closed the door. I wondered what kind of manners these kids’ parents were teaching them. As I had done at Zach’s house, I left my card in his door.
For a moment, the nihilistic thought entered my mind that none of this mattered. I could knock on every door on this street and not one person would give me a story that I could sell to a jury, even if Zach hadn’t gotten to them all first. It obviously wasn’t the encouraging thought I needed to get me to the next name on the list.
I took a deep breath and scanned the page, considering my options. If Zach told his friends not to talk to anyone about the assault, I’d have better luck with someone who wasn’t his friend. I looked for someone on Joseph’s list of his own friends and witnesses came across the name Lorilee Miller. Joseph had noted she had a few classes with both of them but didn’t say that she was a friend to either boy. I figured I’d try my luck there. Having the door repeatedly slammed in my face was discouraging, and I was about to call it a day if I didn’t make at least some progress soon.
Lorilee lived in the same neighborhood but a few streets down. After a short drive, I found her house and knocked.
A girl who looked to be around seventeen opened the door just enough for me to see half her face. She was tall with long brown hair. Her wide eyes darted around nervously. I wondered if maybe Zach or Samuel had warned her that I was poking around asking questions.
“Hi. I’m Madeline Sands. I’m looking for Lorilee Miller.”
“That’s me,” she said.
“Hi Lorilee. I’m a lawyer representing a student from your school.” Not opening the door any wider, Lorilee just stuck her hand through the small opening to shake my offered hand. “I understand you go to school with Joseph Fahima and Zach Wilks.”
She nodded and shot a glance over her shoulder. “I don’t think I should talk to you.” She didn’t sound so sure of herself.
“Why not? Did someone tell you not to talk to me?”
She nodded again. “Zach told me not to.”
“Are you friends with him?”
“Sort of.” She sounded like she would rather admit to anything else in the world but that.
“Sort of? What does that mean?”
“Our moms are friends, so growing up I was forced to spend time with him. We were friends then. I don’t think I should gossip about him.”
I shook my head. “This isn’t gossip. I just want to figure out what you know and if you can help. Do you want to help your friend?”
“Yeah, but I don’t know what I can tell you. I wasn’t there when Joseph and Zach got into that fight.”
I nodded. “Well, someone gave me your name to say you might have information. I’m still early in my investigation, so I don’t know what’s important or not. Maybe you can just tell me about the boys. You said you’re sort of friends with Zach, but what about Joseph? Are you friends with him?”
“Sort of,” she said again. She threw a glance behind her shoulder again and lowered her voice. “I told you before my mom’s friends with Zach’s mom. If she found out I was friends with the kid who beat up her friend’s kid, she’d be pissed.”
I don’t remember my high school friendships being so complicated, but then again, I wasn’t friends with any fairies. Well, not that I knew of. “Well, let me ask you this. Are Zach and Joseph friends?”
“I guess. I mean, they hang out sometimes. I don’t know why though. He can be such a bully.”
“Joseph?”
She shook her head. “No, Zach.”
This is exactly the sort of thing I wanted to hear—something that would make it more likely to the jury that Zach was the aggressor. I tried to suppress my smile. “He bullies Joseph?” I tried not to sound too ghoulishly excited as I asked.
She hesitated, trying to pick her words carefully. “I don’t know. It looks like it from what I see, but then why are they together all the time? He had his set of friends, so I doubt he’s lonely. But it’s like he ditches them to be treated like crap by Zach.”
“Maybe he wanted to be with the cool kids?” I suggested.
The half of her mouth that was visible twisted to a doubtful frown. 
“Well, what do you think happened between them?” I tried.
She shrugged. “Maybe Joseph finally got sick of him and slugged him. I can’t say I blame him. I’ve wanted to punch him a few times myself.”
I smiled mischievously, hoping to encourage her. “Why? What has he done to you?”
She sighed. “My mom will be pissed if she hears me talking about Zach like this, but it’s true. He’s a jerk, and it got worse after he started hanging out with Joseph.” She shuddered. “I mean, he was always a jerk, but then people started getting hurt.”
“That makes it sound like Joseph was the bad guy. That he was the one who hurt people.”
“No, that’s not it.” She gnawed at lip as she struggled to find the right words. “When they started hanging out, Zach got meaner. The thing he’d say got nastier, and those sort of incidents became more frequent.”
“Okay, so what does Joseph have to do with that?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know. He’d be there sitting in the sidelines while Zach picked on someone else looking like he’d rather die than be seen with Zach. But he was always there, like Joseph somehow gave Zach the courage to do things he couldn’t do alone.”
“You said people got hurt. What did you mean?”
She paused as she picked her words carefully. “It was like accidents would happen. In biology, Zach would be teasing some kid, and then the kid would burn himself on the Bunsen burner. Or in gym, the kid who Zach picked on would end up with a ball flying in his face. It almost broke some kid’s nose. But it’s not like Zach could get in trouble for that, right?”
“Right,” I said over a wry smile. It reminded me a lot of what Mazel had told me about Joseph bringing them luck. Only Zach had found a way to use Joseph’s power for evil. Lorilee was wrong when she had said Joseph gave Zach courage. He gave him the means. The kid who got burnt by the Bunsen burner or broke his nose when a ball came flying at his face—those were Zach’s wishes. Though it was a warm fall afternoon, even by Southeast Texas standards, I shivered.
“Do you know if they ever hung out together outside of school?”
She nodded as she thought about it. “I think I saw them hang out together a few times. After football games or at the mall or something.”
Just then the door opened wider and we were joined by an older woman who I assumed was Lorilee’s mother. Her short, frosted hair was tidily feathered. She wore pearls and a maroon apron with the words veni, vidi, vino and the image of a tipped over wineglass on it. “Who is it, Lorilee?” she asked in a tone suggested she’d been eavesdropping and that I was not welcome to have this conversation with her daughter.
I quickly put on a bright smile and held out my hand. “Mrs. Miller? Hi, I’m Madeline Sands. I’m looking into what happened between Joseph Fahima and Zach Wilks.”
Mrs. Miller’s hand was like a cold fish. “I’m afraid my daughter doesn’t know anything about that. Good day, Miss Sands.” She pulled away and started to close the door.
“Of course not,” I said sweetly. “Lorilee seems like such a good kid. On the track team. An honors student.” I made a note to myself to thank Gabby for all the work she did looking into each student on Joseph’s list, information that even I had thought would be superfluous at this stage. “I just want to know more about Zach. I want to know more about how he became friends with Joseph Fahima.”
“Are you a reporter?”
“No, ma’am.”
“Then what’s your interest in it?”
“I’m an attorney.”
Mrs. Miller sneered at me like something she had stepped in. “You’re that Fahima kid’s attorney?”
“Yes, I’m representing Joseph.” I might as well have told her that I eat babies.
“Then I’m afraid we have nothing more to say to you. Good day,” she said again.
“That’s fine. We were just finishing up anyway,” I said warmly. “But I do have one last question before I get out of your hair, if that’s all right,” I added quickly.
Mrs. Miller’s scowl deepened, but she nodded.
 “It’s my understanding that Zach is going to testify that he didn’t invite Joseph over to his house on that day. That they are not friends and that they never associated outside of school. And the prosecutor is going to say that Zach is peaceful and never would have picked a fight. Can we call you to say that isn’t true?”
“My daughter will not be testifying.” Mrs. Miller blinked and looked at me as though that conclusion were obvious.
“With all due respect, that’s not your choice, Mrs. Miller.” I tried to make my words sound as sweet as they could be, but that didn’t matter. Those words weren’t anything Mrs. Miller wanted to hear.
She glared at me. “Well, she won’t be making that choice. Will you, Lorilee?”
Lorilee looked down and didn’t answer.
I cleared my throat. “It’s not her choice either. I can subpoena you if I have to, but I think we’d rather avoid that.” I fished around my bag for a business card for Lorilee, but Mrs. Miller quickly took it out of my hand. Pointedly, I pulled out another and gave it to Lorilee. “If there’s anything else you want to let me know about Joseph or Zach, give me a call.”
Mrs. Miller continued to glower at me. “You saw what that boy did to Zach. How can you defend him?”
One day I should take the time to come up with a snappy answer to that question, citing the Constitutional right to a lawyer and the founding principle of our country’s judicial system that we would rather see ten guilty men go free than see one innocent man imprisoned, but I have better things to do. So it continues to catch me off guard when someone suggests that trials don’t matter and that the accused don’t deserve to defend themselves.
“Someone has to,” I said with a shrug. “If not me, then who? And if you think I’m bad, you should meet some of my colleagues.” Everyone hates a lawyer. Even other lawyers. “Keep in touch.”
Despite the fact that Lorilee had given me exactly what I was looking for—evidence that Zach himself was a bully and therefore possibly the aggressor—I left her house feeling pessimistic. Through Lorilee, I could try to tell the story of an awkward, bullying relationship, peer pressure, and Joseph having had enough, but I didn’t know if that would be enough to convince the jury that Joseph didn’t break into his friend’s house to beat him up and steal his stuff. Lorilee’s mother reminded me of what I was up against. Despite Joseph being innocent until proven guilty, people thought the guy sitting in the defendant’s chair was there for a reason. Joseph was only presumed guilty in theory. The reality was that the fact that Joseph did beat his friend up didn’t help his case that he didn’t break into his friend’s house.
Besides, all my efforts with the trial were assuming Joseph wouldn’t plead guilty or fire me again. And who knows what Zach might try to make Joseph do if the laser removal didn’t work to remove the tattoo.
Chapter 17

The next day was Joseph’s hearing to reduce bail so he could finally get out of jail. Yes, sometimes the wheels of justice move fast. At least they did once Joseph allowed me to work for him, though I think the promise of laser removal from Bran’s friend was more persuasive than any of my legal skills.
“Most people want to get out of jail, you know,” I said after he gave me more hemming and hawing than I thought the situation deserved.
“Most people aren’t genies with sadistic masters.”
Nonetheless, he was willing to risk going back into Zach’s clutches to try laser tattoo removal.
In court, the prosecutor Greg put on a show about how dangerous Joseph was. Joseph had attacked another student, and, in Greg’s opinion, the school shouldn’t be given the responsibility of keeping the other kids safe from a known threat. If that hadn’t been enough to convince the court of the danger Joseph presented, Greg brought up Joseph’s heritage and place of birth. In Greg’s mind because Joseph hadn’t been born here, there was nothing stopping him from absconding back to the little Middle Eastern village that his family had fled when he was baby.
“Your Honor, Joseph is a high school senior.” I kept my voice mild, though Greg’s xenophobic bullshit had riled me up. “He wants to get back to school so he can be in good shape for college next year. He is willing to surrender his passport to ensure his presence.” I shot a quick glace to his mother in the gallery. “His mother is here. She will ensure his presence in Galveston County and in this Court. And, if need be, she can testify about the ethnic discrimination they faced in Israel.”
Judge Garcia frowned. She saw Greg’s bigotry as clearly as I did. “There’s no need to draw this out, but I will make surrendering his passport a condition of bail. I’m setting bail at $12,000, and trial is set for three months from now. Anything else at this time?”
“No, your Honor.”
“Very well,” she said as she pushed up her glasses. “If there’s nothing further, I’ll see you all in three months.” It always bothered me that judges never banged their gavels in real life. Then would have been a great time for a ceremonial bang, but instead, the pretentious hammer just sat there collecting dust.
“Thank you for whatever you said to him to convince him to come home. I’m glad it made a difference,” Mazel said to me as we left the courtroom together.
I smiled sheepishly. It was easier if she would continue to believe that I had persuaded him to leave jail with my silver tongue rather than the thought of laser tattoo removal. I didn’t think Joseph had told his mother anything about that.
“But I’m still going to give him a good ass whupping for getting into trouble and making me worry like that,” she said with laugh. The words sounded strange coming from her. She had always struck me as so proper and conventional, the story of her extramarital affair with a genie notwithstanding.
She left with her cellphone clutched tightly in her hands as she hurried to find a quiet place to call a bail bondsman.
“And now I try to figure out a way to keep your son’s master away from him,” I muttered under my breath.

Two days later, the expert report arrived from the prosecutor’s office.
“That was fast,” I said to Gabby as she laid the faxed copy on my desk.
She nodded. “They probably have them on file and just fill in the name of the defendant and whatever it is they want to say proves he was in a gang—bandana, baggy pants, hydraulics. Like Mad Libs for court.”
I rolled my eyes and groaned and I read the title of the report—Improvised Tattoos as an Indication of Gang Affiliation—by Dr. Amanda Ward from the Department of Public Safety out in Austin. These so-called experts could turn anything into a gang symbol. It reminded me of the devil’s marks they’d look for on an accused’s body during the Salem Witch Trials—the freckle from which the devil supposedly suckled or whatever. God forbid Joseph had a third nipple!
“Though tattooing is forbidden among incarcerated populations,” the report read, “it’s well-documented that tattoos and tattooing are popular in jail and prisons throughout the country. Therefore, those who wish to be tattooed in prison must create methods and equipment for tattooing from the items that are provided to prison populations or that they are permitted to own. This process creates improvised tattoos, also known as prison tats.”
I had trouble taking Dr. Ward’s report seriously due to its use of the term “prison tats” in a supposedly professional context.
“Common side effects of improvised tattooing methods include scarring and infection from the use of implements or needle substitutes that have not been sterilized. Additionally, the ink used—commonly ink from a ball-point pen or soot mixed with shampoo—may cause the skin to swell or ooze.”
The report distinguished professional tattoos from improvised tattoos and concluded that, in Dr. Ward’s expert, professional opinion, due to the scaring and redness, Joseph’s tattoo was improvised.
“Well, no shit,” I said to my empty office.
Reading on, she linked improvised tattooing techniques to gang populations even outside of jail or prison, “due to professional tattoo artists’ reluctance to create tattoos of known gang signs.” I frowned over the assumption the report left out that tattoo artists would be knowledgeable about gang signs.
Adding it all up, Dr. Ward concluded that since Joseph’s tattoo was improvised, it therefore signified gang membership. Also noticeably absent from the report was any mention of a known gang using the Star of David or Seal of Solomon as its symbol. Of course, absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. For all I knew, there was some underground Jewish mafia that went around defiling bacon and beating up high school football players.
I considered calling Bran and asking for his opinion on it since he worked in a tattoo parlor, but I laughed as I pictured him on the witness stand. With tattoos peeking past his shirt sleeves and a ring through his septum like a prize bull, I didn’t think he’d make the best impression on the jury. No doubt he would not be what they’d have in mind when they pictured an expert.
I turned to my computer and began to draft a motion to suppress the report. I argued that the tattoo and the accusation of gang membership was irrelevant to Joseph’s guilt or innocence and only served to make him look like a bad guy to the jury. Whether or not he’s a Jewish gangster or whatever has nothing to do with whether or not he committed this particular burglary. I also questioned its value, seeing as how Dr. Ward hadn’t even interviewed Joseph, let alone looked at his tattoo. She knew nothing about when it had been done or how long it had been healing, so I argued she couldn’t make any reliable conclusions about the methods used from just the picture. I suspected Gabby was right—this expert report was just some essay they had stashed in a file cabinet somewhere that they pulled out for every defendant with a weird tattoo. If nothing else, when I lost on the motion it would be something for the appellate court.
Yeah, sometimes I overwhelmed myself with my own optimism, but I’d do Joseph no good playing Pollyanna and thinking this would all work out for the best. I knew the deck was stacked against him. I knew what the jury would think as soon as they learned the prosecutor thought he was in a gang, no matter how spurious the connection.
When I had hammered out a rough draft of the motion, I dropped the faxed report into Joseph’s file and moved it to a far corner of my desk, hoping it could just get lost there under a mountain of papers from other cases and that I’d never have to think of it again. I knew that could never be the case, but it was nice to turn to other, mundane cases for a while. It was almost comforting to stare at the stack of files growing on my desk, each one representing a person accused of child neglect, intoxicated manslaughter, or assault and battery. Criminals though they may be, they were all people with, comparatively, uncomplicated problems that would give my suspension of disbelief a rest for the time being.
But of course, the spirits wouldn’t be ignored so easily.
Gabby called me on the internal line. “Joseph’s here to see you.”
I sighed and glanced at my calendar. No, he hadn’t made an appointment that I had just forgotten about. It was that tendency his family had to just drop in. “Fine. Send him in.”
A moment later, Joseph knocked on my door. “Please come in and have a seat,” I called, not looking up from my stack of papers that I was shuffling aside. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him lumber through the threshold and hover in front of my desk.
“What is it, Joseph?” I asked as I looked up at him.
He had a large plastic knife in his hand, and it was pointed threateningly towards me. It was a ludicrous shade of teal, and the scene would have been comical if not for the tortured yet determined look in Joseph’s eyes. But forgive me for not sparing much sympathy for him as I tried to keep clear of the business end of the bright blue knife.
“Joseph,” I hoped I sounded calmer than I felt. “Put the knife down.”
“I’m so sorry, Maddy,” he whispered.
None of my studies in law school or lectures in those pointless and endless continuing education lunches taught me what to do when a client came into my office with a weapon. Usually unhappy clients just filed grievances or malpractice suits. They didn’t come seeking revenge.
I stood up slowly and put my hands out to show I held no weapons and wasn’t making any sudden moves. “Joseph, what’s going on? Put down the knife and let’s talk.”
“I can’t,” he said. He blinked back tears.
“Whatever you’re going through, we can work it out. I know it seems hopeless now...” It sounded so trite. I wondered if it would have any effect. 
“It’s not me...” he blurted out. He banged on his chest over the tattoo. “It’s this. It’s Zach. He’s making me do this.”
I took a deep breath. “Joseph,” I began again. I thought maybe I had read somewhere that hearing one’s own name had a calming effect on a person. I took my eyes off the knife for a moment to look into Joseph’s eyes, hoping that would also work to calm him. They seemed to glow with an unearthly amber fire. “Put the knife down and we’ll work through this.”
He shook his head. “I don’t have a choice.” He was blocking my way to the door and began walking slowly towards me, circling my desk.
I tried to think back to what Bran had told me about fairies, but I don’t think he mentioned anything about what to do if one of them comes after you with a knife. I looked at the knife again. Though the color was ludicrous in the hands of a man bent on doing me harm, it was big and menacing. It didn’t need to be metal to do some damage. That much I knew from stories my clients told me about making shivs in prison.
The thought crossed my mind that I was about to be shanked in my own office, and I wondered whether that was irony or poetic justice. It was only after my mind’s exploration of literary devices that I realized why the knife was bright blue and plastic. Iron. Joseph couldn’t touch iron. He couldn’t shoot me or stab me with a respectable looking knife, so it was either he break out the fine silver for me or kill me with a lettuce knife. Iron, he had told me, would temporarily break the binding and restore Joseph’s free will. Too bad I didn’t keep an anvil in my office just for these occasions. I took my eyes off Joseph for as long as I dared to search for something with iron in it as my mind raced through the little I knew about metallurgy. I wondered what paperclips were made of.
“I’m sorry, Maddy,” he said again, clearly not actually wanting to stab me as he lunged toward me to do it all the same.
As fast as I could I reached into my desk and pulled out my bottle opener. I knew drinking at work was a good idea. I tossed the clunky thing at Joseph, hoping that he would think fast and catch it.
He did, and it worked. He dropped the knife as soon as his hand clasped around the bottle opener. A second later, he fell to the floor sobbing.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” he said over and over again. He clutched my bottle opener close to his chest, and a faint singeing smell filled the room.
I picked up the bright teal shank and sat down next to him. I let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding. “I guess the prosecutor is done with the ring and released Zach’s property to him.”
He nodded. “In more ways than one,” he said bitterly.
“Stop it, you’re not property.” I didn’t have the heart to push the argument further. “How did it happen? I thought you wore iron all the time. You’ve got to be more careful, Joseph.”
“Is that your solution?” he asked with scorn. “Be more careful?”
“Well, for now, yes. It’s just a few more days until the laser removal appointment. The State thinks your tattoo is a gang symbol, by the way. They just faxed a report.” I dug out his file and tossed the report over to him. “It’s good for a laugh. Don’t worry. I’m working on suppressing it.”
I sat back down next to him as he read. I turned the knife over in my hand. “What were you going to do with this thing anyway? Make a salad?”
“I knew metal would,” he shook his fist still clinging to the bottle opener. “You know.”
“It could have been worse. You could have come after me with a meat tenderizer.”
At that, we laughed and broke the tension in the room. We laughed until we cried and our sides hurt. It seemed the appropriate reaction after the threat had disappeared.
“Gym class,” Joseph said when we finally finished laughing. “That’s how he got me. We’re wrestling and weren’t allowed to wear any jewelry, and he got to his ring before I could get my stuff back on.”
“Couldn’t you have put it on after?”
Joseph shook his head. “He ordered me not to. I think he’s figured something out.” He threw his head against the wall. 
“It’s just a few more days,” I said again.
He shook his head. “You know it won’t take just one appointment, if it will even work at all. I thought you had someone working on this.”
Frustrated, I sighed. “I am looking into it. It’s not exactly like I can ask my paralegal to look into case law on how to break a genie’s binding,” I said sarcastically. I wasn’t expecting a judicial solution to his problem. Hell, I’d be happy if the solution we’d eventually find would even be legal. But without warning, something hit me.
“Does the bond work over long distances?”
Joseph shook his head. “He has to see me to issue the command.”
“So, you two just need to stay away from each other.”
“Yeah,” he said slowly. “But that hasn’t been working out so well. I tried ditching school, but my parents found out.”
“Can’t you tell them you’re sick?”
He frowned and shook his head again. “Nope. I can’t lie.”
I furrowed my brow. “What do you mean?”
“I mean it’s another perk of being a genie. I can’t tell a lie.”
Though that went against a lot of the stories I had read, I did remember Mazel saying something like that. “I thought genies were supposed to be trickster characters.”
He shrugged. “Maybe, but we can’t tell an outright lie. I can’t tell my parents I’m sick if I’m not. I tried to trick them, but they caught me. I guess I’m not smart enough to outsmart them.”
“Okay,” I said, shaking my head. The information about Joseph’s honesty wasn’t immediately relevant, but it was good to know for the future. I changed the topic. “His friends won’t talk to me,” I said, planning as I spoke. “They said that Zach told them that you’ll go after them next.”
Joseph scoffed. “All of his friends are huge football players. You think I can take them? Even with a lettuce knife?”
“It doesn’t matter. They all think you already beat the crap out of Zach. I’ve got an idea. It’s not a long term solution to the problem, but it’s a start.”
“What is it?”
I didn’t answer. I just picked up my phone and dialed. “Whitney, hi. You want to make it up to me for bailing on me and all that crap you pulled with the Frank case?” I tested the edge of the knife while we talked. It was sharper than it looked. I shivered and set it down on my desk. 
Whitney groaned. I hoped Joseph wouldn’t hear Whitney’s complete lack of enthusiasm. Not when I had just told him I might have a solution to his problem.
“Just meet me in court Monday for an arraignment. I need you to yell at me in front of some potential clients.”
“Why do you want me to yell at you in front of your clients?”
“Not my potential clients. Yours.”
“Yeah, whatever, Maddy.” He sounded skeptical, but he did promise to be there in court.
The second after I hung up with Whitney, my phone rang again. Without looking to see who it was, I picked up. “Do you want the clients or not, Whitney?”
“Maddy, where are you? And who’s Whitney?”
Shit. Holly. I had totally forgotten that I was supposed to meet her to go dress shopping. “I’m sorry. Something sort of came up. I had a...” I eyed Joseph warily. What was the right word to use when a client tried to kill you?
“Well, are you still coming?” she asked shortly. While I didn’t blame her for being annoyed at me, her tone made me defensive. It was my lawyer training kicking in when people started to yell.
“Sure,” I said, perhaps a tad too flippantly. “I’ll be there in...”
“Are you still at your office?” She muttered something else under her breath that I couldn’t make out. It was probably something about how unreliable I was. “It will take you at least another half hour to get to The Galleria.”
I grunted at the phone. “I know! I’m sorry! I’ll be there! I’ll buy you lunch!”
She grunted back, but there wasn’t much else to say. “Fine. I’ll be here,” she sang in that frustrated tone.
I hung up the phone and turned back to Joseph. “Are you going to be okay? If you give me back my bottle opener, are you going to try to kill me again?”
He laughed and ran his hand though his hair nervously. “Maybe?”
“Keep it,” I said. “I should lay off it anyway. I need to have my wits about me. I never know when someone’s going to come into my office and try to stab me.”
“I’ll get you a new one,” he said meekly. “I’m sorry about all...” At a loss for words, he gestured to the knife still lying on my desk.
I picked it up and handed it back to him. “Take it. Before your mom realizes it’s missing.”
He slid it into his backpack and nodded. “Thanks, Maddy. For everything. See you at the arraignment.”
Chapter 18

When I arrived at The Galleria, I hunted down Holly in the dressing room at Neiman Marcus. “So why’d you stand me up?” She stepped out of her compartment in a blue sheath dress with a subtle flowered print. I shuddered when I saw that the shade of the dress so closely matched Joseph’s knife. “What do you think? Does it say both ‘serious stage mom’ and ‘sexy and I know it?’”
It was a tall order of seemingly contradictory messages. I considered it. It was a gorgeous dress in a bright shade that demanded to be noticed. It hugged her hips and chest yet had a high neckline so it could pretend to be modest. “Maybe. The color certainly helps. And would you believe me if I told you an angry knife-wielding client stopped by my office?”
“No,” she said coolly. “In Texas, we use guns.” She turned around and craned her neck to try to catch a glimpse of her back. “I get it. Top secret lawyery stuff.”
“Something like that.”
She groaned at her reflection. “I like it, but I want to show off my chest!” She unzipped the dress and slipped back into the dressing room. “Was it juicy, at least? Your reason for blowing me off, I mean. Not my breasts!”
I laughed and gave a non-committal noise. 
“Something to do with that client you’re sleeping with? Did you blow me off for booty?” She unzipped the dress and slipped back into the dressing room.
“What!? No!”
A moment later she came back out of the dressing room in a pale blue a-line dress with a white lace overlay. It was lower cut, so it served at least the purpose of showing more skin, but that was the highest compliment I could give. I hummed as I appraised it. “It’s more serious, but less sexy.”
She frowned. “Maybe if it were black.”
“If you’re going for a goth look, sure.”
She stuck her tongue out at me and went back in her dressing room. “Let’s have lunch. I’m starving. When we’re done, I’ll show you the dresses I found at Saks while I was waiting for you.”
We grabbed a quick bite at a sports bar. As I scoffed down my overcooked burger, my eyes kept drifting to the television at the bar. It was switched to a 24-hour news station. Though the sound was too low for me to hear, it was still clear that the hosts of the program were fixated on the disappearance of Hazel Coronus. Her school photograph—the one that was all over facebook memes, today’s version of milk cartons—kept appearing on screen. Holly turned to follow my gaze and tisked. “Never thought it could happen here, I guess.”
Being a criminal defense attorney, I knew better. I just shrugged.
“Are you following it?”
I nearly choked on a French fry. “Bad people doing bad things is what I do all day. I don’t really want it to consume my off time too.”
“Yet you can’t look away.”
I smiled joylessly. “It’s like a train wreck.”
“Is anyone saying anything around the courthouse?”
I shook my head. “We can’t really gossip about stuff like that.”
She eyed me like she didn’t believe me because she herself could not be trusted with a secret so juicy. Not when a Nancy Grace lookalike is crying out for answers. “Well, everyone suspects the boyfriend. It’s always the boyfriend,” Holly said with an air of wisdom. When I said nothing, she went on. “But he has a rock solid alibi.”
I knew there was no point in trying to get her to change the subject. Houston had its very own national missing girl scandal. Of course everyone would want to talk about it to death. It was better than the rodeo and Mardi Gras all rolled into one. “Let me guess. Football?”
Holly nodded. “It was a big important game. Everyone was there.”
I hummed. My distaste of football was almost heresy in Texas. I can’t help it. It’s a brutish sport encouraging brutish behavior in men and boys. Especially when high school players are exalted as stars. They think that just because they can catch a ball they can get away with anything. Including enslaving a genie and forcing him to kill his girlfriend. Not that I knew anything about that. Joseph still hadn’t told me anything. I was hoping that the prosecutor would soon realize that Joseph knew nothing, and drop the charges or at least back down to something reasonable.
Holly’s eyes were still fixated on the screen, so I played along with her. “How do they know that’s when he did it?”
“The police said she was last seen just before the game. That she was supposed to be there, but she never showed. It would be the perfect cover, wouldn’t it?” she asked.
“What do you mean?”
She leaned closer to me conspiratorially, eager for me to confirm or deny her theory and possibly tell her the details that she thought I must know. “I mean if he hired someone to do it, the boyfriend would tell him to do it then. I heard that someone was already arrested.”
“You’ve clearly thought a lot about this, Holly. Should Allen be worried?”
“No,” she said with a smile like butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth. “I don’t play football.”
I laughed nervously. I glanced around the restaurant for something, anything, to distract me, but all I saw was cheap sports memorabilia and news junkies excited by all the publicity their hometown was getting from Hazel Coronus’s disappearance.
“Say I were to hire someone to kill my ex...”
I nearly spat out my Coke. I wiped my mouth and tried to put on my game face. “As an attorney, I’d advise you to find a more private place to discuss your ex-husband’s murder.” I hoped I wasn’t being serious.
She gave me a furtive smile. “Of course. But you’re the only one I could talk it over with, right? Well, if you were my attorney. You wouldn’t be able to tell anyone anything just like you can’t tell me anything about the kids that was arrested. Fahima, right?”
“How do you know I represent Fahima?”
“You just told me.”
I felt the blood drain from my face. “Holly...” I ran through all my conversations with her wondering if there was anything that I had said that could be traced back to Joseph. What had I said to her that may have breached confidentiality?
“I just figured it out,” she said with a wry smile. “I’m not stupid, you know.”
I frowned. “I don’t think you’re stupid.”
She quirked her lips like she didn’t quite believe me.
I wondered then if perhaps there weren’t more to Holly—my best friend since college—than I had known. She was a wealthy, young, divorcee who’d gotten too good a deal from her ex-husband. True, he was complete slime and she had a good lawyer. But, after learning what I knew now, I couldn’t help but wonder if there were more to it than skill. Talking about killing her ex-husband, she reminded me too much of Isla, whose motives Holly had understood more than I had. A shiver ran down my spine.
I felt like I was suddenly seeing her in a new light. If learning that fairies were real—I still couldn’t think of it like that without rolling my eyes at myself in my head—had changed my perception of the world, then I was looking at her through that lens for the first time in that dirty sports bar. Was anything what I had thought it was anymore?
I swallowed and tried to push aside my crazy doubts. “As your attorney,” I said lightly, “I’d advise you to look at it economically. Is it cheaper to hire someone to kill Allen or to buy that first dress you tried on? Maybe even hire a tailor to make some alterations so it will show some cleavage too?”
She frowned. “I don’t suppose you know any hitmen for the girl on a budget.”
Chapter 19

“I still don’t understand why I’m here,” Whitney said in a grumble.
Whitney and I were holed up together in the courthouse’s law library, trying not to be seen. The library was a bad place to hide. The law libraries of Texas’s bigger counties may have been spacious with rows of bookshelves overflowing with law tomes and numerous cubicles for studying, but Galveston County had one small, open room for their library. I felt exposed sitting at the round table, but aside from us, the library was empty. Though I didn’t really expect the Wilks family to come into the library, I was on edge. I wasn’t sure how ethical my idea was, and the fewer people to see us colluding, the better.
“You’re here to get a client,” I whispered.
“So you said. Who?”
“The Wilks family. They’ll want a restraining order against my client.”
“And who is your client?”
“Remember?” I hissed, frustrated. “Joseph Fahima.” I tried to put as much innuendo into his name as she could.
“Right. And who are the Wilks?”
“The victim’s family. When you see them, come yelling at me. Make them think you’re a good attorney and that I’m slime. At the arraignment, I’m going to try to put the idea in their head that they’ll need a restraining order against Joseph. Help me, and get them to hire you if you want the case.”
“I’ve seen a picture of your client. He’s that wiry kid, right? Why would anyone need a restraining order against him? Isn’t the Wilks kid a football player? I saw something about it on the news.”
I scrunched my eyes shut in frustration. “I’ve already explained all this to you, but you didn’t want to hear it.”
Whitney’s face went blank for a second before understanding dawned. “The genie.” In his eyes, I saw his last hope in the power of denial fading away. He cleared his throat. “Okay,” he finally said. “I suppose I can think of some nasty things to say about you if I have to.”
I clapped him on the shoulder. “I knew I could count on you.” He still looked a bit shell-shocked, but I had to leave him to head upstairs to the courtroom to meet Joseph. He was already waiting for me in the gallery, his lanky body looking uncomfortable in his button down shirt and tie. He swallowed nervously as he took his place beside me for the arraignment.
In all my years of practicing law, I couldn’t remember ever feeling so anxious in front of a judge as I did then when I stood beside Joseph and waited for him to make his plea. I knew a part of him still didn’t want to fight the charges and thought being locked up was the only way he could to protect himself from Zach. If he pleaded guilty, I could stop him. As a lawyer, I couldn’t let him lie to the court. Saying that he was guilty of burglary would be saying that he broke into Zach’s house or was there without Zach’s permission, and I knew that was a lie. But if he gave a nolo plea—saying that he refused to contest the version of events put forth by the prosecutor—there would be little I could do to stop the court from sending him to prison for a very long time.
“Mr. Fahima,” Judge Garcia said in her tinkling soprano that belied her stern presence. “You are accused of burglary in first degree. The State has alleged that you willfully broke into and entered the home of Zach Wilks with the attempt to commit a robbery therein. How do you plead?”
“Not guilty, your Honor.”
I let out a small sigh of relief.
“Very well,” the judge said. “Trial is set for three months from now.”
“Your Honor,” I began tentatively. “My client would ask for an earlier court date, in keeping with his Sixth Amendment right to a speedy trial.”
“I’m aware of the Sixth Amendment, Ms. Sands. Is there some reason why your client’s Sixth Amendment rights are greater than the rights of all other accused waiting for their day in court?”
“No, your Honor. Only that my client Mr. Fahima attends school with the complaining witness.” I paused, searching for the right words. “The longer his case remains in limbo, the greater chance there is that there will be some unpleasantness between them as they continue to interact. I know this court can’t now issue an order concerning the boys at school, but I’m hoping for a timely resolution to this matter so both boys can put it behind them and continue with their lives.”
I could feel myself shrivel under Judge Garcia’s gaze. I was aware of how stupid I sounded to be suggesting to the court the possibility of more violence between the boys. I could only hope that I had planted the seed in the minds of the Wilks family and that Judge Garcia would forgive me.
She was not impressed with my suggestion. “Counselor, are you suggesting that you want an earlier court date because you think your client will go after his victim again?”
Though the judge’s question made me feel even worse, I was glad Judge Garcia had spelled it out so clearly for the Wilks family in case they had missed my innuendo.
“No, your Honor!” If I had been wearing pearls, I would have clutched them. “I just think it’s in both boys’ best interest that this be resolved as quickly as possible.”
Judge Garcia looked down her nose at Joseph and hummed. “I think it would also be in your client’s best interest to behave, don’t you, Ms. Sands?”
“Of course.”
“And I think the defendant will be able to control himself around the complaining witness at risk of being in violation of the terms of his bond, don’t you?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“So your client does not need me to revoke his bond? Because you know there’s no motion before the court that would give me the authority to issue an order to keep the boys away from each other. If you think it would even help.”
“No, your Honor. I understand.” It was the best I could hope for. Of course Judge Garcia wouldn’t come right out and say that Zach himself had to be the one to ask for a restraining order in a separate suit that he himself would need to bring, but I hoped the Wilks were able to take something from this exchange.
Judge Garcia dismissed us without moving the trial date, but Mrs. Wilks looked appropriately shaken as she shuffled her son out of the courtroom. I smiled to myself, happy that I had succeeded in planting this seed, even if it made me feel like an idiot in front of the judge.
Whitney was standing in the hallway leaning against a window frame and doing his best not to look like he was waiting for me to come out of the courtroom. I checked to see that Zach and his family were behind me and gave Whitney a curt nod.
He stormed up to me. “What the hell is this motion you filed?”
I looked at him blankly. We hadn’t written a script beforehand, and I clearly wasn’t as good at improv as he was. Luckily, Whitney could tell I was lost.
“This motion to dismiss! You think my client doesn’t have a real fear of Joseph to warrant a restraining order?”
Grateful for the hint, I tried to answer. “I don’t care how fearful your client is of Joseph. He wasn’t the victim of the burglary. The judge can’t order my client to stay away from someone just because they’re afraid. The judge can’t just order Joseph to keep away from random people. Only if there was violence in the past, and Joseph never touched your client.”
I felt a bit obvious—like I was teaching a lesson on restraining orders by yelling—but it appeared to be working. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the Wilks family trying to look like they weren’t eavesdropping. “And keep your voice down!” I shouted at Whitney.
“Your client is dangerous! He has no business being in school with decent kids. The requested order is the only way parents can keep their kids safe until that time.” Pissed off opposing counsel was the part Whitney was born to play.
His scowl deepened, and he continued. “And you! How can you represent someone like that? He attacked his friend in his own house! Who knows what he’ll do to him at school! Good thing you’re a shit lawyer. Fahima doesn’t stand a chance!”
That one kind of hurt. Yeah, I’d told Whitney to yell at me, but I didn’t think he’d get so personal. I hoped Joseph, still standing next to me, was holding up against the verbal onslaught. I hadn’t prepared him for this. On his other side, I saw his mother put her arm around him. Omri was there too, and from the corner of my eye, I could see him fuming. “Well, good luck keeping them all safe! I’ll see you in court! Come on, Joseph!” I turned on my heel and walked to the elevators.
“That was your brilliant plan to keep Zach away from me? To make me look like some thug who’s just waiting to attack anyone and everyone?”
I smiled cryptically. “Just wait.”

It wasn’t long after court that Whitney called. “It worked.” He sounded pleased with himself. “They came up to me right after I left and asked about a restraining order for Zach. We made your client look like a merciless hooligan. Congratulations. Though it was a mortifying performance from both of us.”
“Yeah, you should have seen me try to push the same line in front of the judge. But if it will keep your client away from mine, then I’m thrilled.”
“I gave them the name and number of a friend of mine.”
I blinked at the phone. “What do you mean?”
“They aren’t my clients, Maddy. I don’t want to work for them. I want to work for Joseph, if he’ll have me.”
“I didn’t think you wanted anything to do with the world of genies and magic.”
“I’m sorry for running out on you the other day. It was all too much for me.” He scoffed, mocking himself. “It still is. But I realized, you’re the only one I can talk to about it who won’t try to have me committed. So if that means I have to join your team, I’ll do it.”
“Even though I’m shit and Joseph’s a hooligan?” I asked over a laugh.
“That’s why you need me. Someone has to be the pretty one.”
I groaned. “Right. So I’ll need to catch you up, beautiful.”
“Let’s grab dinner. To catch me up and celebrate the end of the terrible case and the beginning of a new one.”
“Hey, Joseph’s not terrible.”
“If he’s a fairy or whatever...”
“A genie.”
“Right. Well, when can you catch me up?”
“You want to meet tonight?”
“No, sorry, I have...” he paused. “Can you keep a secret? I mean, I know you can, obviously, but can you keep another one for me?”
“I don’t need an excuse for why you can’t meet tonight, Whitney.”
“I joined AA, okay?” he said abruptly. Like he had to say it quickly before his brain sent the message to his mouth to shut it up. “I’m meeting with my sponsor. After Isla.... I mean, I know now it wasn’t a hallucination. But still, it seems like the prudent thing to do. I’m talking to the bar association too about getting a mentor. Not that there’s anyone who has much experience with baobhan sith.” He paused again. “Let’s do it Saturday. I’m trying to do one meeting a night this week, but I can’t bring myself to go on what used to be a binge drinking night for me.”
“I can’t. I’m having dinner with...” I was uncertain how to describe Bran. “A friend.”
“You have a date?”
“No,” I said, still not sure. “He’s my source for, you know, supernatural things. I told you about him.”
“Great, I can meet him. I should get to know him too if I’m going to be joining the case.”
“Yeah, great idea,” I said without any enthusiasm. Maybe I was the slightest bit disappointed that Bran and I wouldn’t get a chance to figure out what was going on between us over dinner as well. “I’ll let him know. And let Joseph know that the crazy lawyer who yelled at me in court is onboard too. He should be pleased.”
Chapter 20

Of course Bran wasn’t hurt when I called him up and told him that Whitney would be tagging along for dinner—“Sprites don’t get hurt,” he’s reminded me—but he seemed less than pleased. At least, he wasn’t his usual carefree self. His tone was serious and measured. “I’m not really out, you know. Well, none of us are, obviously. We can’t really tell people about us.”
“You told me.”
“You’re my lawyer. You have to keep it a secret. At least, I thought you did.” He trailed off, and I thought I detected a hint of disappointment in his voice.
I did my best to explain why Whitney had to join us and why I told him about Bran. “He’s helping me on Joseph’s case. I thought you cared about that and wanted to be involved.”
“Yeah, but I guess I just thought you and I should get to know each other better before we make this a threesome.”
I didn’t have the patience for his feelings. I smiled to myself, for the first time kind of liking the idea that I didn’t have to worry about hurting my partner. Or potential partner. But I didn’t have the patience for his suggestive jokes either. “I’ve seen you through a dozen arrests. I think I know you pretty well.”
“Yeah, but maybe I want to get to know you better.”
That one almost made me feel bad, but I brushed it off. I shouldn’t let someone else make me feel guilty about my career. Especially someone who claimed to be so emotionally resilient. I smiled as I realized that he’d be the perfect boyfriend for a workaholic but then realized the unfortunate truth that said about me. “We’ll do something just the two of us another time. I promise.” I hated myself for saying it. It sounded like all the empty promises I’d heard as a child.
He hummed as he thought about my offer. “Making a promise to a fairy is dangerous business.” I couldn’t tell if he was joking or not. “You better mean it.”
“I do. I’m sorry about Saturday, but this is about Joseph. It should be pretty painless. Just tell him what you told me about fairies and answer our questions, okay? You don’t have to talk about yourself and what you are if you don’t feel comfortable.”
“Fine,” he said after a moment’s consideration. “But he’s not coming over. I’m not cooking for him. We’ll go out.”
“You want to talk about fairies and magic in public?” I asked, puzzled.
“That’s my insurance policy, okay? To stop you guys from getting too crazy.”
“Fine,” I said, pretending he was making sense. “Are we still on tomorrow for Joseph’s tattoo removal?”
“Yeah, I’ll be there. But it won’t fulfil your promise. Sitting in the waiting room won’t count as doing something just the two of us.”
“I know. And I’m sorry, all right? Can you let this go?”
“Maybe,” he said, with a playful spark in his voice. “But I have one more question about Saturday night: will I have to sleep with this guy too to get him to believe me?”
I laughed. “Only if you want to.”

When I arrived at the laser removal clinic the following day, Bran and Joseph were already there. The two of them sat together in a corner looking over a book of photos together. Joseph looked different. He didn’t have that brooding countenance I’d come accustomed to seeing on him. He was actually smiling. At first, I attributed it to hope. Maybe he was confident the laser removal would work. But as I approached the two of them, I felt lighter too. I realized it was Bran’s presence, doing whatever he did with his Sprite-magic to lighten the mood.
“Ready for this?” There was a chipper quality to my voice I wasn’t used to hearing. I shot an annoyed look at Bran—my chipperness had to have been his doing—but then the feeling of being annoyed floated away too.
Joseph shrugged. “I guess so. I’m a little nervous though. Will it hurt?”
Despite his apparent desire to put us in a carefree mood, Bran nodded. “Yeah, but not much more than getting a tattoo.”
Under the best of circumstances, say, in a sterile tattoo parlor, maybe it would have been a useful comparison. But I didn’t think that had been Joseph’s experience. I studied his face wondering how it was that Zach had managed to pin him down and tattoo him. I knew it would be rude, but my curiosity got the better of me. I swallowed nervously. “How did he do it? Zach, I mean. How did it all happen?”
Joseph shot me an injured look.
“I’m sorry,” I said quickly. “If you don’t want to talk about it...”
“You saw him. He’s a big guy. He pinned me down with his knees and arm, and with his free hand carved it into me. He didn’t need it to be pretty. Then he rubbed a pot of ink into the wound.”
I bit my lip to keep myself from vomiting.
“I don’t think it will be quite as painful as that,” Bran said as lightly as he could given the mood Joseph story has plunged us all into. “I had figured he’d used a needle and a ballpoint pen. I see a lot of that. Jobs I have to clean up. Or I send them here.”
Joseph laughed bitterly. “It’s funny. Some pens use iron in their ink. If that had been the case, my body would have rejected it and that would be it. But he used India ink. He must have got it from Hazel. He’s either lucky or he did his homework.”
I frowned. I looked down to the copy of fairytales in my bag. I was still poring through those in case the laser removal didn’t work. Besides, they were pretty interesting. Much more bloody and violent than Disney would have had us believe. I just wished I had the same book Zach was working from.
“How did he figure it all out?”
Joseph shrugged again. “Who knows? A history lesson here. A story in English class there. Throw it whatever the hell they taught him in that cultural sensitivity class he had to take. Mix it in with a home engraving kit or metal shop and there you go.”
It seemed unlikely, but maybe that was just because I still had no leads on my research. Maybe Zach was a lot smarter than I was. “I just thought, if I know what he read, maybe the same things can give us a clue on how to undo whatever he did. If this doesn’t work, that is.”
A woman with a blonde bob and lilac scrubs called for Joseph. “We’re ready for you.”
While Joseph was back being blasted with laser beams or whatever it was they did to him, I flipped through the clinic’s album of before and after pictures. I had to admit, I was impressed. I had expected to see a vague ghost-like tattoo after the laser removal, but in the final shots, I wasn’t able to tell that there had ever been anything there. Next to me, Bran bounced his knee up and down annoyingly. “Stop,” I said he nearly knocked the album off my lap. “Why are you so nervous? This was your idea!”
“I know, but I’ve been reading too.” He sounded dejected. “I think it if were really this simple, one of us would have read something about it by now.”
I shrugged. I was disappointed in his skepticism. “They didn’t exactly have this technology when Scheherazade was telling her stories.” I handed him the book of pictures. “Have you seen these?”
“Oh, I know that laser removal usually works. For humans at least. But for fairies.” He gave a half shrug. “I don’t know any who had to have a tattoo removed. Let alone a genie trying to remove a tattoo that is the source of his master’s control.”
“And you’re not optimistic?”
“Are you?”
I looked back to the album of before and afters, proof of laser removal’s efficacy. But, like Bran said, this was no ordinary tattoo. This whole experiment suddenly felt more like a last ditch attempt than anything else. “No,” I said, resigned. “But I suppose we’ll find out in a few minutes.”
He shook his head. “Even in the best of cases, it will take multiple treatments.”
Ten minutes later, Joseph returned.
“How was it?” I asked hopefully.
He shrugged.
“Joseph tolerated it very well,” the woman with the bob told us. She handed Joseph a leaflet from her clipboard. “This just goes over what we discussed regarding aftercare. And we’ll want to see you again in three to four weeks. Should we schedule the appointment now?” 
He nodded and followed her to the front desk.
“Now what?” Joseph asked as we left the office.
“Now we hope for the best and continue to prepare for trial.”

While we waited for any indication that the laser treatment had worked, I continued to do my homework, trying to find anything about fairies, genies more specifically, that could be used to free Joseph. It felt like a Sisyphean task—a term I learned late at night during such fairytale and mythology reading. I’d read multiple translations of One Thousand and One Arabian Nights, a book on Jewish legends, a book on Greek and Roman mythology just to be thorough, the works of the Grimm brothers, and a veritable rainbow of Lang’s fairy books. I’d even started reading the Midrash, but it had put me to sleep.
The day after Joseph’s appointment, I was supposed to meet with a literature professor from Rice University who specialized in folklore. She had been excited to talk generally about fairytales but couldn’t think of a story that might have the themes I was looking for. She had invited me to sit in on a class she was teaching and come ask questions after.
“Why do you need this?” she asked when I approached her after the lecture had finished. “I can’t imagine a lawsuit that requires an expert opinion on fairytales.”
“I thought fairytales were are about stretching the limits of our imagination,” I said with a haughty air as though trying to prove to her that I had paid attention during her lecture. “My client wrote a story about a genie and is being sued for copyright infringement,” I added more prosaically. Whitney and I had prepared this cover story in case the professor would ask questions. “Our argument is that it wasn’t a new idea. People have been writing about genies and magic for as long as they could hold pens.”
She nodded eagerly. She seemed happy that she would be able to report to her students that there might be a practical use to the things she was teaching them. “Since even earlier. There’s nothing new under the sun.”
I thought I had read that particular pearl of wisdom somewhere before too.
At least she had given me a good reading list, and as the weekend came, I had already collected several of the professor’s suggested books. I gave them a cursory examination to see which might be helpful and prepared summaries for Whitney and Bran. I was taking this reading assignment seriously. I packed a tote bag full of the books and summaries and got ready to head out to meet them for dinner.
As things turned out, however, they never saw my book reports. Holly called crying. I was already late to meet Bran and Whitney and tried to talk her down on the car ride over.
“What’s wrong?”
“It’s stupid,” she said with a sniff. “Allen stuff.”
I remembered today had been the day of her son’s concert and her ex would be there to piss her off. I swore under my breath. After all these years and everything he did, he could still get to her. Though she put on a tough facade the other day while dress shopping, I knew that the reason she went through all that effort was because she was still so vulnerable. “What happened?”
“He brought his girlfriend.”
I sighed and the phone slipped from its awkward position between my ear and my shoulder. “Shit. Hold on,” I said as I pulled over and adjusted the positioning. “Okay, I’m back.”
But she had ignored my temporary absence and had begun on a ramble. “She’s barely twenty! Christ, I should have known! I was only nineteen when we started dating. And all those people he cheated on me with were so much younger. I don’t understand how it can still get to me after ten years. When does it end?”
Through practicing family law, I saw how long this sort of bitterness could last. In short, forever. Some clients just enjoyed making their ex-partners’ lives miserable. Which in turn meant that their ex-partner could, and would, do the same. My advice was always to move on, but no one ever took it. And I couldn’t tell her any of that.
With the phone firmly held in one hand, I took a deep breath and tried to think of something helpful to say. “He’s the father of your children. He’ll continue to get to you until they turn eighteen. And then again at college graduations, weddings, and birthday parties.” Yeah, I suck at giving advice to friends. That’s what they get for befriending a heartless lawyer.
“Thanks. You give me hope,” Holly said dryly. “I just need to get laid,” she admitted finally. “I feel like a good fucking would solve at least some of my problems.”
“Well, I can’t help you there.”
“What makes you think you’re my type anyway?” I could practically hear her rolling her eyes at me over the phone. “Take me out tonight, Maddy. Let’s get drunk until we puke and pick up losers.”
“Tempting,” I said with a snort of laughter. “But I kind of have plans.”
“Hot date?” she asked with a noise between a laugh and a sob. Because the thought of me dating was hilarious to her, I guess.
“Hardly,” I said. Something in my voice must have betrayed me. Holly knew I was hiding something.
“Is this your client you were telling me about? How about we double? You bring your guy, and I’ll bring a blow-up doll?”
“Come on, Holly. Things aren’t that bad.”
“Just give me this, Maddy. Please? You know I won’t make you drink too much.”
“It’s kind of a work thing.”
“Just because you’re fucking your client doesn’t mean it’s a work thing.”
“It’s not that!”
She ignored my protest. “It’s Saturday night! I know you’re not getting any real work done now! Please, Maddy. I don’t want to be alone.”
She sounded desperate, so I caved. “Fine. Why don’t you join us?” I tried to sound chipper and inviting, but I probably just sounded sarcastic.
“No, I don’t want to be a third wheel. Ditch him. If he won’t understand that you need to bail for a friend in need, he’s not a keeper.”
“No, it’s not like that.” I explained how I was meeting with two people—a colleague and a...someone else.
“Tell me about this other lawyer. Is he cute?”
As long as I’d known Whitney, I can honestly say that I’d never evaluated his appearance in that way. Before we started working together, I tried to avoid him. When I thought of him at all it was only to think of what a pain in the ass he was.
I tried to picture his face without knowing the asshole personality that sometimes lurked beneath. He had wavy ash blond hair, green eyes, and a strong jaw. From dressing his wounds, I learned he had strong arms and broad shoulders. In court he could be intimidating, but I was surprised by how congenial I found him when we weren’t fighting. “Yeah, I guess,” I said finally.
“He sounds perfect! It’s settled. I love you, Maddy!”
Against my better judgment, I gave her the name of the restaurant. Holly squealed and hung up the phone.
I threw the phone on the passenger’s seat. I was maybe ten minutes away from Whitney and Bran. I’d make it there before Holly and at least be able to warn them that we wouldn’t be getting any work done and give my apologies. I hoped they wouldn’t be too mad at me.
The restaurant was a small, family owned place by the university. The dining room was cozy and intimate with tables pressed close together. It was probably a poor place to discuss fairies and magic anyway. I told myself that it was for the best that that conversation would have to be postponed.
Whitney and Bran were seated at a table near the back and looking like they were making uncomfortable small talk over drinks and a few appetizers. I braced myself for what I anticipated would be the most awkward dinner of my adult life and walked to the table.
“Good, you’re both here.” I said cheerfully before springing the news about Holly on them. Whitney looked less than pleased that I had sorta kinda set him up. But Bran seemed delighted that the evening would be more of a date and less of an awkward question and answer session. Or he just enjoyed Whitney’s annoyance. I still didn’t understand him and how the feeding off others’ emotions thing worked and would have to wait for another time to get answers to my questions.
“Well, we have a few minutes before she arrives,” I said in what I hoped was a business-like tone. “Any questions?”
“Yeah, I’ve got one or two.” Whitney said, straightening up in his chair. “Bran, in five minutes or less, what are fairies and why should I trust you?”
I stared a Whitney, shocked and embarrassed. “Whitney, you agreed to this. You said you wanted to help.”
“It’s okay, Maddy.” Bran looked simultaneously amused and annoyed at Whitney’s words and attitude, but he stayed composed. “Why don’t you tell me, Whitney? What happened in your life that makes you at your age want to believe in mythical creatures?” From the look in his eyes, I thought he could see right through Whitney.
Whitney blanched and turned to me. “You told him?”
I shook my head. 
“Told me what, Whitney?” Bran’s voice was playful.
He swallowed. “A baobhan sith. That’s what happened. Are they...real?”
Bran nodded. He looked disinterested as he swirled a piece of pita around the hummus plate. “I think I met one or two,” he said with his mouth full. “They can be lovely ladies if you don’t cross them. Nasty pieces of work if you do.”
“Whitney was attacked by one a few weeks ago.”
Bran wiped his mouth with his napkin to hide his smirk.
“It’s not funny.”
“What happened?”
I turned to Whitney, and he shrugged. “Go on and tell him.”
I took a deep breath and told the story beginning with Whitney’s phone call to me in the middle of the night. I left out the fact that the baobhan sith in question had been my client and that Whitney had been representing her husband and made it sound like I was just a friend coming to the rescue.
Bran listened stony faced. “How’s your back now?” he asked when I had finished.
“Healing. I couldn’t catch anything from her, could I?”
“Well, did you wear a condom?”
Whitney actually blushed.
“Fairytale creatures can carry VD too, Whitney. But the more pressing issue is probably...” He broke off. Nervous, he paused and rubbed the back of his neck. “Well, have you had sex since then?”
Whitney shook his head. “No. Why?”
Bran held out his hands in a preemptive defensive gesture. “Look, I don’t know if it’s true. I don’t have a lot of experience with baobhan sith, but they are rumored to steal your, um...” Bran pointed to his lap. “Potency.”
Whitney turned a deeper shade of red. He turned to me with a panicked expression. “I have to get laid.”
“So you forgive me for setting you up then?” I said with a sarcastic snort of laughter.
Of course, at that moment, Holly arrived. I nearly let my paranoia get the better of me to ask how long she had been standing there and what parts of our conversation she had heard, but she seemed blissfully unaware of our discussion on Whitney’s personal problems.
“What did I miss?” she asked.
The three of us fell silent and stared at her. She was wearing the teal dress I had seen her try on at Neiman Marcus the other day. It did look good on her—both classy and sexy—but by the smell of her, she had already started drinking. It seriously smelled like she had rolled around in boxed wine.
I shook my head. “Nothing,” I stammered. I made introductions, and she slid into the seat between Whitney and Bran and helped herself to the bottle of wine that had been ordered for the table. By the way she downed it, I wondered if it really was her goal to drink until she puked. I stared at the menu self-consciously and listened to the awkward sound of the three of them fidgeting until, thankfully, the waiter came to take our order. But once he left, we were plunged back into the awkward silence of people who barely knew each other.
It should suffice to say the dinner was horrible. The food was delicious. Dolma and Turkish pizza with ground beef, pomegranate, and feta. For dessert, baklava dripping in honey. But the company. Dear God.
Whitney was still surly from the revelation Bran had dropped on him seconds before Holly’s arrival. He spent the evening either making covert comments to try to squeeze more information from Bran concerning the likelihood that he was now impotent and his chances of recovery or flirting with Holly in a disgusting show of masculinity in the hopes that maybe she, later and behind closed doors I hoped, could help him get some answers.
For her part, Holly was drunk. When the bottle of wine on the table was empty, she ordered another and nearly finished it herself. I wondered how hard it was on Whitney, considering he had just told me he had joined AA. He seemed to be pretending to ignore it. While she was busy with the bottle, I snuck my hand into her bag and stole her keys. Just in case she had been stupid enough to drive here when she was already plastered.
Bran was the only one who seemed to be enjoying himself. I figured it was part of his sprite nature to relish the discomfort of others.
The worst part was when Whitney found out how Bran and I knew each other.
“I’ve seen you around court, but you’re not an attorney.” It wasn’t a question. There were few attorneys that had tattoo sleeves or so many facial piercings.
Bran laughed into his napkin and shook his head.
In his head, Whitney went through the list of all the people commonly seen in courthouses. “Are you a bail bondsman?” I suppose that was a good guess. Bran did look tough enough to be able to apprehend wayward defendants.
“He’s her client,” Holly said as she poured herself another glass of wine. She looked up and saw my pained expression. “What? Was that some big secret? Or am I wrong? You told me you were dating your client. This isn’t him?” Any sort of discretion she had had left her three drinks ago.
“Holly,” I said. I sounded like a mother scolding a misbehaving child.
Whitney sat up. “Wait a minute, Maddy. You slept with a client? A client who’s a...” He looked at Holly and shut up, trying to keep Bran’s secret.
“A what?” Holly asked, looking between the three of us. “I already know he’s a criminal client.”
Whitney threw his napkin on the table and laughed uncomfortably. “Jesus, Maddy! After all the crap you gave me about Isla...”
Drunken understanding dawned on Holly. “You’re the one who slept with the opposing party?”
I swear I saw a vein bulge in Whitney’s temple.
Holly bellowed a loud, drunken laugh and turned to me. “So apparently I’m the only one at this table who hasn’t had sex with one of your clients.” She eyed Bran hungrily. “I should see what all the fuss is about.”
Bran raised a hand. “I haven’t had sex with one of her clients. At least, not that I know of.”
Holly turned to him as though she was about to reveal a great secret. Surely, it would be one of life’s great mysteries. “You mean to tell me you don’t masturbate? That’s what it is right—sex with yourself? Didn’t Woody Allen say that?”
“Sex with someone you love,” Bran corrected. I silently cursed him for egging her on.
“Well then,” she continued, leaning even close to Bran and looking up at him through her mascara-laced lashes. “Am I the only one here who hasn’t fucked one of Maddy’s clients yet?”
Bran must have realized then we’d ventured into awkward-bad territory opposed to just awkward-funny. Or he just didn’t want to admit his masturbation practices to the table. “I’m going to step outside and have a cigarette.” He put his hand stiffly on my shoulder as he left.
Holly’s eyes flickered between Whitney and me, and, for the first time that evening, she appeared to think before speaking. “Was it me? Did I say something I shouldn’t have?”
Whitney frowned and shook his head. “No. It couldn’t have been that. I’m sure he was just dying to talk about his masturbation habits with two complete strangers and his date.” He spat out the word “date” with venom.
“Oh, please, Whitney. You knew what you were crashing when you said you wanted to come. You can’t blame me that it turned so awkward.”
Holly drunkenly tried to stand up and almost knocked over her chair. “Should I go apologize?”
“No. Let’s just try to forget about it,” I said. I refilled her water glass and tried to tempt her with it.
She shook her head and made herself dizzy with the motion. “I better go freshen up,” she said before stumbling her way to the restrooms.
Whitney raised his glass to me. “Well, here’s to a great evening, Maddy. And your hypocrisy.”
“Hypocrisy?” I asked. “What the fuck, Whitney?”
“You gave me such a hard time about Isla and then you go and do the same thing. But Bran’s kinda hot, I guess. Maybe he’s an attractive nuisance.”
I stared at him blankly for a second.
“You know, like how the owner can be held liable if uninvited, neighborhood kids hurt themselves on trampolines or swimming pools.”
“I know what an attractive nuisance is, Whitney. I went to law school too, you know. It was just a terrible joke. Besides, what’s going on with me and Bran is not remotely the same thing as what you did with Isla.” I didn’t want to go into the long list of how the situation was different—least of all, ethically. I knew at least a few of my reasons would be thin rationalizations. “Look, I’m sorry this evening went to shit. I’m sorry I tried to set you up with a lush.”
“Yeah, I don’t know why you thought that was a good idea.”
I said nothing. I just picked up a piece of pita bread and started tearing it to shreds.
“What’s going on between you and Bran anyway?” he asked me, breaking the silence that was somehow as awkward as the conversation earlier.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean are you two dating or what?”
“I think that was what this dinner was all about. To try to figure that out.”
“So why’d you let me crash it?”
I shrugged. “I don’t know. I’m worried about Joseph. I thought it was a better idea to meet and talk about what we can do there. And I’m afraid, Whitney. You’re right. This is a terrible idea. I guess I wanted to put off having that conversation or just sabotage the relationship before it starts. Then Holly called me crying. Some shit with her ex-husband,” I explained vaguely.
“She’s been in the bathroom a while. You don’t suppose she tried to drink the hand sanitizer?”
“I better go check on her.”
I walked through the small dining room and around the bar to the restaurant’s bathrooms, but the women’s room was empty. “Damn it,” I hissed. I wondered if Holly just decided to ditch us and go home. I hoped not. Since I’d taken her keys, she could call a cab but she’d be locked out of her house. I couldn’t blame her for wanting to bail, even if I did blame her for how shitty the evening became.
I checked outside, wondering if I could still catch her.
“Fuck,” I muttered when I saw them. Holly was engaged in a drunken hook-up. Her face was trying to suck the life out of some man she just met, and his hands were grabbing more ass than they could comfortably handle. What made it extra classy was that the guy she was with was Bran.
Upon hearing me, they quickly pulled apart from each other. Holly looked embarrassed, and Bran looked a bit inquisitive. They both looked pretty surprised to see me, as though they had forgotten they were supposed to be having dinner with me.
I didn’t have anything else to say to them. I handed Holly her keys and just walked to my car.
“Maddy, wait.”
I ignored them and drove home.
Chapter 21

Whitney called me the following morning. “So that went well, don’t you think?”
In the drama of last night, I had forgotten that I had just ditched him in the restaurant, stuck with the bill and untold amounts of half-eaten Turkish food. “Fuck. I’m sorry, Whitney.”
“Don’t apologize to me. I asked the waiter to bag everything up, so at least I’ve got leftovers for the rest of the week.”
“I’m sorry,” I said again. “I’ll pay you back for all the food.”
“How about I bring some of it over to your place? I saw what happened. You want some company? I’ll come by, and we can bitch about men or do whatever it is that women do after a break up.”
I laughed. I didn’t know if this qualified as a break up because I wasn’t sure if Bran and I had had the requisite relationship, but I could use the company. “Ice cream and sappy romantic movies. If you’re lucky, I’ll even complain about Bran’s performance in bed.”
“Hmmm...what about ice cream and Die Hard?”
“Fine, but you have to let me paint your toenails.”
He pretended to consider it for a moment. “I don’t think you want to see my feet.”
I took a long shower, as though I could wash away the disaster that had been last night, and by the time I got out of the bathroom, my doorbell was ringing. I threw on the first thing I saw that looked presentable and rushed down to meet Whitney. But it wasn’t Whitney at my door. It was Holly.
“I tried to call you,” she explained. “I guess you didn’t want to talk.” She was wearing a frumpy light pink sweatshirt over black leggings, and her eyes were red and puffy. I hadn’t seen her look that disheveled since college after a night of hard drinking. For a second, I wondered what she and Bran had been up to after I’d left. Then I realized no, I didn’t want to think about that. I shook my head to clear it of the image.
“You’re right, Holly. I don’t.”
“I’m so sorry, Maddy.”
I just nodded.
“I don’t know what came over me. I knew it was wrong, but I did it anyway.”
I nodded again. I knew what had come over her. It was Bran’s sprite-magic. He made her forget that it was wrong to hook up with her best friend’s...well, whatever Bran was to me. That explained her role in it anyway. But I also knew that Bran couldn’t make someone do something that they didn’t already want to do. And I had no idea why Bran hadn’t considered my feelings either.
“But nothing happened. Really, it was just... well, what you saw.”
I glared at her. I didn’t know what bothered me more—that they had hooked-up or that Holly was trying to minimize it. Holly knew it was wrong, and she was trying to downplay it by saying she could have done worse. For all I knew, they would have done a lot more if I hadn’t caught them, so that meant nothing to me.
“Say something, please.”
I shrugged. “What do you want me to say?” I was aware that I sounded petulant, but I just wasn’t ready to have this conversation. I wanted Whitney to get to my house already with his ice cream and, God help me, Die Hard.
 Holly shrugged. “Anything. Yell at me. Call me a whore. Don’t just stand there judging me.”
“I really...” I floundered, not even knowing how to say I didn’t know what to say. It may have felt good to be cruel and slam the door in her face, but this was my best friend for years. We saw each other at our worst—law school and the divorce. I knew I’d forgive her sooner or later, but it just wasn’t going to be now.  “I’m still trying to make sense of it all.”
She swallowed and nodded. “Okay, well, for what it’s worth, I didn’t mean to fuck things up between you and Bran. You’re my best friend, Maddy.”
“I know. I’ve got to work,” I said to try to end the confrontation. “Whitney is on his way to talk about the case and all. Since we didn’t get to talk last night.”
Holly nodded. “Call me when you want to talk about it.”
“Yeah. Bye, Holly.”
Whitney came up my walkway carrying a few shopping bags just as Holly was leaving. He raised his eyebrows at me as he came to my door. “Should I go?”
I shook my head. I realized I was glad to see Whitney. “Holly was just leaving. Come in, please.”
He didn’t ask about Holly, and I was grateful for it. I didn’t want to talk about any of it. Not yet. He walked to the kitchen, already knowing the way. “As promised,” he said triumphantly, as he set the bags down on the table. “Ice cream, leftover Turkish food, and Die Hard.”
“The breakfast of champions,” I said as I pulled dishes out of the kitchen cabinets. 
He opened a third bag and brought out a six pack of Corona and a fresh lime. “I didn’t think this would go amiss either.”
I looked at him puzzled. “I thought you joined AA. Aren’t you supposed to be giving this up?”
“Yep,” he said as he tossed me the lime. “Cut this up, would you? But I realized, why stop now? I can stop whenever I want to, right? Isn’t that what I’m supposed to say?”
“I think I should try to stop you. Get you to call your sponsor or something.”
“Relax, Maddy. I appreciate your concern. Really, I do. I just figured, I’m going to have to be honest in AA, right? I don’t think I can very well tell them I was attacked by a Scottish vampire. And I think I’m going to need alcohol to get through all this. Genies and sprites and shit. I’m not maintenance drinking. I don’t show up to work or court drunk. Maybe I overreacted before by joining. It’s just that fairies are hard to take. They’ll make anyone think they have a problem.”
I frowned. I had to let Whitney make his own choices. And I reminded myself that I barely knew Whitney. It was easy to forget that fact after bandaging his half-naked body and letting him crash on my couch. But really, aside from opposing each other a few times in court, we had been strangers until very recently. Maybe he didn’t really have a drinking problem. Maybe this was none of my business.
“Okay,” I said meekly. I placed the lime on my cutting board and stared at it, frowning as though this tiny piece of nearly inedible fruit were to blame for all my recent troubles. Maybe it was. It had been what started things off with me and Bran.
Oblivious to my ruminations on citrus, Whitney started putting day old dolmas on plates and spooned out ice cream. We took our food into the living room and watched Die Hard in silence. Well, Whitney watched it. I just tried to choke down cold meat and stared at the screen as my mind raced. Meena finally came out of her hiding place to stare at us reproachfully. The gunfire and yelling in the movie had disturbed her nap.
“Come here, Meena,” I called and made that clicking sounds with my tongue that cats seemed to find irresistible. She jumped on my lap, and I stroked her absentmindedly. I had read somewhere that petting a cat would lower your blood pressure, but it just seemed to leave me covered in cat fur.
“What kind of name for a cat is Meena, anyway?” Whitney asked.
“It’s short for Miss Demeanor. Misdemeanor, get it?”
Whitney rolled his eyes at me. “You gave me crap last night for making an attractive nuisance joke, but your cat is named after a class of crimes. And you called me a hypocrite. Pot, meet kettle.”
I narrowed my eyes at him in what I hoped was a condescending glare and not just the drunken, inability to keep my eyes open look. “Please. Jokes about criminal law make me edgy and show how jaded I am. Personal injury jokes just make you look like an ambulance chaser.”
“Sure, Maddy,” he said with a patronizing, little nod.
I turned back to the movie, but I wouldn’t be able to tell you anything that happened in it. One shoot out scene seemed to blur into another. About an hour later, I groaned. “I can’t take it anymore!”
“What, the violence? I never pegged you as one with a weak stomach. What with the criminal defense work you do and naming your cat after a class of offenses. I’m surprised you don’t have two more cats named Rape and Murder.”
“It’s not that. It’s this shit with Holly and Bran. I don’t know what to do.”
Whitney paused the movie, catching Alan Rickman making a ridiculous face. “Seems pretty simple to me. You have a few choices. One, dump them both. I didn’t think you were that invested in the Bran relationship anyway, but it’s still a crappy thing to do to a friend.”
I shook my head. “No, I think it’s more complicated than that. He has this way about him,” I tried to explain. “He can make people do things they know they shouldn’t do.”
Whitney rolled his eyes. “You think this a sprite thing?”
“Maybe.”
He scoffed. “It sounds like a pathetic excuse he would give for why he ‘couldn’t control himself.’” He even made little air quotes with his fingers as he said it. “I mean, he controlled himself around you for how long? You’ve been his client forever and he never made a pass at you or made you want to rip off his clothes or anything. He can control it. He just chose not to.”
I frowned. Of course, I didn’t know a lot about being fae or a sprite, but I didn’t think it was as simple as how Whitney was making it. “There might be more to it that than.”
“Okay,” Whitney said with a sigh. He fumbled around with his spoon for the last bits of ice cream. “So option two. Because of his spriteness or whatever.” He waved his hands around as he said it, both indicating and mocking the whole world of fairies all around us that we didn’t yet understand. “You’re willing to forgive him for trying to get it on with your best friend after he had just slept with you? And you’re willing to forgive your best friend for trying to steal your man?”
“Bran’s not my man. But maybe. Because of this whatever,” I said, waving my hands as Whitney did and startling Meena, “I’m willing to understand that it was just too tempting for him to resist helping her give into the forbidden. I mean, it’s still both their faults, but it’s just not as simple as a Jerry Springer episode.”
Whitney exhaled loudly. He looked uncomfortably out of his depth. “Should I be arguing you with and telling you to ditch them both because they did you wrong?”
“Only if you’re a country western song.” I finished off my beer. “No, we’ll still need him to help with the Joseph thing, so I can’t really ditch him completely.”
“So if I’m not here to tell you that you’re better off without them both, what’s my role?”
I held out my empty Corona bottle. “Your role it to get me another beer.”
He did. He sat there for a minute in silence while he watched me drink it. “Is that all you need?”
“I think I need to talk to Bran.”
“Are you sure you’re ready to? I mean, you did just kick Holly out. And she’s the one that’s supposed to be your friend, right?”
I shot him an evil look. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. Nothing maybe. Or maybe that I’m wondering if it’s just drunken hormones talking. That you might regret talking to him once you sober up.”
Ever the model of maturity and sobriety, I stuck my tongue out at him. “I’m sober as the judge. See!” I began making a feeble attempt at field sobriety tests. I looked up to the ceiling and touched the tip of my pointer fingers to my nose using one hand then the other, only occasionally poking myself in the eye.
Whitney still looked skeptical. “You know what you’re going to say to him?”
“I’ll figure it out on the way there.” I pulled myself from the sofa and was reassured by how little the room seemed to shift and spin. Coffee and another shower would sober me up enough to be able to drive. “You stay and finish Die Hard.”
Whitney popped the movie out of the DVD player. “I have a sneaking suspicion that if I stay, I’ll be interrupted by you and Bran having make up sex.”
“That is a legitimate concern. I’ll call you later then.”
Whitney looked at me warily. “Be safe, Maddy.”
Chapter 22

Nervously, I checked my hair and make-up before I got out of my car near Bran’s tattoo parlor. I couldn’t believe how jittery I felt. Shouldn’t he be the nervous one?
The tattoo parlor was in a trendy part of Houston. It wasn’t the seedy kind of parlor that I would imagine catered to bikers and the occasional rebellious teenager who wanted a butterfly on her breasts. The small front room reminded me of a spa’s waiting room. The walls were painted a deep burgundy, and the ceiling and crown molding were done in cream. A large ficus tree sat in a corner. Pictures in shiny frames showed examples of tattoos or piercings done here. A few curvy armchairs circled a coffee table holding books on ritualistic markings and body modifications. On one end of the small room was a low bookcase with photo albums, and on the other end was a glass display case of body jewelry. A woman with a bright blue pixie cut and multiple hoops through her eyebrow stood behind the display case. She looked up from her sketch pad and eyed me suspiciously. Apparently, I had an aurora of uptight lawyer and didn’t look like their normal clientele.
“Can I help you?” She sounded like she really wanted to ask me if I was lost.
“I’m here to see Bran.”
“He’s upstairs with a client now. Do you have an appointment?” she asked with a judgmental arch in her pierced eyebrow.
I couldn’t fucking believe it! I was being chided for doing a walk-in at a fucking tattoo parlor. Who the fuck did she think she was? “No, I’ll wait.”
She glared at me like she thought that was a bad idea. “What’s your name? I can tell him that you’re here.”
“Madeline.”
“Madeline,” she repeated back. She made it sound like I was some rich girl driving daddy’s car who was everything she despised—the girl who in high school had made fun of her hair and clothes and for not having enough money. She slipped through a set of saloon doors and out of sight, her heavy boots thundering up the stairs. She returned a few moments later, still with the condescension in her voice. “He’ll send for you soon.”
She went back to sketching and didn’t look at me again.
While I waited, I flipped though the photo albums. It wasn’t just tattoos and piercings. Apparently Bran also did scarification and branding. I shuddered. Tattoos and piercings I could understand, maybe, even though I didn’t do pain so well. But I didn’t think I could ever understand why anyone would want something carved into their flesh. I thought of Joseph and nearly vomited all over Bran’s photo album.
After a while, I heard someone shout, and the girl at the counter told me I could go on up. I thanked her and made my way to the back.
Behind the doors, Bran’s tattoo parlor seemed a lot seedier. The smell of disinfectant covered up the odors of ink and bodily fluids. Snapshots of red, bleeding tattoos hung on the walls. And the room’s furniture was a hodgepodge of things that all looked like they belonged elsewhere—an stainless steel sink that should have been a surgical scrub station, a padded chair that would have felt at home at a dentist’s office, a rolling set of red metal drawers from a toolshed, and a drawing table from an artist’s studio. Or maybe I was projecting and I was the only one out of place.
A college aged kid was tying his shoes. “Thanks, man,” he said as he slipped Bran a wad of cash. “Next month, okay?”
“You got it.”
The kid winked at me as he left.
“We’re working on some designs on his calf,” Bran explained as he snapped off his latex gloves and tossed them in a trashcan. “To cover up a homemade tattoo he got in high school.”
I nodded, but I couldn’t have cared less about that kid’s leg.
Bran put his hand on my waist and stood up to kiss me. I stiffened. “What is it?”
I narrowed my eyes. “How can you ask me that after last night?”
He seemed to deflate as he sat back down on his wheeled stool. “That thing with Holly?” He sounded genuinely surprised that I could be upset about it.
“Yes, that thing with Holly!” I hissed.
Bran looked taken aback. “I don’t understand.”
I sighed. Though I hadn’t come angry, I was quickly losing my temper. “Is hooking up with my best friend your way of forcing us into the relationship talk I know you wanted to have?”
“Maddy, I already told you how I feel about you. What happened with Holly doesn’t change that. I just...” he ran his hand through his hair thinking of a way to try to explain it to me. Finally he shrugged his shoulders, and with his palms turn outward said simply, “I’m a sprite.”
“Yeah, I got that.” Weary from fighting with both him and Holly, I echoed what Whitney had said earlier. “You think I should forgive you just for that?”
“Well, at least let me explain.” For a moment, he banged around his workspace, throwing wrappers and cotton dressings in a trashcan and metal equipment I couldn’t name into what looked to be an autoclave. “She thought I would make her ex-husband angry.”
“She told you this?”
He gave a half shrug. “I read it on her. It’s not that hard to figure out. People aren’t all that complicated. Especially drunk women.”
I shook my head. It sounded like more bullshit to me, and I told him so. But I knew that was just me wanting to be angry. He really could read how Holly felt. But then, why couldn’t—or wouldn’t—he read or care about how I felt?
“She needed someone to want her to make herself feel attractive again. Not someone safe like Whitney. Someone that you wouldn’t want to bring home to mom and dad.”
“So you think you were doing her a favor? But what about how I feel? Just because she wanted to get back at her ex doesn’t mean I’d be okay with you hooking up with her.”
He shook his head. “No, and she knew that too. Which in turn made her... Well, Maddy, that’s what I need.” He broke off and sighed. “You know what I am, Maddy.” He was a junkie explaining why he stole money for a fix. He just couldn’t help himself.
“Is this you trying to see how I really feel by making me jealous?”
“I told you, I don’t play games.” He looked at me through narrowed, appraising eyes. “But now that you mention it, I’m not so sure you can have it both ways—keep me at arm’s length then be upset when I’m with someone else.”
“So you’ve moved on?”
“No, Maddy.” He grabbed a tub of disinfectant wipes and cleaned his work area and the chair to avoid having to say anything else.
I nodded and wondered where that left us. I sat down on his stool and spun a bit. That was probably a bad idea. I was still slightly drunk. At least, being drunk was my excuse for thinking it was a good idea to come to a tattoo parlor for a relationship talk with the magical creature who just cheated on me. “But don’t you understand how it would hurt me? I mean, I know you don’t get hurt, but do you understand that others do?”
He turned back to me. “Yes, but do you understand that I need that? Her fear and excitement? Like how you need oxygen?”
“But I thought that’s why you work here!” I gestured to the dental chair, the workbench, all the crap he had thrown in the autoclave that I couldn’t name. “Don’t you get enough of it here that you can, I don’t know, hold your breath when you’re out with my friends?”
“If that’s what you want.” He said it calmly, conversationally, as if I were asking him if he wanted to go for a walk. He sat on the padded bench where his clients sit and put his hands on my knees to steady me. “If that will make you happy. I didn’t know you wanted to be exclusive. I thought we were still trying out fun.”
It was all too irritating for me. His calm demeanor irritated me. And it irritated me that I was getting my way. I had expected him to be defensive or put up a fight. It had been a bad idea to come here drunk and before I had figured anything out for myself. “I don’t know, Bran. Can we start with maybe that you don’t hook up with my friends? Not while you’re supposed to be out with me?”
“Of course. I really am sorry.”
“Can you even be sorry?” Snapping at him was dissatisfying as I realized that it probably wouldn’t upset him or make him angry, which made me even more upset.
“Yes.” He pulled on my knees, bringing me closer to him. “I got carried away, and I’m sorry. I’ll be better. I promise. It wasn’t just a ploy to get to have this talk with you, but I’m glad we finally did. Just be patient with me when I make sprite fuck ups.”
I rolled my eyes but smiled wryly. “Is this part of being a sprite too? Getting people to forgive you?”
“No. It’s just your forgiving nature. I’ve already told you. I can’t make you do what you don’t want to do already.”
Chapter 23

In crime dramas, the police catch the bad guy, and after the next commercial break he’s on trial. That’s just one of the many ways in which real life is not like TV.
Judge Garcia had given us three months until trial. Depending on the complexity of the case of course, that was usually enough time for the lawyers to entrench themselves in the facts and the different versions of the story, build a defense, and to get completely sick of the entire thing and everyone involved. That’s not counting the inevitable delays and continuances for God knows what. It’s driven many defendants to just plead guilty for the sake of getting it all over with. So much for the right to a speedy trial.
But for Joseph’s case, that time seemed to fly by. Life’s always that way—the more I dread something, the faster it comes. Though I had faith in Joseph and believed he was telling me the truth, I knew his innocence would be a hard sell to the jury. Not in the least because I couldn’t very well tell the jury Joseph was a genie enslaved by Zach and ordered to go over to house without getting myself locked up in a psych ward.
And trial was only part of Joseph’s problems. My problems too now since I’d taken it upon myself to help him with his genie thing since he so kindly let me get him out of jail. I can’t help but think he got the better part of that bargain. Monday morning I learned we were nowhere closer to solving that problem. Joseph called me at my office just before lunch.
“Shouldn’t you be in school?”
He grunted. “Too sick. I’ve got a fever of 104.”
“Is it from the treatment last week? Wasn’t there a risk of infection?”
“I don’t think that’s what it is exactly.”
“What then?”
“I better show you.”
I cringed, worrying that it was completely unrelated to the tattoo removal attempt and that I was about to be exposed to the flu. “No, stay where you are. Have some chicken soup or something.”
“I’m pretty much bed bound, Maddy. Even if my mom would let me leave the house, I’m too dizzy to walk down the stairs of my house. I’m sending you a picture. But heads up: it’s not pretty.”
“Okay,” I said anxiously.
Two minutes after we hung up, my phone chirped at me to indicate a text message. I opened it nervously. It was a picture of his chest. The Seal of Solomon was still there, maybe even darker and thicker than it had been before he had attempted laser removal. Or maybe it only appeared that way because it was surrounded by puffy red skin with weeping sores. It reminded me of Whitney’s wounds. I grew sick to my stomach looking at it. I sent the image to Bran and called him in a panic.
“That’s not what it’s supposed to look like, right?”
“It’s supposed to get a white crust.”
“So what the hell happened?”
“It’s infected, obviously.”
“What does he do now?”
“See a doctor, Maddy,” he said like I was an idiot. “He needs a course of antibiotics. What do you think you do for an infection?”
It took over a week for the infection to clear up. When he was just about healed, he came to my office after school for Bran to take a look and give his opinion. Joseph’s chest was badly scarred. The tattoo, however, seemed as clear as it ever was, as though the lasers had had no effect. “Will the lasers work through the scars?” I asked.
Bran shrugged, but Joseph shook his head vigorously. “Nuh uh. I’m not going through that again.”
“So what now then?” I asked, exasperated. To make matters worse, on that day I had also learned that the court had denied my motion to suppress the Dr. Ward’s expert report. The denial hadn’t been surprising exactly, just disappointing.
A smile grew on Joseph’s face. He seemed cautiously optimistic. It was an odd look for him, or maybe I just wasn’t used to seeing him smile. “I think we went about it the wrong way.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean we tried to use technology to destroy something magical. There’s magic or whatever you want to call it embedding in my tattoo somehow. That’s why the lasers didn’t work.”
I raised my eyebrows. “So you want to try to use something magical?”
“Maybe not magical, but something mystical.”
In no mood for a guessing game, I dropped my head into my hands. “Spit it out, Joseph! What do you want to try?”
“I’m thinking maybe something from Kabbalah can help.”
“Kabbalah?” I repeated flatly, still wishing Joseph would tell me his plan.
“Yeah. Mystical Judaism.”
I drew a deep breath. I was completely out of my depth. All of Joseph’s case was new to me, to say the least, but I didn’t know anything about Kabbalah other than that’s what Madonna thought she practiced. “Does Kabbalah have anything to say about genies and masters?”
“Not exactly. But since the lasers didn’t work, I figured I could at least ask around there.” He shrugged.
I nodded. “Okay. That’s as good idea as any. I don’t know any Kabbalist though.” I turned to Bran. “Do you?”
He shook his head. “No, but I’ll look, of course. I know some Jewish fae. I talked to them before, but I’ll ask again from this angle. It’s a good idea, Joseph.”
Joseph stopped us. “I may have already found someone. I asked my rabbi some general questions, and he knows a guy who knows a guy and so on. You know how it goes.”
I didn’t know how these things went but didn’t think my ignorance was particularly relevant. Joseph thought a piece of the puzzle was about to fall into place, and that was all that mattered. “That’s great, Joseph,” I said. “But, well, don’t take this the wrong way, but what do you need us for?”
“I set up appointment with the guy. I was hoping you guys might be able to come with me.” His smile changed from optimistic to pleading.
“Have you asked your mother to go?” I asked delicately. It felt as though Joseph had come to see Bran and me as almost parental figures, helping to guide him through this mess. While that was sweet, I worried that I was getting too close to him and his case and about how badly I would let him down when I failed. “She might want to come too. She’s worried about you. I don’t know what she must be thinking after what happened with your infected chest. She wants to know what you’re going through.”
Joseph’s smile had morphed into a disappointed and frustrated grimace. “Maddy, I’m not here for family counseling. Let me handle my parents my way, okay? Are you coming with me or not?”
“Of course, I’ll come. I just think you need to have a heart to heart with her.”
He rolled his eyes but otherwise ignored my advice. “I told him I’d meet him in a half hour, so let’s go.”
I grumbled at the lack of notice that he’d given me but grabbed my things to go.
Joseph took us out to Meyerland by Brays Bayou. To me, Brays Bayou was quintessentially Houstonian. The river, if it could even be called that, stretched across the city and at one time may have been scenic. In the 1950s, it was channelized, which meant the Army came and poured concrete under it. It was supposed to help with flooding, but it just goes along with Houston’s architectural theme of paved Hellscape. Your travel agent will tell you that Houston is Bayou City, but she neglects to mention that our bayous look like factory runoff. 
After a few twists and turns away from the sad, little river, Joseph stopped us by a dated apartment complex. The yellow siding and asymmetrical roofs may have been fashionable in the 1970s when the complex was built.
“I think this is it.”
It was the last place I would have looked for a Kabbalist, but what did I know?
Joseph led us through a maze of overgrown shrubs, up a flight of rusty stairs, and to a green door marred by scuff marks and peeling paint and knocked.
An older man with a beard that would have impressed ZZ Top answered the door.
“Rabbi Schiffman?”
He nodded. “You must be Yosef.”
“Actually, it’s just Joseph,” he said and offered his hand. Rabbi Schiffman grunted as though he disapproved of his name. “This is Maddy and Bran. My lawyer and my...”
“Friend,” Bran said and shook the rabbi’s hand.
“Hello,” I said. The rabbi nodded but would not shake my hand. Joseph shook his head slightly at me. I stuck my hand in my pocket and tried not to be offended.
The rabbi motioned for us to come in and sit down and shuffled out of sight to his kitchen. I didn’t know why I felt so nervous. Something about the dark apartment set me on edge. Nothing I could put my finger on. It was just eerie and otherworldly. Maybe otherworldly was a good sign, but that didn’t mean I had to like it. Vertical blinds hung over the windows and rattled in the air conditioning. I pulled my jacket tighter around my body, wondering if the cold I felt was only from the vents or if the creepy feeling I got from the apartment came with a chill. I sat on the edge of a plaid sofa. On one side of me sat Bran. On the other was an end table holding a cage of parakeets.
Joseph came over to the cage and whistled at the birds. They hopped right over to him and whistled back like he was a princess in a Disney movie.
“How’d you do that?” I asked a bit in awe.
He shook his head. “I’m just good with animals, I guess.”
Rabbi Schiffman had returned from his kitchen with a tray of tea and cookies. “Please, make yourself at home. Tea, anyone?” Without waiting for an answer, he poured tea for all of us in mismatched mugs.
I didn’t really like tea but took a mug to be polite. It was minty and too sweet, but I kept it in my hands to help warm me up. I looked around the room while I drank. Four clocks hung on the walls, but between all of them, they were only right eight times a day. If that. On one of them both hands hung lifelessly at the six, as though they had just given up. Each clock was a work of art itself, and maybe that was why he kept them on his walls. But for someone like me whose livelihood depended on time and deadlines, it was disorientating.
The rabbi saw me looking. “My students,” he said with another grunt. “They complain that I am always late. So each one, thinking he’s so clever, goes to the Holy Land and brings me back a clock. Jerusalem stone, Armenian ceramic, or some local artisan. I even have an alarm clock that sounds like a shofar. And so, I’m on time until the battery dies.”
“You should tell them to bring you back a pack of batteries instead.”
The rabbi laughed a little too loudly at my joke and forced a cookie on me. It was sesame and honey and hard to bite. I watched as the rabbi dipped his own in his tea to soften it and copied him. When he was finished, he clapped his hands together, making me jump. “So, Joseph, we’re here about your little demon problem, right?”
Next to me, I felt Bran cringe. The rabbi noticed it too. “Don’t take offense. I know it isn’t a very nice word in English, but it’s just a word. In Hebrew, it’s shedh, and we translate it in English to demon. In Arabic, it’s nicer. Jinn or genie with all the fairytales that come with it. Though they were birthed out of exoticism and imperialism, and that’s not very nice either.
“But our word, shedh, comes from the Akkadian word, which refers to a sphinx in particular. And our people are less exotic and more, well...” He struggled to find a word to describe two thousand years of antisemitism and attempts at assimiliation. When he couldn’t, he shrugged and started his linguistic lesson again. “In the Akkadian empire, they were benevolent spirits. But us Jews, we believe in one god and labeled shedhim false gods.”
“You think Joseph is a god?” I was more than a bit surprised by that conclusion from a man of faith.
The rabbi shook his head. “No, it’s just the same word is used. I’m sorry, Joseph. ‘Demon’ doesn’t seem like a politically correct term, but there you are. And remember its root: ‘demon’ meant divinity. It wasn’t until Christianity came that it became a word associated with evil. So thousands of years ago, you were a god, but now you’re just an outdoor storage unit. It could be worse. If we were speaking German, you’d be a ghost. But things are always worse when you’re speaking German.”
“Okay, well, thanks for the linguistics lesson, but does knowing any of this help Joseph be normal?” I didn’t mean to sound so brash, but I couldn’t help but bristle at his seemingly judgmental words.
He tisked and shook his head again. “‘Normal’ isn’t a very nice word either. I can’t change what Joseph is. Nor should he want me to. But there’s something there.” He reached his hand out and poked Joseph over his tattoo. “And that’s what we can see about. Take off your shirt, please.”
 Joseph obeyed. The rabbi hissed when he saw it. I didn’t know which was more upsetting to him—the scaring or the tattoo itself.
“It looked much worse before,” Joseph said. While that was true, the tattoo still wasn’t pretty. The thick scar tissue was scaly and red. Though I had just seen it a few moments ago in my office, it somehow looked worse in the rabbi’s poorly lit living room than it had under my bright fluorescent lights.
The rabbi prodded it gently with two fingers. “You tried to have it removed, didn’t you?” Joseph nodded. The rabbi turned to Bran with an accusatory finger. “You should have known better!”
“Me?”
“Yes, you. I don’t know what you are, but I can tell from your,” he waved his arm in circles in the general direction around Bran’s head, “whatever that you’re not human as I know it. You should have known better.”
I shifted uncomfortably in my seat, glad that it hadn’t been my idea.
Bran shrugged it off, probably thanks to his superpower that prevented him from getting hurt. “I don’t see how I would. Why should I know everything about every type of fairy there is? Do you? Or is your knowledge limited to those out of Jewish mythology?”
The rabbi gave another one of his grunts and turned back to Joseph’s tattoo.
“Do you think you can help me?”
He shrugged. “Wait here.” He turned down the darkened hall to the bedrooms.
“Where did you find this guy?” Bran whispered after the rabbi had gone.
“How do we ever find each other?”
Bran pointed down the hall with his thumb. “He’s fae?”
Joseph shook his head slowly, as though unsure. “I don’t think so.”
I set down my mug of tea with an exceptionally loud clatter that startled me and caused the birds to screech. “I think we should get out of here. Something doesn’t feel right.”
Bran looked at me with puzzled surprise as though to ask what do I know about anything. “Yeah, you’ve had fae clients for years and didn’t pick up on anything. I’m not sure if we should trust your instincts.”
“I need all the help I can get,” Joseph said with insistence in his voice. “Let’s just see what he has to say.”
Bran smirked. “It’s why we’re here.”
The rabbi returned a moment later with a glass bottle, a small box, and a coarse white cloth in his hand. He sat down next to Joseph and set the items on the coffee table. He poured some of the liquid from the bottle onto the cloth. “It’s just water,” he said calmly. “But should we ever say ‘just water?’ Water is life giving, but it also can kill. Water knows no borders. The same water that I used to make that tea was in the Gulf of Mexico and flows through the river in the Garden of Eden.”
The box looked like an old snuff box. Not a nice one that you would find for sale in an antique shop but a rusted and stained one, like one that you would find clearing out an elderly relative’s home after a funeral. The rabbi opened up the box and ran some of the white substance between his fingers. “Salt from the Sea of Life. Or the Dead Sea, as it’s more commonly called. Life, death,” he said, tasting the words. “Same thing, isn’t it?”
“No,” I said flatly.
Joseph shot me a look to silence me, but the rabbi made an equivocating noise. “Same coin, different side. Like pain and healing.” The half of his face visible above his beard grew grave. He turned to Joseph. “Do you understand what I am saying, Joseph?”
Joseph swallowed. “This is going to hurt.” His tone was somewhere between a question and a testament to his determination.
Rabbi Schiffman nodded. Joseph nodded in reply, and the rabbi put the salt on the wet cloth and touched it to Joseph’s chest. He bowed his head and said some words in a foreign language. Then, without warning, he scrubbed the saltwater soaked cloth over the tattoo. Hard. Joseph winced. Within seconds, the cloth turned red with Joseph’s blood. He groaned in pain but did nothing to stop the rabbi.
Beside me, Bran had turned completely white. He shook his head slowly in disbelief. His mouth moved shaping what I could only imagine were the worst, most violent words, but no sound came out.
“Stop it!” I said finally, screaming. “Can’t you see it’s hurting him?”
The rabbi ignored me.
Joseph sucked in a breath and shook his head in quick, jerky motions. “Maddy, no!” he hissed at me through his gritted teeth. He’d bit down hard on his lip, and that started bleeding too. His eyes held an angry fire, but it was directed at me.
I wanted to shove that blood soaked rag down the rabbi’s throat.
Eventually, he did stop. But not until blood dripped down Joseph’s chest and onto his pants, the raw wound nearly glowing red in the dim light of the rabbi’s apartment.
“Come back in four weeks if that doesn’t do it,” the rabbi said as he set the rag down on the tray and picked it all up to go back in his kitchen. He sounded so detached and clinical. Like a dentist after a cleaning telling you to floss more.
Joseph nodded and put his shirt back on. Blood began to seep through the thin t-shirt, and he covered the spreading red stain with his jacket. Bitterly, I wondered what Mazel would say when she saw his clothes.
Shaking, we left the apartment. I had left some first aid supplies in my car from the incident with Whitney and Isla, and I tossed a few bandages to Joseph. He dressed his wound on the ride back to my office. Bran sat stiffly facing forward, not daring to make eye contact with anyone or any noise that would force him to interact with the rest of us. 
When we finally arrived, Joseph muttered his thanks to us for accompanying him and made vague statements about going home and a cover story for his parents. “So, I’ll see you in a few weeks. Unless you need me for anything sooner.”
I could only nod as I thought desperately of a way to get out of another visit with the rabbi who would put the Marquis de Sade to shame. After Joseph left, Bran threw himself on the sofa in my office and covered his face with his hands. “Jesus Christ!”
“What the fuck was that?” I asked breathlessly.
“Salabrasion. An old and particularly painful way of trying to remove a tattoo. It’s literally pouring salt on an open wound.”
“That was supposed to be a magical way to remove a binding?” I yelled. “Where did he find that guy? We can’t let him go back. What a fucking fraud. We’ve got to stop him before he gets seriously hurt.”
“What if it works?” Bran asked hollowly.
I stared at him blankly. “You think it will?”
“Fucked if I know,” he said, hitting a pillow. “There’s got to be a reason why people try it, right?”
“Yeah, but you just said how painful it was.”
“Life’s cruel,” he said flatly. “It’s like something out of a fucking fairytale.”
I looked up and glared. “There doesn’t seem to be anything remotely romantic about getting enslaved and tortured.”
He shook his head. “You’re still thinking of Disney. Think Grimm or Hans Christian Andersen. You’ve read enough stories by now to know that they don’t all have happy endings. The girl that had her feet cut off to stop the dancing shoes. The children being burned alive and eaten by the witch. Sick and fucking twisted.”
I nodded glumly. “Rumpelstiltskin,” I muttered.
Startled, Bran bolted upright and looked around as though expecting my muttering to have summoned him. When he didn’t appear, Bran settled back down on the sofa. “Him too.”
I shook my head. “That’s not what I mean. I mean, with each success, the task got harder. Spin a pile of straw into gold? Great. Now do it with a bigger pile. With each attempt to remove Joseph’s tattoo, will the enchantment get stronger?”
Bran looked sobered by the thought but shrugged. “Who knows?”
“So what now?”
He frowned. “I guess it’s back to the drawing board. Got any other bright ideas?”
I didn’t.
Chapter 24

Later that week, Whitney, Joseph, and I went to court for a status hearing on the case, which was as useless as it sounds. It did give me a chance to see asshole Whitney in action again. But this time, since he was on my side, I almost enjoyed it.
Because it was his first time appearing for Joseph, and his first time in criminal court, he felt he should introduce himself to Greg the prosecutor. He went up to Greg and extended his hand with a friendly smile. “Whitney Applebaum, so nice to meet you. It’s nice to be able to put a face to the name.” His warmth made my skin crawl. He sounded genuine. It was gross.
“Likewise.” Greg sounded bemused. I knew exactly what Greg was thinking. I’d thought the same thing about overly perky new prosecutors. Whitney was fresh meat, and his sweet demeanor made Greg want to walk all over him. Not to say that lawyers weren’t ever nice to each other. We have to work with the same people over and over again, and things just go easier when you’re pleasant. But we rarely showed the charm that Whitney tried to exude—like Whitney was meeting someone’s grandmother rather than a professional rival. Greg must have thought he’d be able to eat Whitney for breakfast.
“Yeah, I have to say, you’re not how I pictured you,” Whitney said, still smiling.
“Oh?”
“Yeah, when Maddy here told me what you were charging our client with and what you were offering, I thought you must be over compensating for something.” Whitney’s eyes flicked to the stop of Greg’s head. “But you’re about what, six two, six three?” Whitney thumped his own chest, reminding me of a gorilla’s intimidation move. “And strong. Do you lift? So maybe you’re compensating for something else.” Whitney’s eyes darted pointedly down at Greg’s hands, and he hummed in contemplation.
Greg blinked. He was seasoned enough not to be shaken by lawyers huffing and puffing about their cases, but thinly veiled innuendo about his penis size wasn’t something he had been expecting to hear in the courtroom.
Whitney pressed on. “So which is it?” he asked. “Are you compensating for something or do you really think you’re going to land a conviction from two friends getting carried away with their wrestling?”
The bailiff announced Judge Garcia’s arrival, so Greg didn’t have time to answer. He just stood there at counsel’s table with his mouth hung open.
Other than that, the hearing was pretty dull. But really, after a dick joke, I suppose everything is a disappointment. The court did grant Zach’s restraining order against Joseph, which would keep the kids part and Joseph free from whatever magic that bound him until the trial ended. How strange it was that a restraining order against our client was considered good news.
Another bright spot was the motion in limine. Though we had already lost on our motion to suppress the prosecutor’s expert report, we were able to argue that the report—and everything from Joseph’s tattoo to his alleged gang membership—was too prejudicial to allow the prosecutor to talk about in front of the jury unless absolutely necessary. In practicality, it just meant that the prosecutor had to ask for permission before he talked about it at trial.
“I don’t understand,” Joseph said as we walked out of the courtroom. “That doesn’t seem like much of a win.”
“It’s a small victory,” Whitney said with a shrug. “Basically it will prevent the prosecutor from even asking you if you’re in a gang or about your tattoo.” He said the last word in a hushed tone as if it were a dirty secret. He looked over his shoulder. “Speaking of which, how are you guys coming with the curse breaking or whatever?”
I frowned. “Not so great.” I told Whitney about our trip to the rabbi, with Whitney wincing at all the appropriate times.
“How’s it healing?”
Joseph shook his head. “Still too early to tell. And the rabbi said I might have to go back for another...” He mimicked sanding his chest.
Whitney hissed.
In the hall outside the courtroom, we left Joseph with his increasingly nervous mother. Once we were out of Joseph’s earshot, Whitney turned back to me. “You can’t let him go back there.”
If the Academy or the American Bar Association gave out awards for profound conclusion of the year, it would have gone to Whitney for that astute observation. “Yeah, I figured that one out on my own.”
Whitney shook his head, trying to clear it of the image of Joseph’s bleeding chest. “How are we on witnesses?”
I exhaled in exasperation. “It’s going about as well as our research into removing the binding or curse or whatever you want to call it. Zach got to his friends and told them not to talk to me.”
Whitney nodded. We honestly hadn’t expected anything different. “What about Joseph’s friends?”
I was skeptical that any of Joseph’s friends would make a good witness for us. “Yeah, they’re willing to talk, but they don’t have much to say because they weren’t there. Just that they think Joseph and Zach are friends. Which, as long as the jury will believe them, is good because, well, the prosecutor fucked up by overcharging.”
The prosecutor’s fuck up was the topic of much discussion between us whenever we felt in over our heads. If they had charged Joseph with battery instead of burglary, we would have been sunk. We had to remind ourselves that all we had to do was create reasonable doubt that Joseph had been invited over to Zach’s. It was a small detail, but it could make the difference between a conviction and an acquittal.
Whitney looked frustrated and puzzled. “Why would they have made such a rookie mistake?” he asked me for the zillionth time.
I shrugged. “Who knows? Maybe Greg thought we’d plead or that Joseph would flip on Zach for Hazel’s sake. Or maybe he really does have a small dick. Whatever it is, I’m not going to look this gift indictment in the mouth. The best thing we can do is undermine the State’s claim that Joseph broke into Zach’s house with the intent to steal the ring by making the jury doubt Zach’s story.”
“I don’t have a lot of experience in criminal law,” he said grimly. “But I always thought a strong defense was ‘you’ve got the wrong guy! I swear it was this guy who looks just like me!’ Joseph doesn’t have a twin, does he?”
“You watch too many cop shows.”
“You wanna get lunch? You still owe me from the fiasco at the Turkish place.”
“I can’t,” I said with an apologetic frown. “Bran’s coming by. He’s got some new books for us to pore over about fairies and magic and shit.”
“Damn,” Whitney laughed. “I can’t believe you’re still with that asshole.”
“It’s complicated,” I said to the floor. “It wasn’t what we thought it was. I told you. He’s a sprite. It wasn’t really his fault.”
“You sound like a battered wife.”
I jerked my head up to shoot an annoyed look at him. “Bran hasn’t hit me, Whitney,” I said flatly.
“I just mean, I’ve heard that before.”
“Well, it’s true,” I said, raising my voice at him. “It wasn’t his fault, not that it’s any of your business.” Maybe I was getting too defensive, just like a battered spouse. There would be no way for me to win this argument.
Exasperated, Whitney sighed. “I’m sorry, all right?” He rubbed his hand uneasily over the now-healed scar on his neck. “Just with this fairy business, maybe my encounter with Isla didn’t endear me to fairies and magic and I’m a little biased. Or maybe I just don’t know what to make of it.”
I laughed a humorless and frustrated laugh. “I’m with you on that one. Especially not this master and slave shit Joseph’s got going on.” I felt defeated before the trial even began. “Who are we kidding anyway? We’re never going to find anything in those old books.”
Whitney scoffed. “So still the best idea anyone had was Joseph’s idea to get himself invited to Zach’s house to steal the ring and get the snot beaten out of him in the process. I don’t suppose there’s anyone we can hire to break into Zach’s?”
I quirked my lips and glared. I didn’t know if he was joking anymore.
Whitney hummed for a moment while trying to think of another option. “There’s one avenue we haven’t explored.” His jaw was clenched as though bracing himself for something unpleasant.
“What?” I asked warily.
“Isla.”
“What about her?”
“Well, Bran’s been talking to his fairy friends, but he hasn’t spoken to her, has he?”
I shook my head. “He doesn’t know her.”
“But she might know something. That’s the theory, right? Talk to as many fae as we can in the hopes we find someone who might know something that can help? And she’s more likely to know something about master and slave. Seeing as how she’s evil and all,” he added in a rush before I could theorize about Isla’s kinks and the time Whitney hooked up with her.
“But he doesn’t know her,” I repeated. “Bran can’t just waltz up to a stranger and say ‘excuse me, what do you know about breaking a genie’s bindings?’ Even if he is fae, and even if she weren’t a deadly predator.”
“But we know her,” Whitney said. “Maddy, you can ask her.”
I thought back to the state of Whitney’s back after he called me to rescue him from her and the subsequent strain on his sanity. I picked up my pace down the hall and out of the courthouse as though trying to run away from the very idea of talking to her again. “I don’t think it’s a good idea if we mess with her anymore.”
He sped up after me. “I’m not suggesting you mess with her. Just ask her a few questions.”
I stopped and turned to face him. “What makes you think she’ll know anything?”
He shrugged and buttoned up his coat jacket. Fall in Houston was unpredictable, and the day had turned a bit chilly. “It’s a lead. It’s better than anything else we have. Charles Perrault, Mother Goose, or whatever book of fairytales you’re currently reading certainly isn’t helping any.”
I kicked at a pebble on the ground sulkily. I wasn’t ready to dismiss all the reading I had done, but he had a point—we had gotten nowhere. “Okay, fine,” I said finally. “But you should be the one to talk to her.”
Something like anger or fear flashed in his eyes for a second, but he blinked and it was gone. “No way.”
I scoffed. “You’re not afraid, are you?”
“You’re not going to get me to do it by calling me chicken, if that’s what you’re going for. It makes more sense coming from you, Maddy.”
“Why?” I asked, unaware that I was raising my voice again until Whitney made a hushing hand gesture. “It’s bad form to out a fairy, remember? She didn’t tell me that she was a...whatever. You did. You outed her, and she’ll be mad that you did. Now that I think of it, I am too! If it weren’t for you, I’d go through the rest of my life blissfully unaware that my client tries to kill people during sex like a, what did you call her? A fucking praying mantis?”
He looked around the parking lot for anyone who might be listening and dropped his voice. “You’re her lawyer. That might mean more than the whole code of honor fairies have. Or at least it might mean as much. Whatever she tells you, she knows it will be in confidence. You won’t get the mob out with their pitchforks and torches or whatever it is that fairies are hiding from.”
I was still skeptical. About all of it—that she wouldn’t mind me asking questions and that she could give any answers. But I was glad that Whitney didn’t try to deny any of the danger that she presented. “You think she’ll buy that I have so much honor that I’d be willing to sell out the safety of mankind for my ethical obligations to a client?”
“Well, you are little miss goody two shoes,” he said with a smirk. “Look, we’re desperate, right?” Whitney left me at my car before I could protest anymore.
I stewed over it all the way back to my office, cursing Whitney for not being willing to do it himself, Bran for not having any new ideas, and Isla too, just for good measure. “Any messages?” I barked at Gabby when I arrived.
She tore a note out of the message log and held it tightly as though she were reluctant to hand it over. Picking up on my bad mood, she spoke tentatively. “A man named Carl Albrecht called. He said he had a contract matter that he wanted to hire you on.”
“You know I don’t do contract law,” I said, perhaps too aggressively, as I grabbed the note.
“I know, but he was insistent that he speak with you. He said you came highly recommended.”
Something about Gabby’s words made me curious. Who could have recommended him and why would he be so insistent? Could he could be one of Bran’s referrals? Another fairy perhaps? A siren trying to get out of a recording deal? A kobold trying to flip a house?
But another part of me stubbornly insisted that I didn’t do contract law and resented having to take the call.
“Did he say who recommended him?”
She shook her head.
I frowned. In the future, I would have to give my fairy clients some sort of password to use when the pass my name around. Something that would mean something to me so I’d know to return a new fairy client’s call.
There was only one way to figure it out. My curiosity got the better of me, and I returned Carl’s call right away.
“This is Carl.” He seemed pleasant enough, though I had the feeling the pleasantry was only a disguise over a tempest of close to the surface rage. Or I was just still pissed about Whitney’s idea and didn’t want to talk to a potential client about a contract matter that I knew I wouldn’t take, even if the client was a fairy. I tried to shove the thoughts out of mind. The sooner I was done with this call, the sooner I could go back to being mad at Whitney.
“Hi Mr. Albrecht. This is Maddy Sands. You called my office earlier today about a contract case, and I’m just returning your call. How can I help you?”
“Not a case exactly. I was wondering if you would help me draft a contract. There’s a uh...business matter I’m looking at entering into, and I wanted some...well, guidance in the matter.”
“My secretary explained to you that I don’t normally do contract or business law?” I needed to get that out in the open.
“Yes. And did she explain to you that you came highly recommended?”
“You flatter me, Mr. Albrecht,” I said coolly. “But I need you to know this isn’t where my experience lies.”
“Understood, but I’m sure you’ll prove capable.”
“May I ask who recommended you?”
He gave an evasive little chuckle. “Oh, your name’s been passed around quite a bit by my friends. You’ve represented a few of my, er, friends.”
“Oh,” I said, pleasantly surprised and again wishing I’d had some password. Of course, Carl was not going to tell me he was a fairy over the phone, but that’s the only way I could interpret his evasive answer. Besides, there had to be something like fate at work, I thought as I was filled with a foolish optimism.
How I figured it, there was no such thing as a coincidence. A new fairy client falls into my lap when I’m at my lowest with Joseph’s case. He has to be able to help, right? At least I’d have another source to pester with fairy questions. Maybe I wouldn’t have to meet Isla after all. I was irrationally certain he would have all the solutions to my problems. Sure I’d take his contract crap as long as it could get me what I needed too.
“Anything else you want to tell me?” I asked almost desperately. “Anything about your contract matter or your friends’ cases? Something about my work that pleased them, maybe?”
He laughed again. “Why don’t I come in one day and talk to you about it in person? I’m no good over the phone.”
“Of course. I’ll hand you over to my secretary Gabby to make the arrangements. I look forward to meeting with you. And if I feel I’m not appropriate to handle your matter, I’ll have a few referrals ready for you.”
“Oh, I’m sure my matter will interest you very much.”
I hung up the phone and tried to listen to half the conversation down the hall as Gabby scheduled an appointment for a few days’ time. I knew it was crazy to pin so much hope on this Carl person, but I’d seen so much crazy in the last few weeks that why the hell not? I tried to tell myself not to get my hopes up, but I wasn’t listening.
When Bran arrived for our fairytale book club, I told him about the two new developments—Whitney’s idea that I talk to Isla and the possibility of a new information source. His reactions surprised me.
“Wait, so you think it’s a good idea that I meet with a murderous vampire?”
He rolled his eyes at me. “Jesus, Maddy. It’s not like she killed anyone!”
“That we know of,” I said sulking.
He shook his head at me exasperated. “Look, I get it that you’re concerned for your safety. Meet her in public, and I’ll be nearby.”
“What about this Carl guy? If he gives us the answers we need, I won’t even have to risk it with Isla.”
Bran furrowed his brows confused at my insistence. “You just spoke to him on the phone once. What makes you think he is a fairy? Let alone that he has any answers.”
“Fate, karma, and all that crap,” I said meekly. “I can’t have come this far without believing in something like that.”
“I know you want to get out of seeing Isla, but I just think you’re putting too much hope in this at the cost of following other leads. There really aren’t that many fairies out there. The odds of this Carl guy being one...” he trailed off as though trying to spare my feelings and avoid calling me irrational.
“Fine,” I said bitterly and reluctantly. “I’ll meet with Isla. I just hope it will be worth it.”
“Yeah, me too.” 
I called Whitney and told him the news. He sounded as enthusiastic about the meeting as I did, but at least he didn’t balk when I insisted that he be nearby when I’d meet her.
“And Bran said he’d come too.”
“Good. I don’t want to overstate the danger, but you can probably use all the backup you can get.”
“Sure. And what’s our story? I mean, won’t she think it’s strange that I want to meet with her so long after her divorce is finalized?”
Whitney made a noncommittal noise. “Is she the suspicious type?”
“Wouldn’t you be if you attacked opposing counsel?”
Whitney groaned. “I’m sure she’s not still thinking about her night of passion with me. I assure you, I’m not that memorable. But tell her that you just attended a lecture about husbands who hide their assets or something. Tell her you think you might be able to get more money out of her ex if she wants to reopen the case. She won’t pass up on that chance.”
The story seemed flimsy to me, but I as it happened, Isla wasn’t suspicious. She almost sounded happy to get a call from me, like I was a long lost friend, and agreed to meet me for coffee after work on Friday. The cynic in me assumed she wanted to lay the groundwork for her next divorce. The paranoid part of me was convinced she was on to us, but I reasoned she wasn’t going to kill me just because I knew she was a fairy. At least, not in public.
Chapter 25

Because the Galleria was usually packed, it seemed the perfect place to meet someone I was worried might kill me. So I sat with a cup of Starbucks coffee in my hand as I waited to meet a baobhan sith in the mall food court.
A few tables down to my left, Bran sipped a smoothie and pretended to watch the skaters in the ice rink. Since he didn’t know Isla, he didn’t have to worry about being seen. Whitney, however, was perched on the balcony one level above us. He wore dark sunglasses and a long trench coat. He may have been going for a look from The Matrix, but he certainly didn’t blend in among the trendy Houston crowd. And of course it was 80 degrees out, so he looked hot and uncomfortable as well as out of place. I hoped Isla wouldn’t spot the weirdo staring down at us.
I shouldn’t have been so hard on Whitney. Isla did nearly kill him last time they had met. It was just easier to make fun of him than actually think about why I was making him stand guard and why he felt the need to hide.
She arrived on time, toting shopping bags from Neiman Marcus and Versace. I was glad she was still enjoying Mr. Frank’s money. Her hair had been lightened, and it looked like she had spent quite a lot of time in a tanning booth since I saw her last. Though I couldn’t be certain, I suspected she had also had a boob job.
“Thanks for meeting me. You’re looking well.” I hoped my forced pleasantries hid my nerves.
She gave a wide smile as she slid into a chair opposite me. I looked at her teeth behind that bright red lipstick and suppressed a shudder. “Divorce suits me.”
I cut to the chase. I leaned in and spoke in a hushed voice. “I know what you did to Whitney. I know what you are.” I rushed my words out so she wouldn’t have time to deny anything or threaten me. “But I’m not here about that. I just have a few questions. Not about Whitney or anything about that, but a...related matter.”
She narrowed her eyes and frowned, probably wondering if she could dismember me and run for the nearest exit before anyone could catch her. She needn’t have tried so hard to look menacing. I was already hiding my shaking hands beneath the table. “If you know what I am, then you know what I can do to you.”
I shot a surreptitious glance towards Bran. He was fiddling with his cellphone and turned his head slightly in my direction. I caught his eye for a second, and he gave me a raised eyebrow as though to ask if I was all right. It occurred to me then that we hadn’t arranged for any sort of signal for me to give to indicate that I wanted help. I wasn’t cut out for this sort of cloak and dagger crap.
“I’m not trying to cross you, Isla. What you do is your own business. I’d appreciate if you wouldn’t assault my colleagues again, but...”
She rolled her eyes. “Please. That was nothing. You and I both know he needed to have his feet held to the fire to stop dragging out that divorce. I couldn’t get to Will, so... I take it Whitney’s all better now?”
I scoffed. “You almost sound like you really care about his wellbeing. But like I said, Isla, I’m not here about Whitney. The less I know about what happened between the two of you, the happier I’ll be. And let me remind you that, as your attorney, anything you say to me will be confidential.”
She leaned back in her chair but kept her narrowed eyes fixed dangerously on me. I saw her fiery red nails puncture her coffee cup slightly as her fingers tightened around it. It wasn’t hard to imagine them turning into talons as Whitney had said they did. “Okay, so, what do you want?”
I took a deep breath and tried to relax in my seat. “I need to know what you know about fairies or whatever it is y’all call yourselves.”
That was clearly not what she had expected. The tension dropped from her face, making her look blank, even slightly dazed. She blinked a couple of times at me. “You want to know about fairies?”
I nodded.
“Why?”
“For a client.”
She raised a perfectly shaped eyebrow. “A client?”
I nodded again.
“Your client is fae?”
I gave another nod.
“Who?”
“Well, as a client with a secret, I’m sure you understand why my client also wants to protect his secret.”
She gave a simpering smile. “Is this blackmail? It sounds like blackmail.”
Exasperated, I sighed. “Isla, I’ve been your attorney for fucking ever. I just found out that you and apparently a bunch of my clients are, well, fairies. I just need to know more about it.”
She still looked amused. “What’s in it for me? We’d see it as a betrayal, telling you about us.”
I faltered a bit and felt foolish for not expecting she’d want something in exchange for information. For some reason, I actually thought she’d tell me out of the goodness of her heart. Assuming baobhan siths had hearts. “How about in exchange for giving me a little information, I don’t tell anyone about what happened with you and Whitney?”
“Aren’t you listening, Maddy? Exposing me like that would be seen a terrible betrayal. It’d be bad for your business if we think you can’t be trusted. And that’s assuming you survived what I’d do to you.”
I ignored her threat—I had expected those—but again wondered just how many of my clients were fae. “Who said anything about fairies? It’s my duty as an officer of the court to let the judge know that there was some threats and coercion involved in your divorce settlement. You might have to give up your...” My eyes flicked inadvertently to her chest. “Well, whatever you got from the settlement.”
She shook her head and laughed with mild disbelief. “What about your duty to me, your client?”
I laughed back at her and hoped I sounded confident. “I might not understand fairies, but you certainly don’t understand lawyers. I wouldn’t hesitate to throw you under the bus if it means holding up my ethical duties to be honest to the court. So yeah, maybe this is blackmail.”
She smirked. “And they say lawyers don’t have ethics.”
“It’s your call, Isla.” I made a move to stand up.
She reached out for me, putting a hand on my arm, and I grew tense. I stared at her hand like I was afraid it would bite me. “Wait, Maddy. I’ll talk to you. You’re not mad at me about that thing with Whitney, are you?” She pouted a bit as she asked, as though she really cared what I thought of her.
I sat back down. “We’re over that.”
“We?”
“I’m working with Whitney now. It was actually his idea that I talk to you.” I explained to her how her assault and learning about fairies had brought us together professionally.
She smiled again. There may have been some actual warmth in it this time. “So, I’m like a preternatural yenta?”
“We’re not dating. Just working together.”
She shrugged slightly as though she didn’t believe me or thought I was missing out on something. “Well, let me just say, confidentially of course, that you could do worse. He’s not so bad between the sheets. As long as you watching people suffer, that is.”
I considered for a moment whether it would be appropriate to ask Isla, on Whitney’s behalf, of course, whether she had done any lasting damage to Whitney’s potency or whatever, but I didn’t want to encourage any more discussion on Whitney’s prowess. “What do you know about genies?”
“Genies?” She repeated as she shrugged her shoulders and shook her head. “Never met one.”
“Great,” I said, disheartened. Another dead end. My shoulders slumped, and I grabbed my bag to get ready to go. “Sorry for wasting your time.”
Her expression was halfway between puzzled and pissed off. “So that’s it? You threatened me for that?”
“It looks like it.”
“Hold on,” she said, putting her hand on my arm again. “Ask me what you want to know any maybe I can help.”
I scoffed. “You already said you didn’t know any genies.”
“Just because I’ve never met a genie doesn’t mean I don’t know anything. I might know more than you, at least. You went through all this trouble to get me here and even have back up,” she nodded faintly in Whitney’s direction, “in case I what, rip out your throat? How’s he going to help you from up there?” She sounded both bemused and offended. “I’ll help if I can. I try to look out for my own.”
Maybe her words shouldn’t have surprised me. Bran had expressed a similar sentiment. Maybe there was some sort of fairy solidarity. I guess it was just weird thinking that she had anything in common with him or Joseph. She was greedy and cruel, whereas Joseph seemed more innocent and pure. Bran...well, I guess the best thing I could say about him was that he seemed chaotic neutral. But I guess that’s why I was meeting with her—because she was similar to Joseph and Bran in a way I didn’t understand.
“I didn’t know you had a code,” I sniffed. “Not with after what you did to Whitney.”
She groaned. “He looks fine to me.” She waved and blew a kiss in his direction. I hoped he didn’t freak out and run. “Tell him to come down if he’s still upset. I’ll be gentle.” She smiled wickedly. It made me wonder if her gentle could be just as frightening as her violent.
I cleared my throat. “Genies,” I said firmly, trying to bring her back to the topic. “We’ve already covered that you don’t know any. But what do you know about them?”
She shrugged. “They are pretty rare, even in the fairy world. But what is it that you want to know? I can ask around if I can’t answer you myself.”
I shifted uneasily in my seat. I hoped she’d be discrete when she asked her baobhan sith friends about Joseph. But now wasn’t the time to be having second thoughts about enlisting Isla’s help. “I need to know about their masters. How can they free themselves from a master?”
“He can kill his master.” She said it as though it were the most obvious thing in the world. “It’s how they got free from Sulaimon.”
“Sulaimon?”
“It’s what they call Solomon in the Quran,” she said again that that same obnoxious tone. “Did you really come to me before doing some basic research? I don’t know if I should be flattered that you thought I’d be such a font of knowledge or annoyed that I hired an attorney so incurious.”
I mumbled something about my client being Jewish.
She smiled wryly. “Does that mean he’s above killing his master?”
There was no good way to answer that question without disparaging an Abrahamic faith. “Does it have to be him?” I didn’t want to ask, but I knew both Whitney and Bran would be frustrated if I didn’t.
“What do you mean?”
“Does it have to be the genie himself to kill his master? Or can anyone do it?”
“Y’all looking to hire someone?” She gave a short, throaty laugh. She licked her lips, and I swear I saw fangs. “No,” she said finally. “The genies didn’t kill Sulaimon. Just when he died, they became free. Well, not exactly,” she said, getting lost in her own story. “They didn’t realize he had died at first. His advisors propped him up on one of those fancy wizard staff things to make it look like he was still alive so the genies would finish building the temple like they were ordered to. Then some termites ate through the staff, and Sulaimon fell over.”
Though the literature professor from Rice had warned me that there were no new ideas under the sun, I wasn’t expecting to learn that the plot of Weekend at Bernie’s was drawn from ancient Islamic stories.
“So if you don’t want to kill him, you can always just wait for the master to die of natural causes, I guess,” Isla continued with a shrug. “How old is he?”
I grunted. “Young,” I said evasively. “Thanks,” I said halfheartedly.
“I take it that wasn’t the news you wanted to hear?”
I shook my head. “How did you know all this anyway?”
She shrugged. “Well, I don’t have any personal experience with genies, so this is all theoretical. But I used to date a Qatari businessman. He used to tell me the best bedtime stories. Since then I’ve had a soft spot for Middle Eastern lore.”
Wordlessly, I nodded. I felt like an idiot for not checking the Quran. Sure I knew genies were Middle Eastern, but I guess I had figured the answer would be in mythology or fairytales, not religion. I’d also used Joseph’s Jewish faith to guide my search rather than looking to Islam, though I knew genies tended to be associated more with Islam than Judaism. Not that Isla in her wisdom gave me any practical solution anyway. I wasn’t going to advise Joseph to kill Zach. But at least she added to my reading list.
She hummed and looked at her watch as though I were boring her. “I’ve got to dash. I’m meeting my next husband for dinner tonight. This one wants a prenup. You can get around that, can’t you?” She didn’t want for an answer. She just looked at me with a pitying frown as she stood up and picked up her bags. “Think about what I’ve said.”
I looked up at her, trying not to let my frustration show. “What? That we’ve got to wait for this guy to die?”
One corner of her lips turned up in a condescending smile. She leaned close to me to whisper in my ear. “That I want to take care of my own and that the genie doesn’t have to be the one to kill the master.” Then she stepped back and gave a pitying look. “You’ll figure this all out, won’t you?”
I cleared my throat nervously, worried about saying something that she would interpret as me hiring her to murder the complaining witness in my case. She frowned at my silence, gave another little wave to Whitney on the balcony, and left before I could say something that might accidentally be incriminating if I should later be tried for murder. Bran came over a moment after Isla headed up the escalator and out of sight, and Whitney scampered the other way down a staircase to join us. “How did it go?”
I shrugged. “I’m alive and in one piece. So that’s good, right?”
“Did she have any suggestions?”
“Other than killing Zach? Not really.”
Bran hummed as though he was actually considering killing Zach. “Well, it was worth a shot, right?” He put his hand on my shoulder. “Thanks for doing it, Maddy. I know it was frightening.”
Now that Isla with her designer clothes and boob job had gone, I wondered why I had been so scared in the first place. Then I remembered her offer. Sadly, it did seem like the first good idea we’ve had. I shook his hand off, feeling helpless again. “I feel like after Isla, that was it. That was my last resort.”
“What about Carl?” he suggested, but his flat tone told me he didn’t put much faith in that idea.
I shook my head, discouraged. “You’re probably right about him—it was just me being irrational. So now I feel like we have no more leads. I so badly wanted her to have some bit of wisdom. To say ‘oh yeah, he just needs to stand naked at the full moon and chew some newt eyes and he’ll be fine.’ But the only thing she came up with was to kill Zach.”
Whitney had arrived just in time to hear that. “Well, that’s something, isn’t it?” he asked with a bitter smile on his face.
Feeling utterly defeated, I threw my head down on the shaky food court table. I could never remember such a heavy feeling of failure before. Not when I first got dumped, not when I got rejected from my first choice in law schools, and not when I lost my first case. It was as though all the work I had done—for Joseph and every moment leading up to it—had come to this point and meant nothing. I wanted the food court to just swallow me up and hide me from the world that had beaten me.
Bran rubbed my back. “Come on, let’s get you something to drink.”
I let the two of them lead me to the same sports bar Holly and I had lunch in the day Joseph tried to stab me with his mother’s lettuce knife. But after a couple of beers, I knew sitting with them rehashing the disappointment that was my meeting with Isla wouldn’t do me any good.
“I can’t do this anymore.” 
“Can’t do what?”
I stood up shakily and steadied myself on my chair. “I’ve got to get out of here.”
Bran put his hand on mine. “I don’t think you should drive anywhere. I’ll take you.”
I yanked myself away. “I’m fine.”
Whitney’s eyes darted uncomfortably between us. “Trouble in paradise, you two?”
“Shut up, Whitney.” I hadn’t meant to sound so nasty. I shot them both an apologetic smile. “I just can’t be here right now. I’ll call you tomorrow.”
I didn’t know where to go. I just knew I had to get away. Somehow, I found my car without any difficulty in the immense Galleria parking lot, though I didn’t have any more clarity once I was driving. I found myself winding through the streets of Upper Kirby and Bellaire, not knowing exactly how I got there or where I was going. Just away, I kept on thinking. Away from Bran. What the fuck was I doing with him anyway? Away from Isla. What kind of advice had I expected from a violent sociopath? And away from Whitney, whose dumb idea this had been in the first place.
The whole thing was stupid. What made me think I was smart enough to be able to help Joseph? What the fuck did I know about anything?
I was lost in Meyerland when I started to feel the effects of the alcohol. I didn’t even think I had that much to drink. Or maybe I was just upset. 
“Damn it!” I yelled and hit my steering wheel. I’d have to find a place to stop soon unless I wanted a DWI on top of everything else. Emmitt would piss himself laughing when my arrest would cross his desk.
I looked around me, not quite sure where I was or how to get back to the Loop or any road I knew. The neighborhood was unfamiliar. The 1970s style ranchers with their orange brick and wood siding made the neighborhood look like it belonged on the set of The Brady Bunch and not in one of America’s so-called cities of the future.
I rubbed my eyes. I was going to get pulled over if I kept driving, but I didn’t want to just stop here. Up ahead I saw I sign for a street I recognized. I followed the route to the best of my memory, wondering if he’d be home or if he had anything better to do on a Friday night and hoping there was a reason I was alone here feeling hopeless and drunk. Only one way to find out. I took and deep breath and knocked on his door.
“Rabbi Schiffman?”
His shaggy eyebrows furrowed in bewilderment. “Maddy? What are you doing here?”
“Shabbot shalom!” I blurted out a second before the beer got the better of me and I threw up all over his welcome mat.
Chapter 26

Rabbi Schiffman was way more amicable than I had any right to expect after I had shown up at his apartment unannounced and vomited on his doorstep. He handed me a new toothbrush—“I keep spares for guests,” he explained—and a cup of luke warm coffee—“sorry, I can’t warm it up. It’s shabbot, you know.”
“So what happened?” he asked me after I had brushed my teeth and settled down next to the birdcage with the mug of cold coffee in my hands.
“Does anything have to happen anymore?”
“I suppose not. But I’ve found that every action has an equal and opposite reaction. Likewise, every reaction was created by an action. I can only assume that you showing up on my door with a tummy ache was prompted by something and wasn’t just a decision you made on a whim.”
I took a sip of my coffee. It tasted terrible, but I hoped that it would help me sober up. “That sounds like science. I thought guys like you weren’t supposed to believe in science.”
“Guys like who?” He peered at me from over the top of his glasses yet with what I thought might be a teasing smile under his beard. It made me feel bad about lumping him, who was taking care of me in my drunken state, together with the fire and brimstone preachers my mother had dragged me to as a kid. I squirmed and looked at my coffee. “I don’t know,” I demurred.
“Hasn’t this experience with Joseph taught you that things are not always what they seem?”
I took another sip of coffee to avoid answering the question. I watched one of the birds play with a row of beads, sliding them along a track. How could that possibly be entertaining—dragging the same beads back and forth without a goal?
“Are you going to see him again? Joseph, I mean. For more...” I placed my hand over my chest, indicting the placement of Joseph’s tattoo. The memory of seeing him blood soaked came rushing back. I closed my eyes and felt nauseated again.
“You know I can’t talk to you about that.”
It felt strange being on the receiving end of the line about confidentiality.
When I said nothing, he continued. “But I guess we’re the only the people who can talk openly about him, aren’t we? Maybe we’re the only two people who will always be on his side.”
I nodded. “Why do you believe all this? I’ve been calling it magic and fairies, but you had other terms for it. You called him a demon. Why do you believe it? I thought you were a man of god or whatever.”
“I believe it because it’s true,” he said slowly. “Just like I believe in Newton’s Third Law of Motion you had asked me about. Demons and Newton and Hashem. I see nothing contradictory. But did you really come here for a conversation about theology and physics?”
“No, but that would be the least strange thing that’s happened this evening.”
“See,” he said, almost beaming. “An equal and opposite cause for the vomiting.”
I told him about what Isla had suggested, and from there I moved on to my concerns about my relationship with Bran, what happened between him and Holly, and the fact that though I had forgiven her I still hadn’t spoken with my best friend. With everything else going on, I didn’t have the time. I couldn’t believe I spilled my guts to him, both literally and metaphorically. This was the guy I witnesses torture my client. Was I expecting sympathy from him or something?
He listened impassively, merely stroking his beard and nodding a few times. When I finally finished, he took a deep sigh. “Maybe it’s better that you found out now that you’re not tough enough for their world,” he said patiently.
“Excuse me?”
“You disagree?” he asked with an indulgent tone in his voice. “You think this is an equal and opposite reaction to what is at worst bad advice?”
“It’s not just that. It’s...”
“Yes, you mentioned,” he said, cutting me off. His beard bobbed up and down as he nodded. “It’s everything. And that’s what I mean. If his case and everything that comes with it is too much for you, Joseph can...”
“Come back to you for some more torture?” One of the birds squawked loudly at my rude interruption.
“Are you telling me you wouldn’t go through a little pain if the reward at the end was great enough?”
“You don’t even know if it will work,” I said sulkily.
He nodded some more. “True. But isn’t that what all life is? Look at the bar exam. You spent weeks studying every waking hour. The stress. Can’t eat. Can’t sleep. I know. I’ve seen others go through it. All to take an exam for a few days that will decide whether the past three years were a waste of time and money. Was that psychological torture worth it? Doctors too. For years, their school puts them through all that and sleep deprivation. We don’t know if any of it will work, but we torture ourselves.”
“It’s not the same thing.”
“I agree. The stakes are much higher here, don’t you think? And as for my ‘torture,’ as you call it...” He raised his eyebrows to give me that condescending stare again. “So, I ask you once more, don’t you think it’s better that you find out now that you’re not tough enough for Joseph’s case?”
To say that I resented his accusation would be an understatement. “Who would be tough enough?” I asked him angrily. “Who would handle learning all this shit about fairies and masters and murder with such nonchalance?” I tried to keep my voice down to avoid upsetting the birds again, but I was pissed.
He shrugged. “Another demon, for one.”
“Then why didn’t Joseph go to a demon lawyer to begin with?”
The rabbi giggled a little at that. “I’m sorry. But you have to see the humor in that. Don’t you think that description’s a little redundant?”
I wasn’t in the mood for lawyer jokes. I stuck my tongue out at him. Real mature, I know.
His serious demeanor returned. “You can withdraw from the case. You’re not obligated to complete the task. Joseph will find a new lawyer. One who won’t be so shaken by his revelations and driven to hear whatever disturbing suggestions you heard tonight. One who won’t hold his hand while he’s, as you put it, tortured. Don’t you think that’s in his best interests?”
“Joseph’s best interests,” I repeated back, puzzling over the words. Was he asking me if I thought Joseph’s lawyer shouldn’t be doing all the things I did? That I shouldn’t be agonizing over fairytales? That I shouldn’t have provoked a baobhan sith in the name of research? That I shouldn’t have convinced him to bail out of jail and stood by him while a madman sands at his chest? That couldn’t be right.
I was helping Joseph, wasn’t I? We had a plan. Sort of. Even if we didn’t know the outcome, even if the process sucked, we were trying. Didn’t that count for something? It’s a hard lesson for some lawyers to learn that we’re not superheroes. We can’t solve all our client’s problems. We lose. It happens every day. Why did this feel so different? And why did the thought of failure make me feel like I wanted to give up completely?
My hand shook as I set my mug of coffee down. “I don’t think so,” I whispered.
“What was that?”
“No,” I said more firmly. “I don’t think it’s in his best interests that I withdraw. Yes, I was shaken. But it was that reaction that drove me to try to find solutions. Beyond merely just his court case.”
“And someone else wouldn’t do that?”
“I don’t know what others would do. My partner Whitney had to be dragged kicking and screaming to this case. Even after he knew about fairies or whatever. But even if some new lawyer would try to find answers and take his case to trial, they’d have to start from scratch. Joseph doesn’t deserve that delay.”
He nodded as though I had said something very wise and thought provoking. “So why all the agony?”
I shrugged. “I’m only human. I doubt myself. I focus single-mindedly on details and forget the big picture.”
“Which is?”
“Joseph,” I answered quickly, but Rabbi Schiffman didn’t look convinced. “Justice?” I asked, hesitantly.
“I don’t know,” he said with another small laugh. “Like I said, I don’t think you came here for a big, ‘what is the meaning of life?’ discussion. But I think maybe you got so caught up in helping Joseph that you forgot to help you, and you’re paying the price for that now. You know you came too far to abandon him, but you abandoned yourself in the process.”
I threw myself back on his sofa, disturbing his birds again. “So what do I do?”
“Whatever you need to in order to continue. Self-care. Isn’t that what they call it? Whatever it is that you do for that, do it. Do something for you so you can get back to the case.”
“Right,” I said glumly. Somehow, I didn’t think a mani-pedi was going to solve my problems. His advice seemed trivial. Still, it felt good just to talk. I hadn’t been able to voice before how Joseph’s case had been effecting me. My problems paled in comparison to his, so it seemed selfish to do so. Nonetheless, it helped. Maybe trivial is what I needed. “Thanks for the talk.”
“You’re welcome.”
I stood up and got ready to go. I took a deep breath. I felt better. Ready to tackle the next problems life threw at me including driving home safely as well as Joseph’s case.
“There’s just one more thing.” He got up quickly and rushed back to the kitchen. “Before you go...” He came back carrying a white plastic caddy of cleaning supplies with a roll of paper towels and a spray bottle of Clorox Clean-Up. “It’s shabbot,” he reminded me again. “I’m not supposed to work or clean or any of that until tomorrow night, so, would you mind?” He opened the front door and nodded to the vomit, which had already begun to attract bugs.
Chapter 27

I took the rest of the weekend off. Worrying wouldn’t help Joseph’s case, and I wasn’t getting any smarter reading all those fairytales, so I decided to do something for myself instead. I went for a long run, ate ice cream while watching Netflix, and finally called Holly. She and I met up for brunch, and after a brief speech about how I was angry but understood there were other factors at play, I said I hoped we could just move on. She tearfully agreed and promised never to do it again. I don’t think it was naivety that led me to believe her. There was weird shit going on that made her do things she wouldn’t ordinarily do.
After it all, I felt better. I wasn’t any more optimistic about Joseph’s case, but I felt as though in twenty years or so, when I looked back at this time in my life, I’d be able to hold my head up high and know that I did all that I could.
It was with that better frame of mind that I faced my meeting with Carl Albrecht, potential client and possible fairy. Not that my attitude helped anything. In fact, it probably would have been better had I gone into the meeting still pissed at the world.
Fifteen minutes before his scheduled meeting, Gabby paged me to say that Carl was sitting patiently in the waiting room, leafing through one of my magazines. I closed the document I was working on and went to go bring him in.
He couldn’t have looked more Texan if he had actually grown a set of longhorns himself. He wore clunky cowboy boots under a pair of worn Wranglers. A bolo tie with a turquoise stone set in silver hung on his neck. He even held a cowboy hat in his hands. I wondered if this was a costume for the public’s benefit—was he trying so hard to pass as normal?—or if this was his usual getup.
“Have a seat, Carl. Can I get you anything?”
He shook his head and relaxed, legs sprawled, on my small sofa while I went over preliminary matters—this meeting did not mean that I was his attorney and again reminded him that contract law wasn’t my usual field—with him.
“Oh, I think this matter will be a good fit for you,” he said, a teasing note in his voice.
“So you’ve said over the phone. Care to tell me more about it?”
“Well, I represent a group of, let’s say concerned citizens.”
“Okay. What are they concerned about?”
“In a word, you.”
“Me?” I asked, trying not to give away my surprise at his answer. “Why would anyone be concerned about little old me? And who is it you represent? Who are these concerned citizens?”
“We call ourselves Organized Union Resisting the Oppression of the Ways of Nature. Or ‘OUR OWN’ for short.”
“OUR OWN,” I repeated flatly with a nod. A queasy feeling grew in my stomach as I began to realize how completely wrong I had been about Carl. I wondered about the fastest way to get him out of my office.
“That’s right,” he said with a proud smirk. “We’re concerned about your business.”
“My business is doing fine, thank you. It’s a shame you came all this way when I could have just told you that over the phone. And I’m sure you and your organization don’t want me to take up any more of your time.”
Not taking my hint, he chuckled. “I’m sure your cash flow is fine, Miss Sands. That’s not what we were getting at. It’s your clientele. We don’t like who you represent. In particular Joseph Fahima.”
I raised my eyebrows. “I don’t see why y’all care who represents him.”
“I think he should stick to his own kind and you to yours. The natural way, you see. Against race mixing.”
“Yes, I see. This is because Joseph is Arab?” 
He didn’t answer. He just gave me a smug little smirk.
Yes, I had been wrong about Carl Albrecht, all right. He wasn’t a fairy. He was a racist.
“Again, thank you for your concern about my business, but I think my business is between me, my clients, and the State Bar Association. It doesn’t have a fancy acronym, but I report to them nonetheless. Not you. Not this ‘OUR OWN.’ If this is your only matter, then thank you for your concern and have a good day.” I stood up and opened the door to my office.
Carl stayed where he was.  “OUR OWN is prepared to offer you significant compensation if you would agree to stop your representation of Fahima.” Surprised, my jaw fell open. He took it as curiosity. “I told you I had a matter that would interest you.”
“No, this is not interest. This is shock and disgust at your attempt to bribe me.”
He frowned and fumbled with the hat in his hands. “I was hoping it wouldn’t come to this,” he said in a tone full of feigned regret. “We didn’t want to have to threaten you, Miss Sands. We don’t want you representing Fahima or anyone else that’s not your kind.”
“My kind? Is this because Joseph is Jewish or because he’s Arab?”
He shrugged. “You know what he is.”
I noted that that wasn’t an answer. The queasy feeling grew. Maybe I was still wrong about Carl. About more than him just being a fairy and a potential client, I mean. Maybe he wasn’t racist. Maybe he was species-ist. Was that even a word? Was he prejudiced against fairies? How could he even know that Joseph was a fairy?
I stared him down. “What is he?” I didn’t know why, but I needed confirmation that he knew Joseph was a genie. I needed to know if he was just a run of the mill racist fuck or if there was something more.
He smiled knowingly and pointedly avoided the question. “It’s not natural that ordinary people like you and me mix with...whatever Fahima is. That’s why my group was founded. We need to protect ourselves and will protect ourselves. You saw what he did to that football player. That’s just not natural,” he said, stressing the word. “We want to see that kid in prison where he belongs. Where all his kind belong. They’re dangerous.”
“More dangerous than you?”
A simpering smile spread on his face. “I’m not the dangerous one. Not if you understand that we’re just serious about stopping you from making this mistake.”
“Serious how?”
He uttered a low laugh. The sound was menacing. “Do I need to spell it out for you?”
After the incident with Joseph and the lettuce knife, I was an idiot for not installing a panic button in my office. “I’m going to ask you once again to leave my office.” I thought about my escape plan in case he didn’t. I could call Gabby and ask her to get the big, burly accountants from down the hall. Yeah, that sounded like a solid plan.
“So does that mean you’re not interested in doing business with me?” He asked coyly.
I tried to stop my arm from shaking as I pointed it to my door. “Now!”
“We’ll be in touch.” He put on his hat, turned to me and pulled on the brim in a mockery of respect.
I followed him out of my office, through the reception room, and finally out of my office suite. I realized as I saw his client information sheet on Gabby’s desk with a receipt stapled to it that he had at least paid a consultation fee so I would be monetarily compensated for my own harassment. What kind of sicko pays a consultation fee to a lawyer just to threaten her?
Gabby turned to me with eyes wide. She could feel the tension. “I take it he won’t be hiring you?”
Once I saw through the window on the door to my suite that he had gotten in the elevator, I let myself feel the anger and the fear. “If he comes back, I think you should notify the police.” My voice shook. I took a deep breath, and Gabby brought me a bottle of water. I took a sip and tried to still my voice. “If he calls or writes or makes any other contact, I want to know right away. And you and I need a code word for ‘there’s a crazy man in my office. Call the cops now.’ What if I page you and ask about the Cowboys? You know how much I hate football, so that should tip you off.”
Her face was still a mask of shock. As calmly as I could, I explained to her what had happened, spinning it that he was only racist and not anything else. I still wasn’t sure where exactly his hate was directed, but it probably didn’t matter for our purposes.
She held up his client sheet as though it were poisonous. “Should I shred this?”
I shook my head and snatched it from her. It’d be a good idea to hang on to it so Gabby could give it to the police in case I turned up dead. They’d be able to find him from the information he gave, assuming he didn’t lie too much on it.
Gabby raised an eyebrow at me. “How worried are you that he’ll do something?”
“I don’t know. I think it’s time for us to take some general precautions. Call some security people and ask about getting a panic button. Maybe a buzzer for our front door.”
She nodded. “Should I start bringing my handgun to work?”
I took a deep breath. I didn’t want it to come to that, but I didn’t want to tell her no. “If that would make you feel more comfortable.”
She nodded again, considering it. “So what happens now?”
“Now?” I repeated after another sigh. I rubbed the cold bottle of water over my head, wishing that I could just forget about what had happened. That would be a bad idea to say the least. I had to tell Whitney and Bran about it. Whitney would be pissed that he’d have to worry about dangerous, bigoted humans as well as dangerous fairies. Bran would... I had no idea how Bran would react to the news. He didn’t get emotionally hurt, but did he feel fear? Did he already know there were people like this Carl and OUR OWN running around? Was it just my human privilege that protected me from knowing any of this before?
“Now we prepare for Joseph’s trial.” I looked to the calendar. Ready or not, it was only a couple of weeks away.
Let the games begin.
Chapter 28

In real life, trials are boring. Even if you have the most salacious facts—a horrific murder or an illicit affair—the trial will inevitably focus on the most boring of the details. Would you describe the woman’s hair as blonde or maybe brown with blonde highlights? When you filled in the application to rent your apartment, did you indicate that you were married? What about when listing your emergency contact when you had dental surgery? Yes, those are questions that I actually bored a judge or jury with. Here, in a story of a horrific beating, Whitney and I choose to focus on the relationship between the victim and the defendant—did the defendant come often to the victim’s house? Were the defendant and the victim seen together at school by other students or teachers? Snoozeville, right?
Of course, Zach would be the prosecutor’s star witness. He would talk about the blood and the fight and the things the jury would enjoy. The prosecutor would keep their interest in the hopes that entertainment would be enough to win their votes. And he would save Zach for last so the jury would be left with his words in mind as we presented our case, meager and boring as it was.
I put my hand on Joseph’s arm and led him to the defendant’s table. His parents sat behind us and whispered words of good luck to us as we sat down. Whitney joined us and introduced himself to Omri and Mazel.
Omri narrowed his eyes at Whitney. “You’re that attorney that yelled at Miss Sands that day?”
I had explained to Joseph’s parents that I was bringing in another attorney to assist me in the case, but they hadn’t met Whitney. At least, I thought they hadn’t. I obviously wasn’t counting on them remembering the angry lawyer who yelled at me after their son’s arraignment.
Whitney actually blushed. He dropped his voice. “Just part of the show. We’re on the same side.”
“Now you are,” Omri said accusingly.
“Always. Things are not what they seem.” Whitney may have been trying to be reassuring, but he came across as cryptic and creepy. Omri’s stern face looked unconvinced, to say the least.
I tugged on Joseph’s arm to pull him away for a moment. “Joseph, you know Zach’s going to be in the courtroom today,” I said in a whisper. “Did you bring anything to help with that?” I dropped my voice even further. “Any iron?” I didn’t want a repeat of the last time he was caught off guard and tried to kill me.
He nodded and reached down the front of his shirt. “I thought my usual hardware rings might look a bit suspicious, so I dug through my junk drawer and found this.” He fished out a large silver—well, stainless steel, I assumed—necklace with a Hebrew letter on it. “It’s from my bar mitzvah. One of my mom’s relatives. As a kid, I hated it. It’s tacky, right?”
I bit my lip to keep myself from giving my opinion. It did look like the kind of necklace frequently seen over a bed of chest hair and paired with a shirt unbuttoned too low.
 Joseph laughed at my pained expression and tucked the necklace back under his shirt. “Now, I guess it’s my lucky charm.”
Two prosecutors sat across the aisle from us. Whitney and I shook hands with Greg, and he introduced us to his co-counsel Bethany Lintz. Bethany was a recent graduate and new to the district attorney’s office. Never having opposed her in court, I knew little else about her.
Greg stood up to make his opening statement. Joseph’s face was blank as though he was trying to tune the whole thing out. His left fist frequently grasped as his shirt, clinging to the necklace underneath until his knuckles turned white. Seeing him like that didn’t help my nerves.
When Greg finished, I stood up to deliver our own opening statement. I took a deep breath and rattled off the words I had worked hard on over the past few days. My eyes found Whitney’s when I needed confidence, and he’d nod encouragingly or even mouth a word I’d need to emphasize. I couldn’t bring myself to look at Joseph. I hoped the jury wouldn’t think that made me cold. Well, no colder than they thought me for trying to convince them that it was no big deal that Joseph beat the crap out of his friend.
“And so, ladies and gentlemen,” I said as my speech wound down. “It’s my hope that the evidence will show that this case was about going too far.” See what I mean about Snoozeville? “The evidence will show that my colleague the prosecutor Mr. Richards,” I gestured and smiled in the director of the prosecutors. “A good, hard working man, I know—got carried away and went too far. He overcharged my client. He went over the elements of the offense with you. He needs to prove all those things in order for you to find Joseph guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.
“But the evidence will not show that Joseph entered into Zach’s home without his permission and with the intent to commit a felony therein. Instead, the evidence will show that Joseph was invited to his friend’s house and they started to fight over something. Roughhousing with his friend, he went too far.
“I’m not going to argue that Joseph didn’t beat up Zach. That would be an insult to your intelligence. You’ll see the pictures. You’ll see the pictures of what Zach did to Joseph too, for that matter. But what you won’t see is evidence of breaking. You won’t see evidence that Joseph went to Zach’s house that day with the intent to beat him up. You won’t see that evidence, because that’s not what happened. Mr. Richard went too far with the charge. And because you won’t see that evidence, you’ll have to find Joseph not guilty.”
I sat back down. Whitney patted my back and muttered “good job,” and I worried that Joseph’s fist was clenched so tightly around the necklace that he would crush it.
“Try to relax,” I whispered to him as the first witness, the arresting officer was sworn in.
I should have known better. Telling someone to relax always has the opposite effect. “Have you ever been on trial before, Maddy?” he spat back. When I said nothing, he hissed “then just shut up and do your job.”
After a long preamble about his time on the police force, Officer Rodriguez told the story of what he saw when he came to Zach’s house on that day in September. He described Zach’s wounds—a broken nose and rib, a busted lip and brow, and scratches. He remembered that both kids had been bloodied.
“So how could you tell who was the aggressor?” Greg asked the officer.
“Mr. Wilks said...”
I leapt to my feet. “Objection! Hearsay.”
“Sustained,” Judge Garcia said lazily. “The witness will not testify as to what others have told him.”
The officer began again. “Mr. Wilks was in worse shape than the defendant. It was his home. And there was the matter of the stolen property.”
“What property was that?” Greg asked.
“A ring.”
“And you recovered the ring?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Where was it?”
“In the defendant’s pocket.”
Whitney cross-examined the officer about his conclusions about Zach and Joseph’s fight, or struggle as Whitney called it, trying to downplay it. He glossed over the wounds, not wanting the jury to hear the gory details again. He paused as though he were considering something. He looked at the officer as though appraising him. “How big would you say Zach is?” Whitney finally asked.
He shrugged his massive shoulders. “About one hundred and eighty pounds. Five foot ten, maybe.”
“Would you say he’s a big guy?”
He shrugged again. “For a high schooler, yeah.”
“Would you say he’s smaller than you?”
“A bit.”
“And you consider yourself to be a strong guy, right?”
“Sometimes.”
“You play football?”
“I did.”
“What position did you play?”
Greg stood up and looked dramatically bewildered. “Objection, relevance.”
“I’ll allow it for now,” Judge Garcia said, though she looked at Whitney with a wary eye. “The witness may answer.”
“Safety.”
“Can you explain that for those in the jury who don’t know what a safety is?”
Greg stood up again. “Judge, to save time, we’re prepared to stipulate that a safety is a defensive player. The last line of defense. They have to be fast and hard hitters.”
“Thank you, counselor,” Whitney said, barely keeping a mocking tone from his voice. He turned back to Officer Rodriguez. “Do you know if the victim plays football?”
“He does.”
“Do you know what position he plays?”
“Cornerback.”
Whitney turned to the prosecutor with a smirk. “Would you like to tell us about a cornerback?”
Greg returned his smirk. “Objection to the sidebar.”
Judge Garcia looked unhappy. “Let’s keep the snide remarks to a minimum, counselor.”
“I apologize, Judge.” Whitney turned back to the witness. “Officer Rodriguez, what is a cornerback?”
“Another defensive player.”
“For those of us who don’t know our football, defensive players, they’re the big ones, right?”
“Right,” Officer Rodriguez said with a smirk.
“So, bigger than you, maybe?”
“Objection. Calls for speculation. And relevance,” Greg sputtered.
Judge Garcia frowned. “This is cross-examination, so I’ll allow some leeway. But my patience is growing thin, Mr. Applebaum.”
“Thank you, your Honor,” Whitney said deferentially.
“Yeah, the kid’s bigger than I am,” Officer Rodriguez admitted. 
“And can you tell the jury how much Joseph weighs?”
The officer looked down at his notes. “One hundred and twenty two pounds.”
“Thank you,” Whitney said and turned to Joseph, appraising him. Trying to get the jury to follow his lead and wonder how and why this scrawny kid would have tried to beat up a football player larger than the cop on the stand. And how or why he was the one to start the fight.
“And does Joseph play football?”
“I don’t know.”
“Does it look like he does?”
Greg gave an annoyed “tisk” and stood up. “Objection. Speculation, Judge.”
“Sustained.”
“Withdrawn.” Whitney held up his hands in a mea culpa gesture. “In your experience, when you see people fight, do they appear to be evenly matched?”
“It depends.”
“Do you ever see a small kid beat the snot out of a bigger kid?”
“Speculation, again, your Honor.”
“I’ll rephrase the question, Judge,” Whitney said. “Officer Rodriguez, have you in your experience seen a smaller kid beat the snot out of a larger kid, like how this jury is supposed to believe Joseph beat up Zach?”
Officer Rodriguez thought about it for a minute, clearly reluctant to admit how unlikely the prosecutor’s story was. “Maybe once or twice.”
“And remind us how long you have been an officer.”
“Eighteen years all together.”
Next Bethany called the nurse who had treated Zach in the hospital after the fight. She talked more about his wounds and how in her professional opinion and experience they had been inflicted—i.e., with a blunt object like a closed fist. After getting to know Joseph, it was hard to imagine him beating the crap out of another person. Of course I wouldn’t be able to make the jury get to know him like I did, let alone make them believe in magic and fairies and demons or whatever Joseph was. I looked anxiously at the jury and wondered how much they were swayed by the nurse’s testimony after Whitney had so painstakingly told them how much smaller Joseph was than Zach. Could they really believe Joseph was able to get the better of someone nearly twice his size?
On cross examination, I felt like a pre-schooler arguing “nuh-uh!” I tried to get the nurse off the stand as quickly as possible.
After the nurse, the prosecutors called a few of Zach’s friends. They talked a little about how Joseph was hanging around them hero worshipping Zach and how Zach had wanted nothing to do with him. A few mentioned Zach’s ring—the one Officer Rodriguez said Joseph had stolen. They said Zach wore it all the time. One even testified that Joseph seemed to want it. The only thing Whitney and I tried to do with his friends was to give the jury a reason to disbelieve them.
“Do you remember Zach ever wearing a ring?” I asked Zach’s friend Samuel, the same friend who had refused to talk to me months earlier.
“Yeah.” He sounded bored. “Zach wore it all the time.”
“Can you describe it for the jury, please?” The details of the ring wasn’t exactly important here. I just wanted Samuel to tell the jury about how his gentile friend wore a ring with the Star of David on it. It was an odd fact that they all had tried to avoid.
Samuel shrugged. “I don’t know. It was a clunky thing with a circle and two interlocking triangles on it.”
“Have you ever seen that symbol before?”
He shrugged again. “Maybe.”
“Maybe,” I repeated. I looked down to my notes to hide my smile. You didn’t need to be a religious scholar to recognize the Star of David. “Your Honor, may I approach the witness?”
“You may.”
I walked to the witness stand and showed Samuel the picture of Zach’s ring. “I’m showing you a picture that’s been marked Defendant’s Exhibit 5. Do you recognize it?”
Samuel shrugged and mumbled something.
“Speak up, please.”
“I said ‘yeah.’”
“And what is it?”
“That’s Zach’s ring.”
“Zach’s ring,” I repeated. I let Samuel stare at the picture for a few moments, giving him the chance to provide a better description. “Your Honor, I’d like to publish this picture for the jury and offer it into evidence.”
Greg half stood up. “No objection.”
I slid the picture onto the overhead projector and flipped it on. Zach’s ring was blown up for the jury to see in all its clunky, crude detail. For the first time, I wondered how he had made it and if he had had Hazel’s help. Joseph had said she was an artist. That would have been a cruel bit of irony if he had enlisted her help to craft the item that may have played the biggest role in her disappearance.
“Still not sure if you’ve seen this symbol before, Samuel?”
Yeah, I’ve heard the stereotypes too about backwoods religious types in Texas and all over the Deep South. I’ve been to places that justify the stereotype, but the Houston area just isn’t one of them. Galveston’s most famous historical resident—the pirate Jean Lafitte—had been Jewish.
Samuel shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
Greg stood up again. “Objection. Asked and answered.”
“One last question for you, Mr. Jacobs. Is your friend Mr. Wilks Jewish?”
Samuel cleared his throat. “Not to my knowledge.”
“Then why do you think he would wear a ring with this symbol on it?”
Greg was still on his feet from the last time. “Objection again, your Honor. That calls for speculation. The witness already said he didn’t know what the symbol meant.”
Having shot up Samuel’s credibility, I passed the witness.
Before we knew it, it was time to break for lunch. Joseph stood awkwardly as the jurors and judge left the courtroom. “How can you eat at a time like this?”
I shrugged. “You eat or you go hungry for the rest of the day.”
“How do you think it went?”
“It’s too early to say. The jury heard all the horrible things you did to Zach. There’s no way for that to have gone well.” His face turned sullen. I hated sounding like a downer, but there wasn’t a nice way to interpret the morning’s proceedings. “At least Whitney’s cross exam went well about the difference in size between you two, and I made his friend look like an idiot. Have a nice, quick lunch with your parents. Meet back here in forty five minutes.”
I declined Whitney’s offer to have lunch with him. I wanted to have a cup of coffee and greasy food by myself in a hole in the wall diner on Broadway. I wanted to not think about anything even remotely related to the case, and Whitney’s presence would be too distracting.
But my plan to distract myself with bad food didn’t work. It just made me worry about food poisoning on top of everything else.
Chapter 29

Greg called Zach to the witness stand first thing after lunch. Zach walked through the courtroom with a swagger that made me want to punch him. As he walked by the defense table, I noticed he was wearing the ring with the Seal of Solomon on it. I swore under my breath. Next to me, Joseph stiffened. He quickly reached one hand down to his pocket for the necklace. He had given up on wearing it around his neck, having fiddled with it at each nervous moment like a scandalized woman clutching her pearls. He pulled it out and showed me a small blob of gelatinous metal.
“So quickly?”
He shrugged helplessly. “I guess my nerves don’t help.”
“I told you to relax!” I didn’t miss the irony of my paranoid hiss. I reached in my briefcase for my keys and quickly tore off my keychain. Anticipating something like this, I had purchased a tacky souvenir at a gas station on my way down—a stainless steel mass in the shape of Texas. “Will this do?”
Joseph shrugged and clutched the keychain in his fist.
Greg paced between the prosecutor’s table, the jury box, and the witness stand. I wondered if he was as nervous as we were. He should be—it was his stupid call not to charge Joseph with a lesser included offense. Not that I minded, of course. It was just a boneheaded move that would kill his career if he lost. “Would you state your name for the court, please?”
He cleared his throat nervously. “Zachary Jeremy Wilks.”
“And how old are you?”
“Eighteen years old.”
Greg lead Zach through the necessary introductions, where he went to school, what his favorite subject is, what he did for fun, and more about football. Things to make him seem likeable to the jury. I still couldn’t think of him as anything but a violent asshole slave master.
“Do you know the defendant Joseph Fahima?”
Throughout the trial, Greg and Bethany had made a point of using Joseph’s last name to remind the jury of his otherness through his hard to pronounce name. Most prosecutors refused to humanize my clients, calling them only “the defendant” or “the accused” when they had to speak about them.
“Yes, sir.”
“How do you know him?”
“We go to school together.”
“Tell me about your relationship with Mr. Fahima.”
I stood up. “Objection. Calls for a narrative.” Our plan was to keep Zach on a tight leash during testimony. We didn’t want him to open his mouth without knowing what he was going to say, and Greg’s question invited him to tell a story.
“I’ll rephrase, your Honor.” He turned back to Zach. “Are you two friends?”
Zach opened his mouth to answer, but no sound came out. He coughed for a moment then sputtered out. “I guess so.”
Greg paused. He hadn’t expected that answer. Though Zach hadn’t spoken to us, we knew it had always been Zach’s story that they weren’t friends. That Joseph was some deranged kid who hero worshiped him. That’s what the police report had said. I knew better than to make any logical conclusions about this trial, but it sounded like Zach now realized that he had a choice between getting charged for perjury or getting charged for filing a false police report.
Greg cleared his throat and continued with his examination. “What do you mean, you guess so?”
Zach shrugged. “I mean we hang out, but we’re not good friends, you know?”
“What do you do when you two ‘hang out?’”
He shrugged again. “I don’t know. Play video games. Watch TV. Talk about school and girls.”
“Where do you hang out?”
Again, Zach started coughing. Greg brought him a glass of water and, when Zach had composed himself, asked the question once more.
“Mostly at my house.” The words slurred together in a nervous rush.
Greg stopped his pacing and went back to his notes. Their whole case kind of depended on Zach not inviting Joseph over, Joseph not being welcome, and Joseph wanting that stupid ring. I could see that stupid ring on his finger now as Zach lifted his hand up to play with his tie.
“Was he hanging out at your house the afternoon of September 16th?” Greg’s tone grew slightly harsher.
“Yes, sir.”
“What were you two doing?”
“Probably playing Xbox like we normally do.”
“Normally?”
Zach’s voice cracked a few times before he answered and his hand went back up to adjust his tie as though it were strangling him. “Yeah, we play a lot of Xbox.”
“A moment, please, your Honor.” The prosecutors conferred with each other at their table in quick whispers.
Whitney took this time to turn to me. “What’s he doing? He told the cops they barely knew each other.”
I turned to Joseph. He still had my keychain in my hand, but a faint burning smell emitted from his balled up fist. I wondered how much longer the keychain would last. “Is this your doing?”
His eyes widened in shock that I would accuse him, and he shook his head. “I’m holding your keys, remember? I can’t do anything like that now. And even if I weren’t holding them, I couldn’t do anything against him. Not while he’s still my master.”
The prosecutors finished discussing the change in Zach’s story, and Greg stood up again. “Do you remember telling the police that you never hung out with Joseph outside of school?”
“Objection,” I said quickly. “Leading the witness.”
“I’ll allow it,” the judge said. “You may answer.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Why did you tell the police that?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t think they’d believe me that he beat me up if I told them we were friends.”
“You were afraid of Joseph, weren’t you?”
I stood up. “Objection. Leading again, Your Honor.”
“Sustained.”
“Why did your mother go to the police?”
I stood up again. “Objection. Speculation. He doesn’t know why his mother made that call.”
“Overruled. You may answer if you can.”
Zach nodded at Judge Garcia and continued. “Joseph hurt me pretty bad.”
“Why did the police arrest Joseph?”
“I told them...”
I interrupted. “Objection. Hearsay.”
“Sustained.”
“Without telling me what you said,” Greg continued, “can you tell me why the police arrested Joseph?”
“Objection. Speculation again.”
The judge looked a bit frustrated by Greg’s repeatedly poorly phrased questions. “Sustained. Counselor, mind your form.”
The prosecutor took a deep breath and tried again. “You said you were hurt pretty bad. Can you tell me about it?”
“My nose was broken. I was bleeding from my mouth. I had a cut over my eye.”
“Anything else?”
“I can’t remember.”
“And Joseph?”
“I punched him once or twice in the face.”
“Why did y’all start fighting?”
“I went to the bathroom, and Joseph started going through my things.”
“What happened when you got out?”
“I told him to stop.”
“What did Joseph do?”
“He stopped.”
Greg stopped again and looked at his notes. “Do you remember telling the police that he didn’t stop? That he punched you and started kicking you?”
I stood angrily. “Objection. Compound question and hearsay.”
“I’ll rephrase,” Greg said. “Who threw the first punch?”
“I did.”
Frustrated, Greg stood there for a second before hurrying back to his table. “Another moment, please, your honor,” Greg said as he sat back down to talk to his co-counsel.
“What’s going on?” Joseph asked us.
Whitney shrugged. “Other than Zach fucking up their case, I don’t know. What’s he doing up there?”
“He’s finally telling the truth.”
“Yes, but why?”
Joseph’s eyes looked like hollow voids. “I don’t know. Maybe he thinks I’ll serve him better on the outside. Maybe he’s afraid I’ll finger him in Hazel’s murder to try to reduce my sentence.”
My stomach sank to the floor. It was the first time Joseph admitted to killing Hazel. I had a million questions to ask him about it, not the least of which whether he thought it would maybe be the right thing to confess and implicate Zach and give her family some peace.
“You want to tell them now where her body is? Try to get a lighter sentence?”
Joseph shook his head. “I can’t.”
I frowned. I continued to be confounded by his unwillingness to help himself. Or maybe whatever bound him to Zach really wouldn’t let him tell the truth. “Let’s just get through trial then.”
Joseph looked like he was going to throw up. “But what does he have planned for me? It can’t be good if he’s trying to get me out.”
“I’d worry more about what Bubba or whoever will do to you in there,” Whitney said with his usual tact. “Zach is a known danger. And we’ve developed ways to deal with him, right?”
“Yeah, you’ve had so many great ideas so far,” he hissed bitterly. “Mutilation by lasers, story time with vampires. I want to plead guilty to get away from him. You’re my attorney. You have to do what I want!”
I shook my head. “You’re so close to winning this thing!”
I looked to Zach on the stand. I expected him to look smug, as though he had everyone exactly where he wanted them and was proud of the way he had manipulated the judicial system, but he had an odd, vacant expression on his face. He stared at Greg and Bethany like he was trying to hear what they were saying. He played with that damn ring—the ring that held Joseph to him—like a nervous tic. I had seen Joseph play with his rings in that same way. It dawned on me then that we weren’t exactly where Zach wanted us. There was a hint of a worry in his eyes. He had no idea what was going on either.
Joseph turned to Whitney, but he was as stubborn as I was. “We’re not like you, Joseph. We’re not bound to your will.”
The coldness in his words struck me. It made me wonder if maybe Joseph was right. Maybe prison was a better alternative than being thrown back to the master who, I now knew, forced him to kill. I couldn’t even imagine what it was like and what Joseph was going through.
“We’ll withdraw before we let you plead guilty. We have to,” Whitney said and glanced over to the prosecutor’s table. “And with how things are going now, I don’t know if they’ll refile the charges.” He clapped Joseph on the back. “I think you’re about to be set free. Well, in one sense of the word.”
Joseph did not look relieved by the turn of events.
Greg finally stood up. “Your Honor, we’d like to request a brief recess.”
The judge pushed her glasses up higher on her nose. “Now? We just came back from lunch.”
“Please, your Honor. This is not to delay but to confer with our witness.”
She frowned but gave him fifteen minutes.
Whitney pulled us into a consultation room and shut the door. “So Zach’s throwing the trial. Now what?”
Joseph slumped on a chair. He opened up his hand, and I saw the hunk of metal that had been my keychain and his red and blistering palm. “He’d rather have me out,” Joseph said without emotion. “I know our plan was to fight the charge, but since we’re not making much progress on getting me out of the binding, an acquittal doesn’t seem like such a good idea.”
“No,” I said, shaking my head slowly as though trying to come out of a daze. “I don’t think Zach is doing this on purpose.”
Whitney and Joseph both stared, waiting for me to elaborate. “What do you mean?”
“I’m not sure.” I closed my eyes so I could focus better, but nothing made sense. 
I shook myself out of my thoughts. “Let’s tackle our problems one at a time. First, iron. Whitney, go steal a spoon or something from the cafeteria. Will that solve that problem at least for now?”
Joseph gave a despondent nod. “I guess.”
“And the trial?” Whitney asked.
I shrugged. “Let Zach go with it. His story will make our job easier.”
“I just wish I knew what to expect.”
“Yeah, well, right now I’ll settle for a spoon.”

After the quick recess and back in the courtroom with a stolen lid from a sugar pourer making a bulge against Joseph’s thigh, Zach took the stand again. Greg decided to play it safe by only asking him questions concerning his injuries. It was a good strategy on their part—getting the jury to hear again how Joseph had fucked him up. When I thought I couldn’t stomach any more of it, Greg passed the witness.
I stood up to begin my cross examination. “Earlier, you said that you were friends with my client?”
Zach shrugged again and fidgeted with the buttons on his coat sleeve. “We hung out. Does that make us friends?”
“Well, that’s what I’m asking you, Mr. Wilks. But however you categorize your relationship now, do you remember telling the police that he wasn’t your friend?”
He shifted in his seat uncomfortably. “Yeah, well, I didn’t...”
I interrupted him. “Yes—or in your case, ‘yeah’—was enough.” Zach just glared at me. I just smirked back at him. I don’t remember ever hating a witness for the other side like I hated him. “How did Joseph come to be at your house on the afternoon of the 16th?”
“We walked.”
I breathed a small laugh. “I mean, you invited him over, right?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“You’ve invited him over many times prior to that day, haven’t you?”
“I guess so.”
“You guess so,” I mocked. “What, was Joseph a stray puppy that just followed you home sometimes?”
Greg didn’t like my attitude. “Objection. Argumentative.”
Judge Garcia shot me a threatening glance. “I’ve warned y’all about snide remarks.”
“I apologize, your Honor. Mr. Wilks, on the occasions that Joseph came to your house, he did so at your invitation, correct?”
“Yes.”
“And the afternoon of the 16th was no different? You invited him over then?”
Greg stood up. “Objection. Asked and answered.”
“Judge, the witness stated previously that he ‘guessed’ he invited my client over. I’d like a more definitive answer.”
“He said, ‘yeah,’ your Honor,” Greg argued.
“He did?” I asked faux surprise in my voice. “In that case, your honor, I’d like to move for a directed verdict. The State failed to prove that Joseph entered the victim’s home without consent, as required by the burglary statute.”
Judge Garcia’s mask of professionalism slipped, and she gave a sharp, short laugh. “Your motion is denied for being premature. Let the State finish putting on their case. And the witness may answer the question.”
Greg looked nervous. He knew the whole trial hinged on how Zach would answer to my question. Well, more or less. I just tried not to smile too broadly. “Well, Zach. What do you say? Did you invite Joseph over on the afternoon of September 16th?”
“Yes.”
“I pass the witness.”
“Mr. Richards?” Judge Garcia asked.
“No more questions for him at this time, but he is subject to recall.”
Judge Garcia nodded. “You may step down, Mr. Wilks. Your next witness, Mr. Richards?”
The prosecutors talked amongst themselves in hushed voices. Meanwhile, Joseph turned to me. “What’s going on now?”
“They’re panicking. Zach just about obliterated their trial. They’re searching their witness list for anyone who might say Zach’s a liar and that there’s no way he invited you over.”
Joseph still looked worried. “Can the whole case really fall apart so easily? I mean, even if Zach invited me over, I still beat him up. What does it matter?”
“It’s all about charging you with the right offense,” I explained in a hurried whisper. “The prosecutor messed up when he went for burglary. We’ve been saying that from the beginning. If he had just charged you with assault, it wouldn’t matter whether or not Zach invited you over or if he lied.”
“But...”
“This is all about Hazel. They went big to pressure you. You called their bluff. And this is what happens when they realize their case is nothing but a house of cards.” I let myself smile when I realized that we just might actually win this case.
Greg stood up, and I silenced Joseph. “Your Honor, the State would like to ask for a brief recess and to resume the trial tomorrow.”
“Another recess?” Judge Garcia did not sound amused.
Greg cleared his throat. “Some of the testimony was...unanticipated. We would like some time to review the evidence in light of this unexpected testimony and make adjustments to our strategy.”
Greg and Bethany must have been really nervous if they wanted to stop for the day now. They probably wanted to spend the afternoon looking for a surprise witness. But Judge Garcia didn’t look pleased. She craned her neck to look at the clock behind her. “It’s only 2:00, Mr. Richards.”
“Your Honor, due to the recent developments, Mr. Wilk’s unanticipated testimony, the State requires some time to review the evidence and reinterview witnesses.”
I stepped forward. “My client has a right to a speedy trial, your Honor.”
She looked down her nose at me. “I don’t think one afternoon is going to make this trial unconstitutional.”
“Even so, my client and the jurors should not be punished because the alleged victim failed to keep to his script. If we got continuances every time a witness surprised us, trials would drag on forever.”
Judge Garcia turned back to Greg. “You have an hour, Mr. Richards. When we come back, I want to see your next witness on that stand or hear you rest.”
Chapter 30

Joseph looked as though that hour would kill him. I’m sure I didn’t look much better. The three of us paced in the small consultation room, wondering with dread what Zach and the prosecution would do with their time.
“I don’t get it!” Whitney’s proclamation startled me, both for its suddenness and its obviousness. There was so much about this case that I didn’t get that I couldn’t bother feeling outraged about it anymore. “If you have some magical powers, can’t you just wish this whole thing away?”
Joseph stared at him like he was an idiot. “Don’t you think that was the first thing I tried? Damn, what am I paying you for?”
“Maybe for your criminal defense?” Whitney asked with harsh mockery. “You didn’t hire us for some fairy freedom, but for this. You’ve got the iron to keep you safe from Zach, right? And the case seems to be going well. At least, Greg appears to be freaking out. From the looks of things, you’re doing well, kid.”
In response, Joseph showed us his palms. They were cracked and bleeding. His left palm was even oozing a yellow liquid. “Yeah, things look peachy from here. You want to take a look at what the rabbi did to my chest?”
I threw my palms over my eyes. The unforgiving fluorescent light was giving me a headache, and their bickering was interfering with my thinking. “Stop it, both of you.” I muttered into the insides of my elbows. I needed to think. I felt like I was so close to coming up with the solution, the smoking gun or eureka moment, but something was stopping me. It’s trite to say it was on the tip of my tongue, but that’s exactly how I felt. As though some mystical gag was preventing me from speaking the truth.
I turned to Joseph, taking my frustration out on him. “And don’t make me feel guilty because I don’t know everything there is to know about fairies. That’s just not fair. None of this is fair, but we’re all doing the best we can. We’re out of ideas. But your plan? To get thrown in prison?” I scoffed, still in disbelief that he considered prison to be a reasonable option. “You’ll get much worse than bleeding palms in there. Do me a favor—if you do decide that’s what you want to do with your life and go commit another crime to get there, hire someone else for your defense.”
Joseph frowned and slumped down into a chair. “I’m sorry.” His mouth set in a firm line. “And thanks. For everything.”
“You’re welcome,” I said, mildly surprised by his gratitude. “And I’m sorry too.”
He nodded. “I just wish I understood what Zach was up to.”
I slid down in a chair next to him. “Yeah, about that.”
He turned to me eagerly. “You think you know?”
I shrugged. “I feel like I almost know, but something is stopping me from understanding.”
Joseph expression was eager and pissed off. “Don’t play games.”
“I’m not playing games!” I insisted. “It’s like you said you can’t lie. I feel the same. Like I know the truth, but I can’t say it.”
“Can you mime it out?” Joseph asked. I wasn’t sure if that was a serious question.
“You can’t lie.” I was more thinking out loud than anything else. “And Zach suddenly tells the truth. What if that’s connected?”
“What do you mean?”
“You are bound by Zach, but what if Zach has to give something in exchange?”
Whitney and Joseph both looked at me blankly.
As I started to explain my theory, as it took shape in my mind, I became more convinced I was right. It was a professional hazard. The more I argued for a client, the more I believed in his cause. “What if there is something that works the other way around? I know my sample size is limited, but all the fairies I’ve seen have some...” I couldn’t think of a word, “reciprocal effect on the people they interact with. Bran, he’s a sprite. He needs adrenaline or whatever, and in return he gives people courage. The baobhan sith, she feeds off of people’s fear and takes their potency in exchange.” I looked to Whitney for confirmation, but he quickly looked down to his feet. “It’s not a fair deal, but she’s not exactly one of the good guys.”
Whitney looked to Joseph wondering what effect the genie was having on him now. “Okay, so what do you think Joseph does to normal people?”
I flinched at the word “normal” but shrugged again. “Maybe as long as Zach is using the ring to bind Joseph, he is bound by Joseph’s own limitations.”
“Such as?”
“What if when Zach is wearing the ring, he can’t lie either? That’s why he told one story to the cops, when they had the ring, and another on the stand when he’s wearing the ring.”
Whitney and Joseph looked skeptical, but it was the only explanation for Zach’s testimony that made sense.
“Has anything like this ever happened with you before?”
Joseph shook his head. “I’ve never been bound before.”
I dropped my gaze to my feet, ready to spill my last secret, my last piece of evidence for my theory. “Your mother said something similar. That when a genie was fulfilling his debt to her, she worried that she wouldn’t be able to lie to keep a secret.”
“What lie?” Joseph asked almost angrily. “What secret?”
“About your father,” I said hollowly. “Your real father, the shedh.”
I turned to Joseph. His face went blank, and he blinked a few times. He seemed unsteady on his feet, swaying slightly forward and back, and I worried that he was going to faint. He didn’t. He just sat down heavily in a chair, still with the blank look on his face.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered. “I know this is a fucked up way to learn it. Didn’t you wonder why you are the way you are?”
He shrugged petulantly.
Confused, Whitney looked back and forth between us. I hadn’t told him Mazel’s story. I hoped he wouldn’t consider it a breach of trust that I had kept this information form him. “And you think that’s what’s happening now?” he asked, trying to puzzle it out. “That when Zach has the ring and is binding Joseph, he’s also limiting himself by Joseph’s inabilities?”
I shrugged. “Do you have a better explanation?”
Joseph was still reeling from the truth bomb I’d just dropped. “Your timing sucks, you know! How could you spring this on me now?”
“Give me a break, Joseph. It’s not my fault you don’t have a basic understanding of magical genetics. You hired me as a criminal defense attorney, not a family counselor.”
We sat in stony silence a moment longer. Whitney broke the spell by clearing his throat. “Well, now that we know that this isn’t a trick of Zach’s, or now that we think we know it, how do you feel about an acquittal?”
He was still upset with me for what I had said about his parentage, but he gave Whitney half a smile. “I don’t know what to think. I’m a free man, but I’m still an enslaved genie.”
“There’s still one last hope,” Whitney said quietly.
Joseph and I stared at him mutely.
“Isla,” he said. “You told me she said...”
I interrupted him. “You’re not seriously bringing that up as an alternative!”
“As an alternative to what? Life in servitude to that sadist? Yeah, I am, Maddy.”
Joseph looked between us as we yelled. “What else are you hiding? If you know something that will help me—anything at all—you have to let me know!”
“Another...” Whitney searched for the right word. “Another fairy we know. She suggested that you have to kill Zach.”
I shook my head in shock that I was hearing a lawyer practically suggest that his client commit a murder. “No. That’s not what she said. I’m sure natural causes would do it.” I grabbed Joseph’s hands. “Joseph, there has to be another way. You don’t have to do that.”
He snatched his hands away from mine. I didn’t know if I had hurt his hands or just disgusted him. “Maybe I do. What are my other options?”
“Your father?” Even I thought my words sounded hopeless.
He scoffed. “He might be long dead by now. Even if my mother knew how to find him again. What would you have me do, Maddy? You think I should live the rest of my life like this?” He held out his cracked hands again and looked at me as though he seriously expected me to approve and say yeah, sure, kill him. Of course, I couldn’t say that. But Joseph knew that if he did it, I couldn’t turn him in either.
Just then, Whitney’s watch beeped. “We’ve got ten minutes before that shit show of a trial will start again. If it starts again,” he added as an afterthought.
Joseph nodded. “I’ll meet you in there,” he said and went for the exit.
I grabbed his arm. “Wait, please don’t kill him!”
He shook me off. “Relax, Maddy. I’m just going to use the bathroom. I’m sure it’ll look suspicious if Zach turns up dead in a courthouse toilet.”
Whitney laughed, and I glared at him.
“What are you thinking?” he asked me, still laughing and grinning a stupid grin.
I narrowed me eyes further. “Isn’t there some rule that you’re never ever allowed to ask anyone that question?”
He shrugged and spun a pen over his fingers. “I think that’s only when you’re dating the other person. As my business partner...”
“We’re not partners!” I was a bit shorter with him than I had intended to be. He gave me a disparaging look and continued.
“As my business associate,” he said through clenched teeth, “I think I’m entitled to ask. What are you thinking?”
I sighed and pushed the chair back so it teetered on its back two legs. “I’m thinking ‘fuck. I don’t know what to do to help this kid.’”
Whitney gave half a smile. “We’re about to get an acquittal. That’s got to count for something.”
“Yeah, out of the frying pan and into the fire,” I said grimly.
He shrugged, unmoved by Joseph’s struggles. “Just like you said—he can continue to wear the iron or whatever until he figured out a way to break this...” he waved his hand in the air as he sought the correct word. “Whatever.”
I shook my head. After all this, Whitney still couldn’t even bring himself to say the word genie. “You’re not taking it seriously. I don’t mean the case. I mean his other problems. Why’d you tell him Isla’s advice? You want to get him in more trouble?”
“You think I want him to kill Zach?” he asked as though offended. “I told him that to make wearing those damn chains seem like a better alternative.”
“Well, maybe you should have been clearer.”
Whitney dismissed my worry with a wave of his hand. “Once he thinks it over, he’ll go back to the iron gladly. Besides, it’s not like killing Zach was such an original idea. You think Joseph wouldn’t have thought of it himself? But he won’t do it. He’s too good a kid.”
“No, Whitney,” I said shaking my head. I dropped my voice, worried that Joseph was behind the door listening. “Don’t you remember why we’re here? That Hazel girl’s been missing from his school. The police think he killed her. If he’s capable of murdering her, then why not Zach?”
He rolled his eyes at me again. “Please. Don’t be so dramatic. It’s not murder. It’s necessity. Practically self-defense. I’m sure you can get it down to manslaughter if it comes down to it. Or I can, I guess. You already told him you wouldn’t represent him again.”
“But if we know he’s going to do it, can we just let it happen?”
“Yes,” he said unequivocally. “The rules of ethics don’t require us to break confidences to report a potential crime. I guess it’s for you to decide. If you think Zach is in danger, you can turn Joseph in if you want. But then he could say it was his lawyers who gave him the idea.”
I groaned. “Thanks for this ethical dilemma you’ve placed me in.”
He shrugged and put his jacket back on. “Consider it pay back for Isla,” he said as he slipped out of the conference room.

We met Joseph back in the courtroom. I breathed a small sigh of relief when I saw Zach sit in the gallery. So Joseph hadn’t managed to get him in the bathroom after all.
Judge Garcia peered down at Greg and Bethany. “So, Mr. Richards and Ms. Lintz. Are you ready proceed?”
“Your Honor, the State would like to recall Officer Rodriguez.”
I furrowed my brows and turned to Whitney. What did they want with Officer Rodriguez again? Whitney just shrugged back at me. “I guess they’re desperate,” he whispered uncertainly.
Bethany stood up confidently and even shot a smug look our way like we were back in middle school. “Welcome back, Officer Rodriguez. My co-counsel and I were wondering, was there anything in this case to indicate that the defendant was involved in a gang?”
I didn’t need the elbowing from Whitney to jump to my feet shouting. “Objection. Your Honor, may we approach?”
She nodded and called Greg, Bethany, Whitney, and me up to her bench where we could argue outside of the hearing of the jury. Theoretically. I knew that with curiosity and sharp ears, conversations were never as private as we would hope.
“Your Honor, this is a violation of the order in limine. You clearly ruled that before evidence concerning Joseph’s tattoo or alleged gang activity, the prosecutors must approach the bench and ask for a ruling from you on its admissibility.” The words came out in a rush. I hoped it made sense. I just couldn’t believe the audacity of Bethany blatantly violating the judge’s prior order.
“Your Honor, the order referred to Dr. Ward’s expert report and conclusions,” Bethany said coolly. “We may still ask Officer Rodriguez about his own conclusions and observations.”
“Perhaps, but Officer Rodriguez did not see my client shirtless,” I said sharply. “He had no personal knowledge of Joseph’s tattoo.”
“He saw his booking photographs.”
“Using the photos in that way is a violation of my client’s rights against self-incrimination,” I pleaded.
“A booking photo is no different from a fingerprint,” Bethany said with an unprofessional little scoff. “And it’s settled law that taking a fingerprint is not a violation of a suspect’s rights.”
“Your Honor, the prosecutor’s question was designed to prejudice the jury against my client. Exactly what the order in limine was designed to prevent. This evidence is to be excluded, whether it comes from the expert report or from this witness.”
Judge Garcia considered our arguments with her fingers steepled beneath her chin. “No,” she said finally. “The order was narrow. The report is excluded. You may ask this witness what he knows.”
Fuming, I walked back to the defense table. I sat on the edge of my chair, ready to pop up if Bethany tried anything else funny.
Bethany smiled at the judge, jury, and witness. “Officer Rodriguez, again, I ask you if there was anything in this case to indicate that Joseph Fahima, the defendant, was involved in a gang.”
“Nothing from the crime scene,” Officer Rodriguez said hesitantly. I let out a huge breath.
“Anything about Joseph himself?” Bethany hinted.
“Objection. Leading the witness.”
“I’ll allow it.”
“What the fuck is going on?” Whitney whispered to me.
“He has a tattoo,” Officer Rodriguez said slowly.
Bethany smiled again. “And what about that tattoo makes you think he’s in a gang?”
“Objection. You Honor, she’s assuming facts not in evidence! Officer Rodriguez said nothing about that tattoo indicating Joseph is in a gang.”
Whitney prodded me again. “I think you’re making it worse!”
“His testimony concerning the tattoo was in response to my question on gang affiliation.” Bethany’s calm tone made me want to rip her tongue out.
“Overruled. Continue, Ms. Lintz.”
“Can you describe the tattoo for me?”
Officer Rodriguez gestured to his chest. “It was here. On the left side of his chest. I don’t remember a lot about it. It was a Star of David.”
“Was it an improvised tattoo?”
“Objection. Speculation.”
“In your opinion,” Bethany said with false deference in her voice. “Based upon tattoos you’ve seen on defendants, did this tattoo look professionally done?”
“No, ma’am. And from what I understand homemade jobs like that indicate gang membership.”
“Why would you think that?”
“Dr. Ward said that...”
I leapt to my feet, but the damage was already done from his previous answer—Officer Rodriguez didn’t know anything about tattoos, but Bethany had managed to sneak in the conclusion from Dr. Ward’s report despite the judge’s ruling. Too late, I sputtered out my objection to the cat that had just fled the bag running. Judge Garcia called us up to the bench again.
“Bethany wants us to ask for a mistrial,” Whitney whispered to me as we walked to the bench. “Your Honor, the prosecutor is deliberately leading this witness to testify to things that are out of his personal knowledge but found in the report.”
“You heard my questions, Your Honor,” Bethany said, affronted. “I didn’t ask about the report. Officer Rodriguez offered it up on his own that this means gang membership.”
Technically, she was right. She didn’t ask directly about the report. But we all knew where her questions were headed.
“Either they can’t control their witness and they weren’t careful enough with their preparation and questions to avoid him talking about the conclusions of the report,” Whitney said evenly, “or they deliberately led him there but tried to be subtle about it. They were trying to get it in through the backdoor, and now they did. Just because she was subtle about getting there doesn’t change the prejudicial effect on my client. We would ask that the jury disregard Officer Rodriguez’s entire afternoon testimony.”
Judge Garcia nodded. “I will instruct the jury as such. Mr. Richards, Ms. Lintz, do you have any use for this witness other than to try to backdoor in testimony?”
Bethany started to argue with her. “Your Honor, that was not our intent. Due to the unanticipated nature of the victim’s testimony, we had to take a different approach to...”
Judge Garcia cut her off. “I don’t care why you did it, but you are just barely on this side of prosecutorial misconduct.”
“We didn’t mention that report. Our witness...”
Judge Garcia had lost her patience. Bethany had tip toed around the expert report, claimed a victory on a technicality, and then flaunted Judge Garcia’s tolerance. “Either you have a poor understanding of what your witness knew and how he knew it or you deliberately led your witness to testify about things I didn’t allow. Which is it?”
Bethany stood with her jaw clenched, not liking either of her options.
“I was lenient with you earlier, and you abused that lenience. I will instruct the jury to disregard Officer Rodriguez’s afternoon testimony. Anything else?” Judge Garcia looked to me and Whitney. I knew she was asking if we wanted a mistrial. She looked angry enough to grant it. But I suspected Whitney was right and that that’s what Bethany and Greg wanted. If we asked for a mistrial, they would get a chance to try Joseph again. The next time, it would be without Zach’s damning testimony. But if we didn’t ask, well, we knew there was no way the jury could just forget they heard that the police thought Joseph was in a gang. You can’t unring a bell.
“No, your Honor,” I said meekly.
We returned to our tables, and Greg stood back up. “At this time, the State rests.”
“Very well. Ms. Sands, Mr. Applebaum. Call your first witness.”
“We’d first like to renew our motion for a directed verdict, your Honor,” Whitney said hopefully, wondering how far Judge Garcia’s anger at the prosecutors would go.
“Motion denied. Call your first witness,” the judge repeated.
I wish I could say that we had a spectacular witness who came forth and said that every word out of Zach’s mouth was a lie. That he and Joseph were best friends. Or that Zach was in a secret fight club and enjoyed getting beaten up by his friends. But we didn’t. As I said before—trials are boring. The best we could do was round up a few of Joseph’s friends to talk about how Joseph had dropped them once he started hanging out with Zach, thus evidencing the boys’ friendship.
I wondered if his friends believed it was true—that Joseph had ditched them for someone cooler or more popular. It was good of them to come to testify to try to help the friend who had, in their view, betrayed them.
“I bet you missed your friend, didn’t you?” I had asked one of the witnesses.
“Yeah, I guess,” he hedged, understandably not wanting to get emotional on the stand.
And with that, we rested our feeble case in chief, hoping that Zach had done most of the heavy lifting for us.

The jury deliberated for all of thirty minutes. I held my breath as they marched silently back into the courtroom. Whitney had to nudge me to remind me to breathe before I fell over.
We sat back down and anxiously waited for the foreperson to read through her preamble. When she said “not guilty,” I heard Mazel stifle an ecstatic scream. Crying, she reached over the bar to hug her son and then me. Omri shook our hands, and Joseph finally offered me a stiff hug.
“I’m sorry for what I said earlier,” he mumbled.
“Me too, Joseph. Look, if you need more help with...”
He held up the sugar pourer lid. “I’ve got this for now. But if I ever need to borrow your bottle opener again, I know where you are.”
Joseph left with his parents as I gathered up my papers and briefcase. I shook hands with Greg and Bethany and accepted their congratulations.
“Next time,” Greg said jocularly.
Though he was joking, given what Whitney and I had discussed with Joseph earlier, I took offense. “You think he’ll reoffend?”
Greg shrugged. “Don’t they always,” he said bitterly as left the courtroom through the back door with Bethany at his heels.
I turned to Whitney. “Do you think Joseph’s going to do it?”
He shrugged. “If you were in his position, what would you do?”
That wasn’t something I wanted to think about.
Interlude

Three days after the trial ended, Zach went missing. Some people, the conspiracy theorists, thought the district attorney had something to do with it. That he was embarrassed by Zach’s poor performance during that farce of a trial that he called in a favor with some criminals he had let slide and had him disappear. Other people, the romantics, thought he went to join his girlfriend Hazel, wherever she had been hiding. That they had wanted to be together despite their parents’ disapproval, and that the only way they could do it was by running away.
Joseph, of course, knew better than to listen to such fairytales. He knew better because he knew what happened to Zach.
Three days after the trial ended, Zach knocked on Joseph’s door. Joseph looked through the peep hole and took a deep breath. He had wondered how long it would take for Zach to come rub everything in his face. Yeah, Joseph had won the trial, but he had won it because of Zach’s own testimony. Nothing had changed about their relationship.
This is the only way, Joseph told himself. He had put his faith in Maddy and Bran to find a way, but it had come to nothing. Well, not nothing. Just death. The same way the genies had become free of Solomon. Zach probably would have realized it too if he had ever thought about it.
He had about an hour before his mother would come home. She had felt guilty about leaving Joseph alone, but he managed to convince her that he would be fine if she went to Kroger to pick up something for dinner. She didn’t have to worry anymore.  The trial was over. The jury had found him not guilty.
Joseph opened the door to let Zach in. Zach said nothing. He just walked in like he always had and made himself at home. He helped himself to a Coke from the refrigerator and plopped himself on Joseph’s sofa, kicking his cat to the floor with an irritated “move, cat!” He put his feet on the coffee table and took loud gulps from his drink.
“Well, now what do you want me to do?”
Zach finished his drink before speaking. He belched loudly and set the empty can on the coffee table for Joseph to throw away later. “Now I want you to turn on your Xbox. Let’s play.”
Joseph put on something with a lot of shooting and picked up a light gun. “What was the point of all of it?” he asked as he shot at figures on the screen. It was all just a game for Zach. To him, everyone—Joseph, his friends, Hazel, even the district attorneys—were just players to manipulate.
Zach didn’t pause the game. He just sneered at the screen while he answered. “You’re so analytical. Why does everything have to have a point? Isn’t it enough that I own you?”
Joseph laughed humorlessly. “The district attorneys are going to charge you with filing a false report.”
“And I’m sure you’ll be able to help me out of that fix too.”
Joseph shrugged as though Zach has presented him with options to consider. “They’ll lean on you like they leaned on me. They want information about Hazel. Lucky for you, you had nothing to do with that.” He didn’t want to think about Hazel. He turned back to the mindless violence of the game. Would it be this easy to kill Zach too?
“I don’t think they believe that.”
“Who?”
Zach shot Joseph a glare as if asking how he could be so stupid. “The cops. They’re trying to talk to me again. The district attorneys too.”
“Well, what did you expect when you fucked with them the way you did? They’re not stupid. They know it’s the boyfriend. It’s always the boyfriend. And now that they know you’re a liar, of course they think it’s you.”
Zach thought for a minute as he blew through the bad guys on the screen. He needed to make another wish to make it all go away.
“I’ll give you a piece of advice,” Joseph said casually. “Don’t talk to the cops. It was the one good piece of advice my lawyer gave me.”
“You think she’ll have any good advice for me?”
“No.” Joseph was distracted by the characters in the game. “She thinks you’re a liar too.”
Zach turned to Joseph, his jaw clenched in anger. “You told her!” he spat out.
Joseph looked more annoyed than intimidated. “No, you moron. You forbade me to tell anyone. Besides, who would believe it? No one believes in magic anymore.” Except for Zach, Joseph thought. He realized he had never thought to ask Zach how he had known what Joseph really was. Being a genie had always been a part of him, and he just assumed it was obvious to everyone—that it showed on his face like a birthmark. But no one else knew. No one else believed.
Zach sighed and barely calmed down. He turned his attention back to the game as together they beat the boss.
“I wonder what Hazel believed,” Zach mused as they waited for the next level to load.
Joseph shrugged. “It didn’t come up when I...”
Zach hummed. “What did her face look like when you did it? Was she surprised? Did she know it was me? How did you do it? Did you use magic?”
“I can show you, if you like.”
Zach’s back stiffened. He stopped the game. “Is that a threat? You going to kill me too?”
“You’re my master,” Joseph said, hoping that was sufficient to avoid answering the question. “I can’t do anything you don’t ask for. I’m just saying, I can show you what it was like for her.”
“How?”
“With my magic,” he said patiently. “I can just show you what happened. How I did it. How I got rid of her.”
“You won’t hurt me?”
Joseph enjoyed seeing Zach scared, but he shook his head.
Zach stared at Joseph for a minute wondering where the trap was. When he couldn’t find it, he nodded. “Yeah, show me.” He set down the light gun and put his hands on his knees, looking at Joseph eagerly.
“Make a wish.”
“I wish you’d show me,” Zach said, emphasizing the word as though that would save him.
Joseph covered his eyes with his hands and whistled a tune like a bird call. And when he uncovered them, a pale gray bird hopped on the sofa on a pile of Zach’s clothes. The bird gave an angry, cat-like cry.
What the fuck did you just do?
Joseph ignored the bird. He just sifted through the clothes, looking for the crude brass ring. He founded it and breathed easily for the first time in months. His slipped it on his finger and felt whole.
Turn me back, you asshole.
Joseph shook his head and held the ring up to the bird. “I don’t have to listen to you anymore.”
Joseph clicked his tongue a few times, and his cat came running to him with a friendly meow, expecting to be pet. The bird flapped his wings and tried to fly away, but in that second, the tabby pounced.

Once more, Joseph stood in front of Hazel’s house and knocked on the door. After everything— the suspicion that he has been involved in Hazel’s disappearance, his face plastered on the evening news because of his arrest and trial for assaulting a fellow student, and the disappearance of the victim of that crime—he wondered how Mrs. Coronus would receive him.
But Mrs. Coronus smiled her broken smile. It was still unnerving to Joseph. She still looked like she expected Hazel to come around the corner at any time to knock on her door and was disappointed that she didn’t. “You came by earlier.” She said it as though she were lost in time and Joseph’s visit had been earlier that day and not weeks before. “You’re Hazel’s friend.”
“Yes, I’m sorry I haven’t been by. I’ve been...”
“Yes, I know. The trial.” She reached out for Joseph’s hand and looked at him tenderly. “I want you to know that I never believed any of it. That boy, Zach,” she spat out, but she didn’t finish her thought.
Like it was a reflex, Joseph’s fingers fumbled for iron when he heard Zach’s name. For a paranoid second, Joseph couldn’t find the nut he used to wear around his finger. He wondered if he would ever lose this habit of reaching for metal when he was nervous. “May I go up to her room?” He gestured to his backpack.  “I’ve brought something for her.”
Mrs. Coronus nodded sadly and gestured to the stairs, muttering something about how Hazel would be expecting him.
He walked up the carpeted steps and opened the door to her room as before. The birdseed he had left on the windowsill was gone, either eaten, blown away, or swept up. Mrs. Coronus had been in to clean. Hazel’s bed was made, and a pile of laundry was folded up at the foot of the bed.
Joseph went back to the window, opened it up, and whistled. A pale gray catbird soon appeared. She perched on the sill and looked up expectantly at Joseph as she hopped on his open palm. She gave her meowing-like call.
Well? What happens now?
Joseph set her down gently on the bed. “Now you turn back.”
Joseph covered his eyes as he did before, made a wish, and there, sitting on the bed, was Hazel in her normal form again. Relieved, he let out a great sigh and fell to her bed.
She looked down at herself in relieved shock. She looked in her mirror and touched her face. “I don’t believe it.”
“I can’t believe it worked,” Joseph said. He fell back in her bed, astounded. He had spent the last few months in fear that something would go wrong. He’d never done transformations like that before, but he had to honor the words of Zach’s original wish. Hazel had flown away. Now that Zach wasn’t in control anymore, she could return. “I can’t believe you let me try.” That was probably the wrong word for it. Joseph hadn’t exactly asked for her permission before transforming her into a bird. But he had tried to explain it at least. He had whistled a song to all the birds and hoped they would carry the message—the impossible story that her boyfriend had tried to kill her and she only escaped with the help of an amateur genie practicing transformations.
She turned back to Joseph, her eyes narrowed. “Where’s Zach?”
Joseph curled his lips in a dry smile. “He’s...well... it’s been taken care of.”
She eyed him skeptically. “How?”
“I did the same thing to him as I did to you. Only my cat was around then. You don’t have to worry about him.”
She laughed, sounding still vaguely like a bird singing. “Oh, I wasn’t worried. I understand what you did,” she said, and her voice took a more serious tone. “When I broke up with him, he...”
“It’s okay,” Joseph said quickly. He didn’t need to hear it from her. He has witnessed Zach’s cruelty—to his friends, to the other team at football games, and, of course, to Joseph himself. He had no reason to believe that cruelty hadn’t extended to his girlfriend.
“I wish I could have been the one to...” She trailed off, not wanting to confess that she had spent much of her time as a bird plotting her revenge. “Can you teach me?”
He shook his head. “It’s not something that can be learned. And I don’t even know what I’m doing myself.”
Her face turned suddenly panicky. “What do I tell my parents?”
He hadn’t thought that far ahead. “I don’t know. Tell them you had to hide from Zach. But now that he’s gone, it’s safe for you to come back.” Joseph shrugged. “It’s true enough.”
She nodded. “Thanks, Joseph.” Her voice was hoarse either from long disuse or from the overwhelming emotions of her return.
He said goodbye to Mrs. Coronus on his way out. He imagined how she would react to finding her daughter alive and unharmed. He looked at his feet as he left to hide his smile, for the first time in a while feeling free.
Chapter 31

Joseph came to my office one last time after trial.
“Congratulations,” I said as I welcomed him into my office. “I usually tell my criminal clients who are acquitted that they are free men now, but I guess that’s not as true with you, is it?”
Joseph raised his eyebrows. “It’s done, Maddy.”
I couldn’t process his news immediately. “Joseph,” I said thickly. “What are you telling me?”
He quirked his lips, trying to convey meaning I didn’t want to understand. “Zach, of course,” he said finally.
“What did you do?” I asked breathlessly. But then I quickly thought better of it. “No, don’t tell me. I don’t want to know.” I threw my hands over my ears stubbornly.
But he was insistent. “I have to tell someone. And I know I can tell you. I know you can’t tell anyone. Not my parents. Not Zach’s parents. Not the police. If I can’t trust my lawyer, who can I trust?”
I felt sick to my stomach. “Please. I don’t want to know,” I whispered.
He didn’t listen and told me what happened. What he had done. Everything. What had happened to Hazel and how he had brought her back. I had heard it on the news the day before. They are calling it a miracle that she had escaped from wherever she had been held. She had just appeared on the doorstep and knocked on her own door. She had denied running away but wouldn’t say anything about the people who had grabbed her.
He told me what he did to Zach. That was on the news too. It was strange and dangerous times in this quiet, Houston suburb. People disappearing and reappearing. Friends assaulting friends.
Maybe I would have thought Zach’s fate was ironic if I didn’t find the whole thing to be so gruesome. I’d never look at my cat’s gifts to me in the same way again.
“What happened to the ring?”
“Ah, that,” he said an opened his hand. It was such a little thing to have caused so much trouble.
“Joseph,” I said in a gasp. “You know better than to keep souvenirs from a murder. When the cops go looking for Zach, they’ll come to you. If they search your house, they’ll find the ring. They know it’s Zach’s, and they won’t need a body to prosecute you. They’ll have a motive and evidence. Not to mention your rap sheet.”
Joseph held the ring out and studied it closing as though examining the crude craftsmanship. The brass shone in the fluorescent light as he rolled it between his fingers. He held it up to his face and blew. It turned into so many motes of brass-colored dust that settled down to my desk. He swept them into his hand and tossed them into my trash can.
“What ring?”

For nostalgia’s or irony’s sake, Bran, Whitney, and I decide to celebrate our victory at Hooters. Whitney was a bit confused by my choice of restaurant but didn’t object. “Maybe I’ll finally get a chance to see if my virility is still intact after Isla.” He even wagged his eyebrows as he said it.
Bran and I sat next to each other at our booth drinking way too early for a Monday while we watched Whitney flirt shamelessly with the waitresses.
“They probably get that all the time and hate it,” I mused out loud to Bran.
He dismissed my concern with a careless wave of his hand. “They knew what they were getting into when they got jobs here. And they do know how to handle themselves. But Whitney should try talking to that one over there.” He nodded to a brunette with pale freckles bussing a table across the dining room. “She’s looking for something. She knows it’s a bad idea to hook up with patrons, but,” he squinted as he considered her. “Maybe she’s getting over a bad breakup. Or a good, necessary break up from a bad guy and is looking for someone better.”
I stared at him in awe. “How can you know all that?”
He nudged me playfully. “After all you’ve been through, you still don’t believe in magic?”
“No, I do,” I protested. “I just don’t understand the specifics. How can you know about her ex-boyfriend?”
He shrugged. “How do you know how a potential juror feels in voir dire? How do you know how they’ll react to your evidence? Observation, experience, and guess work.”
“I’d like to think my job amounts to more than guess work,” I said with a haughty sneer.
He smirked. “I’m sure many professionals would like to think that, but that fact remains that we know much less about our world than we think we do.”
I frowned and turned back to my drink. “When did you become so philosophical?”
He shrugged. “I guess Hooters brings it out in me.”
I rolled my eyes at him. I turned to my bag. I had brought with me a stack of messages and mail so I could feel like I was at least doing something like work while day drinking at Hooters. A call from another lawyer asking to reschedule a mediation, a few flier about upcoming continuing education courses, a message from Holly—of course we were friends again—asking to reschedule lunch, and an unopened letter from someone I never wanted to hear from again.
Feeling the dread the name on return address inspired in me, Bran turned to me like I had screamed and grabbed me by the arm. “What’s wrong?” That would take some getting used to, him practically being able to read my mind. He glanced down at the envelope. “Who’s Carl Albrecht?”
“He’s...” I didn’t know how to describe him. “Bran, have you heard of an organization called OUR OWN? I think it stands for something like yadda yadda, Ways of Nature.”
He shook his head and frowned. “They sound like one of those hate groups hiding under an innocuous sounding name.”
“So you have heard of them,” I said dryly.
“What do they want with you?”
I swallowed nervously. “They wanted me to stop representing Joseph. They said good people like me shouldn’t mix with people like him. That it was against the natural way. I didn’t know if he was racist, anti-Semitic, or anti-fairies. Are there anti-fairy groups? Are there even enough people who believe you exist?”
Bran finished his beer, avoiding the question. He set down the empty glass and wiped his mouth. “Why don’t you open up that letter and we’ll see?”
I did. I ripped open the envelope and pulled out a flimsy piece of paper. It was a page torn out of a Disney coloring book. A picture of the genie from Aladdin looking exuberant, showing all the joyfulness Robin Williams had voiced him with. I recognized the image from a scene at the end of the movie when he had just been freed. It looked like it had been colored in by his kid who had just learned to stay within the lines. And someone had scribbled a noose around the genie’s neck and scrawled a note urging me to consider his offer. I gasped and set it down.
Bran picked it up and read it. “What was his offer?”
“He’s pay me to stop representing Joseph or threated that if I didn’t he would break my kneecaps or something. But since Joseph’s case is over, I think it’s just an offer to break my kneecaps.”
At that moment, having struck out with one of the waitresses he’d been talking to, Whitney rejoined us. “Who’s going to break your kneecaps?”
I told him about Albrecht and showed him the letter. He hissed his disapproval.
“I take it you haven’t gotten anything like this?”
He shook his head.
“Okay, so what do we do?” I asked.
Whitney shrugged. “You scared?”
I shook my head with a little too much enthusiasm. The lady doth protest too much and all.
Whitney turned to Bran. “Is she?”
He smiled apologetically at me. “A little.”
“Did you tell the police?”
I nodded. “That was about as helpful as you would imagine. I’ll tell them about this too. I’ll leave out the part about him being a genie. Spin it as he’s Arab like Aladdin is Arab...” I trailed off, realizing how ridiculous it sounded. I doubted the police would take it seriously anyway. After all, they hadn’t done anything the first time I’d told them about Carl’s threats. And law enforcement officers aren’t known to be the biggest fans of defense attorneys.
“What do we do?” I asked again.
Whitney shrugged again and took a long sip of his beer. “We print out cards with our names and the winged heart. Advertise that we’re friendly to fairies. Most fairies,” he said, checking himself. “I don’t want another run in with a baobhan sith if I can help it. We set up shop. What do you think, partner?”
I considered it for a moment then stuck out my hand. “All right, partner.”
Whitney shook it and raised his glass. “Then here’s to Applebaum and Sands, attorneys at law, champions to the magically inclined.”
I wrinkled my nose. “You mean ‘Sands and Applebaum,’ right?”

Back in my office, I stuck Albrecht’s drawing in his folder and threw it on my desk. I took a deep breath to calm my nerves and thought about my next move. Should I tell the police? Should I hire a body guard? Something more than just Gabby with her gun.
I was sitting there day dreaming when Gabby told me Isla was on the line.
I picked up the phone with Albrecht still on my mind. “Um, hi,” I stammered. “What can I do for you?”
“I just wanted to check up on you,” she said lightly.
“What do you mean?” I asked nervously.
“I mean, how is it going with your little genie problem?”
I figured this question meant she hadn’t heard the news about Joseph’s acquittal, the victim’s subsequent disappearance, and Hazel’s reappearance. To be fair, Hazel’s return didn’t make the news in the same way that her disappearance had. Everyone loves to feel scared and saddened by news with horrific details, but happy endings didn’t get as much coverage in real life. Or maybe Isla hadn’t put it all together. It wasn’t exactly obvious that the acquitted kid had been my client the genie or that the disappeared kid had been his master.
Or maybe this call was just a reminder of the menace that she posed.
My eyes wandered to Albrecht’s folder. “Yeah, I’ve still got a problem,” I blurted out.
“You want some help with that?” she asked suggestively.
“What’s in it for you?” I doubted this help would come from the goodness of Isla’s heart.
“Come on now, Maddy. Don’t be so difficult. Whitney told you what I’m all about. Might as well get the ones causing us trouble instead of your poor old law partner. How is he, by the way?”
I looked at Albrecht’s address on his client intake form. I didn’t think that he had taken many efforts to hide himself from me. He’d used the same address there as he did for the return address on the thread he’d mailed me. It would be so easy to read it out to her and let her take care of this problem doing whatever it was that she did. If Albrecht and OUR OWN were any real threat, not just to me but to Isla, Bran, Joseph, and every other fairy out there, why not let her know? Wouldn’t I be doing the right thing by warning her?
I told myself I was looking out for her wellbeing as I read his address to her. 
“Thank you,” she said with a sweet lilt in her voice.
I hung up the phone wordlessly.

####

Thanks for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please leave me a review.

Thanks to my husband for his support and T.R. for her encouragement.

Special thanks to my kids for their help with my cover.
