
A locker slammed behind me, and I knew who it was before I even turned around. "Hello, Holly."  "Hello, Mackenzie." Holly replied, and I turned around. "What do you want?" I sighed. Holly just grinned, and opened my locker. "Hum, backpack, markers, books, oh, what's this?" She held up a picture of me as a baby. I snatched it back from her and slammed my locker. "Mackenzie Eversworth, we all worry about you, might need to stick you in a home." She smiled and showed her teeth.
I spent the rest of the day in severe boredom. In English, we were assigned a book report on Frankenstein, and in math four sheets of formulas. "Hey!" My best friend, Olivia, exclaimed. We had just boarded the afternoon bus, and were on our way to the street where I lived. "Hey!" I said, and scooted over to make a seat for her. "So, I saw Holly with you today. What's she said this time?" "She took my photo." I murmured. Oliva gasped.
"She said I was insane and needed to go to a home." Olivia's face turned red. "I could say a lot of things about that girl, but I won’t.” "Oliva, it's okay. It's not like I care." I flipped my reddish-brownish hair over my shoulder, my violet eyes flicking back and forth nervously. "Stop it! You're freaking me out!" Olivia teased; her regular brown eyes flicked my way.
 "It's like you're a woodland fairy, separated from your mother at birth, and dumped with a human foster mother!" Olivia smiled. That kind of hit me, I mean, I knew I was adopted, I knew my real last name was Eversworth, that's why I kept it. But I knew nothing of my real family. My mother and father's names, if I had any siblings, where they were, all I knew was that my parents were dead. 
Suddenly, I snapped back into reality. "Hey, Max, what's that?" Olivia pointed to a dark shape in the woods. My eyes widened. "A wolf. A black Alpha it looks like." The Alpha howled, and stared at me. His eyes were a brilliant green with gold flecks. Then, he suddenly disappeared. "Hey, where'd he go?" Olivia wandered. I shrugged. "I dunno, caught a scent?" I replied.
"Stop 491 Verlance Street! This is the last call!" The bus driver yelled. I quickly grabbed my stuff and gave Olivia a hug. "See yah Monday." I said, and left the bus.
I walked into my house, dropped my bag, and picked up the note on the counter. 
Dear Mackenzie,
We're out with friends, we'll be gone until midnight. There's the ingredients to make spaghetti in the fridge.
Love you, Mom and Dad
Great. They're out again. I mean, I love my "parents", but can they at least make an effort to make dinner, and come see their only child? Sometimes I wonder why adults chose to have kids if they're not even going to be home most of the time. I sighed and pulled out the noodles, tomatoes, an onion, and two good-sized pots.
An hour later I was sitting at the dining room table alone eating my spaghetti. I was slurping the noodles slowly, when my phone beeped. It was Olivia. What’s up, bored? I am, can I come over? I texted back Sure, come on over. M & D aren’t home at dinner. I sent it. Five minutes later, my phone beeped again. Again? Are they ever home? I'm at the door. I didn’t wanna ring the bell. I jumped up and opened the door.
Olivia was standing there, shivering. "Oh my god it is freezing out there." Olivia said. I just smiled and let her in.
“You want some spaghetti?” I asked her, already scurrying to get a bowl. “Yes! And some hot chocolate!” She exclaimed. I smiled and poured her a heaping pile of steaming spaghetti and some hot chocolate in a Winnie The Pooh cup. She laughed and brought the cup to her lips. “You make the best food, Max. You should open an restaurant!” I sighed. This conversation came up a lot whenever she came into my house.

“You know I can only cook seemingly decent because I always half to cook, and I have to eat it. Besides, I don’t have the money to build a restaurant.” Olivia just shook her head, knowing I wouldn’t give in. “I have to go home. Mom said to eat dinner and go.” She smiled apologetically, and stood up. I let her out and locked the door behind her. I started to clean up. I gathered the bowls and washed the cups.

I had been cleaning for a while when I heard a low growl. I ignored it and kept loading the dishwasher. Then a whimper and scratching came from the front door. I dropped the dish I was rinsing and opened the front door.
On the doorstep lay the black alpha Olivia and I had seen in the afternoon. His left back leg was bleeding, and his front right paw was turned in an awkward position. His eyes pleaded for help. I had always been told as a child to fear the wolves that inhabited Crystal Falls. But I saw a flicker of understanding in the wolf’s eyes, and gave in.

I picked him up, wincing at the dead weight of his body. I carried him up to my bedroom, and gently laid him on my bed. I quickly assessed the damage. Last year we were required to take a First Aid class. But the problem was, I had no idea how to treat a wild animal. I ran downstairs and snatched the First Aid kit hidden in the silverware drawer.

I ran back upstairs and into my room. The wolf took a weak effort to lift his head and look at me. I sat down next to him and stroked his head. He looked up at me, his brilliant gold-flecked green eyes bored into me. I looked away and continued bandaging his leg. 

Thirty minutes later, I had abandoned the wolf on my bed and gotten ready to go to sleep. I paused when I went to change. The wolf doesn’t care, does he? No of course not. I went ahead and changed, feeling shy in front of the wolf.

I suddenly heard the front door slam and a parade of voices whispered. They couldn’t be home already, could they? I stole a look at my clock. It was two o’clock in the morning. I sighed, knowing they would check in my room. I carried the sleeping wolf into my closet, making a bundle of clothes for him to sleep on. I closed the closet door just in case he got out, and dove into my bed, with the fluffy comfort of the pillows, I fell asleep.








Chapter 2
                                     Sam’s POV


I watched her shut the closet door through a crack of my eyelid. In seconds, I was emerged in total darkness. I waited until I heard her breathing slow, and shifted. I winced but didn’t make a sound as my bones cracked into place one by one. As an alpha, shifting on the demand was one of the powers only I posses. But if I had an alpha female, would have the same abilities as I. My father urged me to pick from the prettiest of the females in our pack, but I hadn’t liked any of them. They were to obsessed with their beauty and so full of themselves I steered clear. 

A sudden idea popped in my head. The wolf in my head screamed to bite her. I pushed that out of my head. I didn’t want to ruin her life. The life of a werewolf isn’t pleasant. Besides, she could be a Possible. Those are rare, since the families change most when they’re young. I twisted the door nob gently, as though not to wake her. My wolf took over, and ordered my body to shift. I fought against it, but fighting against your mind isn’t easy. My bones cracked into place, and in minutes I was a black alpha. My wolf brain commanded me to bite her. Once again I fought, but once again my brain won. I bounded up, and sunk my teeth into the area between her shoulder and her neck. 

Of course, she didn’t feel any pain. That place is exactly where if you’re born a werewolf, the shift sac is placed. Doctors can’t detect it, and it’s numbed until it’s active (when someone is bitten) so you don’t feel it. I released my teeth and bounded back into the closet. Shifting as I entered, I silently shut the door behind me, shifted back again, and fell asleep, cradled by her sweaters and blankets.

Mackenzie’s POV (Regular POV)

               
My eyes flew open as the familiar chime of my alarm clock sounded. Then I remembered, it was Saturday. I dove back into my bed, beginning to fall asleep again. A faint scratching erupted from my closet door. I jumped out of bed, and slowly opened the closet door.

Nothing had been disturbed during the night, except the bundle of clothes I had made for the wolf. They were twisted and rolled, as though the wolf had thrashed around. I shook my head. Wolves don’t have bad dreams; you’re going insane Ms. Max. The wolf sat on my feet and stared up at me.

“Oh, don’t tell me you want food!” I exclaimed. The wolf seemed to smile. “I’ll go check if they’re downstairs, if not I’ll bring you down there.” I shut my bedroom door behind me and trudged downstairs. I found a note wedged under the microwave. 

Mackenzie,

We’ll be on a business trip for a couple of weeks. There’s a ton of money inside the fridge in the vegetable cabinet for groceries and anything else you need. Call us tonight.

Love,

Mom and Dad

I sighed. I had expected this. At least the wolf could stay here while he heals. I opened the fridge to find how much they had left me. Inside the vegetable drawer, there was $2,000. I happily squealed. At least they had left me enough this time. Last time they only left me a hundred dollars for three days. I had to use my own money. I ran upstairs and let the wolf out, and showed him the note and the money. He seemed to grin. I’m going insane, wolves can’t read. I jumped for joy anyway and ran downstairs to call Olivia.

“Come over!” I yelled into the phone as she picked up. “Wha?” She groggily answered; I must have woken her up. Then, I remembered about the wolf and hung up. “Well, how’s your paw?” I asked. Suddenly, I doubled over in pain. The area between my neck and my shoulder had a bite mark around it. I winced and my stomach gurgled and ordered me to the bathroom.

I ran upstairs and kneeled in front of the toilet. I felt sick and emptied my stomach into the bowl, the vomit a red color, like blood. I convinced myself it was just spaghetti sauce from last night and turned to see the wolf staring at me in the doorway. His brilliant eyes bore through me, and he came and lay down in my lap, supporting me from vomiting on my clothes. 

Understanding shone in his eyes. I rubbed him and nuzzled him with my chin. “Well boy, you’re going to help me to bed. Stupid stomach bug.” I grunted as he helped me to my bed. I flung onto it, and reached for the trashcan. I once again heaved the contents of my stomach into the purple bucket. The red liquid and chunks of something red swirled in the bucket. 

I grimaced and set the bucket on the floor and settled into bed, still in my pajamas. The wolf leapt up onto the bed, and laid next to me. I was going to push him off, but didn’t really want to get up. So tame for a wild animal, wow I really am crazy.
Sam’s POV

I watched in horror as she heaved her stomach into her trashcan, literally. If you’re a potential, once you’re bitten you stomach modifies, and all of your bones move around. Usually you stay a wolf straight for a week at the most. Then you can shift on demand if you’re an alpha or an alpha female, or you just shift when you can’t control it. When you shift on demand, you have full control. But when you shift uncontrollably, you don’t have any control. One-week straight every full moon we have to be wolves, you can’t fight it. You still have some of your thoughts, but you think, feel, and act like a wolf.

Everyone’s wolf is different. Alpha males and females tend to be odder colors, such as my sleek black coat or my father’s chocolate brown. Usually your coat goes with your eyes. My eyes are green and gold, and black goes well with that. My father’s are melted chocolate brown. The more unusual the color of your eyes, the more unusual your wolf is. For instance my beta Josh’s wolf it grey since he has just regular blue eyes. 

I had absolutely no idea what Mackenzie’s wolf would be, since her highly unusual violet eyes. Those eyes seemed to x-ray you, the high voltage freezing you, scaring you out of your wits. You’re either deadly afraid of them, or mesmerized by them. I was a little bit of both.

My thoughts slimmed as my eye lids slowly closed.







Chapter 3
Mackenzie’s POV

I woke up the next morning sore from staying in the same position all night. The wolf still slept beside me, his breathing heavy and paced. I slowly slid out of bed, and hit the floor with a loud THUMP! The wolf jolted awake and turned to see me groaning on the floor. As I slowly got up, I grabbed the trashcan in threw up more of the so-called “spaghetti”. I didn’t even think I ate that much.

I crawled down the stairs, because standing up upset my stomach. When I reached the kitchen, I skillfully twisted open the end of the bread and eased out the last piece, I would have to go shopping today. I popped it in the toaster just as the wolf crept into the room, and nudged the fridge.

I remembered that he was probably hungry, and opened it for him to scrounge for what he wanted. He finally settled on left over spaghetti from last night. A strange choice for a wolf, but I put it on a dish and set it on the floor anyway. My toast sprung out of the toaster, and I carefully lifted it as not to burn myself, and sat down at the table. It was 3 o’clock in the afternoon, and I was eating toast.

An hour later I sat on my bed, pondering on what to wear. My wolf (wow, possessive thoughts much?) sat next to me, his head cocked to the left as though he was thinking about something. I finally decided on a purple tank top, a black cardigan, skinny jeans, and purple converse. I put on the clothes and remembered another problem. What should I do with the wolf? 

I couldn’t leave him in my house, I couldn’t take him with me, and I couldn’t let him go into the woods until he was healed. I finally decided to lock him in my bathroom, and leave it. I carried him upstairs, him reluctant to be left behind, and me determined to get him in the bathroom. I finally closed the door behind him, and sighed a sigh of relief. 


Sam’s POV

I heard her sigh as she locked the house and left on her bike. I waited until the familiar clicking of the pedals subsided and shifted. I unlocked the door, and snuck into her parent’s room to borrow some of her father’s clothes. I couldn’t leave her alone; she would shift exactly after she left the grocery store. It was a pity to lose the groceries, but I had to pretend to be a customer and follow her.

I locked the door behind me and borrowed her father’s bike, and followed her trail of bike oil to the grocery store. I reached it about five minutes after she did. I entered the store casually, and picked up a few items, such as an apple, milk, eggs, things most people would make a trip to the grocery store for. I finally spotted her ordering the meat butcher which cutlet to give her. She wanted the second one in line, but the butcher wanted to be lazy and give her the first one, which was obviously rotten.

He finally gave in and handed her the cutlet, and she smiled triumphantly. She moved on to the cashier, and I casually abandoned my cart, and moved out the door. Once I reached the edge of the woods I shifted, leaving behind her father’s clothes. I watched her pay the cashier and exit the store. When she reached her bike, she dropped the groceries. She screamed in pain, and doubled over. I was lucky she was behind the building, out of the sight of humans. 

Fur began to creep up her hands, claws erupting from her fingernails. A tail grew from her lower back, and her legs and arms molded until they became the legs of a wolf. Her skull shrunk and her nose lengthened. I noticed the fur that now covered her was pure white, and froze. There had never been a pure white wolf in the history of werewolves. Sure, there were some dusty white and some grey, but never pure white. She finally shrunk, leaving her own clothes behind.

Mackenzie’s POV

I opened my eyes to a whole new world. I knew nothing of what had just happened, and was highly confused. It had hurt so much, why me? I turned to see my wolf staring at me. Wait, I closed the door! He must be a werewolf, how could I not have noticed it? The bite, the tameness, the human characteristics. If that made him one, then I was one too! He ran towards me, and nudged me. 

In my human brain, I had no idea what he meant. But my wolf brain knew exactly what he was saying. A picture formed in my head of myself standing there. A pure white wolf with violet eyes. Yup, that was me. I guess wolves connect with images.

I showed him an image of me closing the door. He nodded, and sent me one of him shifting, and following me here. I growled, and he stepped back and bowed his head. I guess that meant he forfeited. I smiled (can wolves smile?) and ran into the woods. The running became a chasing game. He tried to catch me, but slowed when he saw how I wasn’t going to slow down. 

I kept running, the wind blowing across my fur (man, that sounds weird doesn’t it?). I halted when I came to a clearing holding a few dozen wolves. The wolf caught up to me, and showed me and showed me an image of his name, Sam. He shifted back, his bones lengthening and breaking into place. I turned when I saw he was naked. He just smirked and went behind a tree where his clothes were (well, really my dad’s but oh well); he must have carried them in his mouth. In a couple of minutes, he came back and beckoned me to follow him into the clearing.

I whimpered and tried to run away, but he grabbed the scruff of my neck and led me to the clearing. I noticed all the wolves had shifted back. An older man sat on a rock, the resemblance to Sam inevitable. “Sam, I see you have brought a new member. Welcome to the pack.” Sam turned to him. “Father, this is Mackenzie. I bit her last night. She helped heal me, but my wolf took over and I had to.” Sam turned away, ashamed. 

“Well Sam, you can’t control him, so I will forgive you. But next time try and refrain from infecting others. I’m sorry to say we can’t exactly talk to her.” Sam’s father fairly answered. “I don’t know, maybe we can. Mackenzie, can you try to shift back? You should probably go behind a tree. Shela, can you get her some clothes?” Sam ordered. I slowly slinked behind a tree and ordered myself to be a human. Human, human, human, I chanted in my head. I felt myself cock places, move places, and shift.

Shela appeared with clothes and gasped, she obviously thought I couldn’t do it. She dropped the clothes and ran back to Sam’s father. “She shifted! She shifted!” She screamed. I quickly fumbled the clothes on before I had 3 dozen eyes staring at me. I had just finished when Sam ran over, the whole pack following, and gasped.

One green-eyed blonde girl turned to me and whispered, “The alpha’s mate.”


Chapter 3
Sam’s POV

Cecelia closed her mouth, and looked up at me guiltily. I glared back. She shied away and continued starring at Max, obviously making her uncomfortable. “Everyone stand back.” I ordered. My pack knew not to mess with me when I gave orders. I nodded to Josh, who then rounded them up and took them to back to the clearing. Once they were all gone, I sat down next to Max.

“Hey.” She whispered. Tears were beginning to form in her eyes as she began to realize her situation. “Hey. How are you?” I asked slowly, as if coaxing a donkey to take the carrot. “What do you think? I’ve just been stared at, yelled at, and realized my life was a lie and I’m a werewolf.” She snapped. Now the tears were free falling down her pale face. 

“Well, you know, I was in exactly the opposite situation as you when I was bitten. I had been raised all my life to believe I was the best, and I would be the alpha someday. I was expected to be a great leader. People payed to much attention to me, wouldn’t leave me alone. Once day I just crept away. They searched for me for days until they found me, sleeping in some guys garden shed. Now they leave me alone. You have to prove yourself, show that you’re not one to be messed with. So go out here and challenge me Beta Josh to fight you. Then if you win, you’ll fight me. Then you’ll get some respect. But don’t expect me to go easy on you.” I smirked.

A small smile erupted on her face, and she hugged me. I just stood frozen, then gave in and hugged her back. “You know you’re great at pep talks.” She laughed into my sleeve. I smiled and pushed her to go to fight my beta.

Mackenzie’s POV

I ordered my body to shift after Sam’s pep talk. White fur burst from my hands, and I shrunk until the clothes I had borrowed were a puddle on the ground. I looked up through my violet eyes. The pain wasn’t as unbearable as before. Maybe the more you shift, the less it hurts. I shrugged in my mind, and crept out to the clearing.

The pack was sitting in a horseshoe around the rocks, listening to Sam’s father and Josh speak. I howled to get his attention. Josh looked at me and grinned. “I was wondering when I’d get to challenge you.” He grinned. He lunged and he shifted in the air. I guess when you’re challenged you can shift too. 

He circled me, and I focused on his moves. He resembled the movement of a newborn foal, struggling to find his knees. He moved with confidence, an emotion to my advantage. As full of himself as he was, he would make a quick mistake. I mirrored his emotions. Oh how beautiful am I? You have no chance. I showed in my body language. I saw Josh fall for the trick. He thought I would make a mistake.

Some of the male wolves stared at me, while their mates looked at me in disgust. Josh snapped at my hind leg. I faked that he had gotten me and whimpered. He fell for the weak act, and pounced, thinking his prey had fallen. But I faked to the side, and attacked him from the behind. I ripped open a gash on his rear end, and another on his shoulder. I ripped his ear, and stood over him as he fell. He shifted. “I forfeit.” He pleaded. I stepped back and allowed him to shamelessly put on some clothes. I knew I now had to challenge the alpha.


Sam’s POV

I growled and snapped at some of the male wolves as I made my entrance. Mackenzie’s wolf was pure beauty. Muscles ripped as she moved, not bulky, but her movements as liquid and smooth as water. She knew Josh’s act, so I tried to mask my confidence. I had never been beaten by any pack member, even my father. She circled me, waiting for me to make the first move. So be it.

I lunged, and at the last moment she flipped around, and sunk her teeth into my shoulder. I howled in pain. As I crinkled to the ground, she bit into the scruff of my neck. I howled again, and shifted back. “I forfeit.” I whispered shamefully. I had never been beaten, and the fight had lasted seconds.

The pack gasped. By code, if the alpha was beaten, the whole pack together must fight the victor. If he/she was beaten, she was ranked up by one level. The levels are Omega, Regular, Beta’s mate, Beta, Alpha’s mate, and Alpha. If he/she won, she/he became the second Alpha. 


As if on cue, my father Ramon filled her in, and the charge began. All the pack members (including my father) shifted, and lined up in a single file horizontal line facing Mackenzie. We charged.

Mackenzie’s POV

They all flung themselves at me. I darted to the side; the mass of multi-colored fur fell to the ground. Around half stayed there; they had been piled on top of, and were knocked out. Who remained were Lila (Alex’s Mate), Shela, Sam, Ramon, and Alex (a Regular). They circled me and attacked from all sides. 
I bit the scruff of Alex’s neck and clawed at Ramon’s eye. Both yelped and ran from the fight. Lila rushed to help her mate, hobbling after him. A sharp pain coursed through me as Sam bit my hind leg. I blindly turned around and attacked Sam, while somehow clawing Shela’s nuzzle at the same time.

Both surrendered, showing their bellies. I stopped, and they stood up and bowed. The rest of the wolves who could move did the same. And in a few minutes I was surrounded by wolves, bowing. One by one, they straightened and howled. I joined them. Our voices united and slithered through the woods, as a snake would squirm through a hole. 


Five minutes later, the howls died. We all shifted, struggling to put on our clothes. Ramon and Sam sat up on the rock, and beckoned me to join them. “We have a new Alpha.” Ramon boomed, the crowd fell silent. “The prophecy has been claimed.” As if on queue, the pack recited the phrase. “A wolf as white as snow shall come. She shall have the strength of forty wolves combined, and be constructed of pure beauty. She will have the ability to save the Lupine race, a savior in it’s own.”












Chapter 4
Sam’s POV

I shifted back and ran over to my mate. Her mouth was open, and she slowly shifted back to a human. In seconds she was lying naked and the forest floor. Maybe a trait of the prophecy was quick shifting? I didn’t know. I turned back to realize that she had fallen asleep. I ran to get a blanket from my father and wrapped the orange fleece around her. Her red and brown naturally streaked hair spilled out as I gently picked her up. 

We reached the cottage, more an abandoned hotel that my father had bought, along with the several acres of land. I carried her up the stairs and picked the room next to my own, and laid her down on the bed. It was the 4rd floor, for the alpha, the alpha’s family, and his mate. The 3rd floor was for Josh and his family, and the 2nd floor was for the Regulars and Omegas. The ground floor had meeting rooms, a kitchen, a dining room, and rec room. 

I called for Lila to get Max some nightclothes and she soon returned. I left while she gently dressed her and left down to Alex on the 2nd floor. I picked her up and tucked her under the faded red covers. I sadly smiled at the sight of her hugging to pillow. I closed the door quietly as I left to my own room.

Mackenzie’s POV

I woke to a blinding light shining through the huge window. The last thing I remembered was shifting and falling asleep. Sam must have carried me here. I got out of the bed to see my clothes folded neatly at the edge of my bed. I thought I had lost my favorite purple converse. I slid my hand down the scratched handrail as I reached the first floor. 

I entered the dining room by sure luck. The pack sat beside little plastic tables, eating. When I came in, they all looked up and stared. They looked back at their plates and continued talking when Ramon came in from the kitchen. “Hey Mackenzie. You eat what you cook, so get in there!” He playfully pushed me into the kitchen. 

It was huge. Three fridges bordered the walls while several stoves and ovens surrounded the room, ending with a gigantic sink. “Werewolves eat a lot, huh?” A voice whispered behind me. I whirled around to see Sam smirking behind me. “Well I’m starving!” I giggled. Sam just smiled and handed me a heaping plate of bacon, eggs, and toast. “Thank you!” I excitedly yelled, and ran to go stuff my face with food.

I trudged up the stairs thirty minutes later, groaning about my overstuffed stomach. I opened the door to my room and saw for the first time that there was a bathroom attached. I snatched the toiletries lying on the dresser and got to work.

Forty-five minutes later I was resting on my bed. I had taken a shower, scrubbed my teeth, combed out my hair and braided it, and washed my face. I felt nice and clean, and would’ve fallen asleep if it weren’t for the fact that Sam burst through the door. “Hey Max, we got to talk.” He said seriously. He sat down on the bed, the springs bouncing up and down.

“You must be wondering about when you can go back to your adoptive family, well you can’t. I’m really sorry, but if you accidently shifted, we would be in big trouble. I’ve had Josh go and gather everything you own, while Amelia tries to change your parents’ flights so they stay longer. I’m really sorry, there’s no other way.” I opened my mouth to speak, but slowly closed it, knowing Sam was hiding something from me. “You’re hiding something.” I calmly whispered. He sighed. “I haven’t really told you everything about us. Well, you know most of the stories are fake, we can’t only be killed by silver, silver does burn us, but it won’t kill you. Well, there is one that’s true...” He trailed off, tangling his fingers in his brunette and constantly messy hair.

“At full moon, we uncontrollably shift for a whole week. And well, you act like an actual wolf then. You will still have some of you own thoughts, but besides that you will act like a wolf. And well, the full moon is tonight.”

Sam’s POV

I watched her mouth slowly gape open as she realized the dire need of the situation. “So, I have to shift?” She asked, her eyes pleading for me to say no. I nodded my head. “So, do you lock us up or something?” She hopefully asked. Once again I shook my head. Her smile dropped. “We cage up the lower classes, like Betas, Regulars, and Omegas. But Alpha’s, especially you, are too strong. We can easily get out. An out-of-control Alpha is a problem. So they activate the electric fence surrounding the four acres of property and hope for the best.” I winced, waiting for her response.

“So, when do we shift?” She asked. “In two hours.” I had been talking to her for almost an hour, and it was 5 o’clock, 7 is when the sun goes down, so we had to hurry. “Come on, help me cage up everyone.”

I sighed as I closed the last cage, it was my father. Since he was no longer Alpha, he was a Beta. I herded Mackenzie outside as the moon fell. I felt a sudden burst of pain as it turned 7 o’clock. I looked over to Mackenzie. She was half shifted. Black fur burst through my skin and I started losing control. I heaved as the last bone clicked into place and howled.

Mackenzie’s POV

I looked over to Sam as he heaved his body, and howled. I followed. Our voices rang out higher than any other wolf inside. I had fully shifted and my clothes were lying in a puddle on the deck. Sam ran out into the forest, his muscles stretching and he yipped with joy. 

I soon drove myself crazy just sitting there, so I bolted after him. In seconds I had passed him and was happily leaping in the cool night air. Suddenly, a voice inside my brain said, hunt. Strangely, I obeyed this command. This must be the out-of-control thing Sam was talking about. I sent an image to Sam, showing that there was a young buck in the area; he seemed to nod his head and cut sharply to the left. I followed his example and cut to the right.

We crept behind the buck on both sides. I cocked my head, and we sprinted toward him. The buck tried to run, and we chased him for about a mile. Wolves may not be fast, but we have a ton of stamina. Soon, the buck ran out of energy, and slowed. We caught up to him, and I lunged for his neck. 

I heard the sickening “pop” of the buck’s neck as I clamped down. Sam stared hungrily at the deer as he crumpled to the ground. I looked to Sam’s eyes, and realized I had lost him. I knew that he couldn’t help it, but he was now a true wolf. I would soon join him, I already was. I looked sadly as Sam tore open the glassy-eyed buck. I soon gave into my wolf, and joined him. Hot blood stung my mouth as I lost myself to the wolf.

Chapter 5
Sam’s POV

The white wolf next to me growled as I rose from my bed of rotting leaves. She was beautiful, and I knew she was my mate. Her name was, what was her name? I sat there a minute, pondering what her name was. She cocked her head at me and nudged my side. I understood, she wanted to go find the buck that we had killed 4 nights ago and had been eating off of for the past three days. 

She led me through the twist of trees and creeks to the dead corpse of the unfortunate buck. I dived in, the cold meat and blood staining my teeth. She joined me, her long canines ripped through the skin and bone of the buck, she ripped off pieces in one quick motion. 

As my mouth filled with the taste of raw meat, I remembered an important detail. I had to mark the violet-eyed white wolf. I didn’t know why, I just knew I had to do it. I pushed her over, away from the buck. She growled as I sent her an image of the pack marking, a picture of a crescent moon with ivy making the edges of it. 

I also remembered that the member must be marked to officially become a member of the pack. They had to be cut and the tattoo was to be drawn in he/she’s blood. I sent an image of the marking to the white wolf. She nodded to let me know that I had passage to do so. 

I signaled that she should lie down. She obeyed, and I scratched her across her cheek. She did nothing as I scratched the sign deep into her back so it would scar. Once I was done, she stood back up and beckoned for me to follow her to the edge of the woods. I shook my head; somehow I knew we shouldn’t go over there. But after a while, she convinced me to follow her. 

Mackenzie’s POV

The black wolf reluctantly followed me to the edge of the woods. A fence bordered it, the fence bright and humming with activity. I knew it was a trap, I knew if I touched it, it would hurt. I saw a dog-sized hole near the end. I showed the black wolf an image of me crawling through it. He shook his head, and bolted into the woods.

I just shrugged it off and made myself as small as possible as I crawled under the fence. The humming wasn’t there in that spot, so it didn’t hurt. I safely reached the other side and ran, stretching my sore muscles from being so small. I reached another forest and giddily leapt as I saw there was more room to run than my forest. 

I ran for a long time, I ran until the sky dimmed, like someone was turning it down. I halted as a raspy howl rung through the forest. As I turned to meet the sound, a needle was shoved into my back leg, and I tipped over as the needle’s liquid coursed through my veins.


Mystery Person’s POV

The white wolf stumbled and fell into a heap on the ground. I waited for a few minutes to make sure the drug had really knocked her out. I picked her up, man this thing really eats. I carried her about five minutes before I reached the pack clearing. Familiar heads turned as I carried her to by the fire. 

“Wow, you actually did it this time Dylan!” My friend Daxton exclaimed. “Yah Dax, more than you’ve achieved!” I teased. He acted offended as I took my seat next to him and dropped the wolf next to me. I was about to keep talking with Dax, when the Alpha yelled. “Gather!” I rushed to pick up the wolf and join my pack members in a horseshoe around a huge rock. Our Alpha Tyler stood up on it, his chest puffed out. “Well Dylan, you actually did something right. Bring her here.” I obeyed and placed her at his feet. He kneeled down and pulled out a long but very sharp blade and placed it above her back.

“Tyler! Don’t kill her! Mark her, scratch her, scar her, but do not kill her!” A voice boomed. I turned to see Scott, Tyler’s father. “Yes, Father.” Tyler whispered shamefully. Scott turned and shuffled away to his bed near the trees.

The wolf stirred from the sudden commotion. “We will wait until she is human, so we can hear her cries and she can feel the blade of my knife.” Tyler ordered. We rushed to chain her to a tree. We set up a guard schedule for the night, and fell asleep around the campfire. 

Sam’s POV

My tail sunk between my legs when she didn’t come back that night. I missed her, and I was worried if she was okay. I knew I wasn’t supposed to go under the fence, but not why. I’ll wait for a few days, if she doesn’t come back by then, then I’ll look for her. The roof of my mouth smacked against my tongue, as if I was eating peanut butter instead of deer meat. Wait, what’s peanut butter? I just brushed it off and tried to enjoy my meal without thinking of her. Her beautiful purple eyes, her sleek white coat, not a single flaw.

You’re thinking of her again! I scolded myself. But her fur keeps me warm… no! Don’t think about her! I spent the rest of the night wide-awake and trying not to think of the white wolf.


Chapter 6
Mackenzie’s POV

I woke to the heat of a small but scorching fire blistering my skin. I jolted myself up and gasped in wonder as I noticed I had skin, not fur. I was lying naked, chained t a tree, in the middle of the night with a bunch of creepy men. At least everyone, including my unsuccessful guards, were asleep. I knew I was stronger in my wolf form, so I ordered my body to shift. In seconds white fur covered my now smaller but stronger form. I wiggled out of the chains, pleased that they had expected me to wake as a human, and chained me as one. Stupid pack.

I silently crept around the barely breathing bodies of the sleeping men. I kept walking while studying the men. A stick cracked under my weight, causing who I thought was the Alpha, to jolt awake and stare directly at me. I prayed he didn’t see my white fur, but once he got up, it was clear he did. Darn, why did I have to have white fur!

He ran at me, waking the guards by stepping on them. He jumped, and slowly shifted in mid air. Impressive. I looked forward and put all my strength into my legs, pounding on the forest floor. I felt the Alpha catch up to me, but that just made me push harder. I looked up and saw a small plateau. Not the best option, but I could try. I jumped onto the soft grass, and looked harder into the trees surrounding it. Small forms hovered all around the plateau, and I realized they were wolves; I had just walked straight into a trap. 

I halted, and the Alpha jumped on me, pinning me down. I heard his bones crack in the dark, as he shifted. “You will die for this! I do not care what father says, you are a worthless to us!” He yelled as he stabbed the knife laying next to him on the solid ground into back. I screamed, and as I did, I shifted back to human. Interesting, once you are severely injured you forcibly shift back. He yanked out the knife and ran it deeply in a line down my stomach, purposefully scaring me. A cut that deep wouldn’t heal properly, no matter what was done. He ran it sharply from the left side of my nose over it deeply into my nose and across into my cheekbone, and stopped at my left ear. “You will be marked.” He panted.

He made deep cuts all across my hips, legs, feet, shoulder, face, and arms, all would scar. The whole time I bit my tongue until it bled, knowing I could not escape. 

When he lifted the knife to stab my eye, I moved. I rolled the right, shifting as I did so. My muscles strained as I ran as fast as I could, running until I had crawled under the fence and to the Pack House. I shifted as I ran up the stairs to the Alpha floor, also containing the medic. I heard snores as I went, realizing only Alphas must shift for a whole week, the rest maybe only a night and then got out of the cages.

I left a pool of blood behind me as I entered the infirmary. 
The medic jolted from his light sleep, like ice thin enough for a stick’s weight to break. “Oh dear.” The medic whispered when his eyes adjusted to the dark. He hurriedly beckoned to the examining table while flicking on the lights. He seemed decently calmer than a regular doctor, maybe he was just more adjusted to lots of, well, blood.

“I’m sorry, I can only stitch the ones under your foot. The rest are well, really deep and will scar.” I nodded. I knew this would happen. I closed my eyes as he cleaned the blood off my foot and stitched the cuts under it.

Once he was done, he told me to go take a shower and sleep really well. I gladly agreed. 

I stood in the shower letting the scorching water bring some feeling back to my body. The medic had put something on my cuts to make them stop bleeding and scar. After my shower I braved myself in front of the mirror. Cuts covered my body, but most were invisible with clothes on. The one that was visible though, was the worst. An ugly red cut reached over my nose, right under my eye to my right ear. Jagged and inflamed, it was ugly. I stepped away from the mirror and glanced at my old clothes neatly folded on the bed. I wouldn’t need them to look for Sam; he wouldn’t ever let me bring him back while I was human. I shifted while walking down the stairs, the tiny pain and change of sight now familiar. It had been almost 6 days since full moon, Sam would shift tonight.  

I reached the forest in a hurry. Howling as I ran, I looked for Sam. I found him lying behind an oak tree. He yipped joyfully and nudged my side. I sent him an image of me coming back and not being able to find him, hoping he would buy it. 

Sam’s POV

The white wolf came back! I joy fully nipped at her, begging her to play. She groaned when I did, like it hurt her. I didn’t want to hurt her, so I stopped. She motioned for me to follow to a big box. I shook my head no and tried to go back into the woods. A sharp pain coursed through my body as I felt my bones clicking and clacking. My eyesight changed from black and white to color. My skull changed shape and my tail shrunk until I was human, and standing next to me was Mackenzie. “So, temporary wolf brain minimized?” She chuckled. I could only see the shape of her body in the dark.
“C’mon, I have some clothes for us back at the tree.” I followed her to a huge oak tree, and sure enough right under it was a bag of clothes. She pulled the drawstring and handed me a black shirt and khaki shorts. She pulled on skinny jeans and what I think was a green t-shirt. 

We entered the dining room, full with pack members staring as we entered. I noticed they were all staring at Mackenzie, so I looked at her in the light for the first time in a week. Deep cuts covered her body, an exceptionally large one going from her lower back jaggedly up to her right shoulder over our pack mark. But the most jarring of them all was a puffy and inflamed scar reaching from the left side of her nose all the way to her right ear.

“Mackenzie, you were supposed to rest!” The medic yelled, running towards her. That explained why she had winced when I had nudged her. She had taken a shower, and went to find me instead of much needed nursing. “Pack.” I shouted seriously and lowly, a tone my pack knew I used when I wanted to be heard. “We shall tell the story of our birth.” My father ordered. I nodded my head and he rested on a stool in the middle of the room. We all took our seats at the plastic tables and listened to my father begin the story we had all heard countless times.

“This is the story of how Homo-Lupine, or the Lupine race was made. Long ago, a pure gold she wolf lived in harmony with her pack. She was curious of the two-legged creatures, their actions and techniques amazed her. One day a young hunter ventured into the woods, stalking a young doe that had ventured into the deeper depths of the forest. The gold she wolf, named Gaia, was watching the young hunter. She had also been following the same doe, and was intent on having it for her supper.

“When Gaia saw the perfect moment, she leapt. The hunter also seeing the perfect window let his arrow fly. The arrow nearly missed Gaia, but nicked itself in the doe’s chest. The she wolf offered half to the hunter to take back to his family.

“They continued to hunt together, and eventually they fell in love. But Gaia was unhappy, for it was unfair that she could not be forever with her love. An old warlock lived in the village, and was usually consulted to help with sickness and plague. The hunter, named Vishnu, took Gaia to the warlock, un-aware of his temper and cold heart. The warlock agreed to help Gaia; she would be able to be human during only the dark of the night, wolf by the light of the day. 

“Soon Gaia bore three pups. She became obsessed with becoming human during the night, and left her children behind for they had not the powers of their mother. Soon the warlock grew angry of Gaia’s obsession with humanity. He came to Gaia and cursed her. She would live to be a pure wolf for the rest of her life, while her pups would be cursed with her obsession. They would be part human, part wolf. When the three pups had aged, they split up, each going to a different corner of the world and creating their own pack, their children also acquiring the curse. A werewolf must be pure to shift. When they are born, they will not become a full werewolf until bitten.” My father finished. “Alla fine.” The pack chanted, which I translated in Italian to meaning the end.

Mackenzie turned to me and slurred, “É vero per la fine è vicina, il lupo bianco è giunto alla finale a raccolta la gara lupo mannaro per I tempi duri si avvicinano.” The whole pack turned to look at her in awe. She had just said: Tis true for the end is near, the white wolf shall come to the final to rally the werewolf race, for hard times come near.

































Chapter 7
Mackenzie’s POV

The words spilled out of my mouth, like an unsteady bucket of water being tipped. I don’t know Italian, yet I knew exactly what every word had meant. I put my hand over my mouth five seconds too late, the whole pack stared at me.

“She has predicted the future. We must act.” Ramon’s thick voice sliced through the silence like a butcher and a slab of meat, the cuts quick and perfectly straight. Heads nodded in agreement. “We will all have our cuts and bruises cleaned, and straight to bed. No exceptions.” Sam ordered. The pack quickly either hurried off to bed or to the medic. I was left in the room with only Sam in seconds.

“Hey.” I whispered, hanging my head in shame. I knew he would scold me, yell at me, because I had disobeyed orders and gone to save him. Maybe he was angry the electric fence wasn’t working, or that I went under it. “Hey.” He murmured. “Thanks.” He squeezed my hand and climbed the steps to his room. I followed him, the comfort of my bed sounded really nice right now.

I was jerked awake by Shela, when I groaned she grinned. “Get up leader of the world, even you’ve got to eat breakfast. Come on, we have to go shopping today. We werewolves are pigs.” She threw me out of bed and slammed the door behind her, giggling. I rubbed my head and groaned, rising from the dusty carpet. I opened my drawer and pulled out skinny jeans and a black and white zebra striped t-shirt. 

I met Shela downstairs, and noticed that Sam wasn’t there. Shela seemed to read my mind. “Secret mission, Alpha business. They didn’t take you because you looked like you needed the sleep.” She grinned again and I punched her softly in the arm. She faked being hurt, crumpling to the ground. A terrified medic rushed over “What did you do!” He yelled, and as he was about to touch Shela, she popped up and scared him half to death. We both fell to the ground, laughing so hard we were crying.

“Not funny.” He murmured and hurried off, that just made us laugh more.

Amelia cursed as Shela and I burst into laughter trying to tell her about Shela’s act. She was the only one old enough to drive, so we had to bring her. “Let’s go shopping!” Shela screamed. I scowled, I hate clothes shopping. But werewolf grocery store shopping should be fun. 

“So, did you bring a list?” I asked Shela. “Yup. Made one last night.” She replied, swiftly grabbing a cart from the line that stretched all the way to the other side of the market. We entered the market doing the Party Rock Shuffle, Shela doing it while pushing the cart, and Amelia hanging towards the back, ashamed of our behavior. “First, milk.” Amelia hovered over Shela’s shoulder, reading the list. Her and Shela went over and got eight gallons of milk. “Oh my god.” I gasped. They just grinned.

By the time we were finished, our bill had ranked up to $400 and we were pushing four carts. We got quite a few strange looks, but kept walking. “Buying to feed the army?” I looked up to see an abnormally tall guy probably in his 20’s. I instantly recognized his face, the Alpha that had scarred me. “Nice face you know, really brings out your eyes.” He sneered. Now I was mad, really mad. “Oh crap.” Amelia cursed. I felt the alien pain, and knew exactly what she meant. In seconds my clothes were a pool on the concrete, luckily we were in a small town and no one was around. I looked ahead and saw the Alpha grinning. “Let us take this to the forest.” He growled. I noticed it was in a different language, and he could speak it while in wolf form. Shela stepped forward and whispered into my ear, “Wolf tongue. All werewolves understand it automatically after bitten.” Then she stepped behind me and rescued my shoes and clothes, that’s what friends are for. I followed him to a clearing in the forest. 

Sam’s POV

Our strides thumped in harmony as we tracked the Alpha of the rival pack that had hurt Max. I was upset that we had left her behind, but father had said that it was safer for her. We finally reached the point where his scent became human, close to the grocery store where we shop for supplies. “Isn’t this where Max, Shela, and Amelia were going shopping today?” Father whispered in wolf tongue. I nodded, signaling for us to investigate, in human form. Luckily, one of our storehouses was near this area. We have storehouses spread all through out the woods for werewolves/members of our pack that need food, clothing, or shelter. It was just a five-minute walk in human form, and since we were wolf form we reached it in half that time. 

I pulled on a simple black t-shirt and jeans, while my dad donned on a white shirt and khakis, typical. The scent was growing stronger the closer we came to the grocery store, and I saw the pack car parked in the parking lot.

My father tapped me on my shoulder and pointed to a small clearing and put a finger to his mouth as if to tell me to be quiet. In the clearing stood Mackenzie in wolf form, and the Alpha circling her. His fur was a boring grey, signaling to me that he was possibly a Beta, not born into an Alpha family. When an Alpha dies, either a fellow Alpha takes over, or the Beta does. They have been known to deliberately kill Alpha’s to gain power; this is why when choosing a Beta you have to be very careful. I know Josh would never do that, but Tyler (remember, the Alpha’s name was Tyler, in Dylan’s POV) seems like the kind of person who would.

My father beckoned that we should shift. I nodded my head and winced as the familiar cracking of bones erupted. Black fur burst from my skin, my skull lengthened and molded into the head of a wolf. Standing next to me was my father, I was large. Alphas tend to be bigger than regular wolfs. My father is the size of a regular grey wolf, while I’m probably a good half a foot taller than him. Mackenzie is about the same size as me, a little taller though. 

Tyler’s wolf was nothing compared to Mackenzie’s. Her fur was the color of nearly fallen snow before the ground underneath has contaminated it. I could tell Tyler had thought her amazing eyes were contacts, but the thing is, once you shift, everything that’s not your body or your hair, falls out, especially contacts. Now that he was standing inches from her and looking into her eyes, I could tell he was startled. Even I would shy away from her angry gaze, and definitely shy away when she was mad. She can be scary when she’s mad, really scary.

And she was mad. Heat radiated from her, and she took the first move. Pouncing onto the Alpha, she took her claws and raked them across the back of his neck. Tyler shifted back, and stared nervously into her eyes. “Now you will be scarred the way you have scarred me.” She murmured into his ear in wolf tongue, and raked her claws across his face.
Chapter 8
Mackenzie’s POV

I stopped when I reached his eyes. I was so angry I would’ve done it, except I did not want to blind him. Only having to see darkness for the rest of his life, that is a true curse. I continued clawing him until I reached his back. Blood covered his body, yet in his own pride he did not cry out. 

I shifted, and turned to realize Sam was standing right behind me, and I was naked. I brushed off the fact; he had probably seen many naked 15 year olds before. I signaled for him to pass me his knife. He nervously flung the sharply curved blade in my direction, and I grabbed it with my hand. The cold steel bit into my hand, yet I did not care. I raised the knife and inscribed deeply into his back: Contrassegnato lui prevarrà, dal lupo bianco come la neve, I boschi chiedono a lei, ora, per non si tenta di nuovo di usare la forza o in acciaio o maledetto ancora una volta vi sarà.

Tyler’s POV

I am not going to give in, I won’t whimper. I deserve this, scarring the prophesied wolf, wow am I an idiot. She wrote something on my back, using deep curves and twists. It hurt, a lot. I could tell it was something in Italian, from all the randomly strung words. I would have to ask my father who was fluent in it to read it. 

“Now we will be scarred the same.” She whispered in wolf-tongue into my ear, and thrust the knife from the left side of my face, jaggedly up to my right ear. “Leave.” She said in wolf tongue. And believe me, I high-tailed it out of there, shifting as I ran. The familiar and comforting feel of grey fur covering my body, soaking up the blood. I didn’t dare look back, I would find my father and find out what it said.

Mystery Person’s POV

I scowled as my foot made the leaves of the tree rustle. I looked down to the prophesied girl. Her violet eyes showed fierce anger. She screamed something in Italian after the Alpha; but it just made him run faster. Sam ran forward and wrapped her in a blanket and ushered her to where her friends were waiting in the car with her clothes. Wet tears stained his shirt and he whispered orders into her two friends’ ears and ran to meet his father. He used to be my best friend, before he became Alpha and cast me out of the pack.

I could gather that he still hadn’t told her why he had shown up on her doorstep bleeding. I smirked at that thought and waited until the hum of the engine as the pack car left the lot and quietly and slowly crawled down the tree.

Sam’s POV

I needed to talk to her, about her parents. They would be back from their business trip in 2 weeks. It had been lengthened to 4, so we still had time.

I lead my father back to the pack car. “Can we get a ride?” I asked, not an order, a plea. Amelia just nodded and motioned for us to sit at the back of the van. I looked in front of me and noticed Max was crying softly. Shela was sitting next to her and stroking her back, mumbling words into her ear, which she didn’t listen to. When Amelia stopped for gas, Max had fallen asleep. Shela motioned for me to sit her on my lap and be very quiet. I nodded and picked her up and sat her in the seat next to me.

Tyler’s POV

I staggered back to my pack, my feet shuffled across the lonely grass, the little sprouts of green massaging my bare feet. “Alpha!” I turned to see Dylan and Daxton running over to help me back to the camp. “She found me.” I whispered. They just knowingly nodded and led me to the medic. 

My father walked into the room, fuming. His whole face was beetroot red and he was heaving. In minutes, I stood in front of a silvery gray wolf. He was larger than most, and his slightly strange grey eyes looked into my eyes. “Why did you do it,” He whispered in wolf tongue. I just sighed and asked him to tell me what she had written on my back.

He gasped when he read it. “What? Tell me!” I yelled. 
“Marked he shall prevail, from the wolf as white as snow, the woods are calling to her now, for shall you not try again to use force or steel, or cursed again you shall be.” he stuttered. 

“What? Tell me father! What does that mean?” I yelled at him curious yet afraid of what I would here.

My father looked at me guiltily. “She knows.” 



Mackenzie’s POV

I woke with the pillow under my head soaked and my face red. I inspected the room and found it was my own. I could here the pack downstairs rustling around, and looked at my clock and realized it was 6 o’clock. I was confused that they were all up this early, then realized today was the day it was safe to go back to school. Sam had sent a letter to the school concerning “family problems” and we wouldn’t be back until the 15th, which is today. I bunked back into my amazingly comfy bed. I hate Mondays. I finally forced myself to get out of the warm cocoon and take a shower.

I finished my shower and dared to look into the mirror. The cuts were now jagged white scars. The pack marks and scar on my back weren’t visible with a tank top on; the only jarring scar was the one on my face. Jagged and ugly, it reached from the left side of my cheek to my right ear. I applied white make-up and let it be. For my clothes I wore black converse with neon-green laces, black stretchy skinny jeans, and the zebra shirt I wore last week. My hair I pulled into a messy bun.

I met Shela downstairs. “Ready to see Olivia?” Shela inquired. “Not really,” I answered truthfully I hadn’t seen her for two weeks, I was a werewolf, and I wasn’t even living at home.

We drove to school. Everyone piled into the car, Shela, Sam, Josh, Cecilia, Alex, Lila, and me. I was squished between Shela and Lila. I didn’t really know Lila, but she was nice to me so I was nice back. She was pretty and petite with wavy black hair and sapphire eyes. Her mate Alex (a Regular) sat next to her on her other side. He had closely cropped copper hair and blue eyes, and was pretty annoying.

Shela laughed beside me and flicked her light brown hair over her shoulder at something Alex had said. We finally reached school and piled out of the car. I snuck away so I could find Olivia, shoving through cliques and gangs until I reached our tree. Olivia and I always meet at this little Bonsai tree, it’s not very big, about 3 feet, but we meet there every morning. I could tell she was bored, twisting strands of her hair around a pencil and messing with the leaves of the tree. “Hey,” I whispered. She swung around, her eyes lit up with joy. “Max! I’ve been so bored without you! Where were you?” She squealed and treated me to a bone-crushing hug. 

“I had some family problems. Some child services dude found out they were leaving me at home, and they got all caught up in a huge mess. Now we’ve got it all figured out and they’ve left again, so I’m staying at one of my parent’s friend’s house.” I lied. I pointed over to Sam and Shela. “They’re brother and sister. Shela’s really nice. Wanna meet her?” Olivia’s eyes lit up, she loves new people. I steered her through the crowd to where the pack was huddled. “Hi guys, this is Olivia.” She blushed when all the guys shook her hand. 

“Oh look, plastic surgery fail ahead. Come on over Barbie! Let’s see that plastic hair!” Olivia smirked. Holly was fuming. Her perfectly straight beach blond hair, pink skirt, and white spaghetti-strap tank top trembled. “I will get you back Oliva Fermad and Mackenzie Eversworth. You just watch and learn.” She hissed into my ear before cat walking off with her wanna-be friends. Olivia and I looked at each other, and burst out laughing.

At lunch after four boring classes, all us pack girls and Olivia sat at a table together. Shela was picking at her mystery slab of meat, Lila devoured her turkey sandwich, Cecilia looking bored hovered over a textbook, and Olivia and I chatting.

“Oh my gosh! You know Sam, that boy that shook my hand? He’s so hot!” She practically yelled across the whole cafeteria. A couple stared at her, and some guys were snickering. I could see Sam blushing on the other end of the cafeteria. I growled at my plate of food, and wasn’t hungry anymore. Shela looked up from picking at her food and grabbed my shoulders. “It’s okay Max. Seriously, calm down.” She whispered into my ear. I looked down and realized I had stabbed my fork through the table. 

At the perfect timing, Holly and her plastic goons strode over. “Oh, is little Mackenzie mad? Does she love Sam? As you should know, he’s totally mine.” She walked over, grabbed Sam and hugged him, hard. I swear my cheeks turned red. I was heaving and I could feel sharp fangs pierce my tongue. Shela and Lila realized what was happening and tried to calm me down. When that didn’t work, they literally dragged me outside. The whole cafeteria came out of the front door and gasped at the sight of me, hunched over and heaving. I was coughing up blood, my bones were breaking. My eyes pleaded with Shela to get them out of here. She nodded and pushed them out of the door.

I shifted seconds after she closed the door; my clothes left behind, shredded this time because I was so mad. I ran into the comfort of the woods, and watched as the crowd pushed it’s way back outside. I turned away, violet eyes glowing. My strides quickened as I ran into the forest.











Chapter 9
Sam’s POV

Ugh, I can’t believe she even touched me. After Shela and Lila drug her outside, I didn’t even acknowledge Holly and ran outside. She was coughing up blood, hunched over. You could hear her bones cracking. I ran to the right side of the school and shifted. When Shela pushed every one inside, I ran after her, she was fast. I could see Max’s snowy fur through the trees, and I tackled her. A mass of ying-yang fur flew into a huge oak. When we hit it, she growled and swiped at my stomach. I gave her the face, puppy eyes. I actually for once helped I was actually a dog. She looked away and went and laid down on a rock. I crawled over and lay next to her, and whimpered. She looked me in the eyes and set her head on my back.

We lay like that for 15 minutes. Not saying anything. “We really should go. We have a safe house over there.” I whispered in wolf tongue and nodded to a small wooden shack. She bounded towards it and shifted when she opened the door. I waited patiently outside while she changed. She came out in a wolf t-shirt and black Capri pants. The shirt was white with a howling grey wolf in the middle. The sleeves went up to just where her shoulder ended. She motioned for me to go change. “Just had to have it,” she murmured into my ear.

We finally reached school, the towering gates looked upon us with pleasure. “What am I going to say to Olivia?” she asked me. I shrugged. “I dunno. Tell her you were sick.” I offered. She just nodded and went off to find her friends before lunch was over.




Mackenzie’s POV

I rushed through the hallways, my new purple converse squeaked across the newly mopped floor. I stopped when I noticed Shela speaking calmly to Oliva. Lila and Cecilia offered little tidbits to calm her down. She was shaking and crying. Then she just stopped and looked into Shela’s eyes. “Where is she!” She yelled. “Right here,” I replied. She swung around and threw herself into my arms. “I I I thought yo you were dddeadd.” she stuttered. “I know,” I hugged her harder.

Shela winked and left with Cecilia and Lila in tow. “Bbbbbrrrrrriiiiinnnngggggggg!” The bell sounded. I groaned. “Come on, we have to go to class. I have English next, with you.” I murmured, dragging her with me. 

Ugh, I can’t stand when students, even teachers, stare at you. I could see amazement, fear, and admiration. I just smiled weakly and took my seat next to Olivia in the front. “My, my. It’s Ms. Eversworth!” Mr. Davey cried. I chuckled; he has always been my favorite teacher. I was a grammar freak, so he always praised me. “See me after class.” He winked. I smiled. No doubt to beg me for why I was gone for 2 weeks. Darn, I had to lie to him too. Why is everything a lie! I yelled in my mind and kicked the table. The metal snapped and the table crashed. Luckily the teacher’s back was to me, so I only had 18 pairs of eyes staring at me, lovely.

“Oh dear! Mackenzie, please move to another seat. What happened to it?” He screamed at the class. They just froze and stared blankly at Mr. Davey. “It was rusted, so it just broke.” I explained, guilty of lying. “Oh well, I guess that’s okay. Just pick another seat.” He grumbled. I nodded quickly and took a seat closest to Olivia. I didn’t even look at who was sitting next to me. I tensed as long, manicured, pink, and perfectly painted nails scratched across my desk. I glanced over and found it was Holly, great. I put up my hand and broke off one of the nails while she wasn’t looking. Through the rest of the class, I broke off all her fingernails, and she never seemed to notice.

I walked up to Mr. Davey’s desk. “Sit.” He instructed. I obediently sat in the seat he pointed to. “So, where have you been!” he yelled, sounding like a 12 year old girl. “Around and about.” I giggled. He raised an eyebrow. “For 2 weeks? I don’t think so missy.” He playfully scolded. “I’ve had some family problems.” Not entirely a lie, but pretty close to one.

“Ah, I see.” he murmured. “Well, you’re due a 5 page writing assignment, anything you like.” He beamed. I smiled. “Well, I better get off to Art.” Art has always been the last class on my schedule, I had no idea why. 

I didn’t even looked at my paper. I just drew randomly as I looked over at Holly and sneered. She was complaining to her followers about her broken nails, blaming it on pencils. Yah right, I thought. After five minutes I looked down at my drawing. It was a sketch of two wolves (so original) one was a night black, his fur covered his huge body and he looked proudly up to the sky. His green-gold eyes gazed at the clouds. The other one was a female, white as snow. Her strange violet eyes beamed and she was running through the forest. She was slightly bigger, and he legs looked as if they were pumping. Now I knew what I had drawn, and was chucking it in the trash. The minute I threw it into the garbage, I ran back to my seat and drew a random sketch of a giraffe. 

Ms. Evenlyn, the Art teacher, picked up the drawing lying facedown. She looked at it, and her eyes bulged. “Who drew this?” She gasped. I was so not going to raise my hand. Of course, Holly did. “Me, Ms. Evenlyn. It wasn’t good enough so I decided to start over.” She grinned. “We must enter this in the Art competition Holly! Amazing job!” Ms. Evenlyn beamed. “Will everyone please draw me another wolf picture?” She asked, obviously not believing that it was Holly’s. She hated Art. I got right down to business. I decided to try my tactic of not looking.

In five minutes I stared down at myself again, looking regally up to the sun, my violet eyes glowing. I could feel Ms. Evenlyn’s breath on my shoulder. “Mackenzie!” Beautiful work!” She snatched my picture up. I blushed, not wanting any attention. “We have our young artist!” She practically yelled. I saw heads snap up and look at the pictures. I saw mouths open in amazement, and eyes narrowing in jealousy. “Please see me after class.” She whispered in my ear. I shivered; I was going to go to Olivia’s after school.

“Well Ms. Eversworth, I am certainly impressed.” Ms. Evenlyn praised. I looked at the floor, pretending it was thoroughly interesting, which by the way it was not. “Could you show me how you draw these?” She inquired. I nodded at the floor. “Wonderful! You can go sit in your regular seat, and I will watch you from behind.” She excitedly handed me a pencil and paper. I pulled out my chair and lowered myself into it. What have I gotten myself into?

I felt Ms. Evenlyn’s warm breath heaving onto my shirt. I ignored her and focused on my drawing. I decided to once again use my “method”. As I looked away, I could feel her breath quicken, as if she thought I wouldn’t do it. But when my pencil started scratching on the paper, she relaxed and her breath turned back to normal.

She gasped as I looked down. I had drawn a scene I had always wanted to forget. It was a black wolf and a chocolate brown wolf observing two fighting wolves. One was plain grey and boring, while the other had sleek white fur and violet eyes, me. You could tell the she-wolf was strong, swifter, and more powerful. They were crouched, ready to fight.

The picture was beautiful. The leaves on the trees were bright green and healthy, and the oaks towered over so largely, the two watching wolves were almost invisible. The forest floor included little piece of bark, roots, rocks, dirt, and moss. “Wow. I mean, wow.” Ms. Evenlyn whispered. “And you do this without looking?” she asked. I nodded. “You may leave.” I took this as a hint to get out of there, so I rushed out the door.

“I heard about your little Art adventure.” Sam whispered into my ear. I grinned and pushed him, playfully. He gasped as the force of my “playful” shove. “Ouch.” He complained, and it turned into a full out shove war, and I was winning!  

“Sam, Mackenzie, see me in my office!” The principle, Mr. Uguthraw dragged us to his stark and neat office, his hundred-year-old computer clunked on his desk. “Sit,” he ordered. We obediently sat in the straight-backed wood chairs, the chairs cushion less and highly uncomfortable, just like him.  

“You have been reported to leave the school campus after lunch. Is this true?” He ordered. We nodded. “Why?” He asked. “I got sick. I had to go home to get the medicine I needed from my mom.” I lied. “Why didn’t you go to the nurse?” He replied, testing me. “She didn’t have what I needed.” I spat. “You are a teenager, how would you know what you need!” He yelled. I was so mad, I was cracking my knuckles and popping my toes repeatedly. “Max.” Sam whispered. I continued to angrily pop and crack my knuckles. “Max.” He whispered a little louder. I continued. “MAX!” He yelled. Mr. Uguthraw stared and me, still cracking my knuckles and popping my toes, now starting to bite my hand. “Excuse us for one moment.” Sam murmured. He practically dragged me outside the door. “Mackenzie Eversworth, CALM DOWN!” He yelled. I was so angry. I will kill him, I will kill him, I will kill him. I chanted in my head. I cursed when I felt the familiar feeling of a changing form. “Run back to the cottage. Try to make sure no one sees you.” He whispered into my furry ear. He picked up my clothes, stuffed them in his bag, and left to tell another lie to the principle. I sneered, seriously. How did he think I was supposed to go unnoticed when the principals office was at the other end of the school, very far away from the exit I could actually open. What? It was the only push door.

I ran down the hallway. I accidently streaked past a few humans, who looked amazed to see a dog in the school. I passed Olivia by her locker who didn’t see me, Shela who cursed when she saw me, Amelia and Lila talking mindlessly, and Alex who ran to get Shela and Sam. I cursed in my insane wolf brain after passing a whole group of the schools biggest gossips and the popular kids. They screamed. “Animal control!” A girl with streaked pink blond hair screamed. She started dialing furiously at the keypad. Crap. I tried to run into the auditorium, but they blocked me, the jocks of the school circling me.

In minutes animal control came with a hook, which they fastened around my neck. I growled and lunged at them, my abnormally large body clashed with his. I turned around just in time to see a needle sticking out of my hind leg. The last thing I saw before I passed out, was Shela and Sam running towards me. 
Sam’s POV

I cursed as I ran to see the needle stick into Max’s hind leg. Alex had come to get me, with Shela in tow. They yelled something about Mackenzie and animal control. I didn’t even stop to process what they said, I just ran. My sneakers squeaked to a stop when I saw animal control. 

Shela, Alex, and I begged them to just put her in the forest. We gave a speech about the appreciation of nature’s creatures. They just ignored it. “Get a life kid.” One of the workers snuffed. “At least I don’t capture and drug wild animals for a living.” I shot back. His lips turned up, and a ghastly sneer spread across his face. “To bad kid, I got better things to do.” He spat, and loaded Max into a cage. 

We had lost, the case was hopeless. I called a meeting after school and we discussed how we would help her. “I say we just leave her.” Someone suggested. I looked to see one of the females in my pack. She was downright jealous of Max, she had been one of the ones who had been all over me when I became Alpha. It was only because I had power, and I knew it. Max didn’t downright care, she would love me whatever class I was. I stood up and faced Briana. “No. One. Says. That. About. Mackenzie.” I threatened, and punched her in the mouth.

Briana’s POV

I gasped as his fist connected with my mouth. I screamed as I felt my front teeth break and my lip bust. The whole pack looked in awe as Sam began to shift. They tried to hold him down, while a few of my friends came over and helped me up. I loved Sam, everything about him. His hair was like a melted Hersey’s bar, cooked to perfection. His eyes were a heart melting green with little gold flecks. When he moved, I tensed. When his shoulder brushed mine, I shivered. I woke up from my daydream to see his clothes lying on the ground and him streaking across the woods, no doubt looking for Mackenzie. The stupid girl. Coming in here, fake saving Sam from something that wasn’t there, and thinking she could be Alpha Female. I would show her. He only liked her because she was extremely pretty. She was tall, about 5’8, with natural hair to die for. It was the same dark chocolate brown as Sam’s, but with a strong red tinge and streaks, that were no doubt natural. Her eyes were amazing, mine were nothing compared to hers. They were a light violet purple, electric. When she looked at you, you either shied away and whimpered, or came close and stared. They were so unusual, I bet she just wears contacts. I still haven’t seen her in wolf form, so I’m not sure. But believe me Sam, I will get rid of her, even if it’s the last thing I do.




















Chapter 10
Mackenzie’s POV

I dully scratched the cage bars with one of my claws. I was extremely bored; the cage was way to small for my huge 6’7 tall body. I was squished. I could hear the drivers chatting, so I listened in. “That wolf is bloody huge! How are we going to get her out of there? It’s taller than me, and I’m 6’4!” One of them yelled. “I dunno, but that’s your problem. I just drive.” One of them snickered. 

“I don’t know a thing about bloody wolves though! And the tallest one I’ve ever seen would be 5 feet tall, if that! We should just shoot it.” The man whom I was guessing was not driving whimpered. “Naw, maybe it’s some new breed or somethin’.” The driver wondered. “We could be rich! Come on, let’s take it to the pound.” I frowned at the mention of me being called “it”. I am not an “it”! I angrily head butted the steel door.

“Hey! Come on dude! It’s getting angry!” The non-driver whispered. We suddenly hit around 80 miles per hour, and slammed the brakes in front of what I was guessing was the pound. I could hear the stupid mutts around me barking, and believe me, being a wolf is so much better than being a stupid dog. I could hear crates being opened until a middle-aged man with greying hair reached mine. My kennel was big enough for a lion, but still didn’t really fit me. I couldn’t turn around!

He opened the cage door slowly, while whispering gently to me as he pulled on an electric collar, over kill much? Ugh, collars. The torture of non-domesticated animals. But the idiot didn’t think about that, now did he? Once again, I am Alpha! Not a family dog! I growled, and felt a tiny shock from the collar. They seriously think this thing will hold me down? I smiled, if huge Alpha prophesied werewolves can smile. I growled when he tried to snap a leash on me. But, I tolerated it. The more I struggle, the harder it is to get out. God, I am so glad Sam and Shela can’t see me. They would be taking pictures and giggling, until they lost all their fingers. He led me (well, I more of led him) to the pound. I entered a room pulsing with the strong, horrible; sickening smell of antiseptic and shiny silver tools lay on a tray in the middle of the room, a vet’s office. “Very tame for a wild animal.” The vet stated. “Yes it is Clara. That’s why I brought it to you.” The non-driver puffed out his chest. “Yes Charlie, now run along. And take that silly collar off the animal. She’s not a dog.” Clara mumbled. Charlie trudged out of the room, grumbling to himself.

“Now, let’s measure you.” She spoke. I obediently stepped to a tape measure. “You’re huge for a wolf! The highest I have ever seen is 5 feet, and that’s huge! But you, you’re 6’7!” She squealed. I just rolled my eyes. Humans, always wanting to find something abnormal and being able to breed it and make money off of it. Greedy, selfish, not to mention annoying, humans. I mean, there are some exceptions. 

I was dragged away from my thoughts when another needle was shoved into my hind leg. What is with these people and needles! I yelled in my head before, I, once again, passed out. 

Mystery Person’s POV

I watched the needle get shoved into her hind leg. Let’s just say ever since her fight with the Alpha in the woods, I’ve been keeping close tabs on her. Her breathing slowed when the drug began to take over, the veterinarian laid her down on the metal table and began examining her all over. I could tell she was startled when she reached her eyes. Purple and beautiful, they shone dull with no light. 

Sam’s POV

We had been arguing for an hour about what to do. All I could think about was her, on a shiny metal table, being poked and prodded. What if she shifted? We would be in big trouble.

“What if she shifts? Then we would be in big trouble.” Father offered. “True, but Mackenzie is strong. She can tough it out, she doesn’t need our help.” spoke Alex. I looked over and growled at him. “Tell me, what would you do if you were brought to the pound, were a huge tiger-sized white wolf, the most rare wolf in the world, an Alpha, trapped by humans with drugs, blow darts, and if you tried to get away, you would be shot, you are in danger of shifting, if you do you will be brought to a lab where they test you until you die. What do you think of that?” I yelled. Now I was really angry, and shifting. They tried to hold me back, but in minutes my clothes were on the ground and a 6’4 black wolf ran into the woods. 

I ran to save her. I will save her. She will be okay. I will save her. I chanted in my head, over and over and over again. I finally reached where her scent ended, a white building. I could smell her in there. I almost ran to rescue her when I reminded myself that rushing in there wouldn’t help her. I trotted up to the window. A veterinarian stood hovered over her drugged form, feeling through her fur all over her body until Max started to wake up. At first it was just slow moving, that the vet ignored. But after a while she was snapping at her. The vet, who I caught that her name was Clara from her nametag, started calling people for help. I took this as my chance to take action. Quietly opening the lever window with my paws, I signaled to Max to move. She nodded and froze when Clara turned around to check on her, not looking towards the window and went back to talking on the phone. The minute she was sure her head was turned; Max bolted towards the window and me, jumped it, and fled into the forest. I followed.

Mackenzie’s POV

Sam followed me as I reached the clearing where the pack rested. Most were in human form, although a few grey wolves lounged on the rocks. I grinned when I saw a light grey wolf with blue eyes lounging on a large boulder, Shela. Yipping, I awkwardly ran and hopped onto the rock. Yes, I admit it. My size compared to Shela’s is kind of sad. When she stood up, I towered over her by about two feet. Licking my face, she challenged me to a race. She nodded as if to say ready, set, go! We bolted off toward the end of the clearing where Sam stood laughing in human form. I pranced when I realized I had won, by a lot. “Curse your stupid prophesied wolf powers.” She murmured. I smirked. “What was that?” She dropped her head.

“I’m so sorry Alpha. I did not mean,” Shela whimpered. I swiped at her. “I’m just kidding!” I explained in wolf tongue. A joyful smile returned to her face and she shot off back to our rock. I beat her once again and we rested on the rock, she was panting while I wasn’t even winded. We lay like that, sprawled out so we would be cooler. It was about 4 o’clock in the afternoon, in September. I had become a werewolf in August, so that means… full moon is in 3 days. 

Mystery Person’s POV

I smirked as recognition passed through her face. I will get her this full moon; she won’t even know what happened.
Chapter 11
Sam’s POV

I was having so much fun goofing around with Alex and Josh, until I looked over and realize Mackenzie was shaking. “What?” I yelled, thrusting her shoulder back and forth for her to talk to me. “Full moon.” She whispered. I gasped as I remembered the nights I dreaded every month. “Three days.” she reminded me. I nodded my head, now shaking and rocking besides her. 

Last time full moon had not gone well. Mackenzie had gotten herself lost, drugged, and cut all over. I had gotten myself incredibly lost, and it was time to tell her, about her parents.

Mackenzie’s POV

“Mackenzie, we need to talk…” Sam stuttered. I nodded and followed him to a rock where he sat down. “About your real parents.” I could feel my excitement building up as I waited to hear what I had been yearning for forever. “Can you wait? This is an extremely long story.” 

He itched his knee uncomfortably. “Of course, now go ahead.” I encouraged him.

“Well, it all started with you parents… Rebecca and Kane Eversworth were a generally happy couple. With no children, they traveled the world. Foolishly angering my father because of their absence, he made them stay in one place, here. They were extremely unhappy and did all sorts of things to anger my father, including having you. In our pack there are laws, five to be exact.
 
1.If you are a rogue, you must either ask permission to pass through or join the pack.
2.To marry, the Alpha and the both the couple’s parents must approve. 
3.No werewolf must ever tell another human of their existence unless in the absolute worst circumstances, therefore the Alpha must approve.
4.All children must:
Be bitten at two years of age
Go to Training five days a week until 25 years of age
Obey the Alpha and be loyal to the pack
Attend school
5.All adults shall ask permission before having a child. Fail to obey this law will result in the confiscating of the child.”

“That is a lot of rules. So what did they do?” I prodded. “Well, they broke #2, 3, 4, and 5. They married in secret, told one of their friends about themselves, failed to bite you, make you go to training, and had you without permission.” He huffed. “That is a lot of rule breaking. No wonder your father was mad!” I muttered. “They were killed by their friend whom they told, they burned down their house. You happened to be at your grandparents’ when it happened.” I could see the beginning of tears forming in his eyes, like the clouds before a heavy downpour and a tiny drop lands on you head, and you run inside yelling and tearing off your coat in the process.

“So how do I tie into the whole prophecy thing?” I waited for his answer. “Fate chose you. Fate is like baking a cake. Sometimes you put in the wrong ingredients or cook it too long. But others the cake looks beautiful but tastes horrific. And for some, the cake looks delicious and tastes so. But there are the unlucky few who sit in the cabinet, waiting to be baked but never are.” 
“Well that is a depressing view of life.” I huffed. “Yes, it is. But it is the correct view of life, whether you like it or not.” I drummed my finger on the old oak tree and really looked at it. It was obviously long chopped down, the trunk was rotting and creatures made their homes drilling through it. But this tree had lived a life, seen things, and had stories to tell. But its cake had been thrown away, had sat in the fridge where no one wanted it, until someone noticed it and had gotten rid of it.

“You want to go for a run?” He inquired. “Sure.” I answered. We had been talking for almost an hour, and my legs were stiff. I looked beside me to see Sam shifting, I did the same. In minutes ying yang colored fur mixed. Black as a raven, his sleek fur gave him the impression of dominance and power. His piercing green eyes molded with his coat. They fit, the sea green, mystery seeping through his irises with his cunning black coat. 

Sam’s POV

White as newly frozen ice, her gorgeous fur gave her the impression of beauty, strength, and cleverness. Her jarring violet eyes stood out with her coat. They fit, the violet beauty shining with her breathtaking snow-white coat.

Running together we were ying and yang, the zebra’s stripes, the sadness of a old photograph. So alike, we molded like clay and hands, working and straining to get the correct shape. But we were also so different, black to white, white to black, yang and yang. 




Tyler’s POV

I sighed as Dylan and Daxton entered my office. They bowed their heads and approached my desk, I could see them staring into the pink jagged scars, and bowing their heads in shame when they caught my eye. They as much as I did wanted to know what my father meant when he said that “she knows”. I mean, I have no idea! It was all so frustrating! I slammed my fist on the table, and they both jumped. “Sorry, just thinking.” I murmured. The fear sneaked away from their eyes, like a snake choosing another prey. 

“Don’t ask.” Daxton grumbled into Dylan’s ear. He obviously thought I couldn’t hear his? I sneered. “What do you want?” I sighed. “Sir, we just wanted to know what to do. Your father is, having visions sir.” Dylan stuttered. “What!” I yelled and rushed out the door, leaving the two idiots to stare into space until I came back. What would they do without me?

Mystery Person 1’s POV

Scribbling notes onto my paper, ripping it in the process. Okay, I admit it, I was obsessed. I would get back at Sam, for what he did to me. Casting me out of the pack? What was he thinking! Having a fight with me, he knew I would win. Then that scoundrel dragged himself over to that cursed girl’s house, and now to get back at him, I have to take her. Oh the woe of werewolf politics.

Can’t we all just be normal? I groaned as the anger veiled itself over me and encased me in a cocoon of anger. Claws formed on my finger and my scream turned into a howl. My paws padded across the floor as I flew into the silent darkness, a curtain of warmth around my scarred body.













Chapter 12
Mackenzie’s POV

The next morning I woke up stiff from running home last night. I had stayed while Sam explained more about his parents and heritage, and then we had come back and went right to bed. I was still worrying over my parent’s return next week, what would I do to convince them to stay even longer? A sleepover? Sitting there worrying and thinking, I remembered I had school.

Leaping from my bed, I ran to get dressed. Going for a Hunger Games theme, I picked out a light green tank top, leather belt, knee-length brown cloth pants, a leather vest, and combat boots. Shela would totally freak out, we both loved the series. Although Katniss should of so married Gale! Pulling my hair back in a braid (typical Katniss style), I ran downstairs to eat a quick breakfast and to get into the pack van. Now only two days until full moon, I shivered.

“You look just like her!” Shela shrieked when I came downstairs. I grinned and pretended to have a bow and arrow. “You are so much like her, like you to are twins!” Shela dragged me to the kitchen to get some bacon, eggs, toast, and juice. After I finished, I hopped into the van and chatted excitedly to Shela all the way to school.

“Hey! What do you have first period?” Olivia asked me. “Umm… P.E.” I muttered. “Me to! Come on, let’s go!” Dragging me, she led me to the gym where Mr. Johnson barked orders that even humans could hear on the other half of the school. Of course, cursed with decent hearing, I could here it outside, never less right outside the door.

We entered, and even though I was okay at P.E., I was nervous. This was the first time I had done P.E. since I We entered and were already being screamed at. “Alright ladies. This unit we are doing Gymnastics, we’ll start with eight laps for warm-up. Starts now.” He barked. 

We all groaned but began the long eight laps around our huge gym. When I got into the rhythm of running, I felt my legs pumping and my feat hit the track faster and faster. Four laps, five laps, six laps, seven laps, one to go. On the last lap, I sprinted. My feet flew in front of my and I could hear the beat. Thump, thump, thump, thump, but very fast. I finished the last lap and came to watch everyone else, they were on lap five. They all looked at me like I was insane and tried to match my pace, but failed. Mr. Johnson came up to me with his mouth gaping. 

“Alright ladies, grab a mat and place it in front of me, and do your usual stretches. I will count.” He ordered. I slinked away to get one of the ripped up blue gym mats. Placing in directly in front of him, I smoothed out the wrinkles and lay onto it. “Alright ladies, fifteen push-ups. No knees. Starting, now.” He sneered. Everyone immediately started to go into the position, and I followed. “Up, down. Up, down. Up, down.” Already, some of the girls were starting to get tired. I just kept going until I realized we had finished. 

We finished the stretches, and I felt super flexible. Before I was never even able to touch my toes! Now, I could do full splits and even flips! I waited in line for my turn to do a flapjack. A flapjack is when you do a forward handspring, cartwheel, and then a front flip. I could see that it was a hard move from the tons of girls failing. Even when the guys tried from the other class, not a single person could do it. Finally, it was my turn. Tucking my shirt into my gym shorts, I raised my arms above my head. Taking a deep breath, I leaped.

My hands collided with the ground as I entered the forward handspring. Pushing off with an unknown strength, I landed on my feet. Part one down, two to go. Reacting, my right hand hit the mat slightly before my left. My feet flew through the air pointed. When I landed, I immediately jumped up, tucked in my chin and legs as I was taught in preschool. My long ponytail flew out as I rotated and landed on my feet, executing the entire thing perfectly.

As I became aware of my surroundings when I saw everyone gasping. “What?” I questioned, shrugging my shoulders. “You did it! Now come on Mackenzie, do five forward handsprings, five backward handsprings, a front flip, and a back flip. Go!” The boy’s coach Ms. Smith yelled. She was the official gymnastics teacher. I smiled and began her bidding.

Handstand, push. Handstand, push off. All right Max, go again. I did my five forward handsprings, then stopped. Bending back I did a handstand and pushed off with the strength in my arms. Five more of those. When I finished them, I pushed off at the last and did a forward flip. When my bare feet struck the carpet, I pushed with all the force I had and flipped backwards. When I was finished, I swear Ms. Smith’s jaw was on the floor. 

“You are dismissed.” she directed towards the door. Following Olivia, I made my way to Math carrying my binder and textbooks from my locker. I was greeted by Mr. Fitzgerald when I entered, and I took my seat. This was the only class I had no one in the pack or even Olivia in, and I felt strangely disconnected. Setting my binder and textbooks inside the desk, I folded my hands over themselves as Mr. Fitzgerald shut the door and start the class.

“Alright class. I would like you to welcome back Mackenzie. We hope her problems are sorted out soon.” He demanded. He was trying to make it better, but snickers erupted from neighboring desks. Ignoring them, I turned the assigned work. Easily scribbling the answers, remembering the lesson before I left.































Chapter 13
Tyler’s POV

I followed Dylan and Daxton to my father’s bedside, quivering in fear of the sight I would see. I was not disappointed. He was hugging his knees and rocking back and forth across the sheets, but at the same time murmuring to himself.

“She knows, she’s coming, I deserve it, all my fault, poor Tyler, she’s coming, coming to kill, bloodthirsty, just like me.” He whispered, and this was not the strong dominant man I knew. He was shivering so hard and silent tears trailed down his cheeks. “The visions, sir. He is haunted by them.” A pack doctor beckoned me over. I touched his forehead, and it was clear that he was running a high fever. It’s rare for werewolves to receive fevers, since we have a naturally high body temperature. 

He was sweating like crazy, but continued muttering words and saying he was cold, so we just kept piling on the blankets. “Father? All you alright?” I murmured, worry seeped through my voice. Suddenly, he shot up from his bed, his blue eyes gazed into my own. “Tyler, listen to me right now. A curse seeps through the bloodlines of our family, from the horrible actions we have done. Your grandfather, my father, over threw the Alpha of his pack, becoming the new Alpha seeing as he was Beta. We are not of Alpha blood.” His voice quivered and trembled, and looking back into his eyes, I noticed the color seeping from his eye, and in seconds they lay lifeless and his body grew limp and paled. He dropped into my empty arms, dead.





Mystery POV #2

The full moon, it was in exactly two days. In two days she would be mine, he would be mine. The jealousy had taken me over; the foul taste froze my taste buds. I hated to hurt him, but eventually he would get over it and be with me. I returned to scribbling important notes for the task ahead. Only two days…

Sam’s POV

Only two days… until poor Mackenzie had to bear a week as a wolf. I knew she loved the freedom of wolf form, but I also knew she was not one to enjoy being trapped. I would make sure the electric fence was turned on and repaired, all cages were intact, oh how I hate full moons. They were also called Blood Moons for a reason. Blood is always shed, one year a gang got through the defenses; I shivered while jotting in my English textbook. Wolf moons are actually different. Once a year, on October 31st, all packs gather together and have a ceremony. Mates are required to wear formal Celtic dress, since that is where our roots lie, that and Romania. 

Female and males separate, the female Alphas leading the females, and the male Alphas leading the males. We go on a hunt and catch the biggest prey possible. Each gender brings back its prize and we shift back and a feast is born from the hunt. We eat together, and news is exchanged. Finally, a ceremony is held for all new Alphas and mates. Their mate, leaving them linked to the other forever, marks them by a simple bite at the back of the neck. The more powerful the mates, the bigger and bolder the mark is. It was actually only a week before the 31st. We were brought out of school from the 31st to November 3rd, actually Max’s birthday.

Mr. Davey snapped me out of my eternal memory by yelling at me. “Samuel Wenteluri! Snap out of it!” He hissed, snapping his finger in front of my wide-open gasping mouth. “Sorry Mr. Davey! Just, um, thinking!” I blabbered. Gosh Sam! You can think of something better than that! I mentally slapped myself.

“Yes, just um thinking are we? Care to share your thinking with the class?” He smirked. I stared at the desk, eternally wondering why Max loved this teacher so much. “You see sir, its um a very important dance for my family, I was just making preparations in my mind.” It wasn’t the full truth, but it wasn’t a lie either. There was a sort of dance at the end, my pack was like my family, and I was kind of making preparations, so I didn’t feel bad at all.

Mackenzie’s POV

Finally, I was out of school. My muscles were cramped and ready to be let free, side affects of the fast approaching full moon. I shivered. I couldn’t even say the words without tracing the scar that trailed across my face. So far, no one had asked about it, but I could tell they were all curious. Probably already stirring up rumors that my dad had hit me or I had been clumsy and ran into something. I mentally halted myself from my thoughts and searched for Olivia, Lila, Amelia, and Shela. 

My search ended when I found them leaning up against the pack van with the boys. Olivia was hanging around, obviously not knowing her place without me. When she saw me, her face brightened and she shifted her position over to where I was standing. “Hey, can you sleepover tomorrow night?” she beamed. “Um, no I can’t. Sorry.” I pouted. “Why?” I looked over to her. “Because it’s full moon. Every full moon Sam and Shela’s parents take us to a nice dinner. Sorry.” Now I was tearing up from having to lie to my best friend.

“Max, don’t cry! Seriously, it’s okay. Come here.” She hugged me. This is why I love this girl; she always knows how to cheer me up. She never gets mad when I can’t do something, or when I’m busy whenever the very few times come when my parents are home. 

We all piled into the van, Olivia waved to me and smiled. I smiled weakly back and shut the door behind us. “Sorry.” Shela whispered in my ear. I just turned away and stared out the window at all the people passing by; I envied them with their normal lives. I turned my iPod on shuffle. 

“Oh this has gotta be the good life, this has gotta be the good life, this could really be a good life, good life. I say oh the scream that you can’t fight, the city is fire night. This could really be the good life, the good good life.” Good life by OneRepublic was one of my favorite songs. I sat there humming it for the whole drive home.

I was getting ready for bed, brushing my teeth, the usual.  Ramon came in when while I was reading. “Hey.” I mumbled. “Hey. I just wanted to talk to you.” He replied, weakly smiling. “We can’t let you miss tomorrow’s school. You have all missed way to much. We have to take the risk that you may shift before you can get home.” Without waiting for me to protest, he left the room, leaving me to drown in my own thoughts during a restless sleep. 

I woke up the next morning very sore. The full moon was fast approaching, and I could already feel my wolf senses strengthening. I flopped out of bed and got dressed in black skinny jeans, a black and white stripped tank top, and black high-top converse with white laces.  

“Going for the Goth look today?” Shela teased, and flipped her hair behind her shoulder. “Yah, today Olivia and I are twins.” I grinned. “You’re going to be on watch all day, the only class we can’t is Math, okay?” Shela asked. I nodded and went to go cook breakfast for everyone. 

“You look amazing!” I complimented Olivia. She was dressed similar to me in a black and white striped shirt with buttons down the front, black skinny jeans, and black high-top converse with white laces. We hugged and I led her to our classes. 

They went by boringly, with me twitching nervously through each lesson. Finally at lunch I stepped outside and inhaled the riches of the lush forest. I felt a touch brush my shoulder and looked over to see Lila. She smiled and nodded to me. “It calls, does it not?” She openly asked, and left me to drown in her words. 

Finally the last class of the day came, math. I was twitching badly turning the whole lesson, when it worsened Mr. Fitzgerald excused me for a breath of fresh air. When I reached the forest, I saw all the other emerging from the other exits. Amelia, Josh, Lila, Alex, Sam, Shela, Jacob, Iris, and Damien. We all looked at each other, and they gathered around me. “Ready? I can’t hold it back any longer.” Shela asked, and I nodded. I gave myself to the wolf, the familiar jerking of bones shifting and changing shape filled my ears. I looked up to see my pack formed in a circle around me. I looked each wolf over. First was Sam. His jet-black fur clashed with my own in a good way, and his glowing green eyes with gold eyes met my own. 

Amelia stood right in front of me. Her long blonde fur was golden in the setting sun; her cat-like green eyes stared back at my own. Josh was next her, his red and grey coat described him in an amazing way, and his baby blue eyes stared at the ground. Next to him stood Shela. Her dark grey coat had streaks of lighter grey and her navy blue eyes stared proudly at the now full moon.  Lila nudged her side; her silver grey fur and sapphire eyes matched Alex’s dark grey fur and sky blue eyes. Jacob and Iris nudged each other affectionately; they’re matching light grey fur and blue grey eyes matched. Damien stood alone, his silvery black fur with a white face and storm grey eyes stared at the autumn leaves. 

My huge form lumbered over them, I shouted orders in wolf tongue. “Follow Sam and I, next to your mate. Shela and Damien, please pair up for now. If you spot something preferably larger than a rabbit, contact either Sam or I, whoever is the closest. Do not hunt on your own; we cannot afford to lose one of you in unknown woods. Watch out for humans, now here we go.” I sprung from my position, my legs stretching in front of each other. I snuck a look to my left and saw Sam next to me, almost touching. I nuzzled his neck and kept running. After a second, I saw a black and white figure flash at the top of a tree behind me where we shifted. I saw a familiar head of auburn hair flying behind the figure. She looked one last look back, and when she met my eyes she fled. Olivia. 












Chapter 14
Olivia’s POV

When Max was excused from the room, I had to follow her. She was my best friend, and I had already lost her for a whole week. There was no way I was letting her go again. Besides, Max never gets sick, so something must be wrong.

I silently but quickly followed her outside. Once there, she looked around. I followed her view and saw a couple of her new friends hanging out by the other exits. I crept around the door, and while she wasn’t looking, I climbed the tree closest to her. They all gathered in a circle, and relaxed their muscles in a sitting position. I almost screamed when I saw Max’s body change shape, disfigure. The skin on her arms melted and sprouted pure white fur, her hands morphed into paws, the thick black pads were meant for running through the forest. 

Then I looked and began to see the others doing the same thing. Within five minutes, a circle of beautiful wolves stood in the middle of the school’s forest. I automatically knew the gigantic one in the middle was Max, the pure white fur, huge towering form, and violet eyes gave her away. The one next to her was almost her complete opposite. He was a pure coal black, about half a foot shorter than Max, and green eyes with gold flecks. The other wolves were almost all grey, but there was a blonde one and a silver white one that stood out, though. 

Mackenzie rose, the black one rising with her. She spoke something to the others in a strange language, it sounded like Italian, Romanian, and Gaelic all mixed together. They nodded, and she took off into the forest with the other following her. The minute I thought she was out of sight, I jumped from the tree and hit the ground, taking off. With one last look back, I saw familiar violet eyes staring back. I took off, scared of what I had just witnessed. Mackenzie was a werewolf.

Sam’s POV

I felt the remaining human thoughts I had slip away as I became the other half of me, the wolf. I no longer knew anyone’s names, or anything about them. I knew their ranks, fur colors, and wolf personalities, nothing else. The white wolf, my mate, nudged my fur and urged me on. I looked into her line of sight and saw a young doe. Her ears twitched in pleasure and she nibbled at the already short grass. The white wolf flicked her ears towards me, commanding me to move to the right. Bowing my head, I followed her orders and moved the right. I watched her move the other wolves into place, guiding the young hunters into the right stance. All the while, she was as quiet as a silent night. 

Mackenzie’s POV

I guided the young silver-black wolf’s paw into position, moving it slowly as not to disturb our soon-to-be prey. Once everyone was in position, I crouched into my position and flicked my tail. The attack began. My mate lunged for the knees of the doe as instructed; my beta the light and dark grey wolf lunged for the front two legs. The matching grey furred mated pair circled the doe to keep it from escaping, the silver black wolf observed and helped to fence the doe in. 

The blonde and grey pair nipped at the doe’s heels, beckoning me over to finished the kill. I immediately leapt and in one single jump, landed on the deer’s belly. My pack backed away, while I lowered my jaw to the deer’s neck. “Thank you for your offering to the pack. We honor you in another world.” I whispered, and in one single bite of the neck, the doe fell silent.


Mystery Person #1’s POV

I watched the kill from the trees, un-shifted. Being in my wolf form would cause attention, besides how was I supposed to climb trees. Since I am a rogue, the full moon only affects me for 6 hours, starting at midnight. Now it was only 6 o’clock. All the planning, it had paid off. Now here I was, about to do it. I could already taste the metallic and sharp taste of blood, ripping my jaws through her flesh. It actually made me drool.

Mystery Person #2’s POV

I crouched down in my wolf form, a boring bay color. My brown eyes focused on the prize, the white wolf. She was leading her pack, no my pack, into a formation to attack. When they brought down the doe, she let them eat first, only ripping a small piece of stomach meat for herself. She lay down, and the black wolf lay besides her, them both ripping chunks of the stringy meat from the bones. And then, when they huddled together for a night’s sleep, I attacked.

Mackenzie’s POV

I knew the bay wolf was there, I always did. But I mirrored my actions so she would believe I suspected nothing. I heard the leap, of course I did. But I didn’t move until the last moment, nudging the black wolf awake and ripping her shoulder to shreds. The metallic taste of the red liquid filled my mouth, and a shot adrenaline burst through me. I growled low and fiercely. It could tell it shook the bay wolf, but she kept her mask of security and lunged again. I would have won if the bullet had not lodged itself deep into my stomach, I would have won if she had not had a human follower. I would have won if I wasn’t focused on the fight at hand. But I didn’t.

Sam’s POV

I lunged in front of the white wolf the moment I heard the shot, but it was to late. It lodged itself deep into the contents of her stomach, and she fell. I ran to her, my mate, the white wolf. But her body shuddered and lay still. I ran to gather up my pack to find help, and we attacked the bay wolf and her follower, the human, now a dark grey furred wolf. We fought, we killed them both. I struck the final blow on the wolf I knew, my best friend, who I had casted out of the pack, Jared. My mate was dead.


