Seed of Life

"Bewitch the Witch"
Book 1

By D.E.P
bewitchthewitch@yahoo.com




Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2012 by D.E.P.
All Rights Reserved.

Cover Art by Karri Klawiter www.artbykarri.com
Formatting by LK EBook Formatting Service



Devotions


I dedicate this book to all soon to be fans of an epic journey that will grip each one’s heart. 
I dedicate this book to my father for being interested in my passion in writing and allowing me to pursue such aspiration. 
To my mother, I dedicate this piece of work for giving me the tools and teachings to come up with the stories I dream of today. 
This novel is dedicated to my brother for listening to my several ideas even when they seemed to be overwhelming. 
To Lauren Solinsky, I thank you for being a close friend for the beginning of our high school years and inspiring me to be a well-known author in the future. 
Shelby Scoggins, I thank you for giving me advice and always being there for me, even today, to listen to my dreams. 
Irish Solinsky, I thank you for continuously asking me when my novel was to be published because it gave me a sense of pride to continue the journey on this writing expedition. 
I thank anyone, all my friends and family, which have been part of my life and worked their own type of magic to enable me to become the person I am now. 
This could not have been done without the help of Karri Klawiter and L.K. Campbell who have helped to create an outstanding book cover and a well formatted piece of writing. 
Above all, however, I thank my God for filling my own heart with optimism and the strive to continue the never-ending path I walk upon. Little miracles are the sort of magic and inspiration that has helped me to move on.



Dear Reader,
I want to thank you for beginning the first few pages into a journey of imagination and wonder. Your contribution does not only influence me to write more, but also enables me to donate a portion of the profits to local charities or to people I feel need support. I am filled with joy and hope that the story I have written will fulfill your desires. To tell you a little about myself, I am currently a teenager in the hopes of becoming a well-known writer in the future. You have kindly helped me fulfill my dream. Let your imagination thrive as you read each word and your mind unravel to fulfill your own dreams, whatever they shall be. And with that, let the story begin.
Yours truly,
D.E.P.



Chapter 1

Twins of Destiny


It was already autumn and the enthralling trees that stood up tall and golden now began to shed to reveal the shiny bronze coat underneath. It was strange, those trees. They seemed to be wearing different coats depending on the seasons. The branches swayed back and forth to the rhythm of the winds that traveled from the eastern mountains. The trees wore gold during spring and summer, bronze during autumn, and silver during winter. Each season would begin only when these majestic trees revealed the next color. When a hint of bronze or silver was found, you would be certain the season had changed.
The branches stretched out long and thin, and the leaves, being huge and tear-shaped, would sway with the wind until silently falling to the ground. No one noticed these little things. No one cared because it was a yearly routine, such as the marsberry bell flowers that rang during the summer. Those golden leaves would fall and get crushed by the careless of feet. This was when the fun began. The leaves would cringle like paper since they were flat enough to write on and thin enough to tear. These leaves would turn to sand. Golden sand. Silver sand. Bronze sand. This sand was all that mattered and all that seemed mesmerizing in the land.
All year long the sand would change until there was a mixture. The wind would blow this mixture along the sky, caring it up high towards the heavens. It was a beautiful land all on its own. The grass rose up tall and high where it was permitted and cut short enough in some areas to be used as a rug. There were multiple colors everywhere the eyes could see, except for the path that stretched out far across the terrestrial environment. The hills made the place feel all the more magical. And that is because it was, and is.
It was almost always sunny, with a light breeze of course. Then, in the winter, the white silvery snow would come falling with a soft splat, forming a thin clear slippery floor to walk upon. Even in this season, the days showed light because the land had rarely felt darkness. All the seasons were wonderful and different in a unique way. The sky had its own part in the season changes as well. During the spring, the heavens would change to a bright yellow, providing warmth to the creatures Mother Nature created. When the season changed to summer, the sky changed its color to a mysterious light green, providing birth. Then, the sky would change to a mystifying purple, providing reassurance. Lastly, the sky would change its color to a deep blue, providing comfort. Needless to say, mysterious parts of the land, many as there were, contributed to these genuine changes. It was what Mother Nature had intended. Nature responded at the exact time. If the trees began to shed to reveal its bronze color, one could be sure that the color above had changed to a purple. This was the way of life in the land.
In one of the most wonderful places in the land, stretched on the hills that overlooked the sea, stood a magnificent palace. Being a beige color, the palace seemed a glowing star from afar, and in a sense it was, being the home of the land. A long grey-bricked bridge connected the main land to a small, but magnificent island. Brick after brick was stacked up to create the fortress.
Once one crossed the enormous bridge decorated with white stone statues of heroic individuals holding long blades or bows, one would walk into a courtyard before standing in front of the humongous dark russet doors that were decorated with the history of the land. It was said that the doors had magic in themselves, since they were made from the wood from the tree of Saecula. Each year a different carving would form, sometimes even before its time. However, only a handful were able to interpret such engravings the wood provided.
Baskets of flowers hung along the ceiling of the walk-around balconies and fountains sprang up in the corners. Vines stretched out their long stems to wrap around the tall engraved columns that supported the terraces. One could stare for hours at the fountains, observing the different colors that sprang from them.
The courtyard in back of the palace was odd. This was called the Garden of Enchantment. Walls stretched out high in order to border the strange force that was inside. The walls were not ordinary. They moved. They slithered. They thought. Dark green vines moved with such strangeness that it seemed to have a mind of its own, as if it were an animal, an inhabitant, a god. These were the Vines of Fatum, a mysterious plant that could not be rid of in any way. Try burning it and sparks would form as if having the flames reflected. Try cutting it with a diamond ditcher dragger, the sharp blade would crack. Yet, the vines were moistened and flexible, able to take the form of a body. The courtyard was seemingly vacant for its mysterious atmosphere. In order to enter the strange force, one would walk straight into the live wall, having one’s body fall onto the other side. Not many have experienced the wonders beyond the wall. These vines showed one’s destiny.
What made it especially splendid, was the birth of the first twins the land had ever seen. It was a peculiar sight, those twins. They seemed so different from each other despite the same appearance. The small bodies had small strands of pitch black hair. While one twin had bright blue sapphire-like eyes that shined with every light source, the other twin had purple eyes, a color not too uncommon in the land. In the eight foot tall golden chair, with silver embroideries and engravings of horses and other majestic creatures, sat the king, happily observing the melody of awes that came from the crowd. The queen was nowhere to be found, most likely due to the sickness the pregnancy had caused her.
Two servants held vast pillows, much like huge soft velvet clouds that grabbed onto the hands of those that held them. A thin golden embroidery surrounding the edges of the pillows wobbled with every movement the servants’ hands made. The twins, frozen and captivated by the immense crowd, stood still for everyone to adore them. The light shined through the clear glass windows and onto the focal point of the palace.
The enormous carvings on the massive doors came to life, fire etching itself in all the engravings as the enchanted wooden doors opened to reveal the Clan of the Lost White Apes. The apes’ white complexion was smooth in appearance as the apes walked with such dignity. It was not difficult to spot the majestic sovereign of the group, for he was noticeably different from the rest. His golden tunic dragged onto the ground while he walked at a fast pace toward the king of the palace. A staff, standing a few inches beyond his height, was held by the ape. An odd bronze necklace of Occulta, resembling an olden coinage, hung from his neck. He was clearly shown as the king of the clan, for a crown made of silver was leveled on his head intact with precious jewels of multiple colors.
The crowd of inhabitants quickly made room for the Apes to walk through. The crowd, silent, listened to what the wise Ape, known as Sapientem, had to say.
“Greetings, old friend,” the sovereign of the apes stated, bowing in front of the king’s throne.
“It has been too long since we last met Sapientem,” the king replied, “I am quite glad you could join us.”
“The pleasure is all mine,” replied Sapientem without the slightest gesture of a smile.
“Help yourself with the food provided,” said the king, raising his crystal cup full of wine, “for the joy and the fruit of the land!”
Harps started playing, trumpets started sounding, and dancers started shining for those observing. The dancers held small wooden horns by their sides as they moved their silver bodies in a rhythmical manner to please the crowd. The clothing worn by them seemed scaly in appearance, a deep blue color that matched their silvery complexion. This clothing was not a simple rag woven to produce an elegant dress, but made of a mermaid’s tail. Mermaids were feared in the land; only mermaidens, similar in appearance except for the elf-like ears that lay before the nicely curled blonde hair, were greatly honored for their bravery. The dress was long and slender, covering the feminine chest at an angle. The dancers’ mysterious blue eyes glittered like the waves down below. What seemed like an engraved tiara on the silvery skin, shown above the eyes at the hairline. The hair, pitch black in color, was similar in appearance to a beehive and was secured with a blue spiked head band. Occasionally the dancers would blow the horns with the rhythm of their bodies. This produced white smoke to wrap around them like a serpent’s body. Fire began to leap towards the heavens with calamity.
The days never ended in the land. Darkness was rarely heard of. Evil was only slightly touched. Light sprang from the windows into the parlor as all began to celebrate the short victory. Sapientem motioned the king to the balcony which rose above the ancient waters of the land. Showing a grim face, the king new Sapientem needed to talk of important matters. The Ape looked beyond the sea. Mermaidens jumped from the surface and onto the rocks that bordered the tall walls of the palace. They were the protectors of the land.
“If I had an offspring would you kill it?” questioned Sapientem while he put his head down.
“Of course not! What an awful question. Why must you be so demanding?” replied the king with a frown.
“Now what if I said I foresaw my offspring ultimately corrupting the beautiful land we see?” Sapientem asked while touching the smooth surface of the white balcony enclosure.
“What is the meaning of these odd questions? Not an evil has been seen in this land since the years of Malum’s rule,” replied the king.
“Oh but it is about to begin. King Fortis, how do you think this land was created? Wars are what made this land to be,” asserted Sapientem.
“What a foolish thing to say. Those years have been long over,” whispered the king while narrowing his eyes in disagreement.
“It is true; before you were born wars broke up families of this land. Evil was in the air. The good people of the land had enough of becoming slaves of the monarch Malum. After years of shedding tears, the abused went against the evil of this land. The ground burned, the ground shook, blood spilled, and new wonders formed for the victorious—the good,” explained Sapientem, “Blood gives life. A life for a life,” smiled Sapientem while a tear formed in his dark glittery eyes.
“What is the meaning of this?” questioned Fortis suspiciously.
“Fortis, your daughter inhabits a wicked soul,” answered Sapientem, “I have been meaning to tell you this, but knowing your divine joy, I could not bear the thought of saddening you.”
“Which daughter is it?” asked Fortis, already frustrated by the news.
“That could not be found,” whispered Sapientem while dropping his white head in sorrow.
“How did you come to find out?” questioned Fortis while trying to keep a strong head.
Sapientem took a while remembering the past event which had changed his life. He had pressed his Occulta necklace towards the bright light and tilted his head back as past events from ancient times entered his mind. All those who wore the amulet showed the secrets of the past. The previous owners of the necklace had already prophesized the evil that was to come, to return to the land. “The amulet of Occulta helped me decipher the carving of the dagger and the two different shaded eyes on the ancient doors of your palace. The eyes represent the twins and the dagger signifies the misfortune to the land. One of the twins will turn her back to her people, her sister, her mother, and her father,” answered Sapientem.
“What should I do?” asked Fortis as he looked up.
“Time will tell. The other twin could potentially save the land,” answered Sapientem. He tapped Fortis’s back and walked toward the entrance of the castle, exiting.
King Fortis looked beyond the green waters, past the mountains, and beyond the clouds. He lifted his golden crown and placed it on the ledge. Light reflected onto the glossy crest, shining onto the walls of the palace. The king wore a long red cape with glints of gold that spread across it. A neatly kept small blonde beard stretched a couple of centimeters from the king’s chin. As the king stood by the balcony, the long blonde hair that was neatly combed along the soft face seemed rather paler. Bright blue eyes darkened due to the sadness that pierced the king’s heart.



Chapter 2

The Withering of a Rose


A breeze went past the balcony, causing the king to shiver. Picking up his shiny golden crown of power, the king walked towards the stairs that led to the highest room in the castle. The stairs winded around the walls until a door appeared in the presence of the king. “Aperire,” said the king in a bold voice while an unnoticed clear tear dropped from his left determined eye; it streamed past his lips and onto his chin, finally dropping onto the white marble of the stairs. The huge white door finally opened for the king to pass through. The king moistened his lips in bitterness, tasting the salty remains of the tear.
A comfortable canopy in appearance floated in midair with translucent curtains displaying an immobile dark shadow. “Descende,” the voice of the king echoed in the room. The bed hovered toward the crystal floor, landing on a bare spot. The king pulled back the drapes, revealing a beautiful female figure. Black spiraled hair spread across the white moss that molded to the female’s slender figure. Thin black eyebrows spread across the now opened purple penetrating eyes. The small soft nose curved towards the plump red and moistened lips. The woman wore a small red dress that descended a few inches above her knees which were folded to the side. “Angelus, my love,” said the king while opening his closed eyes.
“Fortis, my blade,” replied the calm woman while looking directly into the eyes of her husband.
“How are you feeling?” questioned the king while embracing the stunning face in his hands. He wrapped the hair between his fingers and slid them down to her shoulder. His eyes narrowed in sadness as he saw the woman’s expression of joy change to sorrow in a split second. The queen changed her expression to a reassuring smile, but it was obvious she was faking the expression of her suffering.
“I feel all the better with your arms embracing me,” said the king’s queen, pulling herself to her king’s shoulders, “Remember in the past 300 years when you bestowed to me your aura in the presence of the King of the skies?”
“I do. Your red aura flourished in excitement as two lovers became one,” answered the king. Angelus smiled in happiness, displaying perfect white teeth. Her eyes widened in pleasure as she remembered past memories.
“We were one of the few daring enough to go the Garden of Enchantment. Remember?” asked Angelus.
“Yes, the trees were still and the castle was silent. The only noise came from you and me running past the marsbabble trees and the flowers of ignis until reaching the Vines of Fatum. How you embraced me with such warmth until we fell into the vines’ chilliness. As if mist, they disappeared, revealing a never-ending garden unbelievable to the eye. We had gone before, of course, but the garden was far more magical on that day. Colors flooded our eyes and we smiled at each other…,” said the king.
“And kissed passionately until reaching our hands toward the vines once again to reveal our destiny?”
“Ah yes!” exclaimed the king a bit sarcastically, “Your tender hand on top of mine reached out toward the vines we had only heard in stories. You looked at me a little frightened, but determined, as our hands went into the vines for our destiny to be revealed.”
“The Rings of Immortalitatis,” replied the queen, smiling while beholding the purple jewel glittering with every movement the soft hand made.
“Then why is it that you are crumbling like a leaf that has fallen from beneath the heavens, my dear?” the king questioned with a slight anger in his voice.
“To give life to your roots,” answered Angelus, her eyes narrowing.
“I do not quite understand,” replied Fortis.
“Everyone’s time has to end at some point,” said the queen while the color in her eyes diminished in vibrancy. She looked away from her husband, hiding her emotions, “Mine is coming to an end.”
“But the ring…”
“You believe every magical misconception you hear? I thought I had married a wiser fool!” she snickered, “Every magical element has a secret, which is the true magic.”
“How else can you be said to live immortally!” exclaimed the king, slamming the hilt of his golden blade to the ground with his right hand while tightening his grip on Angelus’s hand. The sudden noise frightened Angelus which was clearly shown as she widened her eyes in anger.
“Must you be so preposterous?” shouted the queen, “That you cannot distinguish reality from what you wish to be truth? Fortis, you will always be mine, and I yours. Let your hand float in the air and let all that once was to be left for Mother Nature to decide. I love you dearly, but realize how much pain has wrapped around your heart. Magic has its own ways of working; I am certain I live further, but in a different manner. While it will be difficult to deal with the situation, promise me you won’t lose hope; losing hope in yourself is losing hope for me.”
“But love, there must be a way,” said the king reassuringly, “The vines will help us.”
“What the vines help with is what they also take away,” said the queen, “Trust me with this.”
The king turned away, his red cape floating in midair as he fled down the stairs. He left his wife’s outreaching hand. The king’s eyes narrowed in a deep frown as he quickly stepped off the last step, deliberately pounding hard onto the shiny marble white floor. It reflected the sadness in his eyes as he stared at the ground thinking, believing, and lying to himself. Thoughts floated in his mind, conflicting each other as if at war.
The king ran at a fast pace, pushing aside his servants from in front of him. Pushing the door to the courtyard, he ran past the long stairway that wrapped along the small pond outside. Two-headed blue frogs with radiant orange eyes stared at the king before them with questioning looks. The king turned away from the frog’s view as he headed to the Garden of Enchantment. He stared at the tall walls, the Vines of Fatum. He took off his long red cape and laid it on the silver ground as he walked slowly to the vines. He pulled his head first and then his whole body into the vines. The vines opened a space big enough for the king to enter as the vines formed around his body, enclosing him from reality.
The sky was slightly visible as flowers and vines spread from one corner to the next. The king stared at the ground for a moment remembering the times before the present. He remembered the very day he had stared at the vines, not knowing whether to enter and follow his own form of curiosity. He had stared long enough to become bored of the thought until a beautiful girl had approached him from behind. The girl had been what others would regard as a goddess. Her eyes were a captivating dark purple. Her long black hair had spirals that wrapped around the softness of her skin. She had crossed her arms, the king remembered, waiting for him to enter the unimaginable.
“I haven’t been this uninterested since the observance of those draconisflies missing their prey at the pond,” she had snickered while looking above the trees, “It really was the boringness of things; if I had been blessed enough to become a draconisfly, I would have crept up slowly to those snickering insects. Then I would have grabbed onto those skinny necks to honor my family.”
The boy had only stared at the girl as she had twirled her black hair between her fingers. She had smiled, revealing teeth deep in white color. Stopping the movement of her finger, she had frowned at the boy. The girl had a simple white dress, matching the light complexion of her slender legs. She had twirled her right leg back and forth in a slow manner, waiting for the boy to respond. After biting her lip, she had said, “Why don’t you go past the Vines of Fatum? Only a true hero would do so.”
The boy had continued staring at the girl as a thick clear slob ran past his lower lip and along his black clothing. He had stared past the girl, toward the ocean, watching the waves spring up from afar. The girl had looked behind, smiling malevolently before returning her eyes towards the boy who was now only a memory. “Where are you? I don’t like games you know!” she had yelled sweetly. Holding the sides of her white dress, she had walked towards the vines, determined to break the laws of Mother Nature. Her whitish figure had soon disappeared into what was behind the walls and into what was named The Garden of Enchantment.
She had looked around, not knowing where she was, how she had gotten there, and where the boy was hiding. The atmosphere was much different from the outside world, as if it were a time capsule of a different dimension. Every step she took produced a bare spot on the ground, only to be replaced with a new creation of flowers. She had felt a tickle in her arm but left it unnoticed. “I’m right here. You know, I have never been so uninterested since the waves crashing against those huge rocks only to have the rock stand still as it has for centuries,” the small boy had spoken.
The girl had smiled annoyingly while sticking out her perfect pink tongue. Her eyes, however, widened when the boy approached her. “I didn’t know you could talk, much less treat a girl with some respect,” she had stated. She had smiled as the boy bestowed a perfect praesenscrepitus flower in her hand. The long light blue stem, bordered with several toroid shaped leaves, lead to a dark purple flower the size of a dish bowel fit for the king himself. Melon-shaped, at the tip of the flower was a blue bow. The girl had carefully pulled on the limp string as the petals opened outwards to present a long red anther in the center of a yellow cup-shaped stigma.
The girl had stared in wonder at the new discovery, something she had not seen in her first ten years of life. She lowered her small nose and smelled each thin triangular-shaped petal until they seemingly wilted. “Look what you did!” the boy had yelled in anger.
The girl, startled, had stared at the flower until the tiny yellow stigma produced a dark blue color. The blue color filled the cup until falling like a fountain to fill the rest of the flower. “What is this? Is this a trick?” questioned the girl while stomping her right foot onto the ground. If the boy had anything to do with a mischievous plan, he was succeeding in acting the opposite. He had stared at the flower in bewilderment, getting closer to the girl until holding the stem with her. The flower was covered by a blue fire. The boy had slowly put his finger into the blue essence and unbelievably did not get burned. “My name is Angelus by the way,” she had said. She had walked quickly towards the vines and disappeared, leaving the boy with an awed stare.
He had seen the blood drip from her arm. It had dropped to the ground, several drops at a time. And she had not noticed. She had clumsily scraped her left arm against the spikes of an unnoticed vine. The sharp thorn had easily dug into the surface of her skin, leaving her with a cut an inch long where blood had easily slipped out. Once she had held the flower, her scar had slowly disappeared, leaving her as beautiful as she had been.
Remembering these events kept the king determined as he stepped along the Vines of Fatum. He quickly searched for the praesenscrepitus flower in despair. The flower, however, was nowhere to be found, as if it was chosen not to exist.
The king fell to the ground at a kneeled position, covering his eyes with his hands as he cried in despair. He frowned, not knowing what to do. He stretched his long arms until they touched the roots of the Vines of Fatum. The King, remembering the vine’s gift of destiny, quickly stood up and held out one hand. He stared at it for a while before abandoning it to the slimy wall. At first his hands only grasped slimy cords of life, nothing beneficial for his wife’s situation. Until, yes, he finally felt something deep inside the wall. A thin stem had followed its way to his hand. But this was not a blue stem, nor did it have the same form of leaves. This stem, silver and strong, was much like a metal. As if believing the vines had made a mistake, the king quickly pushed the stem back into the wall and searched once more. However, like a magnet to the king’s hand, the stem was guided once again towards the king’s palm.
In dismay, the king understood his queen’s fate. On the tip of the stem stood a dark red rose. He had understood its meaning long before he had seen the stem. He felt the cold, stiff stalk. He knew what to do as he returned to the palace.
Passing the boulders that guided several botanic garden paths, the king ran towards the stairs leading inside the palace. He quickly ran past the painting of newly founded lands and heroic figures that were already not seen as meaningful as in the past. The king walked faster, quicker, until reaching the first step of the swirling staircase.
Each step was merely touched as the king raced to the doorway and forced the entryway open. The queen was asleep; her long eyelashes stretched out before her closed eyes. Even when she was asleep she looked beautiful thought the king as he stared at her. He walked slowly and quietly to her death bed. The king did not want anyone near. He wanted to be alone with the part of his life that meant the most.
Gently, the king spread his fingers through the queen’s black hair until she slowly opened her eyes and smiled. The deep profound smile made the king’s lips spread wider despite the tears running down his beard. The queen’s eyes narrowed and her lips tightened as she comprehended the king’s actions. The Rose of Alterius Vitae was held in his hand. She knew he had gone to the Vines of Fatum which had pronounced his destiny. His destiny was to separate her body and soul so one would never need the other.
The king smiled reassuringly. “Are you truly sure about this?” asked the queen sternly. The king caressed her hand and kissed it.
“It is your destiny, my love. I finally understand magic. The ring you have does in fact give immortality, but in a different form. The question is if you are willing to go through this?”
“I am not sure,” she said as a tear dripped down her cheek and her eyes formed a steady frown, “What about the twins and you if I must be only a spirit that drifts through the hallways of the castle?”
“We will all be fine. It is not as if you will never see them. In fact, when you take the juice of the Rose of Alterius Vitae, you will become a powerful spirit that will protect our land.”
“I find it to be true. I shall take it while I am still alive and separate body from soul, soul from body, and give life to a new era.”
Standing up, the queen snatched the rose and lifted it up to the heavens. She took a deep breath and drank the juice of the dark red rose that swiveled beneath the petals. At first nothing seemed to happen. The queen smiled awkwardly. “I guess my destiny was overly questioned,” the queen laughed. The king smiled at her remark.
The darkened rose quickly shriveled up, until the dried dark petals dropped to the ground, revealing a large purple seed the size of a grape. Once the last petal dropped, so did the queen. She was clinging onto dear life as the petal had. The king reacted quickly; he dropped to his knees as the queen gently landed onto his arms. The king, believing his queen was now separated from her body, was astonished when he heard the queen gently breathe. His head was atop her shoulder. Quickly, he stared at the now opened eyes that pierced his heart with not sadness, but joy.
“Don’t you know the rules of this magic you hold in your hands?” asked a confused Angelus, petrified by the king’s stare. She had thought the rose was one of spirit, not of seed.
“But I do, I couldn’t bear the thought of losing you part way, but it was the only way to save you. Were you not supposed to separate from your beautiful body?” asked Fortis.
“Was there anything you actually learned about magic from our most beloved instructors?” asked the queen sternly, “This rose provides the separation of body and soul. You are correct in that sense. But until that seed grows, I will always be by your side.”
“But when will the seed grow?” the king asked, slightly startled.
“Like any other seed grows, of course, with a tiniest drop of water. Then, as long as the rose is alive, my soul will also be alive. My body will be separated from the body as the rose inside the seed separates from its domain. That seed is essentially my life.”
“And the stem?” asked Fortis, staring at the thin silver pole in his hand.
“That’s a very valuable item. Hide it well. It allows you to view spirits in their awakened form. It must be useful or else the Vines of Fatum would not have transformed the anatomy of the rose to also contain this wand.”
The king gently removed the seed from the stem and placed it in a safe box. “What shall I do with the seed?”
“Guard it with your life.”
The king knew what he now carried was the life of his queen. He knew only one person that would know how to protect the large purple seed. Only Sapientem was wise enough to formulate a plan to make certain the seed was always guarded well from waters way. His land had banned magic several years ago, making certain that magic did not prevail in destruction. He would have to travel to Sapientem’s palace.
“I must then go to Sapientem,” stated Fortis.
“Oddly, I feel you should not go to where he resonates. Several beasts have been seen as only shadows roaming the skies,” answered the queen.
“It’s a risk I am willing to take,” said the king, “For you.”
“But your daughters, they merely had only a minute enough to call you their father.”
“But without their mother, life would be unworthy to exist; I have made up my mind. I shall go toward the path to visit Sapientem.”
“Must he live so far? After all, you two are friends. Cannot you speak to him through the Rocks of Praevidentia?” asked the queen.
“Of course not! That is preposterous. Blasphemy. My brother’s followers may be over watching every movement I take. I cannot take any risks of others knowing of my leaving. It would endanger yourself and the land.”
“Your brother is nothing but an image you still fear. Take with you your most honored men, and may the Sky King bless you on the way,” stated the queen softly.
The king kissed her hand gently and left his queen against the white moss, able to see her red figure at a distance before the spiral staircase descended to the foreground.



Chapter 3

A Word of Magic


Two disregarded armed men stood on the sides of the last step of the staircase, both of whom wore golden helmets, an unnoticed belt of useful weaponry, and an odd shield. They each wore a long red cape that extended from the shoulder to a centimeter above the ground. They stood tall and still, despite the king’s steady stare upon them. The armed men looked straight ahead at the small fountain of water that sprang a few feet away from the staircase, as if in a trance. The color of the water changed in accordance to the temperature. At that instant the water changed to a bright red color due to the temperature being close enough to cold, but warm enough to not be considered freezing.
The king overlooked them before responding. “You are my two most honored men. Would you accompany me to the residence of Sapientem?”
The armed men continued staring at the fountain as if ignoring the king. The king pierced his lower lip before remembering to state a line of secrecy. “Regelo!” his voice echoed.
At once the armed men’s eyes blinked a couple of times until readjusting to the bright environment. The king quickly restated his intentions.
“For the king and with the king I shall go,” stated the man on the left side whose name was Invicta. He had long brown hair that curved to a few centimeters above his eyes. He had piercing dark green eyes beneath the bushy brown eyebrows. His shoulders were broad and he had devoted several years for a chiseled back.
“As those beside me go for justice, so shall I,” stated the man on the right side whose name was Magni. This man had short blondish hair, in a sort of fohawk, with a hint of brown. His eyes were a mystifying blue color that trapped the viewer in a gaze. The man’s body was much like the man beside him, except his arms were seen as more protruding, the veins visibly standing out.
“Very well then,” stated the king, “We will need the ship to be ready before our departure.”
“Which ship should we take? Which do you feel more confident, in the waters or the sky?” questioned Invicta.
“Sapientem’s residence lies high above the sea. I believe the wisest decision would be to go with the winds,” replied Fortis.
The two men walked off toward the direction of the roof in which the ship of the skies was patiently waiting their departure. The king stood in front of the stairs blessing his wife secretly. He walked towards the room in which the twins had been gently laid. The king went up to the statue that guarded the doorway. The statue of a faun retrieved his illuminating sword until realizing that it was in fact the king. Carefully he bent down his head in respect, stating his apologies. “I am quite sorry, my king. Only protecting the twins,” the faun stated in a whisper.
In acknowledgement, the king touched the head in between the horns of the faun and continued his way toward the door. He grasped the handle of the door until the metal engravings separated to make a passageway for the king.
The room was a bright white color that made the king blink rather quickly for the first few seconds of appearing in the room. A spirit of a flower tree formed in front of the king. The rich orange color seemed similar to the warmth the sun provided. These small but detailed flowers floated into the air to form the body of a slender woman. Her hair moved with every motion of the wind, seemingly like the flames of a fire.
“I am grateful for your protection Flos,” said the king while bowing down.
“The pleasure is all mine,” replied Flos as she placed her hand on her hip.
“It is unfortunate that I will have to leave for some time for important matters,” informed the king. He looked straight into the flowers that formed the eyes of the tree spirit.
“It is a sacrifice that is needed for the continuation of the greatness the land has already provided us,” reassured Flos.
The king sadly asserted by nodding. He stared at the two twins that were both asleep on small clouds that hovered only three feet above the ground. The girl on the left contained the piercing blue eyes, while the girl on the right contained the dark purple eyes. The girls could not be told apart with their eyes now closed. They both slept on their backs with a soothing facial expression. Their skin was smooth and moisturized, more than the clouds that contained these jewels. Only small strands of hair, no more than 5 inches long, covered the king’s daughters’ scalp. The king bent down to both his daughters and kissed them on their moist foreheads, leaving a small amount of watery substance from his moistened lips.
Flos frowned in pity, shaking her head as if understanding the king’s feelings. She smiled reassuringly as the king looked up to her with saddened eyes, clouded with tears that were already starting to form. The king, however, stood up firm and tall, rejuvenating his strong self. He touched the hilt of his sword, making sure he was armored and stepped outside of the majestic doorway without looking back. The doorway quickly closed behind him.
The king did not know what items were needed in such a journey. He had gone to Sapientem’s palace before with ten soldiers in his company. The king had not questioned the protection of himself or those alongside him. The situation had changed since he now had a task that would greatly jeopardize the queen’s life. With only two of his most trusted men, the king needed more items for the dangers the journey may have in store for them. He went towards the Hominem de Magicis, the Man of Magic.
The man was often thought of as strange and peculiar. He was rarely seen away from his study, and was hardly even known. His long white beard stretched long and far, around 4 feet in length. The long strands of white hair that made up the beard had a peculiar color to it. A slight tone of silver was deeply wrapped around the strands of white, sometimes producing a magical dust. A long white mustache stretched around his lips three inches in length. The man was said to have a truly saddening story about his family who have long been forgotten. If one was ever lucky to see the Hominem de Magicis, it was the king. The Man of Magic had been a family friend for centuries.
The king entered quietly into the study of the Man of Magic, careful not to disturb the man from his magic studies. The man, however, already knew of the king’s presence. The Man of Magic continued with his experiments nevertheless.
“It is an honor to serve you in whatever it is that you need on your journey,” stated the man without the questioning of the king. The man had traded his sight to the King of the Sky in return for glimpses of what the future could become. Consequently, his pupils were removed and all that lay were cloudy white pearls. Due to this, the man was able to have a stronger sense of his surroundings. The man searched on his desk until reaching a flat blue shell, much like a plate, that held a light purple powder. The man grabbed not more than a pinch of purple sand and flung it into the air in front of the king. The tiny speckles of purple sand floated into the air as if caught in a web.
“Ah, now I could see you,” the Man of Magic asserted while looking from the kings feet up towards the top of his blonde head, “What is it that you need? I only have a few minutes before my vision only becomes a picture in my mind.”
“That is why I came to you Magicalis,” answered the king, “As perhaps you might have already known, a task has been recently brought to my attention which has now resulted in my journey to Sapientem. What items would you find essential for my survival?”
“How did you come to find out you might crash that silly ship of yours?” asked Magicalis as his voice crackled.
“I didn’t,” replied the king, “Are there to be disastrous events while I am away?”
“It is most fortunate you have come to me,” reassured the Man of Magic, “My visions of the future all point to an unfortunate event that involves the crashing of a ship whether it be by wind or by sea. However, it is to my greatest extent to assure you that there will be no losses, only gains.”
“Very well then, my destiny is upon the Sky King’s hands,” stated the king.
“Why do you believe in such nonsense? All through your family’s generations that Sky King has appeared in your minds. It is just a story Fortis! I strain to tell you this each time, only to be received with a saddened look. But do you ever change in your beliefs? Have you ever thought of changing? Of course not! You rely on your faith in something so little as a book of legends,” yelled Magicalis with a sudden rage seen even in his cloudy eyes. He pounded his desk with every remark he made. His eyes, despite the blankness, became a mystifying green color horrid in appearance.
The king, regaining his authority, yelled back in a dominating manner stating, “It is no secret that you have become a hypocrite in your own beliefs that had shaped your family! Ever since the unfortunate events that occurred with the passing of your family, your heart has been ripped from your body and soul, only to be against what you had once believed! Is it not the King of the Sky that gave you the capability of the future in your hands?” The king’s face was swollen with anger. His eyes were also narrowed, but in no way did they show signs of a demonic appearance.
“I see this is not going anywhere,” stated the elder in sadness. His eyes were now their original white color, “It is true, my friend, I did once believe in such stories. It had truly filled my life with happiness.” The man looked towards the ground in pity, forming a deep frown in thought, “But I was given bones for bones. That, Fortis, is what changed me. That imaginative figure you hold in your heart never gave me the visions of the future. You people find any little miracle or wonder, right away giving credit to the ‘Sky King’”
“Whether we are believers or not, we still must live on this land,” stated the king, “I have to leave soon. Is there anything you would offer me? Otherwise, I shall be leaving.” The king began walking away from the study, not believing the elderly man wished to bestow him a gift after the brief argument.
“Do not step out! I will not let you leave without trying my new inventions that I have recently composed. I will give you useful guidance. After all, this journey is not going to be like any other, this is the starting of a new chapter for this land. First of all, I encourage you to also have Sicarius in your company. She is part vampire, you know,” said the Man of Magic.
The king turned towards Magicalis, glad to have the help. “Are you only attempting to have my blood sucked from within me?” responded the king in a sarcastic manner.
“I’m serious!” Magicalis said opening his eyes wide, “You should surely take her. Oh do I have something for you. Remember when I tried creating a replica of the stone of fire and ice? Those didn’t turn out too good, but I finally created a sword I’m sure you will be fascinated with,” said the Man of Magic after throwing another pinch of purple powder into the air. The man went towards the wardrobe that was beside the desk. He opened it carefully, quickly looking back at the king in mystery before taking out a long thin silver case, primarily made with the silver of the trees. Magicalis opened the case, revealing a long sharp sword, shining in every angle. “This sword, my king, enables the user to petrify his enemies.”
The king carefully studied the weapon of petrification. The jewels, orange, red, and yellow, gleamed in mysterious ways on the black hilt. Strange engraved designs wrapped the jewels like a tight net. He could clearly see his reflection on the spade, a dignifying stare with signs of suffering. The king quickly looked away from the sword and nodded in compliment.
“This sword, I have named Torpesco,” said Magicalis, “I have much to show you. Although I have not yet mastered a creation of invisibility to last infinity of times, I have formulated a pill that allows the user to become invisible for a short amount of time. See, it changes the appearance of the skin to match that of the background. Two other seeds have also been experimented to produce a tree of life and a fountain of water if it is needed for your survival. The only drawback to this is the need to sacrifice, primarily a drop of blood. Lastly, a ring has finally been capable enough to allow quickness to the user as long as the user has enough energy for extreme circumstances.”
Magicalis decided to throw another pinch of purple into the air before showing the king his inventions. Magicalis took out a small wooden box from the wardrobe. The box, a radiant orange in appearance, had an engraving of a snow creature, much like a cat, which switched sides as fast as its speed allowed. “Velocitatem,” the Man of Magic whispered before blowing onto the wooden box. A series of noises were heard inside the box until it opened ever so slowly and quietly, revealing a floating ring sparkling in the light. Unlike other rings, this ring contained a small gap in the middle with engravings of wings. The ring had a golden tone to it on the edges of the dull orange jewel. The middle of the ring bore a sparkly orange pendant, a world of its own, much like fire.
“Remarkable!” exclaimed the king, widening his eyes and capturing the true energy the ring bore, “May I?” The king motioned to the ring, his eyes looking anxiously at Magicalis.
“I intend for this Ring of Velocitatem to be worn by Sicarius due to her flexibility in combat,” Magicalis stated strictly, “However, I’m sure it wouldn’t cause any harm to be worn for the time being.”
The king eagerly placed his pointer finger in the middle of the ring. The sight was quite magical until the ring had no appearance of functioning.
“My king, why do you believe the ring finger was made?”
“For the ring? Is this supposed to be some sort of humor?” asked Fortis.
“Of course not, the ring finger has the true power in the hand. A vein not visible to the eye runs from the finger to the heart. The ring has been experimented to contain the gene that produces the swiftness of the celeri creatures that run through that exact vein. The impulses cause the nervous system to react to the swiftness of the celeri,” explained the Man of Magic.
Fortis took off the ring that had been connected to his body for hundreds of years. While holding his wedding ring in the other hand, Fortis slowly brought his left ring finger into the Ring of Velocitatem. The ring tightened along the king’s protruded finger before relaxing the pressure. The ring felt cold around the warm finger as a sudden impulse seemed to travel around the king’s body, strengthening his nervous system. A slight orange glow came from the orange pendant as the king suddenly felt rejuvenated.
While examining the new creation, the king suddenly felt an awkward sensation. His vision enhanced as he spotted a glimpse of black from the corner of his eye. The king turned swiftly to his side and grabbed a cane that was leaning against the brown wall. The cane was ordinary in a manner, bronze in appearance. Fortis grabbed both ends of the cane, swiftly positioning it in a horizontal manner to defend himself. Fortis stared in bewilderment at two blank eyes blazing at him. Magicalis’s smile broadened in content.
“You would have been a mighty statue, my king. It’s never too early,” snickered Magicalis as he put the sword back into its case.
“With the power this ring contains, you are lucky I did not grab the sword from beneath you and struck it until it pierced your heart as my mind suggested,” the king stated in a serious manner until finally smiling about the recent incident. The king bent over and placed the ring back in its floating place.
“Well stated my friend. This ring is one of my powerful creations, that and the sword Torpesco. Use them wisely,” advised Magicalis before pinching another bit of purple powder into the air.
“I will. I often wonder Magicalis, what is it that the powder contains that makes you able to see?” Fortis questioned.
“The small purple crystals float in the air for some time. In the process, the crystals react to the oxygen, producing the color of the background. These colors are then reflected to my eyes. It is the only substance I can see!”
“How extravagant. You have truly defined what nature had intended to be,” asserted the king.
“Are you kidding? I am the ruler of nature. Let’s leave it at that,” smirked the Man of Magic as he bowed in front of the king, lifting up his cloak slightly in the process.
The king touched Magicalis’s shoulder in acknowledgement. “Of course, you have proved it time after time,” said King Fortis.
“If there is anything else, the king pleases, let him ask and it shall be given,” stated the Man of Magic.
“There is one thing actually,” said the king, “I am in need of a waterproof safe.”
“In fact I have just the thing. Everything I make serves a purpose even if I store it in a corner hidden from my vision. Essentially everything is hidden from me,” laughed Magicalis as he once again took a dash of purple powder. However, he did not throw it all at once.
Walking around the room and touching the objects around him, he finally threw the powder in the air in front of the golden brick wall along a fireplace. The fire blazed with purple and blue flames that seemed to wrap around the bricks. “Revelare,” croaked Magicalis softly as the bricks behind the flames started forming an arch. The bricks split through the middle as each brick moved toward the sides in a jagged manner. Slowly, a wide tunnel began to appear from behind the flaring flames.
“Servus, come at once. I am in need of the Cistam of Enchantment,” Magicalis stated in a deep tone as his voice echoed through the bricked tunnel. For a few minutes it might have seemed as if Magicalis was only yelling into the tunnel without recognition of his own words.
Unexpectedly a grey cloud formed at the feet of the Man of Magic. As the smoke invisibly disappeared, a tiny figure visibly stood at its master’s feet. The figure was bluish in appearance. Its feet were large compared to its body. The face was much like an inhabitant’s except for the long extended ears, oval shaped head, and a nose that seemed oddly swollen. The slight version of a goblin presented his master with a glossy white box, slightly clear in appearance.
“Go off,” stated Magicalis as he motioned his hand away. Servus disappeared once again, leaving a grey cloud of smoke behind. Once the smoke cleared away, the flames were visible once again. Magicalis turned away from the fireplace and walked toward Fortis, bearing a chest within his arms.
“This treasure box is not like any other. This one was made from the horn of a unicorn. Much like the Vines of Fatum, this box is capable of reconstructing itself as to not be damaged. I’m sure you will find your items, whatever they may be, to be safely hidden in here during your journey. I must state, however, that the box will disintegrate with time. The box will only open if it is needed to do so,” said Magicalis.
“I don’t quite understand,” stated the king slightly perplexed, “How will the box open?”
“Do not worry, the box will know when the time is truly essential,” the Man of Magic answered. Magicalis searched underneath his desk until feeling a velvet bag. He carefully placed each of his inventions into it in a silent manner. “Claudere,” he shouted, and the bag slowly began to shrink small enough to be retained in one’s pocket.
“My time to leave has long surpassed. I must start my long journey,” stated the king.
“Your journey will be like no other. It will not be easy. The land as you once knew has yet to be revealed. Glimpses can be seen from the air, but it is much more dramatic by foot. Why couldn’t you speak to Sapientem through the Mirror of Reflexio?” questioned Magicalis, “I have glimpses of the future but are all too unclear.”
“I cannot risk the importance of my task. There are others beside you that may be able to interfere in my conversation with Sapientem. His castle is the only one that is able to bypass those with magic,” replied Fortis.
“I understand the situation; everything that has ever happened has happened for a reason,” stated the Man of Magic, “Be gone.” With that, Magicalis threw a pinch of white powder into the air. The elderly man that was once in front of the king dissolved until he was seen no more. The king quickly opened the treasure box and put the seed gently against the interior of the glossy figure. Quickly, like the ring, the seed intact with the stem floated into the air in its steady place. The king walked out of the room, shutting the chest with its remains tightly closed inside. A series of mechanical noises echoed in the box’s hollow inside until a click was sounded. The king attempted opening the box once more, a useless gesture.
The king raced to the Mirror of Reflexio that was in the west wing of the palace. Once arriving, the king observed his surroundings. The room was rather small with only some neatly cleaned desks in which paper and feathers were neatly stacked atop each other. With a certain phrase, the pen would float in the air, dip itself in the pitch black ink, and write the message intended by the user. The room contained a fireplace much like the one in the study of Magicalis, but this one contained vibrant green and yellow flames. On top of the mantle stood a mirror with golden edging in the form of the flames of fire.
“Apparere,” shouted the king. The edging around the six foot mirror sprang to life with yellow and green flames moving wildly around it. However, the walls in which the mirror laid upon were not destroyed by the fingers of the fire. The sudden green glow reflected onto the king’s wise face that was once a warm color.
“Combatants ward!” shouted the king in a dignified manner. A face suddenly appeared on the mirror, the green flames intensifying the man’s facial features. The man had emerald green eyes, matching the color of the waving flames. His face was clearly strong and his thick dark blonde eyebrows stayed in their dominant position. The man’s nose was slightly large, but nonetheless suitable with the piercing stare the eyes produced. All in all the man was young but strong.
“How may I, Fefellere, please my king?” questioned the young man.
“I am in search of Sicarius,” stated Fortis. The king had only heard stories about the great woman assassin and had only congratulated her once before she was off onto another quest.
“I will call upon her,” said the man, “You are in luck, she has returned from the Mountains of Tonitrui.” The young face of the man was suddenly transformed to that of a woman–the face of Sicarius illuminated the reflection of the mirror. Sicarius was attractive in her own way. Her hair was short compared to that of Angelus, although it was the same pitch black color. She wore spiral cone-shaped earrings which gleamed in a silver tone. She formed a crooked smile that was smothered with a dark red lipstick. Her eyes were what struck out the most, being a dark blue in color as they seemed to stare malevolently into the soul of the king. The eyebrows, long and thin, emphasized the questioning stare of malice on her pale face. She in fact, had the appearance of a living demon, a vampire, an assassin. As if waiting for the king to respond, Sicarius narrowed her eyes without the slightest movement or blink.
“Sicarius, I am in need of you,” stated the king after a long period of silence.
“As you request, I will be there shortly,” responded Sicarius. Her voice was husky and slightly scratchy, but nevertheless dominatingly pleasing to the ear.
The fire’s green and yellow flames grew brighter and thicker. Green smoke started forming until the flames were only slightly visible. The king squinted in front of the cloud that now illuminated the perplexing flames the fireplace contained. The flames were not the only thing visible in the fireplace once the cloud of smoke cleared out. The dark outline of a figure could be remotely seen through the green conflagrations. The figure approached the king. Every step that reflected onto the white stone made a noise. Nevertheless, the loud noise that filled the small room in an echo did not startle the king. The king stood up tall and bold, staring with a strong and questioning look only to see the reflection of Sicarius. The fireplace was not a portal, however, only a passageway from the ward.
“I am Sicarius, I believe we have met in person. Pardon my urgency in other matters during the tributes made to me,” Sicarius stated abruptly as she walked swiftly toward the king. Instead of stopping in front of him, she continued walking toward the entrance of the room. She slowly brushed the small amount of green ashes atop her shoulder. As she passed the king, a small amount of air brushed around him in chilliness.
“I am glad for your arrival despite the late urgency,” stated the king. He followed behind the steady quick pace of Sicarius, The woman was young in appearance. She wore a black armory around her shoulders that spiraled in a smooth texture along her arms. A purple vest covered her chest and silver and black necklaces framed her pale neck.
“Of course. I am always up for a challenge. I do hope this journey proves worthy enough,” Sicarius replied while rolling her eyes despite the fact that the king could not see her negative behavior.
The king followed Sicarius to the stairs leading to the roof of the palace. Each step was a regret of agony the journey would provide. The king was certain it would not fail in piercing his heart. It was a journey that would have gone through nevertheless. The sky was a deep purple in color and the wind seemed to have calmed down for the moment.



Chapter 4

To the skies


The king’s two most trusted men had already prepared the gigantic ship that was now ready for departure. The ship was magnificent, one that showed a power great enough to be ridden with the winds in the deep purple skies that were presently found in such a land. The ship, several feet in height, had long blue sails that matched the metallic blue of the body. The sails were not ordinary squared in shape; in fact, their shape were much similar to the form of the wings of a dragon. Two sets of these wing-shaped sails extended on both sides of the ship.
Much to its form, the figure head in front of the ship beheld the form of a majestic and robust creature dominant in the skies in certain appalling ranges of the land— a dragon. The eyes of the dragon stretched out long and produced a stare into the deep ocean that was below the castle. Two long horns, about three feet long, protruded from the surface of the solid head of stone. The neck of the dragon had a considerable amount of detail, seemingly flourishing with life. The dark blue scales of the curved neck shined and reflected the flags on the castle’s roofs as if dominating the view, the presence, and above all, the skies.
The deck of the boat was wide enough for the four of them; the body of the dragon could be visibly seen on the sides of the solid ship, leading to a long tail at the end of the vessel that stretched out high. Many compartments and rooms were a few feet below the black boards that made up the deck and creaked with any slight movement. The group of four stared around the ship, making certain the ship was ready to be ridden in the skies as it was made to do so.
“Are we going to stand on the back of the dragon or are we actually going to ride the bloody thing?” asked Sicarius, “And by the way, congratulations on those twins of yours Fortis. If they turn against us, it will be the last time you will ever see them.” Sicarius turned her back on the king and walked toward the tail of the ship. Sicarius had a diamond ditcher dragger clutched in each hand. These sharp daggers took the form of curved bolts with the color of white silver. The daggers would seem like a laughing manner, but a laugh could and would potentially end in death.
Since the king was one of the few that had such a creative masterpiece in the skies, captains were not essential in such cases. “Auferet!” shouted the king. The metallic blue ship sailed not into the waves, but right above it, in the purple sky. The ship seemed identical to a fierce dragon of the heavens. The king walked towards the middle of the ship in which double doors in a dull black color lay. Fortis opened the two doors, delivering an eerie sound that echoed through the sides of the vessel. Many ships had been used to fly in the skies, but none of them had been made as special as the king’s personal ship. It was smaller than many of the battle ships at the defense of the land, but had a stench of magic through the cracks in the walls. A parchment lay on a table in the captain’s cabin, a parchment that contained powerful words—the key to a tranquil voyage.
Holding the parchment towards the light, the king easily whispered the magical words of the land, “Tempestas.” The crystal goblet that also lay on the table had the form of the dragon ship. A blue light wrapped around the chalice and filled the room with a colossal tornado. Tempted to avoid such extreme power his words had produced, the king took a step backwards, inching his way toward the entrance. The room had been dark due to the small windows that produced very little light. With the sudden elimination of such a strong blue in color, the king could clearly see that the walls that bordered the room also had the scaly appearance as the surface of the vessel. A small chandelier, made with the metallic horns of a true dragon, hung three feet above the king’s head. The light calmly reflected onto these horns, producing a small glow.
The vessel had been flying rather slowly, only reaching a mile away from the massive castle that guarded the small island. The castle was still visible at a long distance, which prompted the swiftness of the ship as if it were anchored onto such a building. The winds were steady and the wing-like sails moved slowly to the rhythm the breeze produced. “We should have ridden one of those war ships. This ship is slower than a dragonisfly,” shouted Sicarius while putting her hands around her hips. The hands were soft and pale, only streaks of dark red could be visibly seen on the sharp nails.
The ship suddenly started to shake, and the bluish tornado that had hypnotized the king in his position passed through him as it filled the deck of the vessel. “What is the meaning of this?” asked Magni aloud as the ship began swaying from side to side as if it were in the waters of the sea. The dark purple paddles, decorated with ancient symbols and used for the ships progress in the heavens, swayed frontwards and backwards as if a steady hand was guiding the ship forward.
The ship, still swaying from side to side in an agonizing manner, caused those on the ships to roll to the movement the ship produced. Hanging onto a durable net, Invicta struggled to hang on. Sicarius dug her diamond ditcher draggers into the black wood of the ship. The small blue sapphires on the sides of the white silver weapons became a steady blue glow on the surface. Magni had providentially grabbed onto one of the sails as he almost flew from the chaotic ship. The king steadily grabbed onto the sides of the doorway to the captain’s cabin, smiling in despair. A steady blue fog covered the ground of the ship, covering every object, every person, and every thing.
The extreme movement of the boat started to subside as the steady movement slowed down to a sway. Seemingly, the fog slowly and steadily drifted off into the sky. The outlines of those on the ship slowly started to become visible. A steady glow was clearly seen to dominate the surface of the vessel as the outlines of the true power of the ship appeared rather oddly. The outlines were seen as a steady blue glow; however, one could clearly see through the immortals. “I should have known, spirits,” said Sicarius in a disgusted manner. Her piercing dark eyes narrowed and her small pale nose wrinkled in contempt.
While the spirits were transparent, a steady blue glow followed their every movement. They rowed the purple metal paddles, producing a stable progress into the long excursion. Most of the spirits were older men, distinguished by the markings on their faces as well as the beards that were elevated by the calm breeze.
“The Warriors of the Lost Ark,” stated Magni in bewilderment, his eyes widening as he pushed away the leaves that prevented the enchanted sight from being seen.
“Oh it’s those people,” said Invicta while his frown turned into a facial expression of comprehension, “In order to hide the power the lost ark contained from the kings of the land, the warriors gave up the bodies that contained their souls.”
“I don’t understand. Why would they still serve the kings?” asked Magni.
“Prophecies state they serve the kings to pass on the power in the ark,” said Invicta, “The ark was only hidden for a time of need.”
Irritated, Sicarius walked towards the two men at a fast pace. Breaking the discussion, Sicarius disputed, “These are the same men that stole my father’s creation!”
The king, Fortis, stood at the doorway still amazed of the power that was created with the simple words from his mouth. It was no secret that he had already spoken words that produced a similar effect. However, every occurrence had a different meaning. He stared at the argument that had begun before him between Sicarius, Magni and Invicta. Despite the anger of Sicarius, her face did not have the least complexion of redness. Magni and Invicta were calm and spoke in a profound manner.
The king continued to stare at the spirits now guiding the ship in the direction of Sapientem’s royal castle. The expressions of the spirits did not have the slightest outlook of contempt on their faces; neither did they have a facial expression of happiness. Their faces were blank, producing an awkward stare upon the king and his designees.
The king unobtrusively approached his three companions despite the strong voices they produced. Sicarius looked at the king with hateful eyes, regretful of having agreed to join the expedition. “How could you? You know those men stole what was rightfully my father’s!” shouted Sicarius while pointing one of the diamond ditcher dragger towards the spirits in a threatening manner. A thin piece of black wood from the ship was on the tip of it while the blue sapphire continued glowing with the anger of the beholder.
“I did what was needed and essential. Those men have honored our land,” replied the king, ignoring the fact that a blade was inches from his sight.
Sicarius turned her back towards the king once again, facing the spirits. “These are not men, Fortis. These are villains, these are crooks, these are demons.” Magni silently snickered at the fact that Sicarius looked slightly demonic herself. Sicarius turned around vigorously, holding the side of the blade towards Magni’s neck. “Don’t think I didn’t hear that. Next time it will be me laughing at the sight of you limping before me,” said Sicarius serenely while her plump red lips formed a wicked smile. She loosened the tension on the blade against the resilient neck. Magni stood still and silent, careful not to swallow, for fear that his throat would bulge and be pierced by the knife’s steady edge.
“Calm yourself Sicarius. Are you much different than them?” questioned Invicta, “They are desperately needed.”
“No one tells me to stay tranquil, not even the king!” yelled Sicarius in disgust as she quickly looked at the king himself, “I have proven my loyalty for this land.”
“That you have. These men know what is right for the land as well. They are loyal and wise. They did not steal the ark. The ark was given by your father. But of course you already know that?” stated the king, slightly questioning his statement.
Sicarius formed deeper wrinkles around her face, “Given? That’s blasphemy! My father died in the ancient wars long before any of you were alive. He protected that ark as if it were greater than any staff, any rock, or any power.” Her anger seemed to burn her irritated body, yet it stood its stance before the others.
“You are right, he did protect that ark. Being who he was, the Vines of Fatum provided him with elements to produce such a power. He understood that power, Sicarius. He entrusted this power to these men to then be used in circumstances of need,” stated the king, “Your father is greatly honored in this land.”
Sicarius looked at the ground, uncertain of what to say. She tightened her dark lips before looking up at the king. “He was a great man. That I am certain,” she whispered more to herself than to the others. She turned away slowly and walked towards the front of the vessel, not wanting to remember raging memories.
Magni and Invicta stood side by side, staring at the ground with regret. The king walked towards the tail of the ship, peering down to the white clouds now blocking his view of what was down below. The palace could not be seen from afar, only hills and mountains were visible at such a distance. Feathered creatures seen from far away lifted their beating wings as they dived down below to be swallowed dismissively by the many clouds around them.
The ship, making traces in the clouds, cleared the sky from the clouds as a ship clears thin ice in the waters. The king finally realized he had not presented the manners at hand to those on the crew. He walked steadily toward Sicarius, not wanting to upset her further. Her elbows were positioned on the curb of the ship and her eyes stared at the lurking purple color of the waters in dismay.
“The waters are beautiful, are they not?” asked the king who stood at Sicarius’s side and stared several hundred feet below.
After a long silence Sicarius replied, “And dangerous.”
“Of course. A young woman once told me she enjoyed a challenge,” stated Fortis.
“That young woman has long awaited such an encounter,” replied Sicarius as she tilted her head in agreement, “I feel the presence of it already.” She smiled slowly as her eyes narrowed. “I have a feeling this voyage has more to do than meeting an old friend.”
“Your back is never turned from the matters at hand,” said the king looking up to the heavens, “I wish to speak to you all.”
“Very well,” said Sicarius, “Magni! Invicta! The king wishes to speak with us!” shouted Sicarius, proving her dignity once again.
The two men walked towards the king as he walked towards the captain’s cabin, waiting for all to enter. He closed the huge black doors behind him. “Revelare,” he recited, producing a bright glow above their heads. The room had no windows which meant there would not be any light besides the one coming from the chandelier. “Revelare” said the king once more. The scales of the dragon that covered the walls shook violently, producing a small amount of smoke to unveil itself. The edges of the scales were slowly engraved with a slight trace of red and orange colors of lava.
My lord, pardon my questioning, but what is the meaning of this?” asked Invicta, his green eyes glowing with the lava’s brightness.
“Wait to be enthralled!” shouted the king, forming a firm smile.
Now covered with the vibrant red and orange colors, the scales seemed to melt to the ground. However, the lava failed to gather into a mound. Instead, the lava disappeared when touching the dark wooden floor. The top of the wall was the first to reveal what was behind the blue scales of the vessel. Slowly, the entire wall of scales disappeared to the last drop of lava, revealing a long bright room with an extensive table for discussing important matters as the one at hand. Magni and Invicta seemed surprised while Sicarius rolled her eyes in contempt once more.
The table was a light green and seemed as if the stones that made up the elegant tabletop were moving like waves across the surface. The table had 14 chairs in total, six on each of the longest sides, and one at each end. The table top, the surface in which the participants put their arms upon, was a pure black with slight forms of spiraled white.
Unlike the room they had been in, this room was bright due to the many windows made of dark glass. A silver fireplace was positioned at the very end of the table, containing green flames that sprang up rapidly. The floor, an off-white, reflected the movement of the king and his followers as they took a seat on the chairs to the east side of the table. The back of the chair was ovalish, containing an admirable decoration of spiraled metal. The chair, like the table, was also made of the same green stone.
“I have much to say,” said the king as he sat in the chair at the end of the table, positioning his hands in a crossed position. His chair stood out more than the others, being a darker green in color and taking the form of a rectangle with three thick spikes at the tip.
Sicarius crossed her legs. Similarly, she crossed her arms on the table top. “Continue,” she spoke.
The king placed the metal chest on the surface of the table. “This box provides the meaning for this journey. A seed bearing the life of my dear queen is found inside. If a single drop of water lands on such a seed, it will be the end of life for the queen of the land.”
“I have failed to meet such a woman,” stated Sicarius silently, elevating her eyes and forming a crooked smile.
The king stared at the tabletop, not knowing what to say. Feeling a great guiltiness put upon him, he still felt there was more to this journey. His eyes glittered as he lifted his head and spoke wisely, “There is more to this expedition. We are all sure of such circumstances that are prone to happen in the future from the hints provided: the markings on the wall, the birth of the only twins this land has boar, and the visions of my dear friend Sapientem.”
Magni and Invicta seemed convinced as they stared at the king boldly, their eyes narrowing in assurance and loyalty. Sicarius, however, pierced her lip in disdain. Her eyes darkened in hatred as the king’s image reflected off of her penetrating eyes. “How can you continue feeding your daughters, only to find out that one of them will deceive you and the kingdom?” she questioned malevolently. A small glittery tear slid past her soft nose as her eyes became a questioning look.
“Because they are my daughters. I am weak in such circumstances,” the king replied slowly and quietly. He could not stand looking into the now innocent eyes of Sicarius. The king knew the vicious warrior before him had a valid argument.
Magni, now realizing the dispute at hand, stood up. “The king has always defended this land when in need! Let us do the same for him!” he shouted, now annoyed by Sicarius’s sudden anger. His robust arms spread across the front side of the table as the veins seemed to bulge out of the tan and firm skin. His neck stood out the most as it began to redden in bitterness and pulsate at a rapid rate. His forehead wrinkled in contempt as he lowered himself to be seated once more.
Sicarius frowned in disappointment. Her eyes showed the expression of sadness as she looked at Invicta for support. Invicta brushed away his long brown hair and stared back at Sicarius, shaking his head in disapproval. The anger she had produced due to the spirits had been one thing, but deceiving her king was another.
To break the silence, the king spoke once more. “This is a very unfortunate time for both our land and its inhabitants. I do not judge Sicarius for taking such actions. I should have brought the task to your attention much sooner. I have been selfish in my own terrible way. I will not force you to carry on with this voyage. However, Magicalis stated this will be the beginning of the issues our land will face in the near future, the turning point of our time as we used to know it.”
This time Invicta stood up. His cape was now a green color, matching to the surroundings. He and Magni had taken off most of their armory. “Do not apologize, my king. It is us that have not come to understand you,” he stated while taking a brief look at Sicarius, narrowing his eyes in distress, “I will surely stand by my majesty’s side as I have for centuries. Invicta held his upright position, having the golden armory around his body reflect the dazzling emerald flames to his side. The stunning armory, with several undulations, produced a vibrant shine, a glow in the already lighted atmosphere.
Without further delay, Magni stood up rapidly before the king. “My lord, do what you feel is right and I will not blame you. Do what is wrong and I will not judge you. I will stand by your side.”
Fortis acknowledged the young man’s faithfulness by putting his hand, containing the ring of immortalitatis, on his shoulder. “You have proven your allegiance as Invicta has.”
Magni stepped off the ground and approached his seat; he glared at Sicarius. There was a strong silence in the long room. Only the flames calmed the dead awkwardness that was produced.
“I have something to say if I must,” stated Sicarius while fiddling with her fingers. They became pink with such rapid movement. “While I am not sure of where this voyage will lead us and am not aware by what circumstances led me to behave so rudely, please excuse such utter behavior for I am part vampire. With that in mind, I realize my father would have done the same as you, my king. He would have saved the one of the few things that kept life in him, his daughter; even if in fact she was a beast.” With the last sentence she spoke, Sicarius pushed her chair backwards with ease and looked at the king’s dignified expression. She pulled out a diamond ditcher dragger and held it up in the air as the light coming from the windows reflected off of it, producing a powerful shine. “What would you do without me anyways? I will continue honoring this land as I always have.”
Similarly, Invicta and Magni took out their gold and silver swords towards the light, careful not to touch each other’s weapon for fear a scrape would turn the other’s sword to gold or silver. The swords contained the power to turn most things into gold or silver with a vital gash.
The king stood up, as well as whispered, “Crescere.” The small bag briskly transformed into the large velvet sack that it had once been in its original state. Carefully taking out the silver case that contained the sword of Torpesco, the king looked up at his companions mystifyingly. He opened the case, revealing the red, orange, and yellow stoned sword that brightened with the slightest touch. The blade contained engravings with ancient symbols, the history of the land. After studying the blade for more than a second, the king raised it up for all to admire it, also careful to not touch any of the swords, or his companions for that matter. “For the land we have fought for and continue to!” yelled the king, holding up his sword all the more.
The crowd’s eyes gleamed with renewed admiration and inspiration. “Elevare,” said all of them as the swords floated in the air one by one. Green colors reflected off the multiple colors of the swords’ surface, filling the darkened ceiling with light. The ceiling had a giant mural of a dragon, realistic to the eye and terrifying at heart.
After glaring up at a glorifying sight, the fighters reunited with their swords. Seeing that their king had repositioned himself on his seat, the others followed his movement. The chairs squeaked onto the shiny cream floor until settling down in a comfortable position. The king brought out the red velvet bag once again. While taking out some of the magical supplies Magicalis had supplied them with, he stated, “The sword in which I have lain in the case was given to me by Magicalis as all these supplies have. The sword has the capability to petrify most of what stands in its way; it is the Sword of Torpesco. We shall be grateful for such an ingenious man. I have much to show you.”
The king brought out several small vials containing seeds, and pills, and sand. Lastly, the king brought out a small wooden box in which the powerful Ring of Velocitatem floated. “This small wooden box is for you,” he stated while handing the small gift to Sicarius.
“Not to be rude my highness, but what exactly will a small wooden box do?” asked Sicarius, not comprehending that the box only contained what was waiting inside.
“It is not the outer features that determines one’s power, it is the power that determines one’s identity,” replied the king wisely.
Slow to comprehend the king’s wisdom, Sicarius carefully tried to open the box, etching her red nails into the grooves of the closed opening. “I do not know by what means, but this box does not open,” she said having her left eyebrow elevate above her left eye.
“Oh my, I do forget what the surreptitious wording was for the opening of such a small box,” stated the king while gazing up at the ceiling once again. The eyes of the dragon stared down below at him in a threating manner.
“Oh please try to remember, my king! Such matters are important or Magicalis would not have entrusted me with such a peculiar object.”
“Ah yes, ecce,” spoke the king, his smile widening deviously. He heard the words silently slip from Magicalis’s lips as he had shown him his creation.
The wooden box popped open after a series of mechanical noises were produced. Much like the king, Sicarius was mesmerized by the colors and form of the floating ring. She carefully put her ring finger through the ring until the golden wings of the enchanted object wrapped itself on the pale finger. At once, Sicarius felt a sudden energy pulsate through her soul. Her eyes brightened and her hair floated into the air for the time being. “My soul feels the energy and my body feels the rhythm,” spoke Sicarius as she extended her hand for all to see.
“It enables you to produce more energy, you will be many times quicker than you already are,” stated Fortis.
“Do we receive such a gift?” asked Magni jokingly, yet it was notable that he destined such an object.
“With that sword of yours, you two are almost invincible,” replied the king.
“Surprise us,” dared Invicta, motioning him to explain the meaning of the vials containing pills and seeds. Finally, a small parchment of paper was neatly folded and stood at the side of the provisions. “While I do remember most of the supplies given to me, I do not remember these golden pills,” stated Fortis as he extended his right index finger and pointed to the clear vile containing several golden pills with the engravings of knives. “I will explain what I know.”
The king grabbed the vile closest to Magni and held it in the air. The vile contained several green seeds with protruding spikes on the surface, much like a small sea urchin. “These,” stated the king, “are our salvations, our life, for it produces a tree of life.”
“Please do explain,” said Sicarius.
“With a drop of blood a tree will appear containing nourishment. That is all that I know. The more drops sacrificed a bigger a reward is gained,” replied the king. Fortis prudently pushed the crystal vile to the center of the table for all to admire. The vial looked mysterious with the black and white waves of the table seeming to encircle the flask.
Holding up another vile similarly in shape, the king said, “These are the seeds for the fountain of water.” The seeds had a similar shaped as the seeds of life. However, these seeds seemed a moist blue in color, opposite of the green seeds.
“Does blood need to be sacrificed as well?” asked Magni.
“A sacrifice is always necessary for life,” responded the king. He also pushed this vile across the table, next to the vile containing the green seeds. Next, he brought up the vile containing blue pills that seemed to be made out of liquid, for it was made in different textures, producing waves like the sea. “This pill,” the king stated, “allows us to stay invisible…”
“Enough said, my king! This is by far one of the most essential gifts for our survival if there are in fact enemies to erupt in our land. Such a pill has not been heard of, which makes it all the more valued,” said Invicta, smiling all the greater.
“That is true. However, this pill has something else in mind. It only allows invisibility for a moment, about five minutes,” retorted Fortis.
“Only five minutes?” questioned Magni in pity.
“A lot could be done in such little time,” said Sicarius while examining her ring, “After all, I do have the ring to essentially double our time.”
The king gave the vile to Magni to examine it further. Fortis examined the two flasks remaining, each containing the forms of pills and powder. Lifting one of the vials, he quickly placed it in its recent position and brought the parchment to his attention. Quickly reading the note Magicalis had written to him, he understood the meaning of such vials. “Each vial contains a different element. The pills that seem to be golden, the color of fresh blood, is in fact what it appears, fresh blood from the creatures known as Dolorem,” stated the king.
“Those creatures come from my birthplace,” stated Invicta, “I fought with them, I trained with them, and I killed them.”
“And that is why you are well known for your invincibility and valor,” said the king, “As you well know, these creatures are difficult to kill, for they too are invincible. If their thick armor is not enough to defend themselves, they cannot feel the tiniest drop of blood fall from their own bodies, let alone feel a knife piercing their chest as it sinks further in. They cannot feel the very presence of the knife, only see it. They feel no pain because they are pain.”
“Very well said,” stated Sicarius, repositioning herself on the seat and crossing her legs and arms in interest.
“Magicalis, as stated in this parchment I now hold, has created such a pill to allow our nervous system to act much the same way as the creatures Dolorem do. Meaning the somatic sensory area in our brains will be incapable of functioning for a given time,” said the king.
“The somatic what?” asked Sicarius while expressing her emotions with a frown.
“It’s the area that receives the impulses from the senses,” replied Invicta.
“And I should have known that why?” Sicarius questioned.
“You would not have known. Where I come from, these creatures were carefully studied,” Invicta answered. Sicarius seemed awestruck, but continued observing the king.
The king continued, “The blue pill allows one to walk upon the surface of the water for a given time.”
“These supplies will surely help us if there is to be a catastrophe in the land,” stated Magni.
“There is one thing I have not told you,” replied the king.
“And what is that?” questioned Sicarius, narrowing her eyes in deep concern. She straightened her back as she looked upon the king’s eyes for a quick answer.
“My heart is beating at the very thought, but this ship is to crash during our journey. This was in a vision of Magicalis. It is to happen. The crashing of the ship is the only way in which the secrets of the land will be brought to our attention,” whispered Fortis, as he fiddled with one of the vials.
“If it is to happen and it must, so be it,” shouted Invicta with a renewed pride. The others stood up and agreed.
“We have all learned a plethora during this journey, one of which has not even begun. I am glad to be so fortunate of a king to be provided with such acquaintances. Go sleep now, for tomorrow will be for all changeful,” ordered the king himself.
“You trick us, my king. Those stories of a race similar to our own are nothing but a simple tale in which such fragile creatures cannot compare to our advancement,” stated Sicarius laughing hysterically. Her eyes closed uncontrollably as she spoke.
“Such tales may be real, it is a legend we still face,” replied Fortis, showing no sign of deceiving his companions. He clapped three times while his companions stared at him in concern. The black and white waves on the tabletop showed images of variations of food springing up to the surface. Baskets of a variety of fruits, meats of all sorts, and goblets of divine drinks appeared before them.
“Help yourselves, do not believe I forgot to feed ourselves before such things are to transpire,” spoke the king, a smile spreading across his face as he chuckled in excitement.
“I was beginning to feel worried about my appetite,” stated Sicarius, grabbing an ocul from the basket of fruit. She quickly bit into the blue eye-shaped fruitlet slimy in appearance. It produced a dark red liquid that squirted out from beneath the thin skin that restricted such power. Small black seeds were contained, lining up in a star to form the middle.
“My blood throbs for it still has not been sucked from beneath me,” sneered the king in regret.
“Don’t you dare bring such a thing into the conversation!” shouted Sicarius in dismay, her eyebrows tightening in distrust. She calmed down with a proceeding bite of the gentle fruit, smiling in deception. “You know I hardly do such things, only if necessary,” she said, lifting up a golden goblet. The chalice was molded with leaves that sprang upwards to form the cup containing a rich red drink.
Invicta grabbed a small sea creature in the middle of a leafy garment. The creature was light purple with streaks of pink bordering its surface. The fish was long, having fins spiked in an odd appearance. A small thin white horn protruded from the surface of the fish, between the now closed eyes. Invicta took hold of one of his small daggers, piercing the head of the creature until sliding the blade vertically to separate the head from the tail. The fish was raw, yet tender. The warrior bit into the soft cold meat, sinking his sharp teeth until succeeding in biting a large piece off the fish.
Magni searched the surface of the table until eyeing a turtle shell on the other side, hidden from where he sat. He walked to the left side of the long table, tossing the small shell up in the air and catching it with his other hand. With the practice of the art of magic, before tossing the shell up once again, he took a drink from the goblet and breathed out a small flame of fire. The flame was green in color, similar to the flames dancing in the fireplace to the side. The flames floated into the air until catching onto the small shell. Just then, time seemed to stand still, but that was not the case. Fire met with shell and shell met with fire. The flames eagerly wrapped around the smoothness of the blue shell, having ripples form along the shiny surface.
The fire produced a small amount of smoke to come off the shell before returning to the hand of Magni. He slowly walked to his chair, placing the shell in the round plate that stood before him. The shell shriveled from the underbelly of the creature as if it were a blossom, revealing a dark blue meat, appetizing to the heart.
The king grabbed the nearest food source, a long leg with fur attached. The fur was thick and soft, with long black stripes spiraling the exterior in mysterious ways. The king took out a small but useful blade that was curved in a precise angle. With a steady hand, the king sliced the thick fur bordering the meat inside. The meat was red and appeared soft and mushy. The king produced a small wooden pipe from his pocket and blew on it towards the meat in front. A small amount of blue smoke puffed from the pipe and engulfed the leg before revealing the transformation. The leg turned into a strong pink color, appealing to the king as he bit into the soft surface. He chewed around the black bone that was only slightly visible.
As all finished eating their meals, the food disappeared once again into the table top where it had appeared just minutes ago. “Must the meals end so quickly?” questioned Invicta, as he finished his last bite.
“It must,” stated Magni blandly, “I challenge you to a fight.”
“Are you serious? This is a challenge I accept to face despite the amount of food I recently devoured,” acknowledged Invicta as he pushed the plate aside.
“Let us go to the deck where the spirits will act as a crowd to honor the victorious,” said Magni as he proceeded outwards.
“Please do not end up cutting each other’s heads, that’s my job,” stated Sicarius getting up as well, “I also accept this challenge.”
“It shall be as you say. Would you like to duel with us, my king?” questioned Invicta.
“I have other matters to face. Possibly another time,” replied the king sympathetically.



Chapter 5

Breaths of Fire


One by one the three left, leaving the king to admire the green flames in the fireplace. The footsteps were heard until they silently disappeared behind the scales that bordered the wall of the secret room aboard the ship. The spirits continued moving the ship to its destination. The clouds were nicely spread out, producing a sea-like atmosphere in the sky. Invicta spoke secretly to the ground as a wide circle, about 20 feet in diameter, appeared. An orange light engraved itself until forming a circular shape large enough to allow three different warriors to fight at any given time.
The three of them stood at different edges of the circle, a few feet apart from each other as they began gathering energy and preparing for the duel. With swords and daggers held at their sides, a small amount of shine was produced with the reflection of the surroundings. Sicarius, making certain both of her opponents were not using their special swords, stared at Invicta and Magni. Sicarius changed her serious look into an intense smile, her darkened eyes gleaming in mystery. The three of them slowly encircled the circle, not wanting to be the first to attack.
“Ladies first,” said Invicta maliciously, forming a frown as a small smirk formed on his face.
“Very well,” stated Sicarius, not giving Invicta time to breathe as she turned around once and slashed him with the diamond ditcher dragger just beneath his muscular chest. She slowly began making a slight spark against the armor, producing an exasperating screech too painful to the ear. Magni and Invicta had no armory covering their arms, only their beating chests. Sicarius quickly narrowed her eyes, forming wrinkles above her darkened pupils. Her mouth opened, exposing her sharp white teeth as they took the form of a disgusted expression.
Invicta smiled as well as he took his chance of concur. He jumped high into the air, seemingly floating for a few seconds until landing behind Sicarius. His legs slammed against the splinted floor until regaining balance. Taking out his sword, he lanced out at Sicarius, only to hit the thin armory bordering her arms. It was thin as clothing, that armory. Sicarius turned around briskly, succeeding in kicking Invicta closer to the flaming border of the circle.
Devastated, Sicarius turned to Magni, attempting to push him out of the glowing ring. Magni fell to his side. Being inches from the feet of Sicarius, he caused her to fall to her side as well. Magni rose up from the ground by pushing his legs into the air, quick to react to Invicta that was now in front of him.
Invicta walked quickly to Magni, not wanting him to escape from his reach. Getting out a second sword, he formed an X above him, pointing it at Magni’s thick neck in a threatening manner. The shininess of the swords reflected the fear of Magni. Magni, not wanting to walk past the ring of flames, balanced himself to the orange curve as he leaned back to evade the spades aiming at his neck. Quickly rising onto the blades, he kicked off of them and landed behind Invicta with little effort.
“Thought you could escape so easily?” asked Sicarius smiling evilly as she stared at Magni who landed in front of her.
“It’s funny how you always smile, yet you do not seem happy,” laughed Magni as he lifted his sword and aimed for her underarm. Forming a serious expression, Sicarius knelt down and slid between Magni’s legs. Quick to take advantage of such a position, Sicarius lifted a silver twig that lay on the deck and wrapped it around Magni’s feet, causing him to fall along with her.
“I cannot let you have all the fun!” yelled Invicta while aiming his swords at the underbelly of Sicarius. Reacting quickly, Sicarius kicked the arms, causing Invicta to spread them apart. Swiftly, Sicarius rolled towards Invicta. When standing, she held Invicta’s hands, bringing his swords into her clutches. With her elbows, she pushed into the hard armory that covered the broad strong chest of Invicta. Slowly he stumbled backwards with dismay.
With only inches away from the flames that bordered the dueling circle, Magni slid between Sicarius’s legs and stood up swiftly in time to kick Invicta’s lower chest. Violently, Invicta fell behind the flames, hidden by the smoke produced by the fiery atmosphere. The fire had produced a nice glow on Invicta’s face, while his eyes widened and darkened in defeat. He looked upon his successor until finally disappearing into the shadows outside the flames.
Not forgetting of Sicarius, Magni soared in the air. Attempting to achieve a backwards flip, his armory followed his every movement. “Getting haughty?” asked Sicarius stealthily.
“Of course not. There is one thing I can do, however,” stated Magni as he and Sicarius encircled around, planning their next move.
“And what is that?” questioned Sicarius as she brushed her black hair back with her dagger.
Retrieving two metal zars from his sides and spinning them at a high velocity, Magni threw the silver instruments to the ground. The zars, producing white sparks, caused Magni to ascend into the air at a high altitude. Quick in reacting, Magni brought out two long daggers as he came down at an angle towards Sicarius. His eyes glinted as he tasted the defeat of the prime assassin.
With the ring that enabled her to respond faster than her opponent, Sicarius ran towards Magni, jumping to his altitude and struggling to push him to the ground. With her daggers blocking the attack, she scarcely evaded the two blades from reaching her neck. Both of them smiled in triumph as they neared the ground.
“I’m not that easy to conquest,” whispered Sicarius, her eyes sparkling with the dancing flames. Sicarius, finding that her beauty was distracting her competitor, pushed his body off of her with her slender legs. Like a catapult, the legs caused Magni to soar into the air. Sicarius ran as fast as she could, her heart racing and her breath easing to exist. Before Magni could reach the ground, Sicarius spun around, kicking Magni aggressively on his back as she watched him fall from the curtain of blazes. Magni, frowning with defeat, stumbled behind the flaming circle, leaving Sicarius smiling in victory.
The king had stayed in the room, sitting near the fireplace. Adjusting his posture, he kneeled by the vibrant blazes as he warmed his face and hands. “Angelus,” spoke Fortis. The flames spread out, revealing and forming what he wished to see— his wife.
“Hello, my queen,”
“Why is it you appear to stealthily?” asked Angelus.
“Only when your king is not around, of course.”
“I thought you were dead?” questioned the queen, turning her back towards the man with the drab voice. The man’s voice seemed much coarser than the king’s. Although the man’s face was not revealed, his cloak and his stubble chin were clearly shown. Angelus, perplexed, turned towards the man once again. She bit her reddened lips slightly. With her hair nicely curled and her skin seemingly moist, she seemed more energetic before the king’s departure.
Remembering her kiss before the journey, the king stared at the scene in hatred, clenching his fists in anger and tightening his face in defeat. Fortis knew who the man was, a stealthy man that only wished to put defeat onto his land. This man was in fact a brother.
“You know, you act as if you do not know me. I’m Furtim of course, the brother of that dreadful idiot you married,” a thin smile was revealed under the cloak.
“How could I forget someone as stealthy as you?” asked the queen slyly as she walked slowly towards the man. “I hated you deeply until I found out you were dead. What a great joy spread throughout my body knowing such news. But yet here you are.”
“Did you not say I was stealthy?” questioned Furtim as he spread his arms in the air while leaning his chest back slightly. It was not quite obvious if the strange man was attempting to impress the queen with his muscular chest or if it was part of the gesture.
“It is quite obvious that I did. Still you are. How were you able to trespass my defenses?” asked Angelus, remembering the defense units she had ordered to protect the castle while her king was away.
“You know my secret ways. Magic is the only answer, is it not?” stated Furtim in an apparent manner.
“One of these days you will regret using such magic. Nothing is given so easily,” the queen said annoyingly, finally realizing it after her fate was put into the jeopardy of a seed.
“And why is that?” asked the strange man.
“Because it is childish to believe magic will solve our problems!” yelled Angelus, backing up to a small chest of drawers as she placed a small dagger into her hands. She moved the small blade through her fingers, feeling the coldness wrapping around her skin. Hastily, she clutched the dagger as she walked towards Furtim. She spun around, trying to sink the sharp blade deep into his beating neck.
Realizing her move before the act was completed, the man grabbed the queen’s wrists with his hands, wrapping around them with black torn gloves. Grabbing her blade, he threw it into the wooden floor without thought. The blade made a loud noise as it dug into the silver lumber, causing metal splinters to form. “Let us not commit the same mistake, my lady,” stated the man, pushing Angelus away from him. He took off his cloak, revealing red armory taking the form of his shoulders, chest, and legs. His long straight hair, black in color, spread around his head. His skin was pale, reemphasizing the dark color of his hair as it gleamed with his dark green eyes.
“While you suppose I am here to kill you, I am here for other matters much more serene,” said Furtim after a long pause.
“And how serene is it when I am involved? You are in no way allowed into my palace. Everything in this castle now stinks of you, something I loathe at this instant!” replied Angelus as her lips formed expressions of utter disgust.
“Wait and see my lady, you will be mesmerized by what I have in store for this little kingdom of yours,” said the man in red, “If you do what I ask, there will be no harm. Do what I dislike, and you will see harm.” He grabbed the beautiful woman, caressing her cold face— cold with deep fury. Angelus, annoyed by the slightest touch from him, slapped his left cheek, causing a slight redness to rise to the surface.
“Ah, now your face matches your armory. You will not last long here,” said the queen malevolently.
“Of course it does. We will see about this theory of yours,” replied Furtim as he walked around the bold woman until being behind her. He grabbed her shoulders, bringing her dominatingly towards his astute body as he reached down and kissed her. Angelus struggled for a few seconds until she relaxed and clung to her enemy. “Now it matches your lips,” Furtim whispered wickedly into the ears of the one he dearly clutched.
Fortis, not able to bear no more, yelled, “Finis!” in anger. The flames, as if reacting to the sudden anger shone through his voice, moved wildly back and forth as if erasing the history that had already been exposed to the king. Without further agony, the king felt a sudden movement beneath his feet. The flames, now quietly dancing before the king, seemed calm and tranquil, showing no sign of danger.
The king gathered the velvet sack full of useful supplies and raced to the entrance, leaving the lava-scaled wall behind him and searching for his companions in despair. The deck was filled with smoke, only a small ring of fire was slightly visible where it was aloud. The king went through it only to find a blade coming near him. Having a standard spade at his side, he took it out to defend himself from the other blade that only a second ago would have sliced his throat.
“Pardon me, my king,” yelled Sicarius over the loud noise of the ship. The ship rocked uncontrollably and the poles in which the sails were attached to failed to stay upright. Slowly they began to break halfway until falling onto the deck. A deep grey smoke prevented Fortis from looking at his surroundings.
“Exalant!” he shouted over the shimmering of such an element. For a moment or two, the thick smoke failed to diminish. However, slowly the smoke glided out of the surface of the ship, failing to exist. Magni and Invicta were at opposite sides of the vessel, lying sprawled on the floor.
“I thought dragons were extinct,” stated Magni quietly as Fortis and Sicarius approached him.
“For centuries we have not seen them glide through our lands. Many believe they are in fact extinct,” replied the king, confused at the sudden remark. Magni contained glaring eyes within a serious face, showing no sign of being mischievous.
“It is true, my king,” stated Invicta from the opposed side of the vessel, “Dragons once again roam the skies. One has just attacked our ship. It will surely come again,” answered Invicta calmly, still frowning in disbelief as he began standing.
Sicarius looked up towards the distance, blocking the brightness with one of her diamond ditcher draggers. This produced a steady white shine on the silver piece of deadly art. The background of the light produced a warmness against her pale skin. In the distance she could vaguely see a dark silhouette of a small figure. The figure nearing the ship with every second that passed by became far more larger than anticipated.
The king, noticing the dilemma of the situation, yelled out loud in dismay, “Set up the weapons on the sides, I will unleash the dragon from within the ship!” Quickly, though there were only four of them, they all began to assemble the weapons as they had done in the past.
“Of course the weapons, but another dragon?” questioned Invicta slightly confused as he hurriedly ran to the middle of the ship in which lay a metal chain. Pulling the thin chain, the door on the deck opened upwards, revealing a staircase leading to the bottom of the vessel.
“Of course,” smiled the king mysteriously, his skin seemingly burning with a renewed confidence, “Did I not tell you this ship was created in such medieval times?”
The king, suddenly energetic and ready for such a challenge, returned to the small room with the scaled walls as the chandelier dangled above his head. Finding the small parchment in which contained the ancient language to operate the vessel, Fortis held it up towards the little light that consumed the room. Using his finger, he pointed out the incantation that would work well with such a situation as the one he was forced into. Smiling before reading aloud, he loudly spoke the powerful language of the land, “Evigilabit semel bestia de hyacintho Awake once more beast of blue.” The deck rumbled as if an earthquake were occurring, overturning the ship towards the right side in deep despair.
“What is happening up here!” shouted Sicarius, her yell wrapping itself with the noise in the surroundings. The dragon, only a few hundred feet away, encircled the ship at a fast speed. The king waited patiently for the ship to work its magic even though time was scarce. Sicarius looked quickly at the king’s eyes and stared towards the front of the ship in disbelief as she saw the metallic head of the frightening dragon moving, its eyes opening and staring through her jittery soul.
The dragon encircling the ship was the color of fire, with streaks of red and orange, a mixture of warmth but a connotation of death. Flying at the same velocity as the ship, the red dragon’s mouth opened, exposing thin and sharp white teeth, millions of them tightly packed in the long pathway leading to a hollow throat. The neck of the dragon swelled as fire came out of the throat, promptly covering the left side of the ship with long vibrating flames. The metal of the ship was enough to block the strong blazes from reaching the deck, but the metal began shattering with the high temperature.
“We need the weapons!” yelled Sicarius at the immobile figure of the king. The king, ignoring the sudden outcry, was quickly distracted by the shadow over the vessel. Sicarius looked up, sinking herself into the power of the wings that covered the light around the ship. She quickly looked behind, realizing that the head was no longer where it once pertained. The blue metallic dragon was slightly smaller than the red dragon that was now underneath the vessel. “Oppugnare,” whispered the king aloud, so quietly that it was hardly considered a murmur.
In the meantime Invicta and Magni ran down the small white staircase that lead to level ground, blue in color. Several ancient weapons lined the sides of the ship: cannons, arrows, acid, and zars. The zars, stacked in metal crates, stood at the corner of the room with only fragments of dust lining the shiny parts of the deadly weapons. Their shape was the same shape as the metal stars Magni had used to lift himself from the ground. Yet, they were far more thicker and larger.
“What should we use first?” asked Magni, staring at Invicta with glaring eyes. It was clear he found enjoyment.
Both of them smiled impishly, viewing the long golden arrows placed against the wall. They adjusted the arrows into the huge automatic arrow machines and moved the viewer towards the red dragon that was now soaring high into the sky. Invicta pulled the trigger, releasing the long arrow as it flew like a shiny golden star aiming at the red target.
The arrow, being half ways to the target, broke apart like a rocket, revealing several smaller arrows inside. Together, they crossed the sky like a flock of auralas nearing their nests. The arrows, regaining speed, suddenly sparkled with a renewed power as flames began encircling to the rhythm of the spinning weaponry. Slowly, they sunk into the hard coarse skin of the red lizard of the skies. The dragon stumbled as its wings and belly became soaked in a thin layer of its own blood.
Regaining its height, the red dragon flapped its wings at a higher rate, trying to escape the reach of its revealed opponent— the blue dragon. The arrows, not having a lasting effect, broke off at the ends. Only the sharp pointers deep inside the red flesh shimmered under the rays of light. As if on cue, the blue metallic dragon reached up higher into the sky than its opponent. The sky became a battlefield between a red and blue sapphire as they battled simultaneously in the purple mine field.
“Its name is Kyanite,” stated the king to Sicarius as he looked at the sky. “She is quite the sight.”
“Can I ride it?” asked Sicarius as she approached the side of the ship. She gripped the borders as she gazed into the skies.
“You could certainly try,” replied Fortis perplexed by the sudden question. Still he smiled in awe nonetheless.
Kyanite dived down to the red dragon that was a hundred feet below. Using its neck as a whip, it hit the red dragon, driving its horn into the thick surface below the head. The red dragon let out a deep wail, its cloudy eyes darkening in hatred as it moved its neck from side to side in dismay. The blue dragon let the neck slip into its opened jaws as they clutched the thickness with ease. Kyanite, losing grip of its enemy as the neck was slowly loosening from its clenched jaws, dropped the heavy body. For a few minutes it seemed as if the monstrous dragon was finally dead. But in reality, that fact in itself could not be possible in such a story.
“The living horror!” cried out Sicarius as she saw two more heads grow out of the new wounds. No more thick purple blood was pouring. No more slimy shiny substance was falling from the heavens. A head. Two heads. Together, three heads controlled the massive body in the skies, a horrific sight indeed.
When seeing the dragon fall below, Invicta and Magni stared in admiration, realizing the war between dragon and inhabitant was ended. They grabbed each other’s hands in a roman handshake, glad to triumph over the deadly beast. Magni, however, realized something was wrong. Out of the corner of his eye he spotted a movement. A second movement, as the heads of the red dragon grew to become three.
“Quick we need more weaponry!” shouted Magni over the deep growl of the red dragon as it gained renewed strength.
“Acquire the zars!” yelled Invicta as he himself gathered some large zars, pushing them vigorously onto a cart. He did this stealthily in hopes that they would kill such a beast as the one that roamed the skies. The zars were more than two feet in diameter, capable of puncturing a metal wall and thick enough to collapse it.
“Four should do it!” yelled Magni as he gathered two more, taking them towards Invicta who was already releasing his first one. The zars, quite heavy, caused the veins stretched along Magni’s arm to pulsate into a steady bulge.
The king and Sicarius continued looking at the skies as if hypnotized. The blue spirits to their side continued gliding the boat as if the events happening were meaningless to them. Their expression was bland, yet heroic as they continued with their task. Kyanite seemed to understand the matter as the king finally came to realize.
“The red dragon is one of the few that enables itself to grow for every fatal wound that is produced around the head,” informed the king abruptly.
“How might we kill this bloody beast?” asked Sicarius as she stared into the distance.
“Its heart beats only to contain life. While its heads grow, the heart diminishes, unable to reproduce no more,” answered the king.
Sicarius walked towards the right side of the ship, ready to fall down upon the blue gem. The king, understanding, quietly whispered a phrase, “Longe diffusus alis tuis irae Spread far your wings of wrath.” The abrupt enchantment caused Kyanite to swiftly fly high above the red dragon, abandoning the important task at hand. It dived down towards the back of the ship until finally leveling itself to the ships height and positioning itself for the fierce warrior to ride atop it.
Sicarius looked back at the king. Her black armory enwrapped around her in a fashionable style, seemingly like a satin blouse. “I would have lent you one of the elemental swords, but a dragon that size needs to be stabbed in the heart. From what I remember in my early years of anatomy class, the heart could be seen from the throat of the dragon,” stated the king without the slightest smile forming across his rigid face.
Jumping high onto the dragon’s back Sicarius snickered before asking, “Which head?” Before the king could respond, however, the blue dragon raced off to its opponent with Sicarius as a renewed weapon.
“We need to release the zars now, Sicarius is approaching far too quickly. We need to wound the red dragon beforehand!” ordered Magi. Invicta released the star of destruction, aiming at the head. The zar spun around in the air, clearly a star of death. Gaining speed, the zar hit the thick neck on the far right, causing the other neck to move to the sudden blow. The eyes of the monstrous figure closed for the time being. Traumatized, it barely had enough time to react to the figure racing towards it.
Due to its immense weight, the red dragon failed to soar faster through the sky, trying to escape its opponent’s grasp. Moving the blue dragon’s neck as a steer, Sicarius was able to have the dragon glide next to the enemy. Carefully, Sicarius inched forward, balancing herself on the steady blue body until reaching and touching the side of the red dragon. Blindly, she felt around until she touched a small crater-like hole. The large shimmering wings that flapped to her right side pushed a steady gust of wind against her face.
Her long fingers massaged the surface. It was sticky at first, a type of sludge that was slimy and slippery to the slightest touch. Yet it dried up, dissolving in the palm of her hand. She brought it up to her sight, realizing it was a thick warm liquid substance a deep purple in color. The sight of such a color made Sicarius thrive for more. Trying to contain herself, she abandoned her thoughts of hunger as she searched around the small hole until reaching the base of an unknown object. Moving her hands upward and following the different textures of the thin metal piece, she knew it was her objective to retrieve such an item.
Pulling hard, Sicarius was able to recover the long arrow from its area on the dragon, as if destiny allowed. Holding it to the light to admire the bright flames that reflected off the weapon, Sicarius foresaw the pride turning to darkness. She soared from the safe haven of the back of the blue dragon, heading straight to the world beneath. The long wings of the red dragon, now flapping violently and gaining speed, knocked the fierce lady as it brutally raised the stiff wings. Violently, they hit the armory around the strong legs of the woman until she stumbled in her path.
The king saw as Sicarius soared down the sky, the arrow in flames still intact in her right hand. As if time could no longer stand still for the blue dragon, it soared down below in an attempt of saving its rider. Sicarius looked at her left side in vain as she felt a deep dark figure approach her from behind. Thinking it was the red dragon, she quickly took out one of her daggers and held it in an attack position, soon realizing there was nothing to fear after all. Sicarius smiled, grabbing onto the dragon’s neck and slowly crawling towards the massive body in the center of the dragon. Slowly the tail moved, the tip having a thick layer of a silver metal.
“Shoot another one!” ordered Magni, frowning in despair as Invicta released another zar into the sky. He watched as it soared once again to its target. The zar raced against the quiet wind until reaching the enormous feet neatly tucked below the red dragon’s immense body. As if annoyed by the sudden attacks, the dragon flew towards the ship. Abruptly, it flew upward towards the heavens once the ship blocked it from moving any further.
Finally spotting the red dragon and realizing its tactics, Sicarius motioned Kyanite to fly quickly towards the gleaming red gem suspended above the vessel. Only a few hundred feet of distance lied between the red dragon and its avenger as Sicarius prepared her diamond ditcher draggers, sharpening the blades in an X-like position. She had suspended the arrow on her back until it could be used to pierce a stuttering heart.
The bloodshot dragon breathed deep, letting out three flaming balls of fire, two heading towards the ship and one straight for Sicarius. Kyanite, scarcely missing the attack, swerved to the left, able to escape the bright glow of fire as it raced past. The blue dragon, promptly from the recent attack, reacted to the flames hitting the ship. The spheres of flames began enflaming the deck with vibrant red, orange, and yellow colors. The flames danced before the king.
“Tollit ventus caeli,” said the king quietly as he maneuvered his hands around the long flames that nearly engulfed him. His eyes gleamed slightly, glowing in mysterious ways. A calm wind came towards the fire, sweeping the flames as if the blazes were merely scraps of ashes. The orange flames disappeared as they were elevated from beneath the ground and taken off of the ship within a few minutes. Promptly, the king’s eyes normalized as his strong body fell to the ground, exhausted by the sudden necessity of magic and the smoke that had eased his breathing.
Sicarius motioned the blue dragon close enough for it to bite the red dragon that was hovering above. Moving closer, Sicarius did not waste time in stabbing the two beating eyes on the left head. As a reaction, the other two heads lashed out at the attacker, missing her as Kyanite flew around the red lizard of the skies. Flying around once more, Kyanite approached the red dragon from behind as Sicarius jumped onto the hard rough skin. She steadied her balance as the scales of the dragon vibrated with the power instilled from the beating wings. She grabbed onto the one neck that unified all three necklines, feeling the dry scales that covered such a masterpiece. Sicarius tightened her grip around the circumference as the red dragon dove down as quickly as it could in an attempt to dispose of the light burden. Blades sharp as the stones down below slowly dug into the sides of the neckline without Sicarius’s knowledge.
“Fire another!” cried out Magni in desperation, not noting that Sicarius was on the back of the rubicund dragon. Invicta, without questioning, let out another zar, aiming for not only the red dragon, but also its load clinging to its back.
It did not take long for the zar to reach the red dragon. Within a second, the zar had hit the chest of the red beast, possibly breaking bones in the process. Sicarius felt a sudden hit, her body flying into the air. Luckily one hand clung to the blade that had sunk deep into the dragon’s neckline. The blade, as if defying Sicarius, loosened with the sudden burden of the newly instilled weight. At the brink of falling off, Sicarius forced her other arm to swing to the other side of the red dragon’s neck, escaping the grasp of gravity that would take her down below. The dragon leveled, seemingly motionless, except for the heavy raspy breathing and quiet moans of pain.
With one last effort, Sicarius released her weapon from beneath the reddened skin. She climbed slowly on the middle neck, the primary and dominant of the three. Estimating where the dragon’s eyes would be, she dug the blade through the eyeballs of the dragon, releasing the blade quickly to pierce the others. The eyes were a scary sight. Purple blood began pouring outwards as if the eyes were nothing more than rotten grapes. As the dragon moved its head in agony, Sicarius once again found herself in a desperate situation.
Sicarius, quicker than her opponent, slashed open the last two eyes of the dragon. Blind, the dragon was unable to rely on itself for survival. Before opening the huge jaws of the beast, Sicarius stabbed the thick neck that formed all three, twisting and forming a hole about six inches in diameter. The dragon lifted its heads in agony, swerving in its flight until regaining its strength. The dragon was able to heal at a quick rate, thus Sicarius needed to act swiftly before a new head formed. A slight pigment of purple blood splattered out onto the pale hand, burning and reddening the frail fingers where the stain was prominent. Reacting quickly, Sicarius wiped her irritated fingers on the sides of the dragon, eager to wipe the burning purple substance off her skin.
Her right hand ached as she made facial expressions of agony. After a while of rejuvenating her strength, Sicarius very slowly opened one of the jaws of the dragon while clinging onto the long neck. The other two heads turned her way, feeling the enemy’s grasp. Sicarius, feeling the sight of the two heads despite their beating eyes being sliced through the middle, swiftly evaded the dragon’s head from knocking her down.
The dragon, gaining energy due to a sudden anger, breathed out, attempting to engulf Sicarius with a thick cloud of flames. However, due to the large hole that was made, the flames leapt out like a cannon, failing to overpower Sicarius at the entrance of its mouth. The hole that had once been half a foot in diameter was now dwindling to less than five inches as a new neck slowly came to be. Quickly, with time ticking behind her ears, Sicarius sliced the cheeks of the middle head, placing her blade upwards into the crying mouth. The dragon attempted to close its jaws, having a sharp blade protruding its snout. The dragon was slowly dying. But dragons don’t die with a heart still beating.
Without further delay, Sicarius raised her hand containing the flaming arrow, aiming at the beast.
The king, finally awakening, looked before him, comprehending what was to be. Without rethinking the situation, the king hurried down beneath the deck, calling out to Invicta and Magni who were debating on releasing another weapon into the skies. “My friends, Sicarius is at the brink of killing the beast! We must escape for the dragon is close enough to the ship to destroy it.”
“But what about Sicarius?” asked Magni, concerned in leaving her at the jaws of the beast.
“I have arranged for Kyanite to protect her. As of now we must jump,” said the king with only a slight hesitation. Still, he quickly said the words as to not be seen in a false suspicion.
The three quickly gathered their supplies, jumping at the sudden movement of the skies. Thick clumps of dark purple liquid, evilly lurking above them, came down with a great swiftness. Looking behind as he jumped, the king saw the beautiful ship that had once been and what it was now about to become. The sudden events were too drastic for such a ship. Even if perhaps the red dragon was killed a few miles apart, the ship may have rotted inside with immense amount of flames. Although the flames did not rot the surface of the ship, what was beneath it was slowly decaying. Like termites, it surely made the massive artwork unstable. The blue spirits, still rowing with no interest in the events happening, would surely be able to escape death for a second time. The ship creaked as powder and dust filled the air. The king seemed to be relaxed as he stared down below as his feet neared the land. Invicta and Magni however, seemed anxious to escape such a drastic conclusion as they yelled at the king for deceiving them.
“My king, please do something! If you have not noticed, we will die if you do not have a spell in mind. Cannot the dragon be called?” Invicta quickly said as saliva floated upward with each phrase.
“No! The dragon cannot hold our weight,” said the king calmly.
“What about magic?” asked Magni.
Fortis smiled at the remark, remembering the queen’s advice. Quickly, he turned his smile into a deep frown of hatred. “My queen used to say that magic does not solve everything.”
Invicta, noticing the sudden change of expression, became silent, not wanting to annoy the king further. Magni, noticing only a few hundred feet were below them, moved in agony as if his body had already impacted against the trees that were clearly seen on the grey ground.
The king smiled all the more, as if content with such a choice. “Have faith,” he spoke at last.
Invicta and Magni stared at the king in disbelief while the king offered them white grain that fell dreamily into their hands. Following the king’s movement, all three of them sprinkled the substance on the surface of their skin. They each held the powder below them, slowly having the grains fly on their bodies with the quick rubbing of their fingers.
As if the powder refused to work, Invicta and Magni did not feel a difference at first. With only a short distance until landing, Invicta and Magni closed their eyes, believing it was the last few seconds of life. The king looked beyond the trees, dreading the thought of walking in the dreadful land he knew to be forbidden.
At the last second it would seem as if the king, Invicta, and Magni were nearing a horrible death. The long trees, with sharp branches sticking upwards, surely showed no signs of mercy. But as if on cue, the powder reacted as it began elevating them from their death.
Invicta and Magni, realizing they should have died a few seconds ago, opened their eyes, smiling for the death they evaded. They floated in the skies, walking upon the air until realizing the powder would eventually fail them. The silvery trees were decorated with blue colored leaves which appeared soft and moist.
“Is there no choice but to walk through what I see below?” asked Magni as he peered into the dark atmosphere.
“Unfortunately,” answered the king, “It would be unwise to turn back, these trees prevent one from returning from where they came from.”
“Thank the heavens! How much longer?” asked Invicta a bit sarcastically, stretching his broad shoulders as his veins swelled with energy.
“Your alive are you not?” yelled Magni in annoyance.
“The distance can be from a hundred miles to thousands,” stated the king, “By ship through the skies it would have taken us a few short days. Now it will take much more.”
“Cannot we find help some way?” asked Invicta in dismay, “Someone could ride the dragon and seek help for the rest.”
“It is quite possible, as for magic, the air produced in this forest weakens our magical capabilities. Use them and it is quite possible one might die,” informed the king. The three had already carefully lowered themselves to the ground. The trees had scraped their sides, but the thick metal protected them from the formation of wounds.
All three of them stood under the tall trees, staring at the bluish sand as they wondered about the events that had currently occurred.



Chapter 6

Through the Branches


A flapping of wings came towards the small group. In the distance a shadow lurked in the midst of the sky. Due to the soft blue leaves that bordered the sharp branches, none of the inhabitants were able to observe what was above them. It would have been obvious that it was Sicarius, but what if that was not the case? What if by some miracle, benefiting the red dragon, had caused its destiny to be fulfilled as surviving the inevitable with the attack of its fury? Neither the king, Magni, nor Invicta knew for sure. It was a terrifying event indeed. All three of them reclined on a silver trunk, trying to evade the dragon’s sense of smell and sight in the mist of the forest.
Before the time of the other’s escape, Sicarius was still at the mouth of the red dragon, trying excessively to aim the one arrow she bared into the one heart of the dragon. Raising her arm upwards, her fingers tingled with the flames at the tip still blazing brightly. The flames were eager to engulf the skin and taste the purple blood some inches away. Pressing onto the ring, the eyes of Sicarius opened wider as they became brighter and keener.
She flexed her arm and slashed the bloody arrow down the throat, knowing there was no other chance for victory or avoidance of death. Sicarius stared at the hatred the dragon’s eyes produced; they narrowed with defeat and widened with utter pain. The arrow traveled through the long but hollow cave, inching further with each split second that passed between the two opponents. Until, yes! At last the arrow pierced the heart that was oddly positioned at the very base of the neck. The beating soon dwindled until it seemed as if the dragon had no last breaths to praise upon. The blue heart protected by flames, was decaying in its own manner, unable to grow as immense as the weak heads that began to limp downwards with each breath of pain. In dismay, Sicarius’s eyes darkened as she fell off the dragon. Like a limp dead figure, she was carried by the wind down to the surface of the land. The land she loved would kill her.
The ruby dragon stayed in the air, its body swelling and its heart bleeding profoundly. The purple blood easing from the heart, exploded out of the deep red body, engulfing the ship with an exploding substance. The ship was degraded, as if a mass number of termites gnawed at the strong wood. No splinters were scraped from the ship to fall to the ground. Neither did sails or pieces of wood fall from the sky. The vessel was simply turned to dust as it failed to exist.
The king and the two men could slightly hear the sound of the ship at its last seconds of misery. A crinkling noise overpowered the minds of the group as they stared in anger and anguish. The shadow that had lurked above had finally disappeared.
“Let us hope Sicarius has been saved. We will wait for a time being, anticipating her return,” instructed the king in pity.
“And if not? If she does not return, what then?” asked Magni, suddenly angry. He did not comprehend the possible outcomes.
“I know she was very dear to you, but we must see the invisible. What if perhaps she perished? What an unfortunate event it would be for the land. She would be honored for her bravery in the years to come. But my friend, we must shake that thought out of our heads and hope for her return, though we should also be realistic,” stated the king, his eyes glowing with sympathy. He put his left hand on Magni’s hunched shoulder, “She will come again, that I am certain.”
Magni, realizing the king’s words were true, tightened his face. His eyes were the only thing that sparkled as they narrowed with sadness. Silver logs reclined against some of the trees. Picking them up, the three sat on them as they huddled together.
“What shall we do next?” questioned Invicta.
“We shall continue to Sapientem’s palace; it is the only possible way for survival. If we go back, we will surely be tricked into misery. Forward is what we shall go to, to the east.
“Very well, the dragon has not appeared. Cannot you call it?” asked Invicta.
“A king’s life lays on the cold stone, do you wish to sacrifice your own blood?” asked the king, a bit angry at the fact. Nonetheless, he reclined, controlling his temper.
“I was not sure if that would be considered magic. What lies before us?” Invicta continued conversing.
“Only stories. Since the days of Malum’s defeat, the land has not been investigated for it was believed to be filled with a mass of demons. Black demons had been said to protect Malum’s land until his return. He had been a normal ruler as have all kings. The question is what is essentially normal to inhabitants? He was triumphant and calm. Why even kings pierced with sudden evil could be calm and triumphant. But this man defied the normal behavior of any other king, for he turned selfish and greedy, not to mention the envy that bit his back like a serpent,” replied the king, “He was a traitor to the land. Such traitors had to be dealt with. To overpower. To kill. But many honored the man, many of which were fearful of honoring the righteous. They had little faith for those opposing Malum. Because of this, Malum became more victorious as he began forming new creations such as the unpronounced beasts roaming the land that had once been calm. A stench of sulfur filled the air, crinkling the noses of the righteous while the wicked went throughout their day, immune to the evil lurking around them. They had no ears, much less, eyes, for they did not see evil, pain, or suffering. They saw victory and power, defeat, and tranquility. Nonetheless, the righteous, generations tracing back to Sapientem and the forefathers, were able to defeat the stupidity of Malum. Seeking power, seeking dependence, and seeking wickedness, Malum had a power against them,” he continued, “Some say Malum could have overpowered the righteous, something most are sure if it weren’t for his greed that had clouded his genius mind. He was the most victorious of all kings. With a great mind and toned body, he seemed like a god to his followers. But one night all was enough and he perished from the land, not one knowing for sure if he had perished forever.”
Since no one had entered the land, no one knew what to expect, what creatures may be gated inside. The forest had been formed around the land in order to contain the evil in Malum’s terrestrial land.
“The path may be just a misconception of evil or it may be a truth as most stories are,” answered the king as he was silently thinking of the many stories that flooded his mind.
“We must prepare,” said Magni at last, gaining his dignity.
“And how will you prepare for the invisible?” asked Fortis in awe, raising his eyebrow in question.
“The least we could do would be to search our surroundings,” stated Invicta in an obvious manner.
“You would be lost in your own footsteps. If one goes, we must all go,” said Fortis, “However, before we go, we should wash ourselves and prepare as you have stated,” said the king as he walked towards the back of a white silvery trunk.”
“Very well, sire,” stated the two in frustration, each choosing a given silver tree.
The king produced a regular blade, examining his worn face in the reflection until bringing the shining blade upwards to slice a branch above him. A bluish liquid came out, much like water, except for its chilliness upon his bare skin. The two other warriors did the same, realizing it was safe to do so.
“Do not drink the water!” yelled the king, suddenly remembering that the water could potentially put the drinker into a deep sleep.
Invicta removed his shiny armory and carefully placed in on a log, producing a sharp sound as metal scraped ever so slightly against the metal trunk.
All three men, began to remove the sweat that had bordered their faces. The ground was a deep white in color and powdery in appearance. After moments of rest with the tranquility of the water, the small waterfall stopped abruptly on each of the trees. All three men waited for the droplets across their faces to dry.
It did not take long for each man’s flesh to dry. The light blue liquid evaporated into the air. Goosebumps began to form onto the strong muscular bodies of each warrior. Quickly, each of them strived to put on the armory they had reclined against the trunks. The armory was similar to the elemental swords each fierce man was equipped with. The product was itself magic, but the magic was not the product. Invicta walked out with the same armory except for the deep red color it was composed of.
Magni walked swiftly to the metal logs, wearing a deep black smooth armory. After some time, Fortis walked out in a gracious manner, his head astute as he looked at the silvery distance. He wore a silvery armory, but a white cloak covered the illumination of day’s brightness. He seemed like death itself, a white angel of magic.
“Must we eat?” asked the king, he himself not having an appetite.
“Much later,” answered Invicta for both of them. He brushed his long brown bangs that had covered his aluminous green eyes. He moved forward, his broad shoulders stretching out with each movement in an attempt to expose a chiseled back beneath the armory.
“Are you all sure of this decision?” asked the king as he continued walking forward, “Sicarius I am sure will find us in unexpected ways.”
“Of course. She always does,” said Magni, his head standing up with pride and assurance. The veins around his neck were slightly visible, producing a small throbbing as blood traveled around the muscular body preparing for what was to lie before.
“A horse would help, wouldn’t it?” asked Invicta while breathing out air, breaking the silence.
“Anything would be of help,” said Magni as he stepped onto the dead leaves in his pathway. The king had ignored the question, or perhaps he was not listening, for he stared at the ground, whispering words both men failed to understand. Magni and Invicta walked besides each other, following their steady footsteps as they led to the unknown.
The forest was mysterious; a small amount of fog wrapped around the trees like a white vine. Only a few feet could be seen beyond. Small noises could be heard in the midst of the trees, none of which Invicta, Magni, or Fortis paid attention to as they walked blindly forward. It would have seemed as if the group was walking in circles, something that could make one utterly cry out in despair.
“How are we certain we are not walking in the same footsteps?” asked Invicta, slightly agitated. The king lifted up his head and took out a compass from inside his cloak. The compass was carefully encased in a whitish metal casing. This compass, however, was not ordinary, as it was not entirely circular containing arrows driven by a magnetic force. A clear white stone stood in the middle of a rounded black rock covered with pinkish crystal shavings. A small wooded stick protruded from underneath the rock, leveling the pinkish crystals until coming to a halt. A red italicized letter appeared on the side of the opaque white stone. Surrounded by a thin golden border, the letter O stood for Orientem.
“We are going the correct way, eastwards,” assured the king, proud to show his proof.
“A neat device you have there,” stated Magni enthralled by the wondrous sight, as if the pinkish crystals lured him for more examination.
“It was a gift from the Man of Magic himself. It has served me well,” replied the king. They continued walking, their feet producing an awful crunching noise beneath each footstep. An eerie feeling flooded each of their bodies with each proceeding, as if events were soon to turn around.
The fog was still in the midst of the men, ever so slightly transparent, yet blinding. A sudden yell was heard. The yell crackled as if a phlegm was trapped somewhere in the throat. There was only a short distance from the creatures they knew scurried around them. Invicta stopped, holding his arms to the sides to motion Fortis and Magni to end their steps as well.
“I have enough sense not to walk further,” stated Magni, not comprehending the meaning of the arm movement. Invicta stared at the distance as Magni stood to his right side at an angle. Fortis stood on the opposite side diagonally as well. With all three of them, they formed a mighty trinity, a triangle capable of seeing everything for each other. Each of them took out their elemental blades, silver, gold, and black, producing a clinking metallic noise. Waiting without further delay, the three stood side by side, shoulder by shoulder, anticipating what was before them. But nothing did appear.
The branches began shaking above them as if they were not strong enough for the creatures they carried. All around them, the branches rattled like that of a snake. A mass of creatures were in the midst of the branches around them, not showing any sign of their appearance, for there was a slight fog that prevented such things.
“What could it be?” asked Invicta, holding his golden sword in the light. The sword had an immense amount of design with precious stones that would lead the viewer in awe.
“Whatever it is, be ready,” yelled Fortis, his eyes narrowing. He was ready to defend himself and use the skills he was trained for.
The branches’ claws extended before them as Fortis saw the creatures fumble within them. It was only a scurrying noise that brought one of them to leap down towards the king. Without hesitation, the king lifted his sword, striking the black shadow with one swift move. The creature lay sprawled on the ground. It was bat-like in appearance, but the body of that similar to a rat’s. Still, the creatures were far bigger, around four feet in length. The black chubby and furry monster had long protruding teeth, sharp enough to cut through defenseless flesh.
Without further due, the monsters jumped from above, with a sharpness of teeth shinnying through the dark. There were four of them, those terrifying beasts. Their eyes narrowed, forming a snarl on their snouts. Their eyes glowing like fire, hypnotizing the men without any lasting effect. With great dignity, Invicta sliced through the animals’ flesh with one slight movement of the wrist. Gold gleaming bodies lay on the white ground, only a few blotches of deep blue blood spread across the surface of the pearlish floor.
Magni, on the other hand, took out two spades, too short to be called swords and too long to be called daggers. With skills, he swiveled the blades with a rhythm in his hands, waiting for a challenge to approach him. One of the creatures leapt up, only being rewarded with a deep piercing and the slashing of its neck. The eyes glowed all the more, as if trying to terminate Magni’s soul. Magni swiftly took out the blades that were deep into the flesh, letting the body fall to the ground in a silent manner. The animal did not have the breaths of life to let out its piercing cry. Magni, noticing a wounded beast moving slightly upwards, slashed violently at its neck. Now it was deeply wounded. Now it lay dead.
“There are far too many!” yelled Invicta, struggling with one of the monsters as it viciously attempted to have a taste of his neck. Invicta blocked the creature’s long canines with his blade as he kicked the beast against the tree. The creature clashed with the trunk, causing the tree to shake until the body slowly dropped to the ground.
“Must we abort?” asked Magni as he dug both spades into one of the animals. Back and forth, Magni moved the spades in a mechanical-like way, causing rich blueness to escape the flesh. Drops of blood splattered against Magni’s soft facial expression of disgust. Digging both blades into the middle of the creature’s side, Magni moved the blade in the opposite horizontal direction until revealing red ribs sparkling with a blue coating.
“Look around, you fool!” yelled the king above the piercing growl of the monsters that had barricaded them in a tight circle.
Magni stared in the distance as orange eyes returned the gaze. The creatures growled at him with discontent as if the sight of seeing him observing them was revolting. Magni, gaining renewed energy, attacked the first monster in front of him, one that was stealthily approaching him from the side. Raising both hands, he swiftly jabbed the rat-like creature through the skull. The monster’s jaws gaped open in agony as two blades beneath its thick skull were slowly brought to the surface.
The creature’s voice was raspy as it attempted to yell out in pain; but not even a growl was heard from the creature again. Like a fountain, thick rich blood poured out from within, covering Magni’s hand with divine blue snot. Magni, preoccupied with his small victory, failed to see one of the creatures leap from above. The creature soared downwards, its front feet stretched far with sharp claws raging for damage. Its mouth, agape, revealed a set of thick red knives and its eyes showed no mercy.
“Damn it!” cried Magni in pain. The monster had dug its claws one inch into his flesh. The armory proved to be defenseless, as two holes were easily made. Promptly, he hunched forward. Bringing his arms to his back, he grabbed the arms of the creature, and pulling ever so quickly, launched the monster at the group of rats that were heading at a rapid pace towards him.
Fortis, concerned, looked towards his side. He saw Magni’s back aglow with thick golden paint. It slowly poured out, covering the armory with a golden shine. Magni showed no immediate sign of pain since the king had given him one of the pills to evade agony for a short period of time in case such an incident would happen. The king lashed out with his sword, tired of calmly injecting the weapon into his enemies. He slashed out at the creature’s heads. His blade easily sliced through the necks, causing the eyes to wonder up into the air and slowly fall away from the body.
The monsters, as if noticing the defeat, cried all the more. Standing on their hind legs, they moved their filthy claws while opening their mouths to call their master— their queen, their killer.
“Kill them!” yelled Invicta. Invicta kicked one of the monsters, his metallic foot going through the open jaws. Noticing his unfortunate wisdom, he continued hitting the animal with his blade in fear that he too would lie down by Magni. It would surely be a defeat in his part.
“What do you think I’m doing? Magni is down. We have to get out of here!” shouted the king in frustration. The king turned around, sliding his sword through the creature’s flesh in an attempt to release the tightened grip on Invicta’s foot.
Magni was lying in the middle of Invicta and the king. His agony was too much to bear. His blue eyes closed, and he began to sleep as his frowns slowly disappeared. The king and Invicta continued to fight the beasts, fearing their defeat in the land. The fog was not evading, making the attempt of killing the beasts a difficult task. Hundreds of creatures were forming; only the stoned and golden carcasses separated the king, Invicta, and Magni from their enemies.
A loud yell was heard from afar. A piercing yell. A scream more of that. How degrading it was, capable of forcing one to tear their skin apart. It was time. The beast’s conqueror had arrived from her dwelling. Yes, it was the ruler, and she was fiercer than all.
The king and Invicta continued using their weapons, lashing endlessly at the beasts until the beasts themselves separated from them, forming an honorable path for their ruler.
“Is that the shrew? What cowards,” stated Invicta as he dug his spade into the ground.
“That is her. Be strong and we shall cry victory.”
Except for her size, the beast was similar to her offspring. A steady purplish glow on the fur signified she was much more powerful than the rest. Her eyes opened, trying to entrance the king who was now in front of her.
“Don’t stare at her eyes! She will surely hypnotize you enough to bite into your flesh. One bite will contaminate your blood, forcing your body to transform itself to one of these deadly creatures!” informed the king.
“How are we supposed to kill that thing?” asked Invicta as he stared at the sovereign’s feet. He tried ruthlessly not to come in contact with her eyes.
“I’ve been wondering that myself,” Fortis replied, smiling even though the circumstances seemed grim.
The queen was far bigger than her offspring. Around five of her progenies could fit into her large muscular body. Being a queen in her clan, she was quite the beast. The eyebrows narrowed, not that the king or Invicta were able to see such a ferocious stare. The presence of the beast was frightful enough. It might have been a miracle for not being able to see the monster that walked around them.
The beast continued to look upon the men, the king and Invicta feeling her unmerciful stare. They bowed their heads down as if the beast had just pronounced herself queen. With a loud wail, she drove her head upwards and prepared to run towards her enemies. Her children, deathly as they appeared, screamed in delight. The king and Invicta were long from any known victory as they continued standing bold and tall, immobile from their positions as they stared at the ground. They only had limited senses to guide them to their target.
The footsteps sprang upwards. The beast jumped and ran in a rhythmic form, much like a ‘rat’ in a human’s world. The king lanced at the shadow to his side, only to blindly dig his spade into the ground. The ground began to form a small amount of stone around the spade.
Invicta, feeling the creature’s presence on his side, withdrew his golden weapon. He attempted to stab the beast in any vital organs pumping inside. The spade dug into the beast’s stomach, causing no damage whatsoever.
“What happened? My sword was supposed to turn that beast into a golden art piece,” shouted Invicta in disbelief.
“Yes, I did believe I forgot to mention some vital information. The beast can withstand most magical capabilities. Only Sicarius’s diamond ditcher draggers could provide harm,” stated the king as he covered his eyes with his arm.
“We are surely doomed, aren’t we, my king?”
“That we are, but let us not show her our weakness,” replied the king, nodding in concern.
The beast was not far away. Its huge body was merely recovering from the small tingling at its side. She raced with such force towards the king that she knocked him sideways. The king hit the trunk of the trees, his back feeling the impact of sudden pain. Quickly taking one of the pills, his pain soon transformed into comfort.
“Are you all right, my king?” asked Invicta with deep concern as he saw the king slowly getting up from the ground.
“Never been better,” said Fortis with an expression emphasizing his words.
The beast did not let the two men recover; it jumped into the air, landing atop Invicta. Invicta’s sense did not allow him to turn his head away from the creature’s face. The beast’s eyes reflected upon his emerald jewels of sight. The pupil of the beast widened, as if getting a perception of Invicta before finishing him off. The creature’s mouth was open, a small amount of saliva dripping down the red armory that had been shiny only minutes ago. The beast sniffed, causing Invicta’s hair to glide above him. His eyes were petrified as they stared involuntarily upwards. His eyes turned to stone, staring at the rat-like creature as if his body was now hers.
The king ran up to the ugly queen. Noticing the king’s movements, she had her tail slide underneath the king’s feet. Fortis fell once again to the ground. His hands glittered with a sprinkle of gold. The monster stared once again at a paralyzed Invicta. As if realizing what it was meant to do, the beast moved her snout towards the sky and yelled for all her offspring to hear.
As if replying, her descendants also let out a shriek as they ran towards the three men: Invicta under the queen’s grasp, Magni sprawled besides a tree a few yards away from Invicta, and Fortis laying on the ground, slow to stand on his feet.
The queen swiftly lowered her mouth only inches away from Invicta’s throat, now defenseless. The spade was by Invicta’s side, neatly tucked, unusable by its user. The jaws of the beast stopped working its way to the flesh. Its golden eyes blared out in dismay. It gasped. It gaped. Its nostrils flared.
A loud metallic noise was heard, a blade was released from flesh and flesh released by the blade’s sharpness. The beast’s head fell, revealing a cloaked savior. As if the queen of the beasts was their only valuable procession, her offspring screamed in horror as they saw her fall to the ground. Around 20 pairs of eyes stared at the cloaked figure. They snarled with their jaws open as thick saliva dripped down from their protruded lips.
Invicta was still in a trance. Long pale fingers slowly worked their way to the tender face until suddenly slapping it. The quick movement slowly caused a redness to form. The green eyes tightened until breaking like glass. Invicta moved his head, finding a figure atop of him. Awkwardly, Invicta squirmed his legs from underneath the figure and stood up. Without questioning, Invicta grabbed his spade, slicing through one of the creature’s head to his side.
The cloaked figure also got up, stabbing both of the figures behind her. The cloak flew around the mere shadow, gliding into the air as the fingers worked quickly in stabbing the beasts with two small spades. They were quickly taken out as they were pierced in. Bluish blood dripped with every slash of the blades.
The king quickly stood up, for the creatures raced from the trees, landing either in front or behind him. The king turned around, only to find a small group of beasts blocking his escape. A small noise was heard from the throats of the monsters; their eyes blared like flames failing to escape the wood’s burn.
The king smiled in contempt, not believing the extreme circumstances. Waiting patiently, the king released his wrath when one of the beasts lanced out at him. The beast fell to the white sand as a statue, hitting hard against a tree as it deformed the frightful face. The others continued to stare. Three jumped into the air, using their muscular and slick legs to cause damage. The beasts shined through the darkness but were soon petrified in midair as the sword met with the terrifying bodies. The king had jumped as well, somersaulting in midair. As he saw the underbelly of a beast, he did not think twice before jabbing the sharp weapon into the abdominal area of the monster. As for the other two, their fate was not much different.
Invicta, noticing the two shaded creatures, stabbed them. The golden figures fell down on both sides of Invicta. The cloaked figure was knelt down beside the frail body of Magni. Having a cone-shaped purple leaf, the cloaked figure squeezed until a bluish thick liquid slowly poured upon Magni’s now bare back. The liquid sizzled, slowly turning into a reddish smoke. The smoke swiveled around the wounds, as if it were a spirit traveling through the body. Eventually, small amounts of red smoke escaped through the nostrils. Magni’s eyes blared out as he took a large breath of air. The blueness of the eyes had been pale, having no life. Now the blue began to return. The lips began to show life. And the paleness of the face began to evade.
Magni coughed some of his own blood. A golden liquid dripped from his bluish teeth. Small drops shown on the white sand like pebbles at a shore.
“I owe you much,” Magni was barely able to say. An extreme pain was still felt on his back. Slowly it was disappearing.
“Actually I saved you all. If it was not for me you would all be dead. What type of fighting was that anyways?”
“Where were you?” asked Magni
“Away. Long story,” stated the cloaked figure. The figure stared at Magni’s blue eyes. The shadow lifted up the blade and lowered it down, piercing the heart. A strong moan was heard. The ground seemed to shake with such a screech, with such a horror. Blood dripped along the blade and down the pale fingers. Smiling, the cloaked figure said, “Get up now.”
Magni quickly stood up, noticing the creature’s dead body by which the cloaked figure had killed. Several bodies, stoned, golden, and black, lay on the white floor. The dead opened eyes stared at all of them, threatening to curse their souls. How it pierced one’s heart to see such malicious flames brighten the darkest of places. How one wished even such light was not shown in the dark and gloomy place.
There were too many of them all around. Look towards the heavens and golden daggers would look towards the viewer. The jaws were what bothered anyone; the beast’s expressions seemed emotionless except for the gaping mouth. Was it smiling or was it merely laughing mischievously?
The cloaked figure and Magni raced across the white ground, killing every beast in their path. Invicta battled against three creatures that were eager to taste flesh once again. The king on the other hand killed off all the weak bodies that lay on the carpet of death. One by one the eyes were closed, and the beasts dead. All the live ones (which were a few) sprinted away, hoping to escape the death their relatives had endured. Some climbed the trees, making high pitched screeches as the branches of the trees moved, shook, and settled. Their slender bodies, their fur slick as a seals, was the last thing shown as their eyes raced by.
The king walked slowly, limping on one leg. The queen of the beasts had driven into him, causing primarily one of his bones to break and splinter. Fortis used his sword as a cane, digging the spade into the white ground and gradually moving his body to the blade’s place. The king’s eyes, however, did not show pain. They were confident. They were victorious. Standing still for a while, having his back towards the hooded figure, the king asked, “I owe you my life, for you have given it to me.”
The hooded figure took off the hood, revealing a feminine body. Her face was as pale as snow and her short black hair shown like the puddle of dark mud, much like the beasts. Her jaws were slightly different from others, yet seemingly normal.
Invicta sat along a tree, looking at the ground at his reflection in a small puddle. Noticing the familiar face he smiled and shook his head in incredulity. He looked up at the figure, “Sicarius.”
Sicarius smiled. The smile never seemed as happy as it should have. It always seemed as if an evil thought was lurking. It was always mysterious, that smile. “Of course. Who else would it be otherwise?”
The king turned his head as he faced Sicarius. He did not smile nor did he congratulate her for the victory she helped to achieve. His eyebrows lifted up above his eyes. This was the only movement the king produced. Sicarius lifted her right slender eyebrow as if not understanding the situation at hand.
“My king, you seem unhappy?” stated Sicarius. It could not be deciphered whether she was asking a question or stating a fact.
“I am not sure what to believe,” stated the king frowning. He had remembered his brother at his queen’s side. Could it be that Sicairus was merely a traitor to the land? “I cannot trust anyone.”
“You are talking blasphemy my king. I am Sicarius. What more do you seek?”
“There are things I have seen. My step brother attempts to take over the land. With me away, his power will be too great. My queen has already fallen into his hands.”
“Furtim should have died. I was the one that killed him,” said Sicarius as she looked down to the ground.
“Of course, you’re the one who ‘killed’ him! Or did you let him go as the others have?”
“My king, do not think such things,” said Magni as he walked by Sicarius’s side. Yet small, the tear could still be slightly seen as it eased to fall down her cheeks.
“Behold a traitor has been brought to the surface!” stated the king pointing at Sicarius with his rigid finger. His face wrinkled in disdain and utter anger. His words trudged the surface of the ground.
“My king, you do not understand,” Sicarius forced the words before tightening her eyes in refusal to hear the king’s wordings. Her mouth narrowed downwards, causing her lips to protrude outwards.
The king began to turn around; he walked towards the distance, not wanting to see the traitor again. “It was an awful thing, it really was. My daggers, not the ones that the vines had bestowed me, failed to cut through the strong flesh of such a man. I remember the day; it was cloudy, probably much like today. I had spotted him perched on a rock by the shores. Surprisingly he had been alone; many of his defenders had wandered off and I began to think it was a set up. Nevertheless, urges crept up my body as I wanted to kill him. His eyes showed the jealousy of his brother’s triumph over him. He destined to kill you! I held the blade across his neck. He had known, nonetheless. He grabbed my arm with such speed it gave me hardly enough time to kick him in the jaw. My blade had fallen along a rock, slid in a corner out of my reach. I lay on the ground for I had to bear the fact of defeat. But I stood up, wanting to challenge him further. He held the blade by which I had destined to kill him. Yet, he did not kill me as I had suspected. Seeing such a beautiful body in front of him, it was obvious he had other plans. He brought his arm around me; I could feel his coldness touch my bare back. How I loathed such a feeling! But it was all in my favor. He held my jaws as if I were a manikin and brought my lips close to his. I bit above those plump lips I so despised, leaving only a small bite mark as a token of my pride,” stated Sicarius silently as she stared upon the ground.
The king had turned around, intrigued by Sicarius’s story. “Please go on,” he spoke.
“He had known then my secret. He said some words quietly to himself. A green cloud of smoke had enveloped me as I was pushed away from the scene. I do remember, however, that he lay sprawled on the ground. I had hoped and thought that such bite would kill him as I had not done such a thing in the past. I awoke but did not see him. I was hidden beneath the sands”
“I understand Sicarius. Because of this bite he may be in search of you. Your bite may enable you to see him, and with time, control his very thoughts. It is quite a complicated procees I am afraid,” replied the king. He walked towards Sicarius, using his blade as a cane once again. “I am sorry for doubting you. Is this why you left so quickly when I tried to congratulate you?” He knelt on the ground and kissed Sicarius’s tender hand.
Sicarius continued to frown even though no tear dripped from the sides of her eyes. “I tried so hard to tell you, but my tongue failed to say such thing until it was already too late.”
“I saw him through the fires in the fireplace,” he said.
“Ah yes, that was when I nearly won the duel,” sighed Magni as he narrowed his eyes at Sicarius. Sicarius smiled malevolently, elevating her eyebrows in domination.
“How did you survive anyways?” asked Invicta as he encircled around her while she stared at the king.
“The dragon saved me as the king had requested it to do. The red dragon had exploded and I fell below it. The underbelly was clearly visible from my view. I could not see the ground, for I was facing upwards as in a sleeping position. And then I closed my eyes. When I woke up I was by a fountain. A mixture of trees, much like these, bordered the woods. I stared into the waters, a silky silver substance shown my reflection. I did not understand until the slightest touch of my finger showed what I wished to see. The fountain was magical, more than I had anticipated in such a dark place that contained no magic. I saw all three of you in the shadows. I was able to see all three of you walking and hearing a mixture of screeches. Creatures walked above you and I knew what loathsome monsters haunted through the trees. I began to run towards the path I felt was correct, but before I did so, a cloak floated on the thick silver liquid. I lifted it up and wrapped myself with it.”
“The fountain only appears when necessary. I have never encountered such magical artwork. You are very fortunate. As for the cloak, its sole purpose may only be for camouflage. I have no real certainty of its capabilities,” informed the king as he studied the gift.
“Neither do I. But does it not look awfully marvelous on me?” asked Sicarius, modeling herself before the others. Noticing she was among only men, she quickly felt awkward, “Why am I always the only lady among you men?” Invicta and Magni laughed as the king smiled.
“It’s because no lady is worth enough to be in our company,” stated Magni while holding her hand.
“It is true. Magicalis recommends you again and again,” Fortis stated.
“It is so!” yelled Sicarius, “But enough of this sweet talk. We got to be going!”
“Of course!” said Fortis. He pulled out his compass and waited for the letters to be inscribed onto the rock. He moved around until he was able find the letter he wished to see—O. “We must go forward from here. I do not know what else may lie in our path. Castles possibly, maybe graves…”
“How about more beasts?” asked Magni.
“Possibly. What we saw is surely not the last. For a dragon to be seen in the air is by far the greatest sign that this dark land has evolved,” answered the king.
All three proceeded along the path. There were slight noises to be heard in the distance, possibly caves in which the wind was trapped in. It made a whistle screech-like noise in the quiet environment. The fog was starting to diminish, but as far as the eyes could see, only darkness lay in the path. The trees were much taller, the trunks protruding high into the sky as the branches stretched out long and far. The purplish sky could not be seen or dreamt of. Only a slight glow was seen from the reflection the silver trees produced, a glow which enabled them to see in such gloomy hollows.
“I must say, this placed is quite the eeriest I have ever been in,” opinioned Sicarius as she frowned at every corner of the deep woods.
“At least the beasts have forever left us,” said Invicta.
“I’m quite hungry actually,” said Sicarius randomly.
“Very well, however, I must note that a drop of blood is needed as a sacrifice for food or water,” informed the king. He opened his hand to be offered for sacrifiction.
“My king, we are the ones here to serve you,” said Sicarius as she offered her own wrist.
“A king must always serve his land, not the other way around,” said the king wisely. He grabbed the red sack and searched for the small crystal vile. Finding the vile containing the seeds for the Tree of Life, Fortis unscrewed the nicely crafted crystal cap. A shimmering sound was heard, echoing ever so calmly through the forest.
“The seeds are alive,” informed the king. Only one seed fell on the king’s palm, rolling until stopping at the center. The seed, being green and spiked, rolled along the king’s flesh. It stood still for a few seconds until it drove itself into the king’s skin. It disappeared except for the slight movement that could be seen above the skin’s surface. The seed was essentially in the king’s blood stream, moving through it with a profound quickness. The seed stirred along the palm, the spikes protruding the skin outwards until making a small sliver into the skin.
The small seed escaped as a small golden drop covered the seeds surface. The king dropped it onto the white ground. As soon as the seed touched the smallest grain of white sand, the small spiraled trunk of the tree began to form. The branches extended outwards and buds began to take the form on each border. The tree was a deep white color, much like the ground even though the ground itself could not compare with the pureness of the tree. Once the tree grew to its full size, the buds began to blossom slowly. The petals that were once curled up so tightly that air could not surpass, uncurled to reveal small star-shaped golden flowers.
The flowers did not stop there, however. From the hollow middle of the flower, a fruit of some kind grew outwards. The tip of the golden fruit could be seen from afar as the middle half protruded out of the flower head. This quick movement caused the petals to fall down and reveal the gift of the tree. Four of these fruits were found along the branches of the small tree.
“Are we eating your blood?” asked Sicarius as she noticed the fruit’s deep golden color similar to the king’s blood.
“Logically it is my blood, but the tree has made it pure enough to eat. It is much like filthy water for a plant. The plant uses the water but it does not necessarily produce a fruit with dirt,” answered the king.
“I have long given up the taste of blood,” said Sicarius calmly. She raised her toes up enough for her to attain the small golden fruit that hung above her head. The fruit was medium-sized, much like the size of a mango. It seemed moist, despite the metallic appearance. Sicarius gently opened her mouth, exposing sharp canines as they dug into the fruit of life while the others watched in bewilderment. It was nothing Sicarius had ever tasted before; the fruit was moist and warm. The fruit had small fibers that wrapped around her tongue with each bite, producing a taste that had never been felt. It tingled her taste buds to their full power. The fruitlet was sweet and the texture produced calmness to her soul.
While the surface of the fruit was a vibrant golden color that shined even in the darkness, the inside of the ovalish fruit was a lively silver color. Sicarius ate the last bit with enchantment, causing the silvery juice to drip down her reddened lips. She pressured her lips, taking in more of the sugary juice. “What am I? The fruit is not poison!” sneered Sicarius, her eyes blaring from the delight the fruit had given her.
Invicta, Magni, and the king each plucked the fruit from the tree, taking slow bites as Sicarius had done before them. Each felt the sensation and power the fruit produced as the fruit’s juice raced through the blood stream of each of them. The tree stood bold and tall, illuminating the area with a bright light before wilting into the ground.
Invicta let out a long sigh, tasting the last pieces of flesh of the sugary fruit. “I cannot wait much longer my king! Take out the seeds for the water!” said Invicta in exasperation.
“Of course!” shouted the king as he smiled gingerly. His velvet sack grew wider and longer with a simple magical phrase. It was not a word of magic that had converted the bag, for the bag was already elemental. Feeling inside the sack, the king felt the different vials until he touched the metal box in which his wife’s life was placed into. The king’s eyes widened in horror as he comprehended his brother would be after such a seed.
“My king?” asked Magni with concern as he saw the king’s mind race before his eyes, “The seeds?”
“Ah yes, I just had the vial in my hand. Here it is!” the king said, raising the small vial containing the small spiked seeds that were seemingly moistened. They waited patiently to taste a drop of pure golden blood. The vial, like the Tree of Life, reflected the light. It shined like a star in which several rays of light came off of the crystal bottle. The king changed his face of admiration to one that seemed to question, “Who will sacrifice this time?”
Understanding the king’s concern, Magni offered to sacrifice a drop of his blood. “I will contentedly offer my blood for sacrifice,” he stated as he walked towards the king.
The king nodded in a serious manner before opening the small vial. A small pop was heard that echoed through the small or potentially vast forest. Holding his hand open, Magni allowed the king to let a small soft seed to fall atop his palm. At first it seemed as if the seed was too soft to drill itself into the flesh to retrieve what it so delighted to taste—blood. The seed, however, refused to drill itself as if waiting for the blood to come before it. This is essentially what happened. Magni stared at his palm as blood began to surpass the flesh and onto the surrounding of the seed’s moistened spikes. As if the seed had commanded it to do so, the blood raced along the skin. Slowly the liquid moved onto the seed as the seed began drink the juice much like a sponge.
The seed succumbed to the golden liquid, tasting it until it swelled twice the size. The spikes became to bulge, seemingly exploding if the seed was not dropped in the white ground. Magni slowly moved his right hand downwards until his hand was in a vertical position. He watched as the mystifying blue seed fell onto a deep white blanket. As it fell, the surrounding area became a mixture of a blue pigment, as if a brush containing the blue metallic color had been randomly flicked around the path. The blue pigment did not stop there, however; friskily it spread around the surface like invisible air spreading across one’s very nose.
Within minutes the blue color rose up, creating the outline of a majestic white fountain finished with outlines of a blue metallic color. The fountain was almost as tall as the tree, having three fountains that were positioned from smallest to largest. The sides of the fountain had engravings of fauns, their horns boldly standing out of the center of their heads. A small harp stood in each of their hands, and in some engravings, swords defined the weapons the creatures used for the battle before them.
Four golden goblets rose from the water that was springing out of the heavenly fountain. They floated into the air, motionless for all to observe. However, the goblets began to vibrate and tilt until they fell to the ground. The trees around prevented such magical event to take place.
“It’s the trees,” stated the king as Invicta began to question the falling of the golden cups.
The sound of the fountain’s springing water was filled with mystical and rhythmical sounds as the four warriors knelt down before the fountain to retrieve the goblets.
The goblets also contained engravings and red jewels that sparkled with every slight movement. Sicarius wiped her cup with her cloak, removing the small amounts of white powder which had been trapped between the crevices of the engravings.
The men simply blew off the excess of the dirt and went up to fountain’s enchantment. A small amount of mist seemed to come off of the silver waters. The king dipped his golden goblet and raised the filled chalice to his lips. The liquid was thicker than water but thinner than a fruit’s tender juice. The liquid slowly moved to each side of the king’s mouth. A slight sting was produced from the refreshing liquid, but it was one that was kind to the surface of the tongue. Slowly the sugar calmed the spiciness. All four of them drank their last cupful of the fountain’s water until even the sight of the spring seemed to make the thirst for the water disappear.
“It was truly water from the heavens,” said Invicta as he licked his lips one last time.
“We must be leaving; the forest is only the superficial part of the land. There is far more to come, either for good or for bad,” stated the king who was already walking in the distance even though the fog was thickening. It spread across the branches of the trees like spider webs clinging through any harsh weather.
All four began walking, not too slow and not to briskly as to conserve their energy. The distance could hardly be seen, only the trees before them stood tall and bold, bold and tall, silent and still. They had no idea of what was to be before them or what was to come. They did not know where their fates lied or if they had a deathly fate to begin with. Their fate was like the fog and the fog was like their fate, hiding their destiny from their eye’s reach.



Chapter 7

In Shades of Darkness


The castle that stood still seemed as if a cloud of darkness had covered the surface, for it did not seem the same. Perhaps it was that the mermaidens were not jumping from the surface of the water as they had been only days ago. Or maybe it was the dancers that were not producing a joy for the people. Or even yet, it might have been that the king was not present and that his brother had reclaimed the land.
It was that simple was it not? The king for sure did not think of any other possible circumstances of the land so easily succumbing to an enemy. Within days, his brother had claimed the land, running it as his own. Yes, it might have taken some time to convince the people of the king’s unfortunate tragedy—death in the land of Malum. Only those most loyal to king questioned the lie the kingdom faced, for they knew such a thing was nearly impossible to happen.
But yet the vines did not provide comfort, for very few understood its power and much less yielded themselves to such enchantment. If only they knew. If only they understood how the vines worked, perhaps the land would not face such judgment. But Furtim was all too smart for the people. He had known the king would leave and had provided a curse to overtake the tender body of the woman he so loved. So many curses and so much magic the man used! It was disheartening to do such drastic acts, so easy to proceed.
Furtim had walked through one of the castle’s immense rooms in which important discussions were made to benefit the land. The soldiers at the doorway did not in any way attempt to attack him. All that saw him feared him.
As if it were already his, the king had taken one step at a time, walking atop the white marble of the room. The room had several chairs bordering the long bluish table in the middle. Large black bookcases bordered the red walls, with clusters of different colored books that provided feelings and thought. Some of the books contained the important history of the land; some of them contained the secrets. Even so, Furtim walked to the balcony that was the main focus of the gigantic and magical palace. His black cape, with silvery borders, had dragged until his stopping position along the terrace. It overlooked the long bridge that connected the land to its ruler and the enchanting courtyard before the majestic wooden door— the entrance. This is where the people stood, waiting patiently for what the ‘ruler’ had to say. The inhabitants of the land had not yet understood the events that had proceeded with the land being so easily given to a stranger of a villain.
Furtim took a deep black powder from a small sack and threw it into the air. The inhabitants watched in concern, not comprehending the meaning of such a drastic and random act. The powder floated in the air, failing to fall as gravity had destined it to. A small breeze that began to intensify blew along the sides of the castle until it caught the black powder and pushed it forward. The powder spread across the sky, more and more of it! The sky began to multiply! To duplicate! To darken! The crowd watched in horror as small amounts of the black powder began to fill the once colorful sky to a deep black color that was by far the blackest the kingdom dwellers had ever seen it.
“What strange thing is that?” asked a tall thin man. He was somewhat elderly which was clearly noticed by his curled up silver beard. He was possibly a few hundred less than a thousand. “The horror! Brothers, is that not the man the king has warned us about without our listening?”
An elderly woman lifted up a lens to her face, “Why it is! Why, I remember as clearly as if it were a year ago Fredrick! I am most certain this man is a villain, a thief the land has bestowed in our presence.” She had curled ginger hair that wrapped around on the sides of her soft chubby face. Her eyes were a deep green with a hint of gold, intensifying her face to that of anger.
“What is it you say, Hilga?” asked one of the young women in the crowd. She was also tall; the sides of her body curved around her waist until narrowing to two slim legs. Her blondish hair was swirled upwards in a peculiar style by which a small veil was attached. The veil lowered itself, covering her face in mystery. Her lips were posed and tightened with deep thought, trying to perceive what was happening. She did not like it one bit. She was young, and unlike the elderly, she still had a life to live through. She did not want to live in a hellish lifestyle. This would be the worst that could happen: barely starting to get settled in the beautiful atmosphere and have her desires overturned by a hideous evil villain.
“Splenda! That man! Do you not see him? The one throwing that awful dark powder. Look at what he has done! We shall not trust such a defiant man this land has so cruelly bestowed to us!” yelled Hilga. Her face turned a deep red color and her eyebrows narrowed. As she yelled out her words, the small amount of fat tucked so neatly underneath her chin wobbled up and down, back and forth.
The black powder that seemed to spread all across the sky slowly turned into smoke that wrapped around the purplness the sky produced. It was clearly devastating for all of the land. Several of the inhabitants did not quite understand the effects of such black magic, for the darkness of the sky was never seen by the people. Hilga blocked her face with her chubby arms, trying to desperately evade herself from any destructive elements that Furtim may have produced. Fredrick knelt on the floor, also covering his face with his long slender arms while his tall hat tilted towards the ground.
Furtim smiled at the sudden chaos he had so keenly produced. The smile was dangerous to all that saw it, for it haunted many. It was ironic how such a tyrant could be evil at heart and still have the potential to spread his lips wide enough to produce a disheartening smile. The sky was suddenly dark and gloomy as if a deep fog had divided the bright purple sky from the inhabitants that lived underneath.
The stranger’s voice echoed like an intercom through the vast environment so all could hear at their own disposal. “Greetings! I am not who you may think I am. I am neither a villain nor an enemy to whom you should despise. The king has so harshly perished from the land; he had a slow and agonizing death trying to fulfill the dreams this land had so patiently lured for,” said Furtim. He walked from side to side of the balcony while his head fell to the ground in seemingly sadness. His arms extended towards his back as his hands clasped behind him. “He will always be a true hero in our hearts, for he truly was one to whom many admired. As his devoted brethren, I will make certain these dreams become a reality!”
Most of the dwellers listened to what the strange man had to say. Due to the light darkness, the man was hardly visible. No one was able to see his wide smile, the evil smile bearing teeth in which he would willingly bite the heart of the kingdom to dominate it for an eternity.
“How are we certain that our king died? What does Sapientem or the other kings have to say about this? Where is the queen? I want answers and I want them now!” yelled Fredrick, whom had slowly lifted his head up. He quickly stood up while holding his hat to his side. He had long pointed ears, and his hair, which was long and soft, was a light lime green in color.
“Why, I will most certainly show proof in a time’s day. I will show you his head!” stated Furtim. Only his cold and raspy voice echoed through the courtyard for all to hear. The inhabitants quickly got used to the deep dull color that surrounded them. They finally noticed it did not affect them except for their lack of sight. Only candles that hung around the sides of the palace spread a steady bluish light source throughout the small garden by which was positioned so humbly before the villain.
“As the people of the land, we will give you only short days!” yelled an instructor who taught at the local school of magic and weaponry. He had a dull red bow tie, long shabby pants, and his blue hair was neatly combed back. All in all, the man seemed intelligent and young with his small peculiar bluish eyes and his stout facial expression. He was thin and slightly tall; his thinness may have made him appear taller than he really was. A pair of brown glasses clung to the sides of his ears, quickly changing to a bold black color as if enforcing his demand.
“As you please. The king’s head will be laid in your hands,” stated Furtim, enjoying the ordeal of the people. He smiled peculiarly even though he was slightly annoyed by the man’s argument. He did not think twice about wanting to kill him and saved the note deep in his bloody skull. “Any more questions?” asked Furtim promptly. He turned away from the balcony and began walking away, not waiting for an answer to interfere with what he pleased.
“Where is the queen?” asked the same man. Furtim halted. The sides of the instructor’s face began to let out a thin liquid which dripped along his lips and down his chin. He went down to the ground, falling to his knees. His glasses fell onto the bright blue grass, exposing his agitated eyes. Deep thin golden veins bulged out until his eyes were quickly covered with the golden liquid. He screamed in agony. His skin began to become flimsy and his arms fell to the ground along with his body. The body seemed merely a puddle that reflected the terrifying face of the man. He had once taught of such important things that magic had done for the land, having his fate ending in death by magic itself.
As if not noticing the man’s deadly fate, Furtim turned around to the crowd and lifted a stick that was covered with blue flames. “The king’s wife? She is dead.” After his answer he walked away from the startled crowd.
“What magic could that be?”
“Do you really suppose he committed this crime?”
“It was possibly a potion the instructor drank. Remember last time? He nearly drowned in his own saliva! Those potions are deadly I tell you! No one should be taking his or her own medicine! That is preposterous!”
The citizens gathered around the body, staring at the blank face, for there was no face at all. The face was where the stomach should have been, and for the stomach? Well that was where the feet were supposed to be. Everything was swapped, for the body had been oddly melted. The people lowered their heads, many of the women wished the man well and the men nodded as if asserting what the women had said. After a few minutes of silence the people stared at the sky that had once been glowing a rich purple color. As if just noticing the change, many screamed in anger, bewilderment, and sadness, not to mention terror. The darkness felt evil and strange to the inhabitants, for they had forgotten such a drastic change in their lifestyles.
“Darkness has never been spoken of since the days of Malum! Only a few have remembered the sudden change. Sapientem must help us, for we have been deceived. That man is not who he says he is! He is a tyrant, a traitor who shall not be our ruler!” said Fredrick as he pointed at the blank balcony with a sudden rage.
Some of the children began to cry, clinging onto their mothers for support. Some of the mothers brushed long pink hair; others brushed a light green hair from the sticky tears that slid from the saddened eyes of their dear children. Still, others ran their long soft fingers through bright purple hair, trying to comfort the girls. The boys stood firmly by their fathers, positioned in a courageous stance. They had been nicely trained since the beginning of time to show a lack of emotions.
Many felt no point in waiting around the courtyard, and returned to their homes. The houses that stretched throughout the colorful land were rather small. There was no use in being cocked up inside when Mother Nature supplied a heavenly day where the sky shined for an infinity amount of times. That is, before Furtim so cruelly turned off their only light source. The houses were made of ivory metallic colored bricks, most made from certain trees the land produced. The houses rose up to three stories high, but were magically constructed rather thin. All the houses seemed to be constructed by the same magicianary architect, for all were similar in appearance except for the brooms that lay here and there or the flowers that chose where to be placed.
They were much like miniature styled castles, those houses. The houses had dormitories, but it was rather used more of a napping place. They were only small enough to place a mossy cushion in which to lie upon. These rooms were hardly used, only for resting purposes in times of life, sickness, or death. The kitchen, dining area, and living room were the largest rooms of the house, for it was where family and friends would gather around and gossip. In a rather small land as this, there was always gossip to be heard.
Many would talk about a new potion that was created, or how a professor had a deep sickness upon him. They might even talk about the new fashion that was erupting. They might then drift the conversation to how Scarlet, a young lady, looked bizarre with her new hairstyle. Or even yet, they would note how her shoes lifted her higher than the week before. Some would talk about the king and how he seemed stressed, or even how the queen was rarely seen in the gardens in the present days. But now what was there to talk about? The man named Furtim had stolen the people of everything they had: their kin for one thing, their queen, possibly a widely known professor, and the only light source they had. They were all in the same dreadful situation which ironically brought them closer.
Many glints of the blue light source were seen scattered across the terrestrial environment as each individual walked briskly to their miniature castles. There was no point in attempting to live life as before in the darkness. The darkness produced a dreamy-like appearance and all the residents of the land began to sleep a deep night’s sleep.
Furtim walked across the white marbled tiles, climbing down carved and decorated stairs while observing the castle that had so easily been forced into his hands. He knew the king did not expect his arrival. All he needed was to bring his head and he knew the task would be quite easy. The queen would not be able to even attempt to stop him for she was powerless, frozen in time. He knew if he wanted continuous domination, he needed an army to defend himself from Sapientem and the other lower kings of the land. Fortis was the dominant leader of the entire land, but he had appointed Sapientem and other individuals as rulers of smaller portions.
Furtim’s bluish veins that ran along his arms and hands continued to bulge, for he had used magic to kill. It was quite easy. The ancient spell had worked for a long while and only studious individuals of such magic were capable of doing such a wonder.
He had already influenced several warriors to fight for him. Others refused and walked away from him across the bridge. The false king had wanted to kill them but supposed that they would walk to where the king was, hoping to see through them with his magical capabilities. He had already said the spell; it was far too late for anyone to stop it from happening. The spell had injected itself into the bodies of the warriors and would supply the new king with senses if he would ever want to use them. They would only last for so long, however. The warriors would never have noticed, for the spell worked quickly and in seconds the task would have been called complete. Furtim strolled outside, climbing each stair slowly and carefully until he ended at the bottom of the spiraled staircase.
He looked above him and laughed a deep croaky laugh that began from his chest and traveled towards his throat. The laugh was hideous in itself, and thank goodness no one was able to see such deformed face of laughter. The powder was easy to make, the one that produced the darkness. The particles were from the land of Malum and when crushed to the size of dust, it could be easily thrown high into the air, producing a steady darkness. Sure the citizens would object, but the darkness would hide all.
He walked to the Vines of Fatum, able to hear the slithery noise the vines produced in the distance. Using a torch, he used the bright blue light to guide him to his destination. The last time he had been to the vines was around 100 years ago, when he was very close to his brother. They would play and run and dare each other one after another time to go through the vines and seek their destiny. It was all known that Fortis would be the named king in the land even though he was quite younger than Furtim. One of the times, when Fortis was younger than he was old, the vines had bestowed him a crown much like the one he wore. It was golden and shined a steady reflection of the king’s face. The vines had chosen him and he raced to tell his father and mother. But they were never to be seen. Only the blood on the floor was smeared onto the walls and marbled floor. Before the crown, Furtim had received a nice reddish dagger from the vines. It produced steady small flames that bordered the blade along the edges; it was a remarkable device and he understood what he must do with it. He should have killed his brother when he had the chance.
Once Fortis was pronounced king of the land, Furtim strongly grew a dislike towards him. The Vines had failed him. He attempted one time after another to kill the king, but the vines did not let the king’s fate to end. The vines always bestowed to the king a goblet, spoon, or other object to determine if his food had poison. It would bestow the king weapons to defend himself from a phantom snake that crawled along his mossy resting place when he had carelessly drunken a cup of Somnum.
One of the warriors stood by the vines, his golden cuffs along his arms and legs producing a sudden glow with the blue flames. He had thin metal armor of some sort that covered his legs, but his chest was fully exposed. Still, a metal necklace ran along his bare neck. His chest was chiseled; the light produced different shades along every indentation of muscle he bore. Despite the chilliness in the air, the man stood firm and still, looking directly at the new king he feared. “Greetings, my king,” said the man as he bowed down.
“Proditor,” Furtim said nodding his head downwards, “Have you gone into the vines?”
“Of course not! You stated not to,” said Proditor, his voice echoing through the courtyard.
“Very well. I will speak soon of the plans that will soon transform this land after the vines provide me with guidance.”
“Of course!” stated Proditor. He formed a wide ugly smile, not as ugly as his master’s but still hideous to look upon, “Follow through, my Lord.”
The newly pronounced king went through the vines. A small amount of slime covered his wide smooth cheek. The small stubbles beginning to form around the sides of Furtim’s face became covered by the vine’s mucus. After he entered into the other side of the vines, he pressed his cold hands against his cheeks and steadily wiped the excess off his face. He held the torch on the opposite hand as to not cause a fire, not that it would matter since the vines would never and could never be destroyed. The torch, however, was not the only object aglow; the vines seemed to sense the presence of an important individual, and as to light the path, the vines caused a white moss to grow. Suddenly a shimmer on the floor was produced.
Furtim examined his surroundings. Much of the plants the vines had bestowed had changed since the last time he had so keenly went through them. Plants rose with white fuzz balls and others rose with curled up golden stems. Furtim, however was not there for a precise flower. He was in need of a specific potion, a rare potion that had long been banned in the land since the days of Malum. Only a solid few knew of the ingredients it contained. He pulled his black sleeves up, making his shoulders seem more muscular than they really were. He slowly moved his arm towards the vines as the armory reflected the slithering before him. He shook his head and laughed silently as he felt the power of the vines. He had done this before and each time it seemed as if it were something new, as if one time the vines would slowly gnaw at his body.
Nevertheless, he took one of his arms into the constricting vines. The lubed vines easily wrapped around his arms as he dug in deeper, searching for an item the vines would bestow to him in order to fulfill the destiny he longed for. The vines were feeling, they were thinking. Furtim moved his arm violently, stirring his hand to the right and left in frustration. His eyes became wider as he stared in disbelief. As if finally awakening from its deep sleep, the vines finally produced an object that neatly fell onto Furtim’s hand.
The object was rather small and Furtim smiled, for he knew it was the object he was in search of. It was a crystal vile. He knew it had to be, but the vines always worked in mysterious ways. The vines entwined along his arm, making the task of pulling his hand out of the wall rather difficult. Memories began flooding Furtim’s mind. The people he had killed, the people he had loved, and how his life had been transformed for forever more. These were the memories the vines had remembered of Furtim.
Furtim pulled harder until the vines released their grasp. He stared at his arm first. Three gashes were seen. While they were thin, they still let out a small amount of golden blood that only smeared the scar that was already starting to form. Furtim gasped uncontrollably for a reason unknown. Perhaps it was the memories that the vines were trying so hard to grasp. The vines would do such things. It was not a plant, those vines. It was far more complex than any inhabitant of the land, not to mention mysterious as well. It was slightly odd that such a masterpiece did not serve the land, but the other way around.
Furtim wiped the small amount of perspiration that so smoothly covered his forehead, having his long bangs stick against his skin. As if finally realizing what he had been there to do in the first place, Furtim lifted up his right hand, wanting to know if his small journey to the vines were of worth. The vines had let him down for the most part, but it started to seem as if the new king and the vines would find a keen friendship indeed. Furtim nodded in admiration. He lifted his face above, only to see a dark golden two headed snake stick two large tongues out at him. Long fangs shown as the serpent’s snout curled upwards, exposing the throat with a small sack of pure venom. The eyes of the large creature stared in such pity at the man that Furtim began to question the vines.
But he knew all too well that the vines had been correct, for they always were. After all, destiny, as everyone knew could hardly be reversed. With one small jump, Furtim reached up to the snake and grabbed it by the one throat that connected the two necks into one. The snake’s eyes blared out and the corners narrowed in disapproval. Furtim raised a small dagger in an attempt to pierce the monsters neck, but lowered his blade with a second thought.
“We will both conquer this land,” Furtim stated, admiring the surreptitious creature as he held it. “Credo omnes parati sunt,” stated the serpent. The mouth did not move, yet a silent evil whisper was clearly heard. Furtim knew what snake it was and was certain the serpent would be of some use to him. The snake had spoken that the kingdom had already been conquered by them. These type of serpents never lied.
Only a few were able to interpret the serpent’s silent whisper. Only the serpent itself chose whether to speak and serve a master. It knew all of the present and could decipher what might become. These snakes were rare in the land, most only found in the oddest of places.
Furtim lowered himself to the ground before the snake. A small amount of mist from above gently covered him with a small amount of water. The snake gleamed with the droplets that created a metallic shine on the black scales that shimmered golden colors. The snake curled itself along the arm, having the neck with the two heads lay upon the palm of the man. Furtim walked slowly into the vines and returned to the land he had so recently claimed.
Proditor nodded once again, seemingly anticipating his master’s return. He noticed the serpent along his arms and knew the power it contained. He carefully reached outwards, his tan hand inching forwards to touch the small glinting scales. The serpent had something else in mind, however. Only centimeters away from the snake’s belly, Proditor swiftly moved his hand upwards as the snake’s jaws attempted to bite the tender hand.
“It is very well trained, is it not?” asked Furtim. Proditor nodded quickly, a few drops of sweat dripping from his hairless head. His entire face gleamed with a small amount of sweat as his eyes lowered in dismay. Furtim’s eyes gleamed all the more as if planning an evil deed once again.
“Of course,” said Proditor as his king encircled him slowly. His black cloak dragged along the short grass, catching a few amounts of blades in the process. “As I could not have anyone know of my intentions, and you have so keenly gone into the vines without my permission, I have no use of you.”
The serpent knew what it was destined to do, its jaws aching from not having its ferocious teeth sink into cold soft flesh. It did not wait for the ‘king’ to call upon it. The king moved his arm towards the muscular man before him as the serpent dug its wide jaws into Proditor’s neck, producing two large bite marks at a mere angle. It seemed as if Proditor’s neck was stitched in two areas. But it was not so, for a silver liquid gave way out of the snakes mouth, a venom contaminating the man’s body.
Proditor did not die instantly; it would be a slow and agonizing death. He lowered to his knees before his master. His face was motionless, for he could not speak and his eyes became blurry as a deep grey fog covered him from his vision.
“You have lied to me and liars shall be killed. Do you understand now? Besides, you were not much use to me anyways,” said Furtim as he stroked the left head of the serpent until his hand stroked the neck connecting the two heads. “You were nothing more than a servant. You have served me well for the time being but those days I have longed to be over, for now I have a kingdom of my own. I saw fresh prints, prints only you could have made recently. So long my comrade.”
Furtim turned around, having his back face Proditor. Proditor’s body slowly fell to the ground face ward up. Proditor’s face began to turn into stone, his skin bubbling like stew all around his face and arms. He reached into the side of the armory around his waist, bestowing a small red vile.
“Ego vereor vir est non mortuus,” slithered the snake. It looked behind Furtim even though they were inside the palace and a thick wall lied between Furtim and the courtyard in which Proditor should have been laid.
Furtim looked in back of him as well, not wanting to go outside to see Proditor’s dead body. He knew the snake’s bite had killed him. Of course it would take a few minutes to an hour for the body to be fully encased by stone. It was impossible for Proditor to escape such agony; Furtim knew all too well he would suffer. “Of course he is dead. You bit him, did you not?”
“Sic,” the serpent stated. The two heads returned to face in the direction its master walked even though it sensed Proditor’s body still throbbing with life. This troubled the serpent deeply, for it did not understand how such an ordinary man as he could have survived even one bite, much less two. It forgot the fact and abided to the king’s prediction of the man’s agonizing death.
“Very well. What shall you be named?” Furtim questioned the sly serpent as it traveled along his thick neck, wrinkling the now red cloak newly adjusted at his shoulders.
“Callidus,” slithered the snake into the king’s ear. The tongue’s torch-like shape tickled Furtim’s ear to the brink of a course laughter. It did not sound pleasing, however. Furtim’s heart soon turned like stone, stopping the brief laughter that had caused an echo to form through the lighted hallway.
“I have always trusted serpents, for they are much different from inhabitants. I will name you my own, Callidus, for you have already served me once,” stated Furtim as he walked back towards the room in which the long table stood still and the bookshelves outlined the walls of small room. He walked towards the balcony which oversaw the darkness of the land. He brought out the small crystal vial containing a dark green liquid that bubbled as if wanting to escape the small container; it yearned for destruction.
Callidus looked at the vial with admiration, following it as Furtim straightened his arm before the balcony. He opened the emerald skulled top, and turned the vile towards the dark ground. The liquid of which the vile stored slowly eased itself towards the tip as gravity menacingly pulled the filth to down below. The liquid was thick and seemed as if a rare plant containing green leaves had been carefully smashed, producing a thick liquid bubbling with destructive elements.
Because of the sudden submergence of air, the liquid bubbled more viciously. As each bubble formed, it stretched the liquid out until it could no longer expand further. Finally they burst. Slowly a small drop of the textured substance, not even worth being called a liquid, fell to the ground below in which purple stems produced a mixture of bluish flowers. The blue flowers suddenly degraded as did the other plants around the small drop. The moistened petals crumbled like a dead leaf until they dropped one by one to the ground along with the stem that had so keenly supported the immense blossoms.
The ground in which the drop lied upon shook as if a creature was digging underneath. Jagged cracks formed along the ground and stretched a few feet across the courtyard. The dirt began to move back and forth in a rhythmic manner until all the living in the courtyard became dry and degraded; only the dry stems of the plants lay upon the ground like useless toothpicks at the brink of falling. The wind swirled around in circles. Faster and faster! It did not let go of destruction. It did not ease. It did not have mercy.
A shadow appeared in the middle of the dirt swirl pool. It was slightly kneeled and a fisted hand pressed against the ground to support its body weight. Once the wind calmed, the dirt that was pushed into the darkness quickly fell down as if the small grains of sand were smooth pebbles. A small amount of dirt polluted the environment until it eased away, exposing a creature in the middle of the dry and lifeless courtyard.
The creature was quite large, almost as large as Furtim himself. However, Furtim’s physique could not compare to the immense horror the creature’s outer features produced. The dry plants that now lay in the courtyard gave life to a creature, a horrifying and terrible creature. The creature had the appearance of any inhabitant in the land, except for a thin layer of green leaves and stems covering the surface of the body. These stems stretched along its face, producing an eerie feeling as if this creature was being suffocated. Small and wide yellow eyes stared at its master. As the creature’s knees bent down below the balcony, Furtim was aware of the thick brown spikes that protruded from the green mucus covering the creature’s back. Furtim smiled. He knew all too well that the creature, along with three more, would kill the former king and his companions with ease.
With three more drops, Furtim produced two more ghastly creatures. However, these creatures were quite different, as thin green mucus did not cover the superficial of the preceding monsters’ skin. Quite contrastly, the dirt was elevated to produce creatures of dirt, of mud, of despair. Their eyes were the same yellow as the previous creature as they glowed in the darkness at torches producing a steady blue light in the courtyard. They opened their mouths, having thin tacky mud stretch vertically along the opening. It was quite a horrid sight. They slowly crept towards the false king, the king knowing all too well that a drop of his blood was needed for their obedience.
Grabbing a small blade from a nearby table, Furtim quickly pierced his stout thumb that stood upright before him. It was just a small gash, nothing more, only enough to have a couple of drops of his red blood to escape his body.
It was not a mistake that Furtim contained such a vibrant red blood. While golden was the most predominant blood type in the land, some had silver, others had a mixture of green or blue. Still others had a light purple. However, red was a color that was not seen in the land from the times of Malum. Red was a color no one suspected of a child to bear unless…perhaps! Could it be? That a child may be cursed by the one man that had already perished? What a tragedy it must be that the false king’s shadow was followed without his knowing!
Furtim knew that his blood was rare and he raised his thumb into the air to admire the redness that sparkled, that shined, that intrigued the serpent besides him. “Vixi annos in sanguine rubro et numquam aspexerant Malum a diebus.”
“Of course you have not seen such blood. I may even be a descendant of Malum himself. What a great man was he! Courageous! Victorious! He made the land more powerful than the dandy flowers and the peaceful mermaidens that so delicately thrive in a weak land as this,” stated Furtim.
“Te sunt plus quam,” said the two-headed serpent. It wrapped its smooth, yet scaly belly along the back of Furtim’s neck. Only the head was a few inches from Furtim’s dark eyes.
“Of course, Malum did have a few failures,” stated Furtim, biting his lower lip and facing downwards as if embarrassed of stating a negative feature of a man he saw as powerful.
Furtim brought his thumb to the end of the balcony where the creatures already began to gather like a cluster of trees. The drops of pure red blood fell silently through the night to be consumed by the beasts that eagerly awaited their master’s sacrifiction. The drop of blood could be clearly seen in the dark sky, for it was a shiny red pebble in which the light generously brought the reflection of the beasts underneath. The beasts nauseatingly consumed the drops of blood that fell before them. Their yellow eyes widened as a deep redness consumed their veins.
They each stared into the dark sky, letting out a deep roar that seemed to shake the fortress itself. No one knew of the creatures that had been born in the land. No one suspected. No one would ever question, and if they did, a curse would be put upon them.
“The king and his companions have entered the land of Malum. Seize them and bring me the king’s head. I do not care for the others; do what you please with them,” commanded Furtim.
The beasts seemed to obey as they walked across the courtyard. The green beast was clearly the leader of such atrocity as he walked in front of the ones made of dirt. Each of them leveled the palms of their hand towards the ground, encircling them as if motioning the dirt underneath to move. And that was exactly what occurred. The dirt began to form a cloud of dust in the surface before calamity came through, revealing the dirt being shaken from beneath the cracks and twigs. The dirt rose up, forming long sharp spades and axes—weapons ideal for the king’s death.
As if noticing that it would take a long time to reach the king and his companions, the beasts knelt onto the ground. A strong wind encircled around them until the dirt and bits of plant fibers that made up the creatures disappeared into the wind that engulfed them into the dark night sky.
“Morlutums!” stated the serpent. Both heads stared into the distance in admiration. A slight amount of the beasts, or what was left of them, could be seen ahead as the grains of sand drifted off until vanishing.
“They are destined to be assassins, those Morlutums. Before long the head of the king shall be in our presence.”
“Vinum apparent,” stated Furtim calmly, his throat croaking a small amount in the process. He lifted up his cape, revealing a goblet of wine as red as the handler’s blood. Staring down upon the red liquid, Furtim could clearly see himself. His beard was well kept, having an intriguing design much like fire on the outer regions of his facial hair. His eyes looked at the cup with hatred as he quickly lifted the goblet up to consume the liquid. The juice passed through his throat, relieving Furtim with a benign coolness, an iciness that he was content with.
“Tell me Callidus, what is the present of our enemies?” asked Furtim, setting his cup softly onto the stone balcony. The golden goblet reflected the scene of the king and the serpent as Callidus whispered into the king’s ears of what it foresaw.



Chapter 8

Hypnotized by Beauty


Fortis, Invicta, Magni, and Sicarius moved slowly through the trees that had become quite intact, as if forming a barrier to discourage wanderers from proceeding. But the magic that the land contained prevented anyone from ever moving backwards. Forward was the answer even though with every step the wanderers took, the land seemed more horrid, more eroding (deathlike even).
The small plants that grew along the tree did not have color; they were thorny and black. As Sicarius looked around, she noticed there was no color, not even a drop of golden blood. It seemed deathlike, the place, even though skulls did not lie in the path. Nevertheless, the land seemed calm and tranquil, possibly due to the covering the darkness provided. The woods were clearly dark but it was not a kind of darkness that blinded the men…and woman. It was a rather blue darkness in which a reflected light glowed from the branches of the trees to be shown underneath.
“What lies before us, my king?” asked Invicta without looking into the king’s gentle eyes that were fixated onto the now greyish ground.
“I do not know, nor do I want to,” answered Fortis while narrowing his glistening blue eyes that formed a sudden sadness as he looked up towards Invicta. “There is much you have not seen. But I could tell you that I am in need of a warrior, as yourself, as do I need you all. Bodies of water mark our path as well as a majestic castle that will flatter the viewer’s eyes in trickery. Mountains and creatures with extreme difficulty lay closer than time. If we are in luck, we will find a portal.”
“A portal? Those were destroyed after the Great War. Were they not?” whispered Sicarius, not fully convinced of what she had said.
“It is true that many were destroyed to lose contact with the traitor that was born in the land. But some portals still lied hidden beyond the inhabitant’s reach. Portals are mysterious, having a power within themselves,” answered the king.
Sicarius tightened her lips, forming a tight smile as her eyes glistened with a profound sparkle. “And where would such a lost portal lead us to?”
“The possibilities are endless now that so many are destroyed. It could lead us someplace, somewhere, or sometime,” answered the king knowing all too well of the shocking news.
“Sometime? No! You don’t mean…” questioned Magni in utter disbelief. Fortis nodded with a straight smile, not showing the possibility of trickery.
“Yes I do mean what I say. We may go back in time to the days of Malum or possibly to what will become of this land. Portals are strange charmed forces; all are incapable to control its power.”
“With such a risk, my king, would it not be a better idea to proceed beyond to reach Sapientem’s castle?” asked Sicarius.
“The boundaries in which this forest lies upon, bordering the evil from the land, only causes one to be trapped here all the longer. Even if you would have ridden back to the castle in an attempt to bring an army to rescue us, the forest would only gain more power. There is no telling if the use of magic from outside its boundaries would help or destroy us,” answered Fortis while proceeding forward, making deep footprints on the dark greyish ground.
“True. We are already doomed. I am sure magic may be of some use. If only Magicalis would know of our troubles,” confirmed Sicarius, looking at the ground all the more. Her eyes grew darker, a blue that could not be ignored. A sudden anger swept through her body, incapable of calming down.
“We will get through this. The Man of Magic was certain this turn in our lives would help the land somehow. Perhaps this is why he has not attempted to rescue us,” said the king.
For the next several minutes a deep silence made up the proceeding journey. Fallen branches crushed beneath the king’s weight. Leaves crackled beneath Sicarius’s feet. Gasps of disdain came from Magni as he protruded his upper lip and rolled his eyes in boredom. Incvicta polished his golden sword, careful not to stab himself with his own weapon. The cloth that he used was clear, forming ridges and wrinkles, incapable of becoming golden with the sword’s magic.
A sudden crinkling noise was heard from afar. It was not one that was strong or aggravating to hear, but a noise that seemed calming as the encounters eased forward eagerly.
“What a strange noise. Must be a stream of some sort,” stated Sicarius, her dominating blue eyes sparkling mischievously.
Invicta and Magni did not look back towards their companions. It was as if the stream produced a sort of mist incapable of ignoring. The stream gave off an odor, one that was strong and smelled of flowers beneath the steady waves. It gave off a refreshing smell that guided the dwellers towards the enchanted stream. It did not take much thought. Their legs quickly raced first up a small grey hill and then downwards, leading to a refreshing aqua colored stream.
At first the four of them stood at the edge, not knowing what to do next. A small waterfall positioned between two metallic blue boulders, not bigger than 10 feet in length, caused the noise that the dwellers had heard from afar. Small pinkish plants stretched their long thin leaves, causing a pinkish reflection on the calm stream that proceeded to the right.
Magni, enchanted by the water’s magic, knelt by the edge. He cupped his hands and lowered them underneath the stream’s surface. He felt a sudden movement by his hands and he quickly jolted up, his shoulders stretching inward with the sudden reflex. Nevertheless, he raised the cupful of water and drank from it, shaking his head with admiration.
“Do not drink from it just yet! This land is enchanted,” noted Fortis, widening his eyes.
But it was too late. The water had already been drunk and the waters were awakening. Before they could give a second thought, the stream shimmered, causing ripples to form in odd places. It stirred as if droplets of water had come crashing down on the peaceful waters.
The waters reflected the dweller’s emotions as they backed away cautiously. Where the ripples formed, hair appeared, floating onto the calm waves of the stream. The blonde hair that made up the creature rose to the surface, showing the soft rosy complexion of the woman in the waters. A fuchsia shell with thin spikes on one side was used as a hair clip, hanging on the left side of the radiant gliding hair. The young creature smiled curiously as if attempting to flirt with Magni who was the closest to the shoreline.
None of the dwellers looked down below. For if they had, they would have seen precious golden and other metallic skulls that once shown strong and young. Their fate was death, a fate that seemed vitally close to the king and his companions. Sicarius did not seem mesmerized for the moment, until where a ripple had formed, another head appeared, a divine and muscular figure. The male figure winked at Sicarius who quickly smiled and moved her right leg nervously from side to side. The male figure rose up, exposing his chiseled chest which was far more toned than Sicarius’s companions. The muscles protruded outwards in unbelieving designs that captivated Sicarius in a steady visual position. She sat atop a rock that was nearby and smiled profoundly for her lover to come closer.
But the man stayed behind, motioning for her to go towards him instead. “Venit ad me, mea gemma Come towards me, my jewel,” whispered the young man quietly as he pulled back his dry hair.
But Sicarius did not move. She frowned while her eyes narrowed outwards. She knew all too well that such things failed to happen even in a land as wonderful as the one she was in. The young man swam quietly towards Sicarius despite noticing her sudden disapproval. Two other women appeared. One had a mystifying blue colored hair while the other one contained a deep red color much like fresh impure blood on a given blade. The blue hair of the creature was in a bun, having two long bangs hanging steadily in a curved stance around the sides of her gentle facial expression of peace. The red hair of the female creature was long, hanging behind her bare back in a wavy fashion.
The women also came closer to get the men’s attention. The stream abided with their motions as all four figures made steady strokes to the edge of the stream. The king lifted up his sword, knowing that the creatures posed a vital threat, for they were sirens. But the red haired siren knew the king’s plan far before he raised the blade. She shook her head from side to side, forming a rather strange and wicked smile. From beneath the water she took out a small golden harp. Her eyes, more green than brown, looked towards the king in a flattery manner. She moved her right index finger back and forth. “Non, non, non. Non ludere ludos circa hic No, no, no. We don't play those games around here,” she stated softly, with a voice that was calm but full of flames. She was tranquil and knew she would win the battle without even the use of a blade. Raising one rosy finger with a vine-like design, she stroke once, then twice, then three times. She smiled all the more with each stroke of her instrument.
The king failed to lower his sword to fulfill his objective in striking the divine creature before him. His eyes became stern in anger as they narrowed before his enemy. His hands shook and trembled, trying hard to reach the woman and slice her throat. But the siren was far smarter. She opened her mouth, the plump pink lips widening wickedly to form a word. She froze in that stance for only a second, as if mocking the king, for she knew that the king was soon to be enchanted by her beauty and her voice. The song she sang had much more rhythm than the music that came from the small golden harp that covered her chest. She rose up from the waters, the waves slowly crashing against her body. The birds could not be compared to the soft high pitched voice the siren contained. The rhythm of the song rose up and down; a song that was enchanted and divine.
The three other sirens, the young man and the other two ladies, also rose up, each containing a harp of their own, sparkling with the water’s bright light. The king dropped his sword. It seemed to drop slowly; the blade dug diagonally into the ground, causing grey dirt to fly into the air.
The king was not content, however. He frowned in wonder and confusement. The ladies in the stream could not compare to the beauty his wife brought to him. Noticing the king’s disappointment, the blue haired siren lowered herself into the waters, smiling impishly through the process as the surface of the stream blended in with her celestial hair.
“It cannot be!” yelled the king in anger.
The siren rose up within a few seconds, the hair slowly turning into a pitch black color, darker than the blue light that filled the edges of the stream’s surroundings. Her eyes opened, a bright purple color staring vibrantly at the king. It seemed as if the woman was in a trance until the face smoothed, beholding the face of a true beauty—the king’s wife.
The red haired siren pierced her lip while using her right index finger to twirl her wavy long hair. She stared at Magni, sinking herself into the young man’s mind, knowing all that ever was and what was presently amidst. She knew his secrets as she quickly giggled in a flattery behavior. She lowered herself into the waters as her sister had, until the profound red color of her hair drifted off with the stream’s current.
“Where did that beast go?” asked Magni who was laying only inches away from the water’s edge.
“If I could guess correctly, she will be appearing as a woman you have only dreamed of. Not surprising, really, that you have not found her,” said Sicarius rather earnestly despite her eyebrows rising up in a frown.
“Oh no. This cannot be!” shouted Magni, holding his head with both of his hands. He looked at the king who was inching nearer to the waters. Then he looked at the siren that had converted herself into the king’s wife. Magni shook his head, knowing who the siren was becoming.
Black strands of hair began forming, revealing the woman the ruby-haired creature had become. Her eyes narrowed in concern. They were blue, those eyes. They were vibrant. They were deathly. The face was pale, a white that seemed to go with the facial features of the woman. She was a beautiful sight indeed, for she looked like a beautiful assassin, because she was…and is.
“What magic is this?” questioned Sicarius suddenly in anger. She had stared long enough at the man before her, only noticing the black hair of the woman from the corner of her eye.
The siren moved onto the edge of the stream, holding onto the sides of the rocky edge that formed the barrier of the water. She seemed innocent as she shivered, possibly due to the coldness of the waters. Or perhaps it was an act in itself. Magni stared at her. He neither smiled nor seemed astonished as the woman that had converted herself as Sicarius rose up towards him, her head only showing itself.
Fortis took off the white cloak he had carried throughout the forest. He knelt beside the stream as Magni had. Invicta stood beside the awe-stricken Sicarius.
“Is that you?” asked Invicta laughing with benign amusement.
“What is going on here? I’m not some timid little runt!” yelled Sicarius while the twin siren only merely stared at her with innocent glaring eyes.
The siren inched closer to her brother who swam to the shoreline. “Flos, quid faciens Flos, what are you doing?” asked the male siren as he raised his muscular arms from the water as to not wet them.
“Non curae vobis Never mind you!” yelled the twin siren at her brother. Her mouth opened slightly, bestowing a set of thin sharp teeth as blue as the waters. She continued glaring at Magni, trying to get him closer to her mouth.
“Fortis, mea ensis Fortis, my blade,” said the siren that had the appearance of the queen. She inched forward towards the edge, the waters forming a sort of majestic dress around her bare body.
“Regina, potuit esse Queen, could it be?” spoke the king in the same language, moving his tongue and mouth profoundly to form the correct wording.
“Sum expectantes vobis mea I have been waiting for you, my love,” answered the beautiful siren who patiently awaited the king’s presence in the waters.
“Neque Fortim obnoxium Were you not in the clutches of Furtim?” questioned the king suddenly.
The siren pierced her lips. She raised both of her arms to run her thin tender fingers through her soft hair. Her eyes sparkled, hoping to attract and mesmerize the king, for she knew he was an important soul to take upon. She looked downwards until slowly glaring at the king’s reflection with a saddened expression. “Furtim habet insidiatur me. Nunc ponere in aquae usque a rex ut te largitur me osculum Furtim has tricked me. I now lay in these waters until a king as yourself bestows me a kiss,” The siren smiled slowly and hopefully, raising her body from the waters in an attempt to lay her lips on the king’s.
The king continued staring at the siren. His eyes began to take a golden color as he was put in a trance. The siren once again took out her harp, and with a motion of her hand, a tranquil tune filled the silent air between the king and her.
“Ad me, Sicarius Come to me, Sicarius” said the male siren while rising up a larger golden harp, “Ut ludo te cantus ipse May I play you a tune myself?” The siren’s eyes moved in a peculiar way, as if trying to pull Sicarius into the waters from the safe heaven she was in.
“Ego sum impotens amandi  I am incapable of loving,” stated Sicarius as she looked at the ground below, forgetting the fact that a cloned Siren laid inches away from her. Invicta slowly walked towards the water’s edge where the blonde siren floated as if she had died. He peered over the water’s surface, over the female’s body, over her face.
“Fortis ego sum vere hic. Non te tuae regina amor Fortis I am really here. Won't you show your queen your love?” asked the queen siren as she raised her right eyebrow in question.
“Utique Of course,” stated the king as he touched the water with his feet, submitting himself to the trap.
The eyes opened suddenly and the beautiful smile that had greeted the arrivals, turned into a wicked grin.
“Ah!” yelled Invicta rather femininely. But the sight was far from haunting. Just before Invicta could escape the clutches of the sleepless siren, a kiss was captured. It started off as a small one, nothing more than the slightest touch of the plump lips. But it was far from over. The kiss that seemed to have only taken a second turned into several more seconds. Invicta’s expression formed of anguish until relaxing to an amusing and heavenly expression. His eyes, that had once exposed a vibrant green color, closed and tightened as his cheeks rose up, forming a wide smile.
The expression was quite haunting. It was not that Sicarius did not wish to end the trance upon the others. It was not that Sicarius was weak and naïve about her surroundings. Her head had begun to take pain as swapped images of what was before her contaminated her mind. Sicarius walked dreamily towards Invicta, her sight playing tricks on her. The male siren slowly played a tune, one that seemed to put a sleep on Sicarius as she tried to overcome it. Drunk-like, she stumbled on some broken twigs that lay on the ground. She crawled ever so slowly towards her enemy, her eyes blinded by her black bands that covered the hatred shown in her eyes.
“Forma, eius anima! Nimium diu te rapiunt. Ego nisi portare ecstasi diu! Osculatus es iam complete eum mittunt ab aquis Take his soul now! you are taking far too long. I could only carry the trance for so long! You have kissed him, now jump from the waters and finish him off!” yelled the male siren in exasperation as he rose the golden harp with his right hand and exposed his muscular broad chest that spoke with his anger. His eyes glowed a greyish color as he formed a fist to punch the waters.
Sicarius awoke from the trance, having crawled to where Invicta and his newly found deathly lover laid kissing. The siren was far from hearing or listening to her brother’s words. Sicarius took the opportunity to take out her desired weapon—the diamond ditcher dragger—and slash at the beast’s hand that caressed Invicta’s face with a calm smoothness. The dagger sliced into the woman’s flesh, causing a bluish blood to ease out of the long thin cut.
“Expectare vicissim, mea princeps. Ego libenter interficiam iugulum cum dentes Wait for your turn, my princess. I'll be glad to cut your throat with my teeth!” stated the siren, emphasizing the word ‘cut’ as she stated her words with anger. Her eyes sparkled all the more and her smile grew by far more wicked than before. Invicta stared at the siren before him, seeing the truth behind the beautiful creature. Her skin turned into a greyish blue color, her face transforming to something rather demonic and deformed. Where her facial skin nicely covered her face, it sunk in the many gaps that made up her skull.
“Puto fortasse erit qui gladium meum gustum I think perhaps it may be you that will have a taste of my dagger,” said Sicarius evilly. She displayed the blade in her palms as her pale fingers touched the smooth surface of the blade’s side.
“Bis usus verbis apud me putes, pecus! Ruptum enim maledictionem et statim desinet fatum You might think twice before using such words on me, beast! For the curse has been broken and I shall end your destiny at once,” the siren stated angrily. Without giving a thought about ending Invicta’s life first, her anger built up as she soared from the waters towards Sicarius.
Invicta was suddenly disgusted, having kissed a live corpse. He saw Magni and the king, both to his sides. They were both speaking calmly to the smiling sirens who awaited them in the waters. The male siren continued playing the harp, causing the waters to turn angry in the once tranquil and peaceful environment. The waters leapt and dropped, rose and fell, crashing down on all of those who submitted themselves to the water. The waters, however, did work on Sicarius’s side as it formed a wide barrier from the siren’s grasp. Within seconds Magni rose to the surface of the waters by whom the siren quickly kissed. The king was nowhere to be found, neither was the siren that had converted herself into a fake queen of the king’s.
Invicta did not think twice before he dived into the depths of the waters in search of the king and his beautiful enemy. He knew the task would be rather difficult, as he found the queen to be one that defined beauty. The waters were not deep, only twice as deep as Invicta’s height. Several plants, many with sharp wavy stems, scarred Invicta’s unarmored body. The armor lay on the shore by which the siren had most likely taken off during his fantasy with her. The water was not a piercing cold as he thought it would be. Rather, it provided a warm tingling feeling with a slight coldness that seemed to electrify his body.
Looking down below, Invicta noticed the lighted floor was bright due to the reflection of the light above the waters. The sand was light grey, providing shadows of the water. Invicta rose up, swimming two more feet to gasp for air. His chest sunk inward as he breathed a mighty breath before swimming down below once again. He did not know if he would die, but the king was far more worthy than him, as so he thought. Skulls laid only halfway covered by the grey sand, causing a deathly feeling in the calm waters.
He followed the shadows, finally spotting the siren’s black hair behind the cluster of long seaweed that rose a few feet below the surface of the waters. She kissed the king passionately, removing the sword by which he clutched. The king had picked the sword up before submitting himself to the siren, the queen of his dreams. His belt was easily loosened and the clothing that was behind his armory was ripped apart with swiftness, for the siren’s nails grew long and sharp, tearing the fabric into pieces. The clothing slowly drifted off into the waters, slowly into the depths. Invicta grabbed the clothing that had slowly moved towards him, behind the vegetation that blocked his view of the siren as it moved with the waters current.
The clothing was simple, just a plain white outfit of the silky substance made of the ancient plants of the land. As Invicta rose up, the blue metallic seaweed no longer drifted from left to right. It was quickly spread to the sides, revealing the true ‘beauty’ of the deathly creature. Her face was cursed, for the grey skin wrapped tightly along the bones, giving the siren the appearance of a living corpse. “Alpha aucupium sunt nos Eavesdropping are we?” questioned the siren, her hair drifting from her skull until changing to the bold blackened hair the queen boasted.
Before the siren changed into a clone of the queen, Invicta quickly looked down below in fear that he would submit himself ever so easily to the wicked siren. He saw the shadow, knowing that the siren was in reach. He brought the sword to his back, having the blade lay upon the back of his head as he heard the siren’s last words.
“Respice ad me stulte Pulchra sum non sum? Ultimum spirat erit in agone enim potest spirare. Age contra. Oscula me et certe te Look at me you fool! I am beautiful am I not? Your last breaths will be in agony, for I can breathe underwater. You cannot on the other hand. Kiss me and I will surely give you life,” said the siren, snickering impishly with each word she formed. Her eyebrows narrowed inwardly and her smile grew, exposing the tips of the thinly sharpened teeth beneath her plump lips that had ended many lives with a kiss.
“Spero te non monstrum I trust you not, you monster!” yelled Invicta as he exposed his weapon and stabbed the creature in the depths of the stream. The siren stared at Invicta, her face turning remorseful and innocent. She looked at the deep wound the sword caused. She did not look angry; it was as if she had witnessed the violent acts of a traitor.
It was surprising how one was able to talk underwater and hear the rhythm of the words. “Quomodo audent occidis regina! Nisi scirem vos esse scelus homicida similis est ei. Exitus hic vitae aquis indignus es vita How dare you kill my queen! I knew you were nothing more than a villain, a murderer much like my brother. Your life will end here in the waters, for you are unworthy to live!” yelled the king with a sudden anger. His eyes grew with hatred as he raised the sword he had picked from the water’s depths. Invicta looked back at the siren before having his neck squeezed by the king’s strong hands. The siren had not turned into the golden statue he was hoping for. Instead she smiled peculiarly, uncovering her wound and revealing the smooth and healthy skin that made up her curved abdomen.
Invicta nearly choked, not knowing for sure if it was lack of oxygen or the fact that the king’s fingers tightly wrapped around his neck, pressuring his esophagus. He only looked back, noticing that the siren was swimming to the surface as well. Why didn’t those sirens just kill them? What were they waiting for? Invicta and the king rose to the surface of the waters. Invicta immediately gasped for air, his breaths croaking due to the pressure on his throat. The siren calmly jumped onto a boulder that lay close to the shore, eager to see the entertainment unravel.
Sicarius had enough problems on her own as she lay in the waters. The male siren had quickly kissed her, moving his lips in a soothing way while having drips of the cool water fall upon Sicarius’s pale face. She did not succumb, however. She slapped the siren’s face with the hilt of her dagger, causing the young man’s face to reveal its true figure until returning to the handsomeness he had once displayed.
“Ego non cor. Stulti capere intelligere unum post aliud. Mirum finem vitae ejus I have no heart. You fools seize to understand one time after another. It is not surprising your life will end because of it,” smiled Sicarius, exposing a few demonic features herself as she raised her dagger towards the water’s blue light and stabbed the heart of the male siren. The heart’s pulse slowed until it failed to provide blood to the beast. His face turned innocent, his pupils becoming darker and his mouth gaping with mercy. But Sicarius had not mercy, for her heart was stolen years ago. And she stabbed the neck of the siren, pushing him into the depths of the waters for the underwater vines to feed off of. The eyes of the siren were never to be seen again as they drifted underneath.
“Quid est hoc? Quomodo ausus es parricidio! Securi faciam tibi Ephraim quid faciam pater meus dolor What is this? How dare you kill my brother! I will surely behead you, something my father will surely be proud of,” said the blonde siren in disgust, her teeth gaping widely as if to scare a demon herself.
“Satis attrahenti vere. Sentiret ita, hmm quid verbum .…ah eleemosyna. Sentiret ita sublevandis mergi cultrum adipiscing primo accepit dum mergi per quod ingens pec, sed supervacuum dicere factum It was quite fascinating really. It felt so, hmm what’s the word…ah relieving. It felt so relieving to sink the knife in. At first it took a while to sink through that massive pec, but needless to say it was done.),” stated Sicarius rather sarcastically as she moved her eyes towards the siren. It was obvious she was making a joke out of the recent murder as she grinned and quietly snickered loud enough for the siren to hear. She was enjoying the siren’s face, the nostrils flaring out, and her hair seemingly gliding with the wind as if aflame.
“Aenean volutpat utinam sero veniam petere I really hope it's not too late to ask for forgiveness?” asked Sicarius innocently. She formed a frown above her eyes, as if to plead mercy. But the Siren’s fury had ignited to its highest capability. She lanced from the rock and onto Sicarius as a dress of water formed around her body. She had kissed an inhabitant as did all of her sisters. She was now able to walk upon the land without the need of water. Time was ticking, if she wanted to reach the waters alive. She had to kill Sicarius quickly. Sicarius swam to the shore, forming long strokes on the surface. “Nam tempus dwindling me, ne superbum. Nam tu sola perducit ad mortem citius Time is dwindling for me, something you should not be proud of. For it only leads to a faster death in your part,” the blonde siren whispered with her sly tongue.
The siren was behind Sicarius, having only missed her toes by a mere stride to the side. The siren moved her soft feet up and down, forming a tail suitable for racing through the waters. The siren’s eyes looked towards the distance, for she was determined. Bubbles raced past her, but the water continued to remain before her. She saw the feet of Sicarius swimming rather quickly. The blonde siren made an attempt to reach her foot, dragging it to the depths of the water along with her.
Magni gasped for air, but the siren continued to smother her lips onto his. His armory lay on the shoreline, along with the satin clothing he used to cover his chest. All below his chest was covered, except for his feet that moved with the water’s current. The siren from time to time, took off a garment, in hopes to create an offspring herself; she destined to carry on the tradition and history of the Sirens.
“Me spirant Sicarius Let me breathe Sicarius,” Invicta finally said, able to evade another kiss from the siren whom had the appearance of Sicarius.
"Magni, non amare me Magni, do you not love me?” questioned the siren, only to amuse herself. She looked at the water’s reflection before her. She lifted her head up in hopes that Magni had not seen her true self. She feared that his trance would not subject to her.
Magni only frowned, unsure of what he had seen. Nevertheless, the frown drifted from his face as he looked into the eyes of the siren once again. “Ego amare care. Sed spirat sunt decet vix I love you dearly. But my breaths are becoming scarce,” replied Magni as he took one deep breath after another as if he was at the brink of drowning.
She held his hands and then wrapped her arms and legs around him. “Ne moreris propter me Wouldn't you die for me?” whispered the siren into Magni’s ears. Small droplets of the cool water dripped from the corners of Magni’s ears.
“I utinam I would,” stated Magni. And it was that word that would ultimately put his life into jeopardy.
Invicta himself had a few problems to face as he struggled to breathe with his choked throat. He grabbed a dagger from his side and sliced through the king’s hand. It was not a deep cut, only thin enough to cause the king to react and release his stubborn grip.
The siren laughed femininely, enjoying the fight proceeding before her. Her body was covered by the body of water, allowing her to thrive as she sat on the boulder away from the waters underneath.
“I have long called you friend. But now I call you my enemy!” roared the king. He hastily wiped the small amount of golden blood that rose to the surface from the thin wound. His face shown red, something even Invicta had never seen in such a humble man. The king was furious. The siren’s laughter was heard in the background. Finding it hard to use his blade to sink into Invicta’s flesh, the king threw his spade to the shore. The spade flew rapidly, soaring and spinning until it reached a tall thin tree, engraving itself into the silvery trunk. Fortis clenched his right fist, pulling his arm back to gather enough force to cause Invicta’s jaw to bleed. Invicta’s left side of the face fell onto the surface of the water. The king was slightly bigger than Invicta’s muscular body. It would be a challenge facing a man as the king, especially if he did not wish to kill him.
Invicta knew the only solution to the problem was killing the siren herself. Only then would the king fully understand the seriousness of the problem. The siren lay upon the rock giggling; she would never know what would become of her. Ignoring the pain from his left jaw, Invicta swam beneath the waters. The siren would not be able to see his shadow as it approached the floating boulder above. Slowly he drifted his body to the back side of the boulder, hoping to surprise the siren without her knowing.
He leapt from the waters as several white droplets splashed across his face, blocking his view. Nevertheless, he raised his golden blade and swung to the left side, hoping to behead the beast. But he did not hit a thing, only the air which was not much of a victory. The large rock was vacant.
He turned around promptly, knowing the siren would try to kill him herself. Just as he suspected, he turned around to the snickering of the siren’s demonic face. He quickly looked downwards, evading the siren’s fake beauty. “Non sum stultus, ut tibi videmur. Levare oculos, non vos I am not as foolish as you think. Lift those eyes, won't you?” said the siren’s voice softly. She began to raise her golden harp, hoping to trance her close prey. Invicta pushed the harp away, having it rise into the air before splashing into the waters from the siren’s grasp.
“Faciam ut dicis. Meam do vobis regnum, regina I will do as you say. I give up my kingdom for you, my queen,” surrendered Invicta, slowly rising his head to view the queen’s divine beauty. “Tuae est ita serena. Filiae et filii erit, quasi divino Your beauty is so serene. Your daughters and sons will surely be as divine.”
“Sunt erit sic. Somnum mihi virum. Hoc est fata They will surely be so. Sleep with me, my warrior. This is destiny,” motioned the siren by moving her gentle hand across his face.
Invicta had not yet raised his head entirely; his eyes only laid visible on the surface of the water. It was odd how the waters worked. It raised the beasts before him, but it also allowed the victim to evade death. “Est problematis autem There is one problem, however,” said Invicta quickly. He formed a wicked smile even the siren could see at her prey’s angle. He felt his side for the blade, but it was gone. The siren had carefully taken most of his weapons without his knowing.
He reached the pockets underneath his metal belt, finally finding a second dagger. “Et dico: Non facies comparare. Quare ut amare What I mean is, I cannot compare to your beauty. Why would you love someone as I?,” stated Invicta, hoping the siren did not find his behavior suspicious.
“Est non. Amor multo maiorem non esse putas? Et pro ea mori cupiunt It is not so. Love is far more powerful don't you think? Men wish to even die for it,” answered the siren, showing no sign of suspicion as she grabbed Invicta’s neck.
“Esset vobis mori pro me Would you die for me?” stalled Invicta, providing a question the siren had asked others instead.
“Utinam vobis Would you?” questioned the siren in a slithery manner. She was impatient, her eyes glowing with frustration.
Invicta placed his hands before him, each containing a dagger. The siren came closer to him, attempting to put him into a trance of her own doing. But before she could ever succeed, Invicta stabbed her abdominal area. With his blade, he searched along the body for the place in which her heart beat. Finding the region, he swiftly dug both blades into the siren’s skin, piercing her blue heart and ultimately ending her life. The body fell to the bottom, floating at first until sinking below the long seaweed that stretched tall and strong. Only one bubble formed, and it would be the last one that would rise to the surface.
Invicta took his time to view the body underneath. The corpse was deathly. The eyes stared towards the life above, staring directly at Invicta as if attempting to lure him beneath the waters forever at her side. The siren was dead and her enchantment had the same fate. As Invicta raised his head, he was choked once again by the king. He gasped for air, knowing the king would end his life because of the trance put on him by the siren. One of his daggers fell into the waters, sinking besides the dead siren. “Where is she? I will snap your neck if you do not answer!” yelled the king. His anger was uncontrollable. His eyes had darkened. His faced seemed to have aged. He was not the man he used to be.
Invicta quickly made another thin cut along the king’s arm with his other blade. Before the king could react, Invicta wrapped his arm around Fortis’s neck and dragged him into the depths of the water. The deathly and disgusting corpse that lay below greeted the king as the king finally regained his sensibility. Invicta rose out of the waters, leaving the king by himself underneath. The king knelt beside the corpse, using the underwater vines to keep himself from rising out of the waters. He formed deep wrinkles on his face as he moved his head back and forth in remorse.
Invicta noticed the king had yet not risen. He plunged his head into the waters, noticing that the king had stayed, most likely in an attempt to die for the cause. The king looked above to the staring eyes of Invicta. His eyes asked for forgiveness and for Invicta not to attempt in rescuing him. “I have been a fool. I deserve to die. I offer you the crown,” stated the king, looking onto the white floor in await for his death. But Invicta would have none of it. He cut through the vines, having the stems fall to the sides of the king as the king’s body began to rise. “Do not be selfish my king. The others are in need of help!” yelled Invicta in anger. The king struggled to sink. His body became wild as that of an agitated snake.
Invicta had no option but to swim to the king, hold him by his arm, and drag him to the shore. The king made a great attempt to loosen Invicta’s grip and to leave himself to die underneath the waters. He gripped Invicta’s arm with great force, trying to escape life itself. But Invicta refused to let him fulfill his deathly goal. As they reached the shoreline, the king was finally released. He kneeled down on the white sand, his hands squeezing the soft dirt until it eased out of the corners of his clutched fists.
“Why did you do this Invicta?” questioned the confused king, “Especially after I tried killing you?”
“It was not you trying to kill me, my king. It was a trance. Remember that,” answered Invicta calmly. “We have to find the others. They may be at the clutches of the siren’s trickery.”
The king and Invicta raced towards the right side of the stream, each with their recently found blades extended from their right hands. Sicarius had both of her diamond ditcher draggers up to the sides of her shoulders as the blonde siren and herself walked in circles. They each anticipated for who would yield the weapon first. Magni lay below the waters with the deathly siren flattering him beyond what was imaginable.
“ERRO hominibus Hac pugna inter me et sit princeps Get lost men! This is a fight between this little princess and me,” hissed the blonde siren. The king jumped into the waters in search of Magni while Invicta observed Sicarius and the siren, if anything may lead to Sicarius’s death.
“Huic pugnae dabo vobis I'll give this duel to you,” stated Invicta as he laid his back against a large rock, knowing all too well that Sicarius would win this battle.
The siren motioned her hand along the waves of the stream, collecting a cupful of rich blue water. Throwing the water into the air, the droplets formed an arrow around four feet in length, sharp enough to fulfill the siren’s hopes of killing her enemy—Sicarius.
“Bene. Hoc bellum est non vestrum. Experiar quid non arcu miserabilis hospes, si quidem sit unum Very well. This battle is not yours. Do not in any way try to save your pathetic friend, if in fact she is one,” said the siren in a strictly manner. She tilted her head in laughter, turning her head towards Invicta with a piercing stare. “Nisi vis ad auxilium Unless you want to help?” questioned the Siren as she smiled wickedly before the man. Spinning swiftly once, she transformed her body into what Invicta would see as a divine sight, far more beautiful than what he had just witnessed.
Invicta stared at the siren, not knowing that he was in a trance himself. Sicarius, noticing Invicta’s effect, raced towards the siren, her head throbbing with anger. “Obtuli tibi iustus bellum, vobis pythonissam! Te decepit me I offered you a just battle, you witch! You have deceived me!” screamed Sicarius with rage. A small amount of spit raced onto the beautiful siren’s face, just above her quivering upper lip. The siren blocked the daggers with the long weaponry, the water forming into an ice seemingly more mighty than the weapon held by Sicarius. Yet, it seemed to slowly begin to shatter. She pushed the daggers away from her face, causing Sicarius to stumble backwards.
The siren moved her right hand above her upper lip, catching the small amount of saliva slowly dripping downwards. She formed a malevolent smile as she flicked the spit to the side. “Ego tantum liceat mortem fieri citius. Te esse beatum me vere. Sunt quem videre ad impar temporibus, numquam mulier. Mulier nequam in aquas, solum idoneum cibum in a concha I have only allowed your death to happen sooner. You should be happy for me, really. Men are whom we see at odd times, but never a woman. Women are worthless in our waters, only suitable as food in a conch,” spat the siren. Her burnette hair curled wildly behind her soft and moistened white skin. Her eyes, those eyes, its eyes…they were piercing, producing a worst stare than Sicarius. They were the first things one saw, the dark outlines of the eyes which led to the green emeralds in the middle motioning one to obey. The eyes seemed liquefied, as if a sort of yellow fire flickered in the background, boiling the green substance before it. She seemed quite simple, her skin having not much detail, but yet she seemed much more beautiful beyond all others. How was this to be? Beauty works in mysterious ways.
Sicarius felt a shadow approach her. She knew at once that it was Invicta, the one who was destined to save her from the witch before her. The siren smiled all the more, noticing Sicarius’s eyes move from side to side in confusion. Sicarius leapt into the air, moving her legs blissfully over her head to form a flip, until landing behind Invicta himself. The siren began to sing, her voice moving like the waves of the stream, as if causing the richness of the water’s reflection. The song was quite beautiful itself, telling the story of the lost world of a siren, a poetry carefully crafted without the need of a harp playing in the foreground. Invicta walked slowly towards Sicarius, his chest fully exposed, much broader than Sicarius could have hoped for at the moment. She regained her energy, forming an X in front of her head in order to block the racing spade heading for her.
The blades were the only thing protecting her from the golden mystical weapon that tried so mightily to pierce flesh and convert it into gold. “Invicta! You are in a trance once again! Awake!” yelled Sicarius in hopes that Invicta would awaken. But it was far too difficult to get Invicta to realize his fate. It was if a deep fog prevented him from seeing reality, much less think. He continued staring at Sicarius as if he were a zombie, the living dead, unaware of what was or is.
Sicarius knew it would be far too problematic to attack the sinister creature before her, especially since the siren was using Invicta as a defense mechanism. Sicarius had the urge of throwing her daggers at the siren, but it was fear that stopped her. She feared that the weapons would fail in piercing the heart of the figure before her. She kicked Invicta on his protruding chest, only making him stumble backwards a few steps. Sicarius ran towards Invicta, kneeling down in the process and sliding underneath his extended legs. The siren’s smile turned into a brisk bewilderment. She laughed only to make the situation seem an easy task for her. Her watery dress made of fresh white droplets turned into a light green, made out of the underwater vines which encircled her body in mysterious ways. They were alive, those vines, much like the Vines of Fatum.
The king had dived into the water, causing droplets to fly into the air and return to the stream in which the king was now succumbed in. Magni was clearly seen underwater, his eyes amused by the woman before him. The siren knew of the king’s presence and she developed a plan to have him yield to her. “Oportet te ita esse, rex? Paulo cantus ut auxilium vobis sentire magis consolatoria in meam Must you be so far, my king? A little tune may help you feel more comfortable in my presence,” stated the siren as she snarled at him.
The king was far too weak to defend himself from the mystical force within the siren. Her weapon was far more dangerous than his spade of petrification. His heart began to beat at a faster pace as the siren sang of the power Malum had brought to the land and how he would return to destroy the weak. She slurred these words with such rhythm and passion that one could clearly see the picture form in one’s thoughts.
As the king neared closer to the siren, the beautiful beast smiled, knowing that the king was now in her grasp. Her black hair floated wildly around her pale skin, her eyes being the only true color as she narrowed them to have the king obey.
Sicarius moved forward despite the deathly appearance of the siren. The vines moved along the surface of the siren’s arms and into her hands as she clasped her fingers around the live rope. Containing a grim facial expression, Sicarius leapt upwards. She formed an X once again, this time to easily slice through the slender neck of the woman. But her goal was not met, for Invicta had almost flown behind her as he flipped into the air. A golden spade leapt at Sicarius, behind the siren’s neck. The siren smiled, moving her head underneath the dangerous weapon. Sicarius’s slender body was able to evade death as she moved her head backwards, bending her knees in the process.
“Non tam facile putasti Not as easy as you thought?” questioned the siren without waiting for an answer, “Principem meum esse in vita nihil prosperum habebitis My little princess, there are things in life even you cannot win.” The siren smiled, twirling her arrow in between her slender and soft fingers. The vines along her hands stretched out at Sicarius, knocking her feet from the ground until she lay defenseless and weak. The vines slowly crept along the vampire’s body, easing along her legs and arms. The slime only escalated the uncomfortable feeling the vines provided. The more Sicarius struggled, sliding away in an attempt to escape the grasp of the vines, the more the vines tightened around her pale flesh to keep her on the ground by the trunk of a silver tree.
“Ego vos nunc meum Principem. Tu putas te vincere me? Existimasti frater quidem ei caderet. Audivi et multa scire secreta abscondas! Ira ferre! Cur permanent proelio terram hanc Estne aliquid tibi manet? Credo ut mi. Est mortis I have you now my little princess. Did you really think you could defeat me? Of course my brother thought you would fall for him. I have heard and know many secrets you hide! The anger you bear! Why do you continue fighting for this land? Is there something in store for you? I believe so my dear. It is death!,” whispered the siren with a ghastly stare.
Sicarius spit at the siren, the droplet of moist saliva flying into the air until landing on the siren’s cheeks with a mighty splat. The siren’s smile turned into one of anger, more fitting to her true figure. “Est rex docerem vos non mores Vester parvulus, defensionem Ipsum non refert anyways nunc quod habeam vos ad vestígia mea! Honorato sicarius morietur tonight Has the king taught you no manners? Your little defense technique won't matter anyways now that I have you at my footsteps! An honored assassin will die tonight!” screamed the siren, causing the rather tranquil environment to have a deathly feeling.
Sicarius could no longer talk, for a vine sliding along her red lips prevented any such thing from happening. Her eyes showed the anger she bared as they narrowed more acutely than before. Her eyes filled with a black pigment as she squirmed, causing the vine along her lips to tighten.
The siren was surely enjoying the scene. Sicarius’s eyes widened as she saw the long arrow rise into the air and sink into her flesh. The arrow easily sunk into the armor, then into the flesh, until causing the blood around her chest to bleed a silver color. The siren grinded her enemies skin, turning the arrow in a circular movement. Sicarius widened her eyes all the more, to be frozen before the laughter of the siren.
Sicarius was dead, the siren knew it. She moved her eyes to the staring Invicta, knowing she was done with one and had another inhabitant to face. The siren knew this task would be easy since men easily yielded to her beauty. She walked around Invicta in a slow manner, tracing her long right index finger along his neck.
“Relinquitur nunc pace We are left in peace once again,” said the siren with widened eyes. She smiled right after, hardly believing she had killed legend itself.
Her smile became a wide gape, as she felt a throbbing pain through her chest. She breathed deeply, her eyes freezing in a deathly stare. Her lower lip quivered with immense throbbing the pain yielded. She continued staring at Invicta, having her doll-like fingers trace along her body. The fingers trembled at each touch, until finding the protruding object in the area by her heart. Her life was over at that instant, blue blood racing down her chest and along the slender vines that encircled her legs.
"Qua…qua…quam po..po..potest ho..c es..se Ho…how..how ccc ca can this be?” coughed the siren between the slow death that succumbed her very existence.
“Non est ridiculam, quod mortem operatur in arcanus vias? Plane aliquis obliti Lego alium page mei victorias. Ego sum iniuriam? Non cor, ferae! Vos cogitastis volui figurate? Ego sum insignitius fabula est. Legends numquam moreretur. Faciunt Is it not funny that death works in mysterious ways? Obviously someone forgot to read another page of my victories. Am I wrong? I have no heart, you beast! You thought I meant figuratively? I am a legend. Legends never die. Do they?” stated Sicarius mischievously while she encircled the crippled siren.
“Impossibile Impossible!” screeched the beautiful figure as she found it difficult to breathe her last breaths. Sicarius rolled her eyes at such high pitched noise. The siren continued to hold her side. She lifted her hands up, the blue blood forming a coating around her soft fingers. “Venit soror, Veni Come sister, Come,” whispered the siren as her last resort of saving her life. She had no control of Invicta, his eyes clearing from a dream-like stance.
The waters bubbled at the surface as the siren that looked much like Sicarius leapt from the waters. She was the real Princess of the waters, one whom her father adored for her might. Her face slightly turned into her red haired figure until it disappeared to become an innocent woman—Sicarius. She lifted up one object from her right hand, as if readying herself to throw it at Sicarius. Her innocent face turned into a wicked smile, far more wicked that Sicrarius could have imagined to form. She threw the king to the shore, followed by a petrified Magni. The siren snickered, for she saw a plan form.
“Soror, sine more. Sed videte quid facturus sim My sister, suffer no more. Only watch at what I am about to do,” stated the siren in the waters. She raised her body, having her bare feet walk upon the surface of the blue waters. Sicarius turned to her side in an attempt of threatening the killing of the siren’s sister. The injured siren was gone, unless it was the shadow she felt behind her.
She hurriedly turned around, finally spotting the two sisters by the shore line. “Erat ego velox vobis Principem Was I too swift for you Princess?” asked the mighty siren as she defended her injured sister behind her. The twin of Sicarius held a familiar dagger, twirling it around with her pale fingers. She whispered a phrase to her sister. The blonde siren approved of the idea as she nodded her head in awe.
The siren, whom appeared much like Sicarius, turned her back towards her enemy, unafraid that Sicarius could easily throw her one dagger at her. The siren swiftly turned around as a small zar raced towards her face. She deflected the small metal star by raising her own weapon before her face. The zar hit the blade at the tip, causing it to change direction and fall upon the silent waters. The siren no longer had a watery dress as before, her body was now covered by color, by armory, by the same clothing as Sicarius wore. If the two were side by side, it would be easy to have been confused by who was who. They walked the same, smiled the same, and behaved the same. The siren was always one step ahead, able to retain the information Sicarius stored in her mind in the past day.
Sicarius stared at the beast, knowing already who she was. The sister that stood behind the defending siren, yelping and gasping, breathed deeper as each breath became coarser. The dagger she held into the air shined with a blue color at the handle as if it were an eye awakening—it was the twin of the dagger Sicarius held in her right hand.
“Vultus enim hoc? Sunt nos Looking for this? Are we?” asked the blonde siren. Sicarius stared at the siren menacingly; they had taken her favorite blade, the one the Vines of Fatum bore to her.
Invicta had failed to help Sicarius in anyway. His head pulsated and his steps became off course. The twin siren grabbed the blade in her sister’s hand and replaced it with her own double-bladed weapon. She took out a harp, as if it were in her armory the entire time and began to strum the musical instrument with the newly retrieved blade. The jewels on the handle of the blade sparked with each strum. She began to sing a tune, a melody, a song, far more enchanting than her sisters’. “Vigilaveris Wake up,” said the dominating siren. The king and Magni, soaked with the waters, began to open their eyes. They coughed at first, causing water to spring out of their very mouths. Invicta’s sleep walking became one of absolute vigilance.
The blonde siren, the one whom Sicarius had thought to be dying, soon raised the two headed dagger, having it gently scrape the neck of her sister. “Moueri et percutiam eam Move and I will strike her!” yelled the injured siren as the blood continued to drip around her waist. She closed her eyes in utter bitterness of the pain. Sicarius’s clone hid the diamond ditcher dragger behind her back, in an attempt of making the scene seem as real as possible. The king and Invicta rose up, gathering their weapons and holding them into the air. It was clear that they were not fully aware of what was happening. They saw Sicarius a few feet away from the sirens but were unsure if she was simply a siren pretending to be their companion. “Soror, elicere ad vos credimus in facto Sicarius Sister, lure them to believe you are in fact Sicarius!” whispered the blonde siren sternly to Sicarius. She whispered in a way to seem as if it were secrecy, knowing that Invicta, Magni, and the king would be able to clearly hear her remarks.
“Non loqui ad me! Scio me consilia mala. Cur non uti tua cithara in talibus? Vobis mendacium Do not speak to me! I know your wicked plans against me. Why not use your harp in such matters? You tell lies.”
The blonde siren smiled. Invicta already began walking towards Sicarius with his spade in his hands. “Soror scis nimium non potest esse sine aqua circum corpora citharis? Ego tantum vites Sister, you know all too well that we cannot use harps without the water around our bodies! I have only vines,” the blonde siren stated, being a few feet away from the shore line. The droplets of water had dried.
Sicarius leapt into the air, somersaulting backwards before standing up several feet away from Invicta who had tried to kill her. “Invicta, it isn’t what you think. Please! Trust me. I’m the real Sicarius. Look, I hold my blade to the light!” Sicarius attempted to tell Invicta while raising her blade for Invicta to observe.
“Ut ego As do I,” stated the cloned siren. She kicked her sister at the legs, bringing her blade upwards to her own chest. The blonde siren lied on the ground with pain, the white sand beginning to form a blue puddle around her.
Invicta looked back at Sicarius ominously. “Te fallere me, Siren profundis You deceive me, siren of the depths!” he shouted. He withdrew his weapon of destruction, causing a metallic sound rise to the surface. He raised it in front of Sicarius, preventing her from escaping his grasp.
Sicarius leapt, using the extended sword as a step. Using her right foot, she pushed off of the sword and aimed her one dagger at her clone. Her eyes narrowed with madness. Her nose wrinkled with disgust. And her mouth gaped, exposing her sharp white canines. Sicarius stood before the siren, not wasting any time to talk to the beast. She twirled her body handling her blade with great interest. The blade raced through the air as it cut through the flesh of her clone. The siren’s armory was hardly defenseless; the blade went through the watery projection and into the thick skin of the abdominal area. Sicarius knew she needed to inject the blade into the heart of the beast but she felt a sharpness pushing threateningly against her neck, the place she was vulnerable to. With one hasty move, her head would fail to provide a legend to the land.
“Surgere, te misellus res Rise, you pathetic thing!” shrieked the blonde siren, barely able to contain her pain. Her wound was slowly healing. The blue blood that continued to drip was most likely due to an injured heart. The heart had failed to be punctured in the middle, having only been punctured at its side.
Sicarius rose her body up slowly and dropped her weapon onto the white ground, for the cloned siren had been one step ahead and threatened her with the similar blade. The blade seemed to have fallen rather slowly, or perhaps it was because it was precious to Sicarius. It was something that had lived with her through the blood enriched wars—it had saved her life in several occasions.
She remembered the day she had received the blades. She had proven her worthiness in the king’s army, a king that came from an era during Fortis’s beginning time. She had battled the Nix Pardus, a giant snow leopard with menacing purple eyes and teeth made of a metal far stronger than the wood that made up each tree in the land. The coat of the beast was clear for the most part; one could scarcely see the outline. She was only 19 at the time, equipped with a long arrow and a bag in which to store food and useful supplies for the place she was to live on—Mount Periculum. This was where the beast lived, and many like it.
The air had been chilly, and the skies shown darker than in most areas. Her skin was far paler than it normally was, being quite as white as the snow beneath her feet. She would breathe in, curling her lips, and then breathe out, having her breath shown through the coldness in her surroundings. It had been quite difficult finding the Nix Pardus, especially since all she wore was a vest made from the hide of the blue cattle. Her hair had been longer then, being braided into a coil much like a snake’s rattle.
Finding the beast, Sicarius had used two zars, throwing them in a swift manner to inject into the purple jewels before her. The zars had raced past her extended arms, cutting through the air itself, and yielding its way to the target. The weapons had sliced the middle of the eyes in a diagonal manner, causing the beast to let out a loud frightening cry. The jaws had extended outwards, as if grinning for the death of its enemy. But Sicarius was far more swifter than the already debauched monster before her. She had leapt into the air, using the beast’s back as a sliding board to appear on the other side. With her long arrow extended, she had thrown it fair and square to the beating blue heart of the creature, of the beast, of the monster, ending its life in a brisk moment. The task was not difficult at all to Sicarius, for she was born a warrior.
She had returned to the king’s palace, her home in which her father awaited in the Northern part of the land. The Vines of Fatum slithered, patiently waiting for her safe return. The king of the West had offered her the chance of fulfilling her vital destiny as a tribute for her tactics.
She had walked briskly towards the vines, dropping all her weapons onto the ground. Her paces had become faster, more deliberate, as she saw the vines appear before her. Her heart started pacing and her braided hair floated in the air as she ran towards the one’s that would provide her destiny. Carefully walking through the mystical florae that greeted her very presence, she came in front an area that was vacant of any shrubbery.
This was the place in which she would receive her destiny, one far more powerful than the swords and rings the vines had provided in the ages. Her pale fingers had tingled as she followed the vine’s oily arms into what was inside. The vines had begun to move rather violently, as if pushing an object of some sort towards her. Like a waterfall, the vines pushed with great force, a chest, much like the one in which Fortis kept the seed that essentially contained his wife’s life.
Sicarius remembered her expression of disappointment. The chest was far too small to contain a mighty two-handed sword. She had reached into the vines greedily, hoping to find what she had desired, a weapon of vast destruction. But the vines bore no object—the destiny had been fulfilled.
Annoyed by even the vines, Sicarius had rolled her eyes, endeavoring to open the metallic chest. But it did not open, for a key was in need. She had searched around the enchanted garden in hopes to find a key she had foolishly missed. But there was no key, only a pink stemmed plant that rose up far taller than the other flowers around her. Light blue leaves as large as an inhabitant’s hand bordered the long extended stem that bore only one flower. It was a peculiar plant, for the flower was much different than the rest. Instead of a moist blossom, the flower that the plant bore was one made of metal. The flower in itself seemed strange, even if it were not made of the golden metal. Being flexible, the multiple strange anthers that rose from the stem entwined as a mob of curls.
Sicarius had risen with her toes nicely extended in order to pluck the flower with a quick pinch. She foolishly smelled the flower, only having a metallic odor fill her nostrils. She walked to the small chest she had placed on a steady vibrant orange bush, noticing an odd circular engraving in the front. She had wrinkled her forehead in obvious wonder and confusion. Could it be? The flower was in fact the key. She had pushed the metallic piece of art into the odd key hole with great might. At first nothing had happened and Sicarius felt a rush of frustration upon her. She moved the metallic flower in a counterclockwise position until she heard a click and she knew the box was unlocked.
Two curved silvery blades, ones of which were shiny and reflectant, hailed her with greatness. Around the blade were precious blue jewels that seemed to have contained a dark liquid, for it moved throughout the stone like lava. When lifting the blade upwards, the gems shined with profoundness. Only then did she know that they were far mightier than the blade she had hoped for.
She slightly knew what the primary use of the daggers were used for. There were only two sets made in the land, both of them lost. One was composed of blue gems, as hers was, and the other was made of purple jewels in a similar manner, each containing a different power, a different use.
In the dwellings of instruction where some students practiced magical and defensive arts, Sicarius had found herself fascinated by weaponry. She had learned about the most powerful swords, most of them which had been lost through the Great War of the land. And she had studied precisely the daggers laid in her hands—they were hers forever.
She knew what needed to be done in order to preserve her life. She had lifted the swords into the sky, thanking the sky king for what was given to her from the heavens above. Before she had taken her life into her own hands (or blades for that matter), Sicarius had taken the small red berries of a tree, chewing on the minty yet sweet flavor until closing her eyes in bitterness. Her pain was over and she feared no suffering. She had raised the blades upwards once again until striking her chest one diagonal sliver at a time, forming an X across the place in which her heart beat. Using her bare hands, she felt her heart beat repeatedly in anticipation, something she would never feel for the rest of her life. Her instincts of the beast she once was haunted her no more.
Sicarius’s eyes teared. If she fought back, the siren would have beheaded her with one turn of the blade. If she gave up, all that was in the land would be lost. She blinked only once to let a tear roll down her pale cheek while keeping a determined stare, resolute to not show any weakness if she had any.
“Quis ultima Any last words?” asked the blonde siren spitefully.
“Iustus occidere statim! Quod ludibrium saepe vitam servavit Just kill her at once! It is mockery that has saved her life in many occasions!” shrieked the cloned siren. Her face showed an eagerness to kill the inhabitant who had killed her brother.
The blonde siren smiled, shaking her head in annoyance. Nevertheless, she raised her blade. But it was a thick dryness that had stopped her. Her face turned into the true beast she was, the heat forming wrinkles on her once beautiful skin. The coat that seemed normal around her body turned into a light blue color with small cracks beginning to form. She was drying.
“Stulte Saliunt in aquas Esse felicem, si incolumes volumus esse You fool! Jump into the waters! We will be lucky if we are to be unharmed!” shrieked the cloned siren, her face turning into a similar appearance as her sister’s. Her teeth exposed their true sharpness as they gaped open in defeat. Her body was far too weak to attack Sicarius. She stared once at Sicarius before diving into the waters along with her sister.



Chapter 9

Vines of Wrath


The waters stayed tranquil for that moment; there were no sirens left or any to be. Sicarius smiled, she knew they would not return anytime soon. The king and the others stared at Sicarius, knowing all too well that their lives were put in great danger. “Do you fancy me, Magni?” asked Sicarius sardonically. She bit her lip at great length. As if fearing the answer she knew too well, she drew her weapon of mass destruction, having the sharp blade touch the powerful neck of her lover. “Don’t you dare love me for I have not the heart for you,” Sicarius stared at Magni, frowning in a confused manner before walking backwards. She turned towards her front, still conceiving the deep frown as she pulled back her hair to hide her confused eyes.
“Well that was that,” stated Invicta at last, breaking the haunting silence. Still, the tranquil feeling of the water’s rushing sound proceeded.
The king let out a sigh before walking towards the shore. “You are not thinking of going down there, are you?” questioned Magni while shaking his head in disapproval.
“Is there any other way?” quizzed the king, looking around his surroundings in a hopeful alertness. There was no other option. Two large boulders prevented the king and his companions from crossing the thin waterfall. It was ironic really. Fortis and his acquaintances would have to return to the place in which they had seen their death flash before their eyes. While the sirens would not prevent their crossing, the vines would drag them to their bereavement.
But before the king jumped into the waters, he made sure he had the necessary supplies he had brought. He did not want to cross the stream again for lost items. Invicta placed his armory in the necessary position, careful not to stimulate the pain on his back. Magni gathered his silver sword, causing droplets of the color to fall upon the greyish ground. He watched as each drop caused a metallic look of wonder. Sicarius examined her daggers, grateful that the deathly and eroding siren had surrendered her blades. A thin amount of blue slime covered the surface of the handle, Sicarius being in the process of wiping it along a red weed by a silvery tree trunk.
A strong splash was heard as the king stepped into the serene stream. He had taken a blue capsule, enabling him to essentially walk upon the waters. Throwing the vile into the air, the others also yielded to the blue capsules, following the king over the long stretch of water. This was the only time the king appreciated the waters despite the home of the sirens that did not live far from the surface. Their castle would primarily be underneath the white grains of sand beneath their feet.
“Quam sunt tibi pater? Senex potest esse video How are you my father? Old as can be, I can see,” snickered the woman with the bright red hair that fell across her back in deep swirls of wickedness. She walked briskly towards the king of the underwater palace. A green slightly transparent dress covered her body with the addition of small yellow jewels around the surface. She bit her lip, for she knew her father was not easy to fool even given his old age.
“Nonne ego audire aquas commoventes, supra me? An latet habitantium aquas? Opinor eos fecistis Did I not hear the waters stirring above me? Is it true that inhabitants lurk the waters? You have dealt with them I presume,” stated the king earnestly while kissing the tender hand of his eldest daughter.
“Feci mihi regem That I have done, my king,” answered the eldest siren while looking downward as to not give the impression of lying.
“Ergo QUID…DO…I…superferri aquae dolor! Parum fecisti filia Putore sentitur circa castello meo cruore fraterno NATATIO Then WHY…DO…I.…feel the waters move ABOVE!? You have done little my DAUGHTER! I feel AND smell THE BLOOD of your brother and sister FLOATING around MY CASTLE!” yelled the king with great force, changing his impression of modesty. While the king was elderly, massive muscles sculpted his body to provide the impression of strength. The king’s hair, silvery and straight, fell around the sides of his elderly head. His eyes, a deep piercing blue, contained an iris of pure white, one that was much larger than what was considered normal in the land. Small stubbles of greyness covered the man’s chin as it wrinkled with immense anger.
“Bene .…nos non habere difficultates. Ego ego ipse non potest salvare Well…we did have SOME difficulties. But I was able to save myself wasn't I?” asserted the red headed siren as she slowly moved her eyes upwards.
“Quoniam filia mea. Ubi est alia soror (That you have, my daughter. Where is your other sister)?” asked the king promptly, not showing any emotion of comfort.
The siren before the king smiled with tranquility, “In vitis pomarii At the vine orchard.”
“Admonitus sum ab universis regibus terrae praemissis abstinere. Omnes non audire. Accepto in transitu Furtim terra. Et spes est, ut parum sit, ut revertar in fortitudine magna Malum I had warned all kings of the land to stay away from my premises. All have failed to listen. Furtim is at the brink of taking over the land. There is hope, little as it may be, that Malum will return with great power,” he stated.
“Magnum est quod audio? Sed verum est rex sursum, transitu nostrum torrens fortis This is great news that I hear! But the true king is up above, crossing our mighty stream,” whispered the siren, slurring her words with such wickedness. Scared as she was of her father building anger for the loss of his son and daughter, the fiery haired siren was quite surprised when the ruler of the castle formed a malevolent grin. His eyes glowed with a steady aqua light around the bright whiteness that the iris produced. The siren changed her serious stare into an awkward smile until fully forming a grin much like her father’s.
“Quod rex satis pacifica hodie. Mihi vero maioribus pignus imperii securi velit. Suus a misericordia oportet me occidere eum That king was quite peaceful before today. His forefathers on the other hand wanted to behead me as a token of power. It's a pity I must kill him,” stated the king sadly, yet wickedly, as if Fortis would serve as a sacrifice for his forefathers’ troubles. It was clearly an act of revenge. A person of worth had to pay, and that someone was Fortis.
“Ut vis, pater As you wish, my father,” stated the siren while she sneered. She moved the palms of her hands against each other, generating heat. She anticipated striking primarily the dreadful Sicarius who had humiliated her stance in the kingdom.
“Non pudet me, pulmonalis Don't embarrass me Pulmonara,” said the king silently as her daughter walked down the steps in which the king’s chair sat upon in the open and vacant hallway. The ground of the palace was made of blue shells that were carefully gathered from the depths of the waters. The shells glowed in a metallic way, a liquid seemingly moving beneath the shell, much like the waters up above. The interior walls of the palace were much different from the ground in the way that white coral reaching high above the king’s chair entwined to produce a patterned wall. At the corners, white marble statues, predominantly the former kings, stood high and bold, each having a trident in their grasp. Their piercing deathlike eyes fixated on the onlooker. The king smiled, for he knew her daughter would do well.
Furtim walked briskly past the hall containing great red drapes that fell down like waterfalls on the white walls that made up the ample hallway. The snake, in a relaxed position, moved its body along Furtim’s neck, having the tail slowly disappear into the muscular chest that made up most of the man’s figure. With each step Furtim took, the serpent’s mouth gaped open with a sudden annoyance, exposing the sharp fangs of death.
“Oportet gradus esse latum Must your steps be so wide?” whispered Callidus, its eyes narrowing as one of the heads spoke in Futim’s left ear. It lifted up the rather long hair that bordered the ear with rapidity. The serpent’s tongue moved serenely into the man’s ear, causing him to shake his head with a shiver. Furtim now spoke in the same language as the serpent, for it was a language he was keen to speaking.
“Singulis in aurem debetis ILLABOR lingua loqueris Must you slither her tongue into my ear each time you speak?” demanded Furtim in a frustrated state.
The other head of the serpent slowly moved itself to the other ear, piercing its eyes in sudden anxiety. “Oportet I must,” stated Callidus while the scales on its body shined with the steady light that exceled through the several holes in the palace. The black magic Furtim had produced had quickly vanished, something he was certain would happen.
Furtim opened the doorway into the room in which the twins lay asleep.
“Regina peperit geminos non nisi gravis. Sed ne occiderent eos videor. Quid est hoc Callidus The twins the queen bore are nothing but a burden to me. Yet, I feel I should not kill them?”questioned the traitor of the land in an attempt to calm the serpent from sinking her fangs into his flesh. He lifted up a red dagger before the blue-eyed twin, having the red weapon reflect off the watery surface. He laid the blade down in discomfort.
“Te sentire faciam. De gemellis iam regi prophetavit adversum regnum erit motus. Utilitatis certe erit in annis You feel as I do. One of the twins, as the king has already prophesied, will revolt against the kingdom. I am sure she will be of some use in her future years,” stated the serpent slyly.
“Quod est hoc dicere? Ipse erit in umbram mortis proles a facie eius What is this you say? An offspring of the king himself will become a deadly shadow at his presence?” asked a confused Furtim. He froze in his stance as he turned his head to face the beating eyes of the reptile.
“Quidem erit. Est eius fata, enim a lamina in eius coram erit exprobravit regni potential Indeed it shall happen. It is her destiny, for a blade placed in her presence shall defy the kingdom's power,” the serpent replied, slithering its words with such profoundness it seemed to spat fire.
“Vobis blandiri me. Illa certe habet a paucis guttis sanguinis You flatter me. She surely has a few drops of my blood.” Furtim was astonished by the snake’s remark, for he too revolted against his father and mother. He had ended their life on that noble day. He still remembered the day without anything but an imposter of a tear dripping from his left eye. He had made the days dark in the land. He had smeared golden blood onto the surface of the ground. And he had given hope for the regaining of Malum’s power.
“Mortalis de Aquas est in transitu captis rex. Fuerit reputandus potens in Malum regni. Fuerit in terra latentes in aquis. Puto etiam expertus Mortalis of Aquas is at the brink of capturing the king. He has been regarded as a powerful individual during Malum’s reign. He has been hiding in the streams of water in the land. I am sure you two have met,” stated the two headed serpent as it slithered its immense body into the small moss bed in which the purple-eyed twin lay. She quietly stared at the deathly eyes of Callidus in deep awe. The serpent raised its head, having its snout touch the small girl’s nose in a violent manner. Still the girl did not budge, for she was put in a trance, feeding off the serpent’s memories of death.
“Nonne homines mitteret luto caput? Oportet quod aqua daemonium petere Did I not send the morlutums for his head? Must that water demon claim it?” questioned Furtim in an irrational manner. His wave-designed eyebrows narrowed in dismay. He did not care for Sicarius, Invicta, or Magni. All he cared for was the king, his brother, to behead. With a twist of his wrist he opened his hands to reveal three blue feathers of metallic significance. Throwing them up into the air, the feathers swayed with the small breeze that came from the open windows. Slowly the wind caused them to form sacs of bubbles around the edges, swelling up in despair.
The feathers were no longer what seemed to be useless pieces of a chubby bird’s belly, but the bird itself. Three average sized bodies fluttered in midair, the feathers shining a profound blueness along the shimmering exterior. The grey beaks, stretched out long and thin, as if they were a horn to be played at a funeral. The wings, having the appearance of a bat’s, fluttered rather violently in midair, as if frustrated in the small room. Extending from the midsection was a long purple tail that split at the end like two daggers ready for an assassination. The bird’s eyes were the most horrifying of all as they stared at Furtim with a deep hatered; a bright red pupil with veins surrounding it awaited an order.
Not enjoying the constant noise of the wings, the serpent leapt out, sinking both fangs into the nearest bird’s flesh. One head bit at the neck while the other sunk its long daggers into the underbelly. With four holes in the bird’s body, bright blue ink did not fail to exceed the presence in the bird’s physique. It leapt out into the caves that surrounded it. The bird’s eyes widened with dismay, the red pupils darkening with every second of suffering. Within minutes the bird’s body laid limp in the serpent’s mouth, already turning into a crisp black color—death in appearance.
“Sit suus 'non comedes cunctis nostri arma Let's not eat all of our weapons,” stated Furtim in renewed dismay. Ignoring the matter for the next few minutes, Furtim motioned his hand in the air, speaking a few phrases of dark magic aloud. The room shook, the little light in the palace flickered, and Furtim smiled all the more. Within the circles his hand made, a thick and profound swirl of black smoke formed, allowing an entrance, a shortcut for that matter, into the land of Malum. Once one entered, there was no way to return.
Each step the king and his followers took was eerie despite the calm waters that fell to their left side. While the sky seamed bright through the branches of the long extended trees, a deep darkness and light fog did not fail to succumb the small peaceful dwelling. With trees extending long and tall, dark and degrading, it only seemed to overpower the tranquility the streams were destined to provide.
Still the four of them continued to the other side of the stream, seemingly more remote than they had thought. They stared at the deathly trees on the distant side. The king brought out his sword after feeling something lurk beneath his feet; he had felt a small, yet petrifying movement and did not think twice about the matter. Many a man had died for overthinking a thought. Sicarius also brought out her daggers, causing them to light up a bright blue color while expressing a pronounced electrifying sound in the process. Magni and Invicta adjusted their armory, changing them to a dark blue color in appearance that matched the suddenly darkened waters below.
“What is wrong?” asked Sicarius as she frowned. She had obviously not felt the slightest movement beneath her, not even the slightest drop of water that fell from behind her.
“Duck, you fool!” yelled the king, as he turned around with an expression of deep horror. As Sicarius swiftly bent down, a thick and slimy vine launched at her neck, missing only by inches. However, it did not fail to cause her black hair to fly up with the blow of air. She raised her daggers, spinning them through her thin pale fingers as she stared at what was beneath her. The vines were able to come out and into the waters as they pleased, but Sicarius had taken the capsule that had transformed her body to walk upon the deathly waters.
“We should get a moving!” yelled Invicta through the noisy and violent waters. The stream did not seem the least tranquil, for a deathly stir awaited them. Invicta looked around him, knowing all too well that an escape route was nearly impossible through the slimy terrain the waters had transformed to. Like a serpent’s body, the slimy green vines rose up and twisted as was permitted, enclosing the king and his warriors in a tight circle.
“The magic in the capsules will only last a few minutes! The vines cannot drag us into the waters as of now,” motioned Fortis to continue to the other side no matter how suicidal the mission should seem.
“Habemus tandem! Citharas nostras ut defecerint, sed vitibus trahm id modicum filia reginae in meam conplectere. Ego slit timidus paulo guttur in frusta in COCHLIS. Est os meum inebriat in ipso cogitari We have them at last! Our harps may have failed, but the vines will drag that little princess into my grasp. I will slit that timid little throat into pieces on a conch. My mouth is watering at the very thought,” stated the furious siren while combing her red-flamed head with her seemingly moist fingers. She blinked, exposing the gemlike eyes of wickedness as she licked her piercing lips.
She pushed her sister aside as she stood in front of a massive mirror. Thick dark vines moved clockwise around the image in the center. The siren tilted her head back, closing her eyes and having her red hair fall behind her as her body changed into its deathly appearance of pure evil. Opening her eyes once again, she lifted her harp to her chest, playing a violent tune by which the vines obeyed to. Seeing the horror of Sicarius in the live mirror, the siren smiled for she knew she would have the little princess at her feet in no time. If she could not kill her, she would split her body into pieces and benefit from what she consumed. Her tongue moved along the upper canines as if readying herself for an assassination—something she found splendid at the moment.
But what was this? An immense eerie noise erupted in the deep silence. Much to the sirens’ despair, they both involuntarily pushed the tender palms of their hands onto the sides of their heads. It was an attempt to prevent the high pitched sound from ever entering their ears. But the more they pressed, the more the high pitched sound seemed to be, as if forcing the blue prize to shoot out of their very ears. The small awkwardly shaped ears throbbed with the impulses the sound seemed to cause. Showing an expression of deep misery, Pulmonara closed her eyes with deep tightness, causing wrinkles to form as her eyes stretched the skin surrounding them. No longer did the deep color of the eyes show, it failed to provide a stance of divinity.
Invicta rolled towards his left side as a thick vine around a foot in diameter fell towards his muscular body. Using his golden sword, he pulled the blade towards his left side to generate enough force to puncture the vine towards his right. The fibers that made up the vine’s structure eased to submit to the golden power of the weapon, only forming thin strands of the golden metal. Invicta’s eyes closed with a deep hate as he opened them in dismay.
Sicarius stopped the spinning of her prime weapons, focusing on a vine that longed to fall into the waters. Jumping up, Sicarius positioned her arms diagonally. When the prime moment came through, she withdrew both of her hands in the designated direction, causing the rather thin vine to split in two and fall into the deep waters. Opening her mouth, she exposed the canines which many had feared before her.
The king and Magni had their own share of the action, stabbing parts of the vine as if to kill the gruesome plant. It was something nearly impossible since the vines had no heart, no soul, and nearly no life. The vines continued to stir, rising up with such force like a tentacle or a serpent’s wicked tail. Water splashed around the four, causing thick droplets of water to fall onto their faces in mockery.
But the vines no longer crashed or sprung from the refreshing waters with such violent gestures. It seemed as if the violent gestures were put in slow motion. Only small droplets sprang upwards as the smaller vines, powerless as they were, lowered beneath the now calming waves. The vine’s movement was not the only oddness in the surroundings. Two birds, as charming as they appeared from afar, came from a place unknown. From what it appeared, the surroundings seemed dark and uninhabited. However, it was quite hypocritical to think this when the king and his followers had already seen a beast too many. They knew too well they had no foretelling of what they would see next.
Still those birds left Sicarius and the others in question as a blur of metallic blue colors flooded the tight sky. As calm as the birds’ body seemed, their red eyes were the focal point of the benign figures. Both of them flew with great might in a circular motion until letting out a deep high pitched cry, a cry that would be able raise the dead from beneath the skulls on the shore. Sicarius frowned with great might, not wanting to show weakness by closing her ears. The cry echoed through the open land, the hallway of the wicked forests of Malum. Ignoring the nuisance of a noise, Sicarius rolled to her side, avoiding a thick vine that failed to withstand the penetrating sound. The water began to bubble furiously and the king knew it was their only chance for an escape.
“To the other side!” the king attempted to yell above the screeching sound.
Invicta turned towards the king, finishing the vine to his side. He ran towards the white cloak from afar, jumping over the floating vines with great distress. He knew the other two were behind him, surely evading the vine’s last attempts to drag them into the deep waters. Invicta’s face turned into one of confusion as he felt his feet seemingly lift from the ground, or rather begin to sink. He was nearing the edge of the waters where the king stood waiting for their arrival; Fortis shown like a bright star in the dark surroundings. Faster ran Invicta, gaining momentum and ultimately speed. Letting out a deep yell, Invicta dug his feet into the water, as if in an attempt to solidify the liquid. But the waters ceased to be hardened, they wished to contribute to the inhabitant’s death in some way, in some manner. Nearing the edge, Invicta finally jumped high, landing on his stomach by the king’s feet. Invicta clenched the greyish sand in great relief. But Sicarius and Magni were far from the edge, the vines slowly getting far more gruesome than before.
“Hic soror. Testis nobis in hanc desperationem. Quicumque est post hoc certe occidit ante tempus desinit Here my sister. The shells shall help us in this despair. Whoever is behind this will surely be killed before my time ends!” yelled the blonde twin, not able to bear the screech for much longer.
Pulmonara frustratingly adjusted her hair, engraving her long red fingernails into the flesh of her head. Her actions were uncontrollable with the deep throbbing of the horrid noise. Her senses were much stronger than that of the inhabitants. Forming a cup with her hand she clasped the purple cone-shaped shells into her ears, digging them as far as her skin allowed. With a great sigh, Pulmonora felt a great relief, hardly able to hear the screams of death alas. “Gratias soror. Nunc potest perficere occidere illorum. Et misellus vivit. Quid dicere Thank you sister. Now we can finish killing those creatures. And their pathetic lives. What do you say?” she asked ruthelessly. Pulmonara regained her power once again, tilting her head back to control the vines in a more violent manner. She snickered as she saw Sicarius struggling to escape the vine’s grasp.
“Ut vis As you wish,” the blonde siren stated as she slowly walked away, careful to not fall off the stone steps. She was uncertain whether her sister had meant the birds or the king and the others. She sighed with great might. Still holding onto the coned shells, she walked towards the walls, certain that the wall’s deep slime would sustain the shells in their position for the needed time. She rolled the thick liquid between her fingers before gently nestling it between the shell and the skin around her ears. She smiled bitterly at her idea, walking swiftly to a wardrobe close by. Her slender figure produced a thin shadow as she walked with dignity and might. As she opened the wardrobe, a small gust of wind sprang out, causing the sleeves of her slightly transparent dress to dance with the newly found energy.
“Hoc est faciendum This should do it!” bellowed the blonde siren despite the fact that no one was in the open hallway. Grabbing a golden object, she walked in a brisk manner towards the balcony. She loved the vines that sprung out, one of which wrapped its thin stem around her extended finger. Looking above, she saw the figures of Sicarius and Magni as they struggled to avoid the long stems of the vine. But still the vines moved uncontrollably, Pulmonara most likely not able to adjust her sense of skill. Aiming at the racing shadows above, the blonde siren shot only one arrow. Racing into the waters, not being withheld by the many bubbles forming at the tip, the arrow’s point glowed towards the prime target. The arrow thought, the arrow saw, and the arrow knew, as it swerved around a thick vine in order to avoid a collision other than the shadow lurking above.
Besieged with the mass of vines that sprang from the water, and the sinking of his feet, Magni looked up towards the sky not knowing if his string had been cut. Sicarius was already a short distance ahead of him, slender as she was. She moved between vines with ease, sliding underneath them as she could. But still the waters became more liquefied as the seconds went by. Regaining strength, Magni jumped into the air, grabbing hold of the vines as he used them to swing himself onto another.
As swift as she was, Sicarius found herself in a tight situation as a vicious and devious vine sprang from the water and rolled itself slowly around her body. She was defenseless, her arms being mummified to her sides. “Go on Magni!” yelled Sicarius with great might and dignity, “I can save myself as I always have.” Magni stared at Sicarius as her body was lifted into the air with ease. Leaping upwards, Magni flipped into the air, lifting up his silvery sword in a steady position above his head. Magni felt the breeze against his body as his adrenaline ceased to end. With a twist of his hands, his gleaming sword slashed through the medium sized vine, splitting the stem beneath Sicarius’s floating body.
Violently, Magni spun his body around, cutting through the multitude of vines that sprang around him. Looking up, Magni saw the body of the female figure falling along with the vine tightly grasped around her body. The cut vine began slowly releasing its tender grip. Magni held his hands before him in an attempt to hold onto Sicarius’s body. But the time never came, for a sudden splash was heard besides Magni. A horrid splash, for it was a golden gleam of destruction. The arrow of wonder, of might, of power, injected itself effortlessly into the armory and inclusively the skin that had before protected him from such harm. But even his deep sense of skill and might were unable to evade the arrow’s strong blow as it went through his left shoulder.
Realizing the drastic event before it even came to be, Sicarius struggled to remove the vines around her arms, until allowing herself to cut through the infuriating stems. Slowly, her body ripped apart the smaller vines around her waist until she stood beside an injured Magni. Quickly, Sicarius dragged the body with her. With great force she lifted the slightly limp body over her shoulders, her eyes aglow.
“You have not much time!” yelled the king. As he ran a few feet from the shoreline, his feet sunk more into the waters.
“Go back my king, it is you they seek!” Sicarius struggled to speak, bearing the weight above her shoulders. Still the vines came, wiggling their callous steps over the waters. But the vines were useless, Sicarius was sinking, and the king struggled to come forth.
“Go on without me. I am fit for death itself,” stated a quiet but willing voice.
“I cannot!” screamed Sicarius over the vines that sprang in front of her. The vines inched forward, unfrightened by the beast before it. Striking Sicarius, the vine split the two apart, having Magni fall into the waters. All hope seemed lost.
Sicarius pushed her body into the air, able to land on both her feet in the shallow waters. But Magni was nowhere to be found. Her vision was suddenly rather blurry as she raced towards the figure before her, the king, until she fell onto his shoulders devastated. At the sight of her, the king did not know what to do; he stared afar into the lurking vines waiting for a miracle to unravel while he embraced his last hope.
Invicta slowly stood up, not aware of the circumstances. “What happened?” asked Invicta, his eyes questioning the horrid scene of the vines before him.
“We need to leave!” demanded the king while putting Sicarius’s arm over his shoulder.
“Where’s Magni, my King?” Invicta questioned sternly. Looking at the king’s eyes, he knew the answer he dreaded. “No! How can this be! My king, I am sure the sirens have kept him alive at least for bait!” screamed Invicta in all despair.
The king laid Sicarius underneath a small bush away from the long vines, hoping that the vines would not attack outside the waters. He ran towards the racing body before him in an attempt to grab Invicta before he fell into the habitat of the deathly ones.
“Invicta! Come forth! It is not your fault he has fallen into their hands. It is suicidal to go there in the first place!” the king attempted to talk some sense into the enraging man before him. Catching up to Invicta, the king threw himself onto the blue armory, just as Invicta put one foot into the water. The vines had already disappeared, having captured one of their enemies. But still one small vine did not fail to creep onto the shiny metallic foot. Small as it was, the vine pulled with great might. The king had already been one step ahead as he withdrew his sword, freezing the vine in its place.
“But he is of my blood…” said Invicta softly, tightening his eyes as a last resort to prevent the flow of tears from his reddened face. The ends of his eyelids became dark with a sudden expression of deep anxiety and sadness. Invicta frowned, not able to control the sadness shown upon his face.
The king felt Invicta’s deep anxiety, shaking his head in deep regret of the journey. He felt terrible for putting his companions in such a drastic situation. It was not for war, it was merely for himself. “Forgive me. I have been selfish on this journey,” stated the king after a moment’s silence.
“No, my king. It is I that am selfish,” replied Invicta rising up while pushing back the tears that smeared across the surface of his face. “And that is why I must go to save him. He’s all I have and I am willing to die at least knowing he will be alive.”
The king did not prevent him from walking towards the waters, for he knew Invicta’s life would never be the same without his brother. But still a hand grabbed onto the armory making up Invicta’s arm, forcing him to freeze in his position. The hand did not stop from squeezing, tighter and tighter, until Invicta turned around, knowing too well that it was Sicarius. “You mustn’t go. I will bring him back to you. After all, I have no heart to pierce. All is in my favor,” stated Sicarius while bringing her hand out to show the shining ring the Man of Magic had bestowed to her. Spinning her demons of mass destruction, she sliced a small wandering vine that crept to her shoulder. “If it’s a war the siren’s want, it’s a war they will surely receive!”
“Sicarius, he’s my brother. What is in it for you? He always felt a passionate lust for you,” stated Invicta silently.
Sicarius sighed, scanning the shimmering pebbles along the edges of the stream before replying, “If it weren’t for him, I would have been the prisoner of the sirens instead. He saved my life, something not too common. I am destined to save his as a tribute. As for his love, I cannot say the same. You know I have no heart, nor do I need one!” asserted Sicarius while piercing her lower lip rather brusquely.
Reaching to his side, the king brought his sword forward, laying it a few inches above the gleaming black head of Sicarius. “I wish you well on your courageous quest. Journey eastwards towards Malum’s castle. There we will reside,” he stated. The king also brought out his small velvet bag. “Take this with you,” the king suggested. He handed over a few pills, some of which would conceal her invisibility. He made certain, however, that the chest was still tightly closed.
Sicarius asserted by nodding as the king repositioned his black sword to his side, causing a small metallic sound in the quiet surroundings. “We must be quiet, I am sure the sirens can smell our presence,” stated Sicarius as she walked towards the edge of the stream. Her armory glimmered with each movement. She looked back just once, her eyes aglow, before submerging herself into the waters in which the siren’s resided.
The king and Invicta stood up, walking swiftly without word towards the forest they dreaded. As they submitted themselves into the trees, they also submitted themselves to the evil that continued to thrive within the branches, within the land, and within themselves.



Chapter 10

Befriending an Enemy


Sicarius swam with great might down below, spotting a strong glow from what she perceived as a castle made of sand and coral. It seemed much like a clear sand castle hardened with the white crystals below. Pushing her arms downward, she lifted her body towards the surface once again, regaining a few breaths before the beginning of her quest. Before submerging herself once more, Sicarius opened her hand, revealing a cluster of pills she knew she would use as trickery upon the siren’s hearts. Taking one, she placed a blue capsule onto her moist tongue, careful not to pass the capsule through her throat until she reached the castle in which her enemies resided.
The blonde siren swam towards the surface of the water, not spotting Sicarius whom had consumed the capsule after seeing the siren approaching her. With her bow and arrows at her fingertips, the siren aimed her golden light towards the birds that continued roaming the skies. Their scream, still penetrating, had not affected Sicarius and the others. Their senses were not as acute as their enemies’. Stretching her bow once, the blonde siren released an arrow, then another, causing the two medium sized bodies fall from the heavens into the siren’s clutches. Grabbing onto both necks, the siren swam expeditiously towards the castle, her sharp teeth exposed with anxiety for the taste of fresh meat.
Pulmonara stood in front of the mirror, finally able to drop the small coned-shells onto the stone ground. A deep sound of brokenness echoed. She had seen what was in the mirror before her; the vines had revealed the figure between them. Quickly she walked towards the balcony, carefully proceeding down the small steps until reaching the openside of the palace.
The castle was quite strange; while water enetered the kingdom as it liked, the fluid did not contain the same power as in the outer regions. The interior of the dwelling contained a power much more dominant in form. The water turned into air, a moistened air that allowed the siren’s to walk as they pleased while attaining a minimum of the liquid in order to survive. The air was much different from the outside, much more moistened. Any inhabitant could breathe as they could when in the castle, but if the siren’s entered on land before a kiss, their lives would be in peril. A breath was needed for footsteps to be taken on the outer regions of the stream, and even then they had only but a short time before they shriveled and dried much like a coral. It was a curse.
As Pulmonora scanned her surroundings, she spotted the figure she longed for. While it was not the one she hoped for, she was certain the other individuals would attempt to rescue the dying figure that floated towards her. The vine wrapped around the blue armory, pushing the body forward and revealing the figure of Magni.
“Quid hic? Cur obviam iterum. Haec non longa dies putas? Cur non finem What have we here? Why we meet again. This has been a long day don't you think? Why not end it?” questioned Pulmonara without the waiting of an answer. Her eyes shown stoned, having no mercy for the sickened man before her. Bringing her hand forward, Pulmonora curved her fingers inward, bestowing long sharply pointed fingernails. The red color did not connote a feeling of love, but one of dread as she sliced through the soft sweating face.
Magni coughed repeatedly, splashing a thick juice of water onto the ground. Opening his eyes, he did not expect to see the siren before him. She grabbed Magni by the shoulders, pulling herself towards his lying body. Pulmonora did not kiss him; she only pierced his eyes with her penetrating stare.
“Ubi sunt alii Where are the others?” Pulmonora questioned in an agitating manner.
Barely able to sustain consciousness, Magni smiled rather wickedly himself. As if daydreaming, his head swayed before he spoke, “O sunt prope, domina Oh they are very near, my lady.” A small slash of golden blood eased out of the narrow passageway. Easing forward, a small drop of gold went along the crevices of a forming scar, much like a tear.
Irritated by the man’s remark in the presence of her castle, the siren slipped her hands through the openings in his armory. Swiftly, she lifted his body towards her beating chest. “Ego non modo ad ludos! Modo ferre non possumus oblivisci. Et probate me mori. O certe illi accedit, sed minus mirari me habeo, quarum unam investigatio finem arcu vanitatis eorum miserabilis I am not in the mood for games! Nor am I in the mood to sustain your life. Test me and you shall die. Oh I am sure they will come forward for you, but I have a little surprise myself, one of which will end their pathetic quest to save your meaningless life!” she screamed throughout the open passageway. Pulmonora’s mouth moved with great swiftness, unable to contain the small amount of saliva that flew along the blue armory. With the moistness of the air, the saliva failed to evaporate. She pushed Magni’s body forward with great force, causing his armory to clash against the stone bench. A small amount of powder flew along Magni’s body as pieces of the soft rock fell across the floor. With a groan, Magni finally fell into a light sleep, only able to see a blur of redness disappear.
Sicarius hid behind the vines, the ones that had recently attempted to end her life. Her nose wrinkled with the very thought, her eyes glowing a bright blue even under the waters. But from a quick glance of where Sicarius stood, there did not appear to be a figure staring into the distance where the castle stood. Her body moved with swiftness as she propelled herself towards the residence of doom. Only a cluster of bubbles formed around her invisible body as she drifted down below.
She suspected the waters were magic themselves, capable of defying the forces of the forest. Quickly realizing this as true, she took a risk to whisper a word of magic. “Spirantaqua.” She closed her eyelids, attempting to breathe underwater. Opening her mouth, she let the cool water rush into the live cave. The air bubbles, small as they may be, doubled inside her mouth. She consumed the air, knowing her magic had worked under the waves.
Pushing her legs, she felt a great pain as the armory around her pierced her body. She carried on, nonetheless, determined to the save the man that had loved her. She did not think the same as him, however. She did not like him. She did not love him. How could she? Perhaps because she had not heart! Many suspected this cold truth; many denied it. Her beauty was divine, despite the assassin she truly was inside.
As she approached the castle, she looked through the thin windows, knowing that the water’s lightness prevented them from shattering. The coral stood long and tall, an opening to the small sand castle that stood bold in front of her.
“Tibi abduxit rex? Volo vivum Have you abducted the king? I want him alive,” stated Fallentes, the king of the sirens. His emotions were tranquil, much like a grandfathers. However, a deep frown shown upon his face, notwithstanding failure.
“Credo aliquis misit gregem avium. Ne me voces dominantur ligula. Alium regem agens I believe someone sent a flock of birds. Their cries prevented me from controlling the vines. Someone else is acting with the king,” stated Pulmonora, brushing her flaming hair into the air.
“Ego fecit audire figentes sonitus. Mei aures coacti audire gruesome clamore. Tu male me filia I did hear the pitching noise. My old ears were forced to hear the gruesome cries. You have failed me, my daughter,” stated the king sadly. He attempted to raise himself from his stone chair, his blank eyes glaring at Pulmonora.
“Ibi erras, pater. Ego poterat ad capere cum argentum particularum gladio That is where you are wrong, my father. I was able to capture the man with the silver elemental sword,” glared Pulmonora before the king. The king frowned even more, struggling to remember the man Pulmonora spoke of. He nodded suddenly, his silver beard swaying with the small breeze.
“Invicta certe venit Magni. Te non me omnino Invicta will surely come for Magni. You have not failed me completely,” the king of the waters briskly stated, his expression unchanged. He held his trident to his side, walking down the steps towards the windows of the castle. “Scis quid te oporteat facere. Idem dico sororum You know what you must do. Tell your sisters to do the same.” The ruler lifted up his chin towards the gleaming waters only inches away. Lifting up both of his hands, many rings aglow on his bony fingers, he spoke a verse he knew by heart.
The man of the waters spread his arms, as if moving a form of energy. A small amount of wind, as strange is it may be, encircled the king as he repeated the verse with a higher and more demanding voice. The grey hair lifted from his shoulders, swaying around him. Still, his eyes showing stoned were expressionless. The trident he held above his head glowed with a blue electrifying stream running excruciatingly along the edges of the castle. A penetrating glow came off of the blank stare until the power around him preposterously came to an end. The castle was sealed from the outside and inside. Nothing would be able to enter or escape from within, at least for the time being.
Sicarius saw the giant man in the shadows, knowing too well of his powerful magic. She was unsure whether to enter the castle or find another entrance, possibly from underneath. She also knew the castle would either trap her or prevent her from entering. She moved above, swaying her body from one side to the other. As a last resort, she pulled her hands to her sides, enabling her to sink to the bottom of her enemies’ premise. She knew there would be no other way to save the man whom had risked his life for her. But did he not only risk it for love? Was it something as meaningless as love that had saved her? She did not know the answer, but the dread of returning to Invicta without his brother haunted her the most. She had never failed, and was not about to risk her high standard in the kingdom. Tilting her head, she took another pill, her body flickering from existence.
“Viviorque, Pater vult recipere flagellis. Ut velut latens Viviorque, father wants us to retrieve the whips. They may be lurking as we speak!” warned Pulmonora to her wandering sister. Viviorque’s blonde hair dropped along her bare shoulders in a seductive, but vile stance. She turned her head with a questioned look before asking the obvious.
“Certus es, soror? Vos scire virtutem continent.…Are you certain, my sister? You do know the power they contain…,” Viviorque attempted to state, her face frowning in inquiry.
“Rogato ne soror! Nescio quam tu vis. Annua iactura lucrum annuum Do not question me, my sister! I know more than you of the power. A year's loss, is a year's gain!”
“Credis omnia sciunt et vident. Scientia et aetate nihil? Si res maiori desiderio vitae, non mea. Perdam te cum detrimento pluribus annis. Tempus instat, soror You believe you know and see all. Your age has nothing to do with your knowledge! If I may state, your life is the major loss, not mine. While I lose one year you will be losing much more. Your time is closing, my sister,” Viviorque asserted. Her red lips curled with profound wickedness. She smiled while the birds she carried at her sides bled with each step she climbed.
Pulmonora froze in her stance, agitated by her sister’s quick remark. Her eyes narrowed in sudden hatred, but she began to laugh instead. The laugh echoed throughout the silvery hall, the hall having a similar appearance to the inside of a cathedral. “Te sunt non multo minor te You are not much younger yourself,” she whispered to herself.
Pulmonora walked to a small stone wall containing rich blue colored water. “Apparent,” she stated softly as she walked up the small white steps before her. Obediently, a small capsule her size appeared before her, its light flickering with malevolence. The capsule was not plastic, not even merely glass, for it was made of only water. She walked into the floating sphere of aqua before her, positioning her arms on her chest opposite of each other. The great statues stationed along the small stream of water lowered their tridents in a diagonal position, causing the white base of the fountain to break apart. Closing her eyes, Pulmonora spoke one word, “Descende,” causing her floating hair to disappear as her body moved with the water’s current.
She opened her eyes, feeling the water’s throbbing slowly calming down. She was now underneath the castle, in the sands that had made what she now saw. The walls, a dim grey, shown around her. They were shaped into arches in a long row ahead of her. Her eyes sparkled with profound calamity, for she felt the power of destruction embrace her. She walked along the dark passage, dim due to the lack of light from the waters that were nowhere near the room. However, a blue glow appeared on each stone walked upon, giving light to the stone tiles ahead. With each step, and each glow, a small vibrating sound was heard in the quiet basement. Swords, tridents, armory, and harps marked the sides of the hall. At the end of the hallway lied a statue with wings—a black statue at that. A harp lied in the arms of the male statue who was lowered to the ground.
Walking towards it, Pulmonora blew onto the statue’s hair. “Vigilantibus Awake,” said the siren silently. The statue lifted its massive head, moving its legs with sudden anxiety. “Quid mihi opus What is in need of me?” stated the statue as it rose from the pedestal. He raised his head in a warrior stance. “Nil iam ego quum pro annis. Autem, hostis ut latens in praemissa. Noscimini aliis. Hoc est I have asked nothing of you for these past years. However, an enemy may be lurking in our premises. Alert the others. This is all,” ordered Pulmonora without the sign of any facial features.
“Ut postulas As you demand,” asserted the black statue as he jumped above the siren. He continued to walk towards the sphere of water, disappearing above.
The siren walked to the pedestal before her. Bending down, she moved her fingers along the carvings, until feeling the seal. Pushing her trembling hands forward, she struggled to open the chamber. As a last resort, she snapped her fingers, releasing the suction of the closure. As a small amount of powder fell from the edges of the lid, Pulmonora pushed the covering off with her feet. The lid finally crashed from the siren’s view.
“Nunc in flagellis Now for the whips,” mumbled the siren to herself as she made a wicked frown. Putting her left arm on the edge of the chamber, she pushed her body over the small stone walls. She walked down the slippery stairs, careful to not fall upon the same step in which blue blood was stained upon. A shadow lurked in the already dark narrow hallway. Walking slowly against the wall, the siren peered a few inches away from the corner. Taking out her harp from her side, she played a simple tune, causing the shadow to slowly fall asleep. Walking briskly around the corner, Pulmonora stepped over the furry creature similar in appearance to a bulked leopard. The muscular features relaxed, only throbbing in odd instances. The mouth of the beast laid open, two sets of long fangs stretched downwards. The eyes lied opened, staring at the blurry figure before him.
“Ipsum bonum puer Very good boy,” stated the siren silently, not looking behind her to see the suffering beast glare at her with a benign hatred. Pulmonora opened the casket before her with simplicity, using a silver key with a dull ruby center. As she heard the click of the key, the stone brightened a steady red color within the odd thin carvings stemming from the center. Lifting up the cover, Pulmonora gazed inside the metallic interior surface. A cluster of silver whips, wrapped around each other, contained the appearance of greedy serpents entangled in a knot.
As she reached out for one of the gleaming whips, a set of kneading teeth pierced her slender stretched out leg. Feeling the sudden pain, Pulmonora lifted her head, causing her neck to stretch out while she closed her eyes with exasperation. Opening her vibrant eyes, she turned around, hitting the beast with great force. The harp caused the beast to lie in a petrifying state as the blood along the siren’s leg trickled down, staining the polished white floor.
Pulmonora grimaced with a sudden rage. She lifted two of the whips into the palm of her right hand. Closing the metal lid with a slam, she quickly walked along the passageway, forgetting the ruby key. She disappeared into the waters that reappeared before her, her arms containing the whips which were coiled along her stretched out arms.
Sicarius had followed her, being sure to consume the capsules every five minutes that passed. Her image flickered as she consumed the pill. She walked carefully down the passageway, wondering what beast could have revolted against its master. Easing forward, she saw the bluish fur of the creature. Opening her mouth, she knew it was a relative of the beast she had killed to prove her trustworthiness to the land. She stepped over the creature, seeing that it was breathing heavily. Slowly, she bent downwards, moving her tender hand along the warm fur that surrounded the beast’s enviable body. Its thick face glared at Sicarius—an alliance was formed.
Sicarius ran through the passageway, not wanting the sphere of water to disappear without her. Sicarius left a trail of light before emerging herself into the chilly element. She found herself in the same fountain. A silent feeling lurked around her.
Pulmonora walked briskly towards her sister. She had grabbed the whips with black elastic gloves, careful not to activate the whip’s power just yet. Taking one of the whips, she threw it in the air towards Viviorque’s quick body. Viviorque turned her head, hearing the metallic noise as it soared towards her. With a quick move, the siren spun her body around, grabbing onto the end of the metallic serpent. The metallic weapon quickly began to form an electrifying light starting from the handle to the tail. The siren moved her wrist in a circular movement, the enlightened whip dancing before her. “Mea movet multum velociores quam ante My moves are much swifter than before,” the blonde haired siren smiled as she looked upon her sister’s stern face.
Sicarius stared at the palm of her hand— three pills to ease pain and five others for invisibility. She did not have much time to spare, half of the enchanted capsules needing to be used by Magni. She had chosen to control her powers that came with being a vampire. But the powers were by far greater in times of war, of destruction, of killing. Her powers had never been as strong as the day she stood between the sirens as they glared to themselves in utter malevolence. Her father had loved her nonetheless, teaching her to control the beast inside her.
“Meditate, my daughter,” he had said. The walls around her had been white and damp. She had sweated, her mouth showing the signs of newly developed teeth. Sharp teeth and bloody teeth surrounded her jaws. She had never killed an innocent inhabitant, but she strived to kill the harmless creatures in the openness. People had stared at her in question, not believing a beautiful girl like herself could contain an omen. She did not contain an omen; the omen was inexistent, having only been told through the numerous fairytales of ‘humans.’ Sometimes this scared her, and sometimes it did not.
“Breathe deeper. Do not see this as a disease, as a burden, my daughter. If the power you contain is controlled, you will be able to do marvelous things. The vampires of the north are gruesome only because they have not learned to control what was unwillingly given to them,” he had continued stating. He contained a soft face, determined, yet humble. His thin eyebrows formed in an odd curve around his eyes, the same color as the long thin burgundy hair that lay motionless behind his skull. “I love you nonetheless,” he had whispered tranquilly as he put his arms around her shoulders.
Sicarius moved towards Pulmonara, bending backwards to avoid the whip’s sudden movement. She had to move quickly, the pill’s magic would only last for so long. As she stooped down behind Pulmonora in an attempt to bind her legs, the black winged statue held his harp in the air, the harp’s figure transforming into a scythe. The scythe formed jagged edges as it brightened with a darkened supremacy. Quickly rolling to her side, Pulmonora missed injury by inches. Still, the statue progressed towards Pulmonora, Sicarius hiding behind her. Lifting up his scythe, the black statue motioned his arm with great force towards Pulmonora. Jumping, Pulmonora screamed with anger. As she rose in the air, she motioned the whip towards the scythe, able to retrieve it from beneath the statue’s right hand.
“Quam audet te oppugnare solum habitatores quod dedit te How dare you attack the only inhabitants that gave you life?” questioned Pulmonora as her voice echoed with wickedness throughout the hall.
“Vidi tres lux fontes, tuum, sorores, et peculiari aliis. Quod singulis fugit I saw three light sources, yours, your sister’s, and a peculiar other. That individual has escaped,” stated the statue as he froze as he was intended to do so.
Pulmonora circled around him, lifting her finger in acknowledgement “Quod tibi non licet interficere. Habens conspectu tuo esset satis infelix. Ut misceatur corpori Lætábor putrescit si forte etiam in profundis aquarum. Collige alii, hic Sicarius That does not permit you to kill me. Having your sight would be quite unfortunate. I will be glad to moisten your body to rot in the depths of the waters if this should happen again. Gather the other ones, Sicarius is here,” she stated ruthlessly as she curled her quivering lower lip with benign hate.
Sicarius smiled as she heard the last of her primate’s voice echo around her. She looked back, seeing that the black statue moved away from the two sirens. Walking briskly towards her enemies, Sicarius spun her two blades in her hands, causing a small metallic noise to form. She did not care that the siren’s knew of her presence. Her only job was to terrify them to succumb to her demands, something she did quite well.
The sirens looked at each other, not comprehending where the odd noise came from. There was a sudden silence. The sirens’ face shown in a peculiar frown, slightly terrified for the time being.
“Hic sum Here I am!” Sicarius broke the silence rather drastically. She said it a manner that caused both sirens to tremble. Pulmonora made an expression of deep disgust, cringing her small nose. Sicarius stepped quietly around her, simply digging her weapon along her neck.
“Ubi Magni Where's Magni?” whispered Sicarius, digging the blade further into Pulmonara’s airway. The other blade sharply stabbed the siren’s back.
“Nescio quid loquaris I do not know of what you speak of,” answered the siren silently, careful not to swallow for fear that the blade would cut into her thin skin. Her face shown to be one of innocence once again. It was a trickery of the sirens.
“Non fallat me lingua. Ego semper interficiam eam Don't trick me with your tongue. I could always cut it off,” stated Sicarius in a delicate manner. She threatened with her blade.
“Mutus ero meus princeps. Sciant omnes vos Then I would be unable to speak, my princess. You out of all should know that,” answered the siren mockingly. She motioned with her eyes to her sister.
Being one step ahead, Sicarius threw her dagger towards the blonde siren, causing the harp in her hand to crash against the shiny surface of the ground.
“Non experiri aliquid. Dic mihi ubi ille tenebat gladium Magni et dimittam furtim volens vitam finire Do not try anything. Tell me where you have kept Magni and I will release the dagger that so willingly would end your foolish life!” yelled Sicarius in a frustrating manner. Her image flickered behind Pulmonora’s slim body as she dug the dagger upwards.
“Audivi vocem tuam. Hoc stetit I have heard you keep your word. This may cost you,” snickered the siren as she pushed the dagger downwards. “Tua moriens amicus est per aula. Spero te postea valde Your dying friend is down the hall. I trust you will be very fond of him afterwards.” Pulmonora’s smile did not disappear as she spoke her words of trickery.
“In ludis non sum passus. Non conteram promissa. Tamen adhuc faciunt I am not in the mood of games. I don't break promises. However, I could still do this,” Sicarius moved her small blade between her fingers until scraping the cheeks of her enemy. Two large lines oozed with fresh blue blood as the drops fell downwards.
Sicarius wrapped her black cloak around her body, able to blend in with the darkness on the sides of the castle. She retrieved her dagger from the floor.
“Post eam Est ingressus ad tumescere zona After her! She is going towards the breeding zone!” screamed Pulmonora after she provided a strong whistle that echoed through the walls.
The black statue ran towards Pulmonora who signaled ahead of her. Pulmonora followed her racing sisters. “Ego congregabo aliis I'll gather the others,” stated Pulmonora silently as she felt her liquefied face raging with a profound anger. Walking with her harp, she strummed it not once, but twice, calling the statues to rise, for it was time.
Walking quickly down the hall, Pulmonora stopped before her silent father. This time the man of the waters spoke. “Sentio facie mea. Mea potentiae non prohibere eius ab ingressu I feel a presence in my domain. Did my powers not stop her from entering?” yelled the king, refusing to believe that his powers had defied him.
“Non causa, rex meus. Sicarius ut ingressus ante sciens It was not your cause, my king. Sicarius may have entered before our knowing,” stated Pulmonora silently in an attempt to bring tranquility. Pulmonora posed her hands along the sides of her hips, biting her lip in frustration. “Quae continet virtutem invisibilitatem. Quid aliud habet vires, non dici. Scis quam ego pater mi She contains the power of invisibility. There is no telling what other powers she contains. You know more than I do, my father,” she stated as she posed on one hip.
“Non signa vocare? Eam tamquam ad ultimum recursum ad Serviam. Denique pater abscondi virtutem petam Did you not summon the statues? I will serve as a last resort to bring her down. After all, her father has hid the power I seek,” answered Fallentes as he pinched his chin in thought.
“Ego ut interrogavit. Ut vis, pater I did as you asked. As you wish, my father,” Pulmonora silently spoke as she bowed before her king. She walked down the steps, providing a deathly echo in the dark blue room. Walking at first, the siren changed her pace to a running skip. She moved her whip around her, producing a steady glow of lightning to slash the very head of her enemy—Sicarius. It was a sign of love, that, she was certain.
Sicarius briskly walked across the shiny floor, looking down from time to time at her reflection. She seemed rather depressed, as if her heart were cold as stone. Perhaps it was, being preserved in a land from afar. Still, it puzzled her. Continuing looking down, she noted her face suddenly brighten with happiness. Biting her lip, she knew she was not asleep. It was a stupid thought to think she was dreaming. But she continued smiling, the reflection on the floor. In a treasure box, Sicarius lifted up a heart.
No! No! No! Sicarius thought to herself. How could it be?
“Videsne saxa? Quid optas? Lapides numquam mentiri Do you not see the stones? What is it you wish for? The stones never lie,” stated a pleasant voice behind her.
As she turned around, Sicarius replaced her bare hands with her prime weapons that lighted up with a profound blueness. “Vos secuti me You have followed me?” asked Sicarius slightly confused as she stared into the face of a young innocent girl. “Alii fuerunt in castro nesciebam I did not know others lived in the castle.”
The small girl, around nine human years old, had long strands of pure black hair. Her pale complexion reinforced the small black eyebrows above the penetrating blue eyes that stood petrified before Sicarius. “Me cum te. Ego sum non sicut ceteri Take me with you. I am not like the rest,” stated the small siren, ignoring the assertion of Sicarius.
Sicarius quickly kneeled down before the innocent child, holding her tender hands with her own. Making a face of deep sorrow, Sicarius stated, “Ego non. Una manus vobis absque aqua. Tu puer amorem invenire. Tua incantatores potest non irritum I cannot. For one, you would die without the water's touch. You are too young to find love. Your spell cannot be broken.” Sicarius looked at the girl sadly before standing up. She saw the shadows at the corner, knowing the statues would be in the search of her.
“Ibi erras. Mordebit me, quia tuam morsus crescit. Potes me miserum That is where you are wrong. Bite me, for I see your fangs growing. You can save me of my misery,” stated the small girl. Her eyes shown saddening as a tear raced downwards from her vibrant right eye. “Semper non quid velit We don't always choose what we are.”
Sicarius thought for a few minutes, knowing the others were nearby. She did not speak as she looked into the girl’s eyes. Taking the girl by the hand, she pushed her body onto the nearest wall in which shadows lied. Moving her cloak with her right hand, Sicarius covered them both from the enemies’ eyes. The statues, only able to see light, were unable to track the covered bodies on the side of the wall.
“Illa non abiit in locus, Viviorque She has not gone into the room, Viviorque,” stated the black statue silently to the blonde siren who stood in front with her whip racing by.
Stepping close to the black statue, the siren whispered into his ear. Nodding, the statue ordered two of the white marble statues to go ahead while the others followed the siren and him to the other rooms behind.
Noting that all had left, Sicarius relaxed her position against the wall. She grabbed a hold of the girl’s shoulders as she searched for truth. “Quam credimus te. Facile persuasum videtur homo sum. Sed eros mendacium dixeris How can I trust you. I am not seen as a person being easily convinced. Yet, I feel you tell no lie,” Sicarius turned towards the staring girl, still holding her blades in a threatening manner. Her jaws clenched with a renewed anger.
Dangling a small green blade in her hand, the young siren stated, “Nesciebatis quia potuit alerted soror? Vel forte posset divisa caput ius ergo. Veni mecum, ego tuum amorem quo Did you not know that I could have alerted my sister? Or perhaps I could have sliced your head right then. Come with me, I know where they keep your love.”
Rolling her eyes, Sicarius whispered to herself, “Non est dilectione mea He is not my love…”
Following the young girl, Sicarius walked across the shiny floor, careful not to make even a small sound. She refused to look downwards, fearing the truth behind her desire. Turning the corner, Sicarius was suddenly stopped by the girl’s hand. As the girl turned towards Sicarius, she whispered, “Statuas custodiam habitaculum. Patitur me procedure The statues guard the dwelling. Allow me to proceed.”
Sicarius frowned, but nodded nonetheless, “Te facere quod You do that.”
As she waited, Sicarius heard the small voice before the giant stoned inhabitants. “Quod est iniuriam What is wrong?” the siren questioned innocently.
“Nihil timeas. Ire ad habitatio tua Nothing you should fear. Go back to your dwelling,” stated one of the white statues. A long but thin beard fell downwards on the armory that covered his chest. The hair rose high above his head in a peculiar manner as it swayed with a small amount of breeze.
“O sed facere timore. Timeo vitae Oh but I do fear. I fear for your life,” said the young siren as she jumped sideways onto the right statue that spoke, pushing off the abdomen to stab the neck of the statue on the left. Spinning around, the young siren transformed her harp into a bow, strumming the end to produce a steady blue arrow that pierced the head of the other statue. Quickly, the statues froze, not withholding life that had proceeded their falling.
“Omnes patet All clear,” stated the small voice as her footsteps carried onto the doorway before her.
Shocked, Sicarius walked around the staring eyes of the statues before her. Their grimaced faces scattered across the floor shown in anger towards the siren that had deceived them. Wrapping her hands around the handles of the giant black doorway, the young siren opened both doors with ease.
The ancient doors creaked as the hinges opened with a high, yet silent sound. The room was quite dark, only a small amount of blue light easing its way around the walls of the tight room. Small black bricks bordered the interior walls, narrowing into a small passageway in front. Walking down the small steps, it occurred to Sicarius that she had forgotten to ask for the young siren’s name. “Quid dicam vobis parvulus What shall I call you, young one?”
“Vocant me Glacies Call me Glacies,” she stated silently, not looking back at Sicarius as she touched the wall before her with her extended right hand. The palm of her hand fell along the rough texture of the walls until feeling a slight smoothness that contained the sole power of the artwork. “Aperire Open,” Glacies whispered to the walls before her.
As if listening, the small squared wall pushed backwards. Silently, the bricks that made the bottom of the walls disappeared underneath. As the bricks began to fall, so did a stairway leading to what was beneath. “Ego implevit mea parte pacisci. Aliquam enim idem I fulfilled my part of the bargain. Now it's time for you to do the same,” stated Glacies silently as she walked before Sicarius. The room was hardly lighted except for a sharp glow that illuminated the sacs that extended from the ceiling.
The large sacs dangled within their own weight, moving from side to side and yet failing to fall down. Touching a sack with her dagger, Sicarius lifted it up to her vibrant eye. The clear slime failed to stick onto the dagger as it quickly fell to the ground in a loud splash. Smiling, Sicarius examined the sack before replying, “Numquam constat ad rudis postulat I never agreed to your crude demands.”
The siren continued walking silently around the sacs of mucus only whispering beneath her breath, “Nos videre ut We will see about that.”
Walking around the large sacks that continued to drip the clear liquid, Sicarius followed the siren. A slightly clearer sac, contained an odd figure that lurked behind the surface. The body floated within the water-filled membrane, seemingly lifeless. It was rather difficult to tell who the figure was, if it were an inhabitant at all. Sicarius smiled at first, not fully comprehending what the odd inhabitant was. As if a dagger had pierced her heart (if she had one), Sicarius took a deep breath, knowing too well that it was Magni. The blonde hair covered his most dominant facial features. The long thin eyebrows, the vibrant blue eyes, the small nose, and the smooth cheeks that spread evenly across his face drifted with the liquid. The only feature that seemed dominant, were the lips. Tender as they appeared, the dead-like appearance of Magni seemed almost evading.
Lifting up her daggers with deep anger, Sicarius pierced the top of the sack, dragging the blades to the bottom. Sicarius looked back, almost tearing as she held her mouth with her shaking hand. She turned around swiftly, contributing to two horizontal slices through the sack in order to provide an opening for the liquid to escape. Looking upwards, Sicarius saw Magni’s body as it fell calmly on the ground. She did not look down, nor did she attempt to touch her companion. The sight was utterly horrible to look upon as the greyish body was covered with the thick mucus.
Glacies kneeled to the ground, her eyes scanning the body before touching the slightly clenched hand that lay outward on the floor. Sicarius relaxed her emotions, staring at the child with little hope. Taking a deep breath, Glacies provided a steady breath onto Magni’s body. His body did not flicker, nor did his wet hair fly into the air.
Taking out her harp, the siren strummed, moving her fingers in a steady wave-like pattern. Sicarius placed her fingers along her body, pacing around the room. She knew she had to go to Invicta. The sirens would find her. They would know. She took out the pills she had placed in her armory, the thick mucus sticking onto most of the capsules. She shook her head in disgust. She had saved capsules of invisibility for herself and Invicta, realizing she would be the only one to use them.
A cough was heard. A deep cough. A penetrating cough. The cough of Magni gave hope to Sicarius as she bent down beside him. But this was not the man she had known, for his eyes dilated to become much larger than anticipated. Sicarius looked at Glacies, waiting for an answer. The young siren was preoccupied, strumming the harp gently as she looked downwards. Magni’s skin continued to look partially greyish. The teeth all contained the same sharp thin figure.
Shaking her head, Sicarius attempted to persuade herself from reality. If she were to kill Magni, she would never be able to face Invicta. But if she did not kill him, he would lure others to their death as the other sirens had. He was slowly becoming like the ones whom had captured him—a siren.
Setting her bow aside, Glacies pushed back the long strands of hair that blinded her sight. “Cithara non usum. Magni fuit intus nimis diu The harp has no use. Magni has been inside for far too long,” she asserted as if she were a healer. She stood up as she looked upon Sicarius’s confused face.
“Deinde tempore hic fuit in frustra Then my time here has been in vain,” Sicarius looked to the dark ceiling above, a droplet easing across her eye.
“Omnes sanare vos viam You out of all should know the way to heal him,” Glacies frowned.
Sicarius frowned all the more, not knowing of what the girl meant. Staring upon Glacies’s gleaming eyes Sicarius began to move her head back and forth. Her slow movement of the head turned forceful and fast paced in refusal. “Ego potest non quod. Pollicitus sum me non I cannot do that. I promised myself I would not,” she finally answered.
“Vos estis ad. Festina ante serum est You have got to. Hurry before it's too late!” yelled the young siren with anxiety. “Sentio soror coram I feel my sister's presence.”
“Ne dicas quid faciam Don't you tell me what to do!” screamed Sicarius, pushing her blades to the sides of her body.
Glacies held her hands in the air, frowning rather sarcastically at Sicarius. Her right eyebrow, silverish in appearance, lifted up in a questionable manner. “Ille amor, non mihi He's your love, not mine.”
Magni’s body throbbed as air bubbles formed around every inch of his skin. His eyes became darker and the hair began to become duller in color. The muscles that formed his body became more dynamic as spectacular curves formed his chest. But it was not a spectacular sight, at least not for Sicarius. The teeth extended as a thick drool escaped from within his mouth. Magni was no longer the same. Soon his body would appear as normal, but a disease would take over of what he had once known.
Ignoring the siren’s remark, Sicarius looked towards the stairs, making sure the shadows did not lurk on the walls. “Ego sum paenitet. Est solum modo I am sorry. It is the only way.”
Sicarius knelt down besides the monster. Sicarius’s eyes glittered with a deep sadness before she swiftly lowering her head to taste the golden blood of the body beside her. It was only one bite, one across his neck—it was essentially the only way to save his true life. Lifting her head up, Sicarius hoped Invicta would understand.
Quickly, Magni’s eyes became the same blue color, slightly more vibrant than before. Instead of all his teeth being short and as sharp as a thorn, two long canines erupted to be as sharp as a dagger. The blonde hair appeared while the muscles became their normal size. Blinking, Magni said not a word as Sicarius lowered her mouth for just one kiss.
Of course it was not a pathetic kiss that healed the man. Such things are nonsense in a land as this. Needless to say, Magni only blinked once before his eyes slowly closed. The once bright blue gems disappeared from Sicarius’s view.
“No! Don’t do this to me!” screamed Sicarius to Magni. Taking out one of the capsules, she gently placed it into Magni’s mouth. Glacies took out a vile with water, pouring it into the small opening in order to let the pill pass through.
Quite shockingly, Magni lifted his head rapidly with deep distress, his eyes more aglow than before. His arm extended to the blade besides him, pointing it directly in front of him. He took steady deep breaths, not blinking once as he stared at Sicarius and the girl behind her. He glared at the harp besides Glacies, narrowing his eyes in deep anger. “Relinquere me ad mortem meam daemones Leave me to my death you demons!” he yelled before a frowning Sicarius. Sicarius lowered her hand to touch Magni’s other hand. Glacies lowered her head to the ground, slightly ashamed. While Glacies did not quite understand the man’s language, she knew of his anger towards her kind.
“Magni. It is truly me. I know it is quite perplexing that I should arbitrarily appear to you. Look around you; I have broken the sack containing you,” Sicarius stated silently in an attempt to have Magni lower his blade to the ground.
“You are correct, it is quite perplexing. Your tricks have little effect on me. This is why you will be unable to deceive me as before, for you will lie petrified in your position!” Invicta yelled as he pushed his arm back, creating a force that pierced through Sicarius’s extended hand. Sicarius’s expression of fright became petrified in her exact position, her mouth gaping with deep horror as her hand laid to the front.
Glacies, knowing what the result would be, swiftly moved her body around Magni, evading the blow of his blade. Tightening her eyes, the small siren smiled without regret as Magni pierced her leg. Glacies’s body turned into the monster she truly was, frightening Invicta to crawl backwards. Slowly, her body began to turn into the greenish form of a statue, her green dress freezing in its place. As she saw Magni gather his armory and walk towards the bricks, she stared down at her partially frozen body. Moving her wrist with deep rhythm, Glacies stabbed her leg without so much as a blink of an eye.



Chapter 11

A False Ruler


Furtim walked to the balcony, noticing the people gathering. Not blinking once, Furtim layed his arms against the walls of the balcony while scanning the colorful crowd. He knew what they wanted—the head of the king as did he.
“I am starting to believe the king is not dead, but alive!” stated Surrexit. Her red hair was combed into two cones atop her head. Her green eyes narrowed in deep concern as she laid her hands on her hips. Her red moistened lips curled, not nearly hiding the small buck teeth behind them. The small crowd around her shouted with her as they raised their hands in anger.
“What distressful this has been. I tell you, that man is trying to fool us all. Never has this happened in all our years!” yelled a blonde haired woman named Solis. Her braided hair, curled to her sides, shown bright with the newly surfaced sunlight.
“There you are true, my dear Solis, this has been too long. Days have passed since this man has promised the head of the king. Solis, couldn’t this man have killed the king himself?” asked Galaxia, the bangs of her short purple hair hanging down her frowned forehead.
“Galaxia, you are still in the dark times. There is nothing to fear. There is no evil afterall…” attempted to state Solis to her nearby friend. The two giggled at the abstruse remark.
“As many of you know,” stated Furtim in his velvet attire, “The king has so unfortunately fallen. As for your concern, I have ordered my men to retrieve the body. As you may have known, the king died during his journey to a foreign land. I have sent others to retrace his steps, it will take far more time than anticipated.”
“You said the queen was dead; retrieve her body and we won’t think twice in believing,” yelled Hilga, cupping both her hands in an attempt to make her voice louder than it already was. Her chubby neck throttled with the loud voice she produced. Her red dress wrapped around her plump body, seemingly vile in appearance.
“She has been buried beneath the undergrowth in the hills. She was ashamed of having you know,” stated Furtim, lowering his head with an imposter of sadness. Knowing the inhabitants would not see the facial features of his face, he smiled with no regret. His heart was heartless.
Splenda crossed her arms before replying, “In Agros Plumberries? In the fields of the plumberries? I do not care of her so called ashamedness.” Her eyes glared at Fortis, her face showing no sign of weakness as she narrowed her eyes.
Fortis lifted up his head slowly in attempt to show his sadness. “Her pregnancy has caused her death. Go to the fields if you wish to unbury her. You know as well as I do that waking the dead is not approved. Do as you must.”
Splenda looked down, highly embarrassed. People surrounding her lifted their eyebrows in disapproval, yet knowing what she said was logical. Hilga took her stance, posing her right leg a few inches in front of her left. She positioned her weight to her right side as she spoke, “Do not ridicule us for what we say! We have not heard of Sapientem or the other kings for that matter!”
Furtim quickly despised Hilga but did not want to draw more attention to himself than he already had. “That is because nothing drastic has happened, my lady. The other lands are quite distant from us as you already know. Please keep the peace in the land.”
Furtim moved towards the doorway, his black cape slowly flying around him before dropping along his sculpted back. “The true king will find you, brother of Fortis!” shrieked Hilga in despair, finally noting the truth of the strange man before her. The people around Hilga looked at her strangely as she pierced her lips in frustration. Fortis continued walking at a distance, not turning around to argue with the woman he despised.
“Aliquid de Sapientem Do something about Sapientem,” stated Callidus as it glared at the false king from the small fig tree by the balcony.
“Quod oportet. Tenebris ones surget honorare Malum. Sapientem erit certe abiit per ergo That I must. The dark ones shall rise to honor Malum. Sapientem will surely be gone by then,” answered Fortis as he walked past the fig tree. The serpent moved along his body, tightening its grip on his arm.
“Ut non! Sapientem est clavem ad impleret prophetia That you will not! Sapientem is the key to fulfilling the prophecy,” slithered the deadly serpent, its scales gleaming with a profound godliness.
“Unum est quod animam illius serva. Tenebris ones erit vincere regimen That is the only thing that will spare his life. The dark ones will conquer his regime!” yelled Furtim, his saliva intensifying in his throat as he slammed his fist on the nearby desk.



Chapter 12

Within the Castle Soaked in Blood


Silent shadows raced across the forestry as two became one. There were no shadows racing ahead or behind them. There had not been for an awfully long time. Sicarius and Magni were far behind, it seemed. Still, the king continued pushing Invicta to carry on.
“Look back and you will have lost everything!” yelled the king before Invicta. Invicta wrapped his arms around a thin silver tree, looking down the hill on which he climbed. Small patches of silvery grass spread across the terrestrial environment. Not so much as a pebble dropping was heard. While it could be said to have felt peaceful, it was the contrary, for darkness wrapped around ever blade of grass, every branch, and every soul—it was the heart of the discomforting land.
“You have lost no one I tell you! Not all of us are as fortunate as you!” Invicta screamed before the king, the muscles forming around his face pulsing with blood. His brown hair stuck to his forehead while a small amount of sweat provided a gleam to his face.
The king stood before Invicta, dropping his sword to the ground. He pushed his companion with rage, slamming his armory until kicking Invicta across the slanted ground. Invicta fell a few feet away, only looking up at the dark branches above. “Do not tell me what I have not lost! I have lost many sons and daughters. I would do much to trade positions with you. Listen to me! Your brother will be fine, Sicarius does not usually fail,” stated the king rather brusquely.
Invicta continued watching above, petrified in his position until he closed his eyes in trauma. Tightening, he refused to let the tears roll down his cheeks. Opening them, his eyes reddened before he rose to his standing position before the king. “Forgive me,” were his only words.
The king walked back to retrieve his blade, nodding in approval. He did not say anything, for his breathing became much harsher than usual. Grabbing his blade, he reattached it to the thin armory, hiding it behind his white cloak. He continued walking past Invicta who only slightly glared at him as he past. The king’s white cloak seemed the only life in the deathly hallows.
The men had walked a couple of miles it seemed, partially a whole day. They did not eat or drink, for their bodies were able to contain the energy from their previous meal. There were no trees of fruit in the land of death, nor was there life. But the king and his partner continued inward, not knowing what lied over the treacherous hill. With each step, their heart would race, pleading them to stand against a trunk. The trunks that stood up tall acted in a deceitful way with their long thorns that grew at the oddest of places.
The only noise between the two and what lied in the remote distance was pure darkness and the eerie noise beneath their footsteps. Each footstep contributed to an awful sound, as if decayed filthy bones were being crushed. As they neared the surface, they overlooked the distance. The remote land did not look the least pleasing, for more forestry bordered a horrid castle in the middle. Large bats, it seemed like, flew across the dark open sky, letting out agonizing screams of death.
The only light around the dark castle was the mysterious brightness protruding from the surface of a small stream, much like the one the king and Invicta had recently crossed. Invicta sighed with a renewed distress, letting out a deep breath of air. “We’ll get through this. Afterall, Malum is only a memory in this land,” reassured the king while giving a blow to Invicta’s right arm. The king continued to scan around, knowing it would be his only chance. Small patches of orange and red spread across the outskirts—the heated juice of lava glistened with life. In the distance, beyond the forestry, the open landscape, and the mountains, was a small horizon of purple that stretched beyond the eye’s reach. But it was there nonetheless, the only hope for salvation.
Invicta looked back at the king, his brunette hair slowly swaying across his face. “It is time,” stated Fortis. Invicta nodded in approval, knowing they needed to reach the castle to find portals and await Sicarius and Magni. Sicarius would be unable to teleport herself from the clutches of the sirens. They walked steadily down the hillside, nearing the castle’s open doorway. Using a silver axe he had brought with him, the king sliced through the small branches that had overgrown to cover the narrow path leading to death. The blade on the axe became a light purple in color, the brightness overwhelming the soft purple illumination as pieces of wood flew across the king’s mighty face.
“I forgot about your mighty axe. Never needs a sharpening?” stated Invicta as he shook his head, smiling slightly.
The king looked back at his companion. While there was darkness and evil amidst, the two continued their talk as if none of it were occurring. “Indeed. When I was much younger my father gave it into my hands. It has served quite well, able to slice almost all in its path,” answered the king rather modestly.
Not able to slow their pace for the downwards slope, the king and Invicta swiftly ran down the hill and into the mouth of the skull. A small pond of rich lava stood at the side—only a glimpse of what was before them. Invicta walked childishly toward the gleaming substance, slowly implanting his sword in the thick liquid. The juice sprang up, inching forward toward the hands that held the elemental weapon. Quickly, Invicta lifted his sword, causing drops of gleaming gold to rise into the air. He ran towards the walking king, only stopping to clean his sword on the small patches of black grass. The king only grimaced, knowing what had happened.
“Curiosity can end your life,” smirked the king, glaring at Invicta’s awestruck face.
“Curiosity can also save it,” replied Invicta, forming a small smile of dominance.
The king only narrowed his eyes, not stating any more than the evitable. He only looked up at the figure producing a gigantic shadow in the already darkened land—the castle of Malum. The castle was much like the ones in which witches, vampires, and ghosts dwell in. Magnificent to every piece of silvery wood, the castle stood tall and bold. Stretched up, the towers rose high, having a rounded pyramid for a defined roof. While it seemed the building would be magnificent to live in, it was quite eroding as well. Dark spots bordered the wood, pieces of black glass spread across the exterior with only broken shutters lying astray. In the distance, bats slowly flew their way into the small opening that made the decomposition of the roofs. Quite mysteriously, a purple glow occurred in one of the rooms above—something the king had not expected.
The king pointed up toward the room, Invicta following the king’s gaze. “What is it? Can it be a portal?” questioned Invicta, frowning.
“That it may. But for there to be a portal in use, someone has to have used it,” asserted the king as he walked towards the closed doorway.
Invicta continued staring until the purple light slowly disappeared. Noticing the king distancing himself towards the doorway, Invicta quickly ran towards him. He put his arm around the king’s neck, pulling Fortis away. “Don’t you see someone is lurking above?” questioned Invicta while the king struggled to go forward. Knowing the king would only dominate him, Invicta relaxed his muscles to allow the king to continue his pace.
“I believe my brother is attempting to have Malum return,” the king stated, walking angrily towards the large black doors with engravings of serpents entrenched in fire. Lifting up his hands to pull back his white sleeves, the king pushed back the black doors until they slammed strongly against the interior walls. The king was in for a surprise; he pursued revenge.
Pushing his body against the wall, he motioned Invicta to do the same on the opposite side. The king scanned the room, frowning at any odd shadow that moved. Dirty curtains bordered the broken windows, fluttering violently with the odd wind. Two open stairways met at the top by which a statue of Malum rose high and still. The open room contained several black pillars holding up the magnificently engraved ceiling. While the place was filthy, dirt sprawled in every place the eyes could see, one could assume the castle to be much more magnificent than what shown before him or her.
Still, the king looked at his surroundings, not trusting his senses. Believing the only alternative was to climb the stairway, he slowly stepped onto the first step. Invicta stared as Fortis laid his foot upon the second step, watching as the stair creaked before having the foot sink into the decomposed wood. Shrieking silently, the king looked behind in annoyance, only to be received with a silent laugh.
Slowly the king walked up the right staircase, careful not to step on a decomposed piece once more. Abnormally large cobwebs stretched far against the ample walls, especially in the corners where overly large tunnels of death lied. Still the king proceeded, scanning the large hallway. He knew the room lied on the right side. Slowly he retrieved his sword, laying it a few feet ahead of his frowning face. Each step closer made the king’s heart race, causing blood to flow around his muscular body. Standing against the wall that formed the outskirts of the room, the king looked at a cracked mirror on the opposite wall. The mirror, being as dusty as the castle itself, reflected a dark shadow moving towards the doorway of the room.
The king heard deep sighs, as the figure slowly stumbled, as if drugged by a plant’s venom. As he neared, the king stood his stance, blocking the doorway. Quickly he drew her left arm around the figure before posing his spade in a threatening manner against the figurine’s frightened face. The figure let out a shrill scream.
“Did you kill him yet?” asked Invicta sarcastically, knowing that the king was beyond capable of forming such an awful sound.
“Not at all,” answered the king as he stared at the eyes of the figure before him.
“Well if that wasn’t his dying scream, I wonder how horrible his yells of death would be. I’m coming up,” stated Invicta as he quickly stepped onto the right staircase, noticing the awfully large snake skins that bordered the steps. He frowned, slightly perplexed, but continued onward nonetheless.
Nearing the room, Invicta looked ahead, noticing the velvet carpets that destined the long hallway. He noticed rusty spiraled staircases leading to the rooms above. It was difficult to imagine how the castle had looked in its earlier days. Still, Invicta strolled to the room in which the king held his prey. Knowing the man was not Furtim, Invicta let out a long sigh, for he did not have the energy nor the will to see blood sprawled across the dirty floor.
“Let him go, my king. He is no threat, for he is a leader in your army,” stated Invicta as he crossed his arms before he rested his back on the dusty walls. The man let out three gasps of air, for the sword nearly prevented his breathing as he fell to the ground in a kneeling position in front of his king.
“I know. What have you to be doing up here?” questioned the king deliberately. The king thought it odd that one of his men would wander from his known land, especially to the land of Malum. The man continued coughing as he positioned his hands on the ground. Thick green mucus shot from the man’s mouth and onto the ground. The light green mucus quickly demolished the sand surrounding it, bubbling with a sudden rage.
“At least we found a way to cleanse the floors,” smirked Invicta. Fortis did not let out any sign of laughter as he continued frowning upon the man in an act of hatred.
Lifting up his hand, the strange man motioned to speak before he rose to the king’s height. The thin grey cape that attached to the man’s lean back moved violently behind him. “If I may so speak, it was not my intention to find you so easily. I deserve your acts of hatred towards me, for I had betrayed you without your knowing,” stated the man before bowing down at the king in disgrace.
Fortis positioned his right fist under his neck in sudden thought, analyzing the situation in his own standards. “I know my brother to be ruthless, this is the only reason why you may find favor in my eyes,” answered the king, his eyes not enraged as before. The king had much to question and the man had much to say.
“I am Proditor, your servant,” answered the man humbly as he lifted his head without showing any signs of expression. Proditor looked at where the king’s vision had drifted, knowing what he searched for. “The portals?”
The three of them moved most of the clutter beneath the stairway, providing an open area in which to relax upon. Noticing there was no fireplace downstairs, the king used the remote pieces of worthless wood to compose a pile in which the fire would so cunningly rest upon. Moving both his hands against each other, the king blew against them to provide a gleaming blue flame. The flame was not merely magic; it was an anatomical feature the inhabitants of the land had conceived in the past history. The three lay on the ground, not feeling the need to cleanse the sand off the worthless seats that stood clumsily in the rooms primed with gold.
Noticing Fortis’s and Invicta’s sudden glare, Proditor took a sip from a mysterious dark purple bottle before explaining the chapter they had missed. He told of the king’s brother taking over the lands and how he was able to even dismiss the hope the sky had provided through the years with a tint of dark ink. “He went into the Vines of Fatum, finding an odd mixture to create morlutums. This is not all he found, for he found a two-headed serpent by which he has befriended.”
“Was the serpent golden?” questioned the king in mystery.
“Before it exposed its mighty fangs at me, I did notice a slight golden tone to its scales. Furtim believes I am dead. He has sent the morlutums to bring your head to the inhabitants,” answered Proditor as he set the bottle to his side, “Luckily the vines provided me with an antidote to heal me of the serpent’s bite. If it were not so, there would be no one to warn my majesty.”
The king asserted, laying his hand atop the hilt of his sword. “What has become of my queen and daughters?”
“That I cannot say,” stated Proditor sadly as he moved his head downward, not wanting to see into the eyes of his king, “He said she was dead.”
Fortis looked upon the ground as well, “That is what he believes. She is incapable of death.”
Proditor did not understand the king’s words, believing it was an act of in denial. Changing the subject that caused a strong silence, Proditor explained the portals. “Furtim knows of the portals, but is unready to go through them. He has disguised them as objects in your castle. Knowing he was in a far room, I gave the slightest touch to a golden goblet, sinking myself into the cup and reappearing where I stand.”
The king frowned, not understanding how the portals have existed through time. “The portals, were they not destroyed?” asked the king. He had pondered on the ideas, not knowing for certain if a few were spared.
“There are still many secrets the land holds. The portals are one of them,” stated Proditor, “Furtim plans to raise Malum to power and he will achieve it, that I am sure.”
The king asserted, “The forestry prolongs our desires. We are closer than we think. Will the portal not work?”
“Only if there is another in the room. There are entrances and exit portals of course.You can only go through one portal and appear on the other side, not the other way around. Furtim contains the primary portals, missing only one.”
Suddenly there were wails in the air. They were not screams from the odd black bats that flew across the greyish sky. They were not yells of victory or even sadness. They were wails of gnashing of teeth, petrifying the king in his position as he analyzed the situation.
“The morlutums are here, my king. You are the only one they seek,” stated Proditor as he stared at the door in front.
The king stood up, moving towards the giant doors. He did not want to be protected, for he too had a spade to attack the monsters. Feeling the dirty texture on the sides of both doors, Fortis observed the outskirts. One of the monsters appeared greener than the clouds of dust behind it. Soon the other morlutums began to form, clambering down the small hill viciously to their prey. As the beasts’ jaws opened, large thick canines bordered the lower lip made of pure mud. A thick cluster of saliva failed to stay in the mouths of the beasts as it raced outwards, flying into the wind around.
The king quickly closed the doors, lifting up a sturdy piece of wood to slide into the circular handles of the door. Looking above, the king saw a large chandelier, as dusty as it was. The small red crystals that bordered the chandelier dimly gleamed before a bundle of thin sticks flew atop of them. Knowing what the king had in mind, Proditor picked up larger pieces of wood, throwing it in the air in such a way that it would land neatly above the rest. “Light the sticks!” commanded the king before looking into the small crack in the door. The creatures were nowhere to be seen. Yet the coarse breathing of the creatures could not be ignored. Faster they became! Louder they became! Until it could be said they were next to the king and his trustees.
Unexpectedly, a mouth gaped before the king’s vibrant eyes in an attempt to knock the king from the door. The eyes of the creatures shown malevolently, eyes that had rarely been seen in any individual—the eyes of death. The claws of the creatures scraped against the door, causing a sharp sound to form as the doors eased to exist. “Run up, we shall split up!” ordered Fortis.
“Is that a wise decision?” questioned Invicta with a stern expression.
“It is a decision I have made. Do as I command. They will be in search of me. If they should kill me, grab the sack I find so dear,” yelled the king once again.
The creatures, exasperated, reached their sharp crusty nails into the cracks of the door, breaking it apart in once swift movement of the fingers. Standing in front of the doorway, the shrill beasts scanned the room, not noting the fire that had been so carefully made up above. Aiming at the chandelier, the king took only three movements of his hand to throw the axe towards the jeweled arrangement. There were no chains that leveled the chandelier in its place, for it floated in midair. But the power was far weaker than the weapon that slammed obnoxiously into its heart. The axe’s purple light returned swiftly towards the king as Fortis’s hand reached out for the handle. The creatures looked above, only then realizing the foolishness of their duty. The chandelier did not stop for the creatures to surpass the blow, however. The blue fire seeped out from within the logs, flying into a more suitable environment for fire—the beasts’ flesh.
But still the creatures did not die. The fire merely prolonged the death of the king and his followers as they raced across the hall towards the different rooms composing the degrading castle. The fire had only agitated the creatures further, causing them to rub their meaningless eyes in fury as they climbed the sides of the walls with ease. They pushed off the stone walls towards the opposite walls, climbing ever so cunningly towards their enemies, they too spreading out. The creatures looked much like skeletons, except for the dirt and weeds that made up the despised creatures of doom.
Proditor raced into the room by which contained a staircase leading downstairs, his legs making their way towards salvation. The room was quite dark, only a small flame of light springing out of the palm of Proditor’s hand. Cupping his hands, Proditor slowly moved around the room, noticing spider webs stretched out at the corners. The web’s lining was thick like a whip and viscous like the sap from a mulberry. Proditor gently touched the mucus underlining the web’s lining, causing the web to quiver ever so slightly. He looked around himself, searching for the makers of such an art piece.
The only objects he saw were black spheres that bordered the walls on long silver stands. Frowning, Proditor looked upon the spheres, his silent stare causing it to bear light. “Oh my, what have I done!” yelled Proditor to himself, his frown of confusion transforming into a frown of horror. Still, Proditor moved closer towards the sphere, knowing they contained the history of what was and what might become. He noticed a man with vibrant green eyes like himself standing in a wide room with soldiers gathering around. The man had a mask terrifying in form. His eyes narrowed as he walked up towards a small man to the side of him. Lifting up his red sword, Malum sunk his blade into the man’s body. Proditor let out a deep gasp, not noticing his hands were already around the strange sphere. Looking at his own body, he stared in fear as golden blood spilled from his head.
Proditor quickly let go of the sphere, causing it to fall violently onto the ground. The sphere did not fall. It did not break. It did not let out even the softest of a noise. Instead, the spehere’s knowledge broke out of black figure, causing Proditor to grasp his head in sudden pain. His eyes began sinking into his bold head while he moved his fingers vigorously along the surface of his skull. Hair began dropping from his head, flakes of skin falling silently on the ground as he began to scrape his own body.
But one of the creatures had already appeared in the room. It smelled the man while the man did not notice them. He was busy digging his nails into his skull in an attempt to take out his brain without his knowledge. He turned slightly towards the creature as fresh golden blood overfilled the creature’s snout. It raced through the floor in anticipation, for the blood dripped carefully onto the dark ground. Pushing the man aside, the brown monster made of primarily mud knelt down to take his feed. Proditor lied a few feet from the distracted beast, seemingly unconscious as his head spilled the sweet golden juice.
The king raced through the long passageway, making several turns before reaching a golden staircase, as rusty as it seemed to be. Stepping ever so slightly, as to not force the monsters to pursue him, the king approached the second floor of the castle. Old paintings lined the interior walls, many of which moved, having been painted entirely with magic. Most of the faces were of Malum lifting up heads of torture, or slicing through the hearts of his enemies. The king frowned, scarcely seeing the paintings as he raced forward, his white cloak lightly flapping behind him. The picture frames filled with blood as the red droplets did not fail to smear against the pale walls. It was an odd sight, one that filled a soul with death.
The faces stared at the king as if knowing and hoping for his death. Only a shadow lurked behind him. The king looked to his side, able to see the moving body that approached him. It was not a beast; it was muscular man, one with blue armory. The king turned fully around, knowing who the strange man that approached him was. His eyes were not the same, nor was his face, for he had been bitten.
“Where are the others?” demanded the king without comforting the suffering individual before him.
“Why do you ask so suddenly? They were only sirens I tell you! I have pondered on this for a while. While I killed some, I feel that sirens contain the full power,” stated Magni with a strange course voice that caused the king’s blood to boil.
Frowning angrily, the king turned away from Magni, proceeding towards the hallway. The monsters were nowhere to be found. Or was it the king the one to be found? Still the king took each step with anger as he strode through the faded red carpet. “What have you become?” The king took only one glance at Magni, seeing the sharply exposed teeth. Thin as they were, they were sharp as any needle, able to easily strip the skin that surfaced the muscle of any inhabitant.
At the corner of his eye, however, the king also saw a struggling Magni, as if two powers fought over his body. Magni stumbled unexpectedly, his face showing deep suffering. Frowning, Magni’s expression seemed one of disgust. “He..help me,” he whispered as he fell onto the ground. His teeth that were once sharp and thin, transformed into the teeth of a vampire. His eyes shown irritated as they lay awake on the sleeping body.
The king tightened his eyes in exasperation and dread. He knew the man was struggling. Sicarius must have bitten him as a last resort to save him, the king had thought. His heart would need to be withdrawn from his body.
The king held the body to his side, lightly dragging Magni onto a small velvet bed rest along the side of the hallway. Violently dusting the small bed, the king created a cloud of profound dust that surrounded the open hallway. Light from the broken windows allowed a dark grey light to ease its way into the room. “Rest, Magni,” the king whispered into Magni’s ear before Magni’s widened eyes exposed the vibrant blue gems.
Magni swiftly lifted up his head to the king’s height, screaming with great might until he slowly returned to his resting position. The king, slightly bewildered by the event, looked towards the slobber that dropped from above. He wiped the sap from his shoulders, bringing his hand to his face. Quickly, he looked above in time to see the figure relax its grasp on the ceiling and drop to the ground. Bringing his sword upwards, the king easily protruded the blade into the chest of the beast and out of the back where its spikes were attached.
The beast did not let out either a yell or a movement of pain. Stretching its neck from its right side to its left side, the monster strongly pushed its body from the sword’s grasp. The creature looked before the king. Being slightly taller than Fortis, the beast took a dominating stance. The body seemed similar to any inhabitant’s in the land except for the odd texture around its body and the dreadful head that stared eerily to the king’s soul. It was a living skull, only covered with the green slime of death.
The creature dug into its flesh, exposing a scythe. Slowly, the scythe grew, standing a few inches above the monster that held it. The king continued striking his sword against the creature, the weeds and dirt quickly filling the gaps that had been tampered with. With each injury the king attempted to make, the layers of deathly greenery made itself far thicker than the previous time. The beast stood still and tall, as if wanting to be hit, for it grew more powerful than before. Finally, the scythe withdrew its steady stance, being used to swipe the king’s head.
“Oh my! My king!” yelled Magni as he dreamily stared as the king’s head rolled away from his view. The king’s body appeared headless as it knelt before the beast. Quickly, Magni ran forward, tearing as he stumbled against the walls. He climbed downstairs, opening the clear doors alongside the golden staircase. His expression was one of horror and dread as he walked away from the happening and into the profound darkness that consumed the shadow lurking down the hill to the side.
The shadow, stout, yet strong, raced across the terrestrial environment on all fours. Its spotted body, camouflaging with the greyish surroundings, stepped lightly against the powdery surface, careful not to fall into the lava at its sides. A deep breathing was heard as the beast briskly ran towards Magni. Magni stared at the distance, his vision temporarily blurred. All he felt was an arm grab his body; he disappeared.
Invicta had hid inside a dark room, his body consumed by the darkness on one half of the interior. He watched with stealthy eyes as one of the creatures walked along the outskirts of the room. It quickly peered inside, only seeing the tattered sheets sway with the strong breeze. Invicta looked at the creature with disgust as it continued moving towards the stairs.
Invicta, feeling that the creature had left his presence, walked along the darkest side of the wall. He carefully went down the stairs, careful not to touch the rusty railings that creaked with the slightest movement. However, as he stepped onto the dim floor, he noticed the creature was following his path, only above. He ran with great might, his face becoming golden as he stepped underneath the immense stairway. Standing in front of a black pillar, Invicta faced the direction in which he came from. He stood with his right arm extended, containing his prime weapon. He knew the beast was beneath the shadows. It was only teasing him.
The shadow to his left side jumped towards him. Invicta was far quicker than the beast thought. The blade easily sunk into the thin flesh of the morlutum. Much like the king, Invicta realized the beast was undefeatable. The beast pushed onto Invicta’s muscular body, causing him to crash onto a black pillar. As Invicta slid down, the beast grabbed him by the neck, lifting him up above. The man formed of mud spoke. A rather large beetle moved out of the beast’s body, crawling slightly towards the right dark eye. The beetle, a pure black, contained a long horn with a sharp point. It dug into the eye of the creature, inching forward and ultimately disappearing where it had once been.
Invicta did not understand the language the creature spoke in. It was one of anger, Invicta was certain of. The throat of the monster throbbed with rage as greenish saliva spat from the sides of its mouth. Invicta kicked the beast with his legs, causing the morlutum to hit the pillar in front. Quickly, Invicta ran forward towards the greenery before him. The foliage consumed the exterior part of the castle where lava was incapable of overpowering. Invicta stood before the clear door, not quite ready to dive into the overly large plants in the outdoors—it was much different from the plants in the land he used to know. However, seeing the reflection of the beast coming towards him, Invicta knew it was his only hope. Still he stood, lowering himself towards the ground just in time for the beast to somersault in the air and break the glass before him.
Invicta grabbed his sword that had been thrown to his side. He gave only one slash of his spade, hardly cutting off the beast’s head before leaping over it. The small weeds that grew beneath the beast’s feet wrapped around Invicta’s ankles in an attempt of slowing him down. Still he proceeded, tugging hard to rid of the plant’s mighty grasp.
Proditor opened his eyes, seeing a puddle of golden blood before him. He did not feel any pain, for he knew what pain was. The knowledge that had already been trapped inside his head caused him to have a blurred vision. He couldn’t think. He couldn’t see. All he could do was hear the monster to his side eating at his blood. Staggering, Proditor slowly made his way towards the light—the entrance of the room. He held his head with calamity in an attempt to ease the running of the golden substance. The creature did not move, its eyes only glaring at its odd reward.
Magni’s head raced close to the ground as the hooded inhabitant placed a familiar blade against his neck. “Does this look familiar?” stated the hooded figure. Only a slight tone of paleness was exposed from beneath the hood as the stranger talked.
“Of course. It’s not the first time I’ve been in this situation,” answered Magni sarcastically, “Except I’ve never had my head almost scrape the ground.” Magni looked ahead, seeing a medium sized boulder to his side as his head nearly touched the grains of sand below the racing beast.
“Well there is a first time for everything is there not? Just today actually, I’ve been stoned. Yet here I am,” stated the figure, pulling back the hood that had camouflaged her face with the light darkness. It was Sicarius. Magni stared onto her eyes, already knowing it to be her. The boulder only inches away, caused Magni’s face to drown with perspiration as he continued staring at it. He wondered if Sicarius would do such a thing. He had stoned her and now she seeked revenge with a stone. Still, she glared at him with deep anger. She did not see the boulder, only the reflection of fear from Magni’s blue eyes. She lifted him up violently, in time for the small boulder to race past. It only avoided Magni by a few inches. Sicarius lifted her hand up, “Stop!” she yelled as her grip tightened.
The beast on which she laid upon came to a halt. Sicarius, smiling wickedly herself, released her grip on Magni’s neck. She watched patiently as he soared through the air until landing into the long flimsy stems making up the back of the castle.
Sicarius stepped off of the giant beast. The beast stood still, only watching as Sicarius briskly walked towards Magni’s limp body. She lifted him up into the air as Magni’s neck refused to stand stiff—he was unconscious. Taking her dagger, she spun it between her fingers in deep thought. Before using her dagger, she opened Magni’s eyelids, seeing the vibrancy they contained. She nodded, “Come here. Why do you continue staring?”
Glacies walked from the shadows, her eyes as vibrant as Magni’s. She moved her fingers between two small holes on her neck, only glaring at the bluish blood. The blood was no longer as blue, for it slowly began to take the appearance of a silver substance.
Sicarius looked up, “Steady his body.”
Glacies frowned, “Do I have to help you in everything?” Sicarius did not reply. She merely motioned towards the stiff arms of Magni.
Glacies knelt down, her teal dress causing a steady glow on the ground. She grabbed Magni’s limp arms, holding them forcefully downwards. “You know, he’s not even awake.”
“Do what I say,” stated Sicarius as she rubbed her own scarred arm. A deep purple scar ran from her shoulder to the beginning of her hand. The crevice was rather deep as a small amount of purple puss radiated out from time to time. Still, it had a metallic appeal to it, something that seemed quite fascinating in a warrior.
Sicarius retrieved the weapon she had laid. Silently, she lifted it up, causing the blue light to move throughout the odd weapon. She positioned her dagger so the sharp point faced Magni’s chest. Lifting up her other blade in a similar manner, Sicarius lowered both of them towards the heart that lay beating violently. Sicarius licked her lips in frustration, cutting a medium-sized cut downwards to the source of life. She threw both her daggers downwards, causing them to sink into the grey ground as she slowly reached into Magni’s body. She lightly squeezed, tightening her face in pain for she knew what would come after. Magni’s body throbbed—it began moving violently from side to side involuntarily.
“Get a good grip, will you!?” screamed Sicarius at a timid Glacies.
“It’s easier getting the bloody heart!” yelled Glacies back. She peered as Sicarius formed her hands along the pumping heart, squeezing until getting a good grip. Sicarius quickly glanced at Glacies before pulling hard. A thin vein, stubborn as it was, created a tension. Magni moved more violently, forming gestures of deep pain while his eyes tightly closed. Sicarius swiftly pulled one of her blades out from beneath the ground, slashing only once to rid of the strong attachment. Magni’s eyes widened, the vibrant color showed the deep suffering before closing as his head fell to the ground.
“That’s not going to happen to me, is it?” questioned Glacies. Sicarius had bitten her as part of their agreement. Because of the bite, a bond was formed in which memories intertwined. Because of this, Glacies did not have to think twice before speaking the language Sicarius was more predominant in.
Breathing heavily, Sicarius’s mouth laid half ways open. She turned towards Glacies, smiling with pride. “You wanted to become part vampire, did you not?”
Glacies stared wide-eyed with deep regret. “You did not say any of this would happen! I feel fine. I have not heard of such a thing as vampires cutting their hearts out!” stated Glacies. She said her statement softly until her anger rose far more powerful than her words.
“You did not ask. It is vital I take out your heart, for if I don’t, you will become the monster the disease wants you to be,” answered Sicarius in a serious manner as she moved her hands in a circular position to create a small purple fire. She took her blade, causing it to shine as it was placed above the small flickering blazes. The purple flames wrapped around the blade, causing it to turn into a darker color until releasing a small amount of smoke.
“Why couldn’t I have taken out my own heart as a siren?” questioned the young girl in a desperate manner.
Sicarius did not lift up her head as she lowered the heated blade to Magni’s sculpted chest. His chest did not have the same appearance; silver blood smeared across the thick skin like waves in a steady stream. “Because you were born like that,” said Sicarius, “A disease cannot be ridden if it has been a part of you.” Sicarius knelt down before the girl, “It was not your fault.
Sicarius continued spreading her blade onto the man’s chest while having Glacies close the opening she had cut. Sicarius held the heart upwards in her left hand as her right hand worked the enflamed blade across the cut. Obediently, both sides of the cut bonded to end the flow of blood. Sicarius lowered her head, having her short pitch black hair hide her face. Lifting her head upwards, Sicarius had only a glint of a silver substance shine at the sides of her mouth. She turned towards a staring Glacies. Following her sight to Magni’s clean chest, Sicarius frowned. “You haven’t seen nothing yet!” Sicarius screamed. Glacies, bewildered, widened her stare as she saw the deep cut on Sicarius’s arm become leveled with the skin. No longer was there a deep groove, only the purple glaze that formed the scar.
Taking her blades out, Sicarius lifted them upwards as she stood up and walked towards the back doors of the palace. Sicarius brought the beating heart with her. Glacies, reluctant at first, bestowed her bow before walking slowly behind Sicarius. Sicarius looked behind her, smiling evilly, “Your time is coming rather soon I see.” The canines grew longer in the moist mouth of Sicarius. Glacies only looked upwards, her vision already blurring before she fell to the ground. Only a whistle was heard, the calling of the creature Sicarius had befriended.
Proditor staggered down the stairway, motioning his body towards the doorway leading towards the side of the castle. Before stepping towards the outdoors, one of the morlutums leapt from the wall to block the bleeding man from proceeding. “You!” yelled Proditor in a dominating stance, deliberately ignoring the drops of blood that trailed his face. The beast grabbed at Proditor, twisting his back towards the floor. Proditor landed on his arms in a corner where the walls met.
Proditor quickly rose up, bringing his sword in front of him. The edge of the sword contained a light metallic green color as it raced towards the creature’s head. Spinning once to gain velocity, Proditor sliced into the thick neck of the creature with ease. Smiling, Proditor walked out of the doorway, leaving the head besides the headless body to the right. The mud forming the head continued moving, bugs digging their way out. Promptly, the base of the skull grew long staggering claws, enabling the skull to reach the body with facility.
Proditor did not have time to notice the creature forming its body once again. He simply attempted to walk forward, not wanting to deal with the beast in his weak stance. His sword dragged behind him as he paced himself forward. The shadows before him did not look comforting as his hearing began to drift off and his brain began to fail him.
Sicarius quickly cut out the heart of the child with the same swiftness she had used on Magni’s throbbing object of life. The girl’s eyes laid awake, as if already dead. She was not dead, however, for the new disease enabled her to live without the heart’s steady beat. Taking out a silver bag from the side of the furry creature she had called upon, she brought out two chests. Tightening her eyes for a second time, she hoped she did not need to do the same act once more. The coolness of the blood along her teeth felt enchanting as she moved it throughout her mouth with her obedient tongue. She enjoyed the touch of blood, especially when fresh.
Staring in the distance, she smiled before whispering into one of the overly large and erect ears of the giant wolf. As if asserting, the beast leapt into the air, racing with swiftness towards the falling object ahead. Sicarius in the meantime moved towards Magni whom had already rose up to see a racing Sicarius. Magni grabbed a hold of Sicarius, causing her body to nearly fall onto the ground. Lifting her arm upwards, Magni stared into the eyes of a raging face. Nearly snickering, Magni moved his lips forward as a shadow approached.
Magni’s body was pushed forward into the air once again. The light bluish beast lifted its head in disapproval before a smiling Sicarius. Smearing the blood along her reflected armory, Sicarius turned towards the body that had willingly held onto the small metal saddle. “Proditor!” stated Sicarius viciously. It is not certain whether she said it in a threatening manner or whether she stated it with great power. Nevertheless, Sicarius bit her lip in almost deep regret, for it was a long lost cousin of hers.
Sicarius only stared at the body, not attending to the deep breathing or the blood that trailed along his head. She only lifted her blade, preventing a long sword from positioning against her neck in a threatening manner. “Your shadow gave you away,” glared Sicarius as she continued eyeing Proditor. Magni lowered his sword, unable to trick Sicarius. Finally, Sicarius stored the caskets containing the hearts into her metal bag. The beast, much like a wolf, carried the beating forms of life.
Promptly, Sicarius took out a purple leaf that vibrated with the slightest touch. Quickly, she laid it onto the head of Proditor as the blood soaked it profoundly. Still yet, the leaf began vibrating violently, causing the blood to transform into the skin it once was. Proditor gave a few coarse coughs, causing blood to drip from the edges of his mouth—the only remains of the cut that had once been. Sicarius frowned, studying the small scar left behind. She knew of the man’s immense knowledge, but kept silent as she walked away.
“There is much to do! Don’t you see those malevolent creatures jumping from one corner to the next? They seek the king, I presume…”
Magni cut Sicarius off before she could finish her sentence of rage. “The king is dead. It is all my fault. I awoke to the bloody head that rolled past me!” he shrieked with sudden depression.
Sicarius turned around, placing her pale hand on Magni’s shoulders while her eyes glowed a vibrant blue. “Do not believe what you once saw. It was merely a side effect of the disease.” She briskly turned around, running at a fast pace towards the building she had seen the king go into from afar. “I saw your brother in the midst of the weeds.” And she was gone, blending in with the interior darkness.
She scanned the room, noticing the rusty staircase at her side—the only object that seemed to gleam in the deathly hollows. Suddenly a screech of the floor was heard. Sicarius quickly turned to her side, positioning her vital daggers in front of her. She was not afraid; she was merely enjoying the suspense of killing as her fangs grew with the sudden thought. As she swiftly, but quietly, turned around on the wall, her cloak flew like a bat’s wing. She had found her primate. She eased forward, striking the small shadow. Silver blood dripped from her blade as she saw innocent eyes spread in horror.
The small weed that grew along his armory was the least of Invicta’s problems. The man itself made of weeds and dirt lurked for his soul. Quite strikingly, it appeared as if the long plants formed a maze, for nicely formed hedges with mighty thorns bordered the cluttered path in a peculiar way. While the path seemed to go onward in a straight position, the dark greenery would fool Invicta and turn the other way. Purple flowers with bright petals sprang in random areas, causing the ground to shake before the stem protruded outwards. A light stench of rotten meat flowed through the air, causing Invicta to cringe his nose in disgust.
Onward he went, until he heard a noise unlike any other. He was certain it would be the monster he had wished to disappear. In fact it was the beast he dreaded. The tall figure was held in a limp position in the darkness, bugs crawling in and out of the body as they pleased. Invicta smiled as he slowly walked toward his enemy in confusion. The dry leaves crushed smoothly under the surface of his metal feet—the only noise heard except for the nuisance the bugs’ wings produced. The mouth of the beast lay open, allowing a purple centipede to crawl out. It moved its antennas before crawling over the right side of the beast’s curled lip.
Invicta lowered his head, studying the death of the individual whom had not died with the slash of his weapon. The morlutum hadn’t even slightly transformed into the golden element Invicta’s sword was destined to accomplish. But the beast’s eyes only glared at Invicta as it began to expose its filed teeth. It began lifting its head in an attempt to escape from the clutches it was in. But the beast went nowhere.
Invicta merely smiled, not fully comprehending the situation. Quite promptly the body was lifted into the air; clumps of the weeds making up the monster fell to its destined residence—on the ground. Invicta stared in horror as the darkness that seemed to consume his enemy was in fact an enormous plant. Swiftly, the plant grew, its thin stem extending upward.
Making a shrieking noise, the plant’s flower opened its mouth to expose its set of sharp daggers. The flower head was approximately two feet in length and in the shape of a rounded cone. The different petals making up the exterior of the carnivorous flower contained green and red stripes racing down the smooth surface. The teeth were the most breathtaking, for they moved with such swiftness along the body.
Invicta ran backwards, knowing the flower that had saved him would also end his life. The plant did not think, it merely acted upon instincts. These instincts would not be the base of Invicta’s survival. The plant, noticing Invicta’s quick departure, threw the remains of the maddened beast into the air, having a small floret catch the fragments as the bud raced for another primate. Invicta looked towards his back, seeing the head of the flower easing forward around the several branches in its path. As a last resort, the plant elevated its roots, causing the ground to shake with small grains of thick sand.
“Ugh!” Invicta yelled under his breath as a large green root sprang from the surface in front of him. Without eyes guiding its path, the thick root knocked Invicta from his feet, causing the slightly blue color of metal to disappear into the nearby bushes. The dark purple bushes did not serve as a cushion, for sharp red stems protruded outward. A thick sap bubbled centrifugally and onto Invicta’s reflective armory as he struggled to come off the slimy surface. Still, he was stuck while the plant’s head became visible before him. “How long is that bloody stem?” he yelled with narrow eyes. There was no response as a swift movement of a sword cut the stems before Invicta.
The stems quickly squealed before lowering beneath the shorter stems of the bush. Invicta promptly rose to his feet to meet his savior. He stared into the glowing blue eyes, knowing that his brother was not whom he had once been.
“She bit you didn’t she?” Invicta questioned suddenly. He lowered his body as the carnivorous plant’s stem shot outwards towards him. Invicta quickly ran to the side while his younger brother followed him.
With deep breaths, Magni managed to speak, “Sicarius knew what was best for me.”
Invicta merely looked back with a frown of divine hatred. “She has transformed you into something you aren’t and still you find love for her! Don’t you see the beast she wants you to be? My own brother of blood has transformed into the beast he would have slain in his true mind!”
Magni looked behind, knowing the outstretched flower seeked their blood. It did not matter how far they ran, the plant’s stem seemed endless in the view of Magni. The pod shrieked with frustration, racing past the thick trees and other foliage in its path. The exposed teeth of the divine figure only caused Invicta and Magni to race at a higher speed away from what their fate would be if they stopped.
“Maybe I would have been dead if it weren’t her cause, even worst if I would have been an addition to the family of sirens. Trust me on this, dear brother,” answered Magni with a calm voice despite the situation.
“Run to your right side and stand behind the golden tree!” yelled Invicta without a response. Magni neared the golden object, quick to abide to his brother’s command. The tree provided a light glow to the surrounding, a light source of deep regret. The tree itself contained bare branches that dropped like claws before the grey floor. Still, small specks of seeds glowed around the steady tree, as if a part of it. The seeds floated in the air, moving steadily like the jelly fish in a human dominion. While the plant could not see, it sensed the light and the body within.
Invicta looked towards Magni before stating, “I will trust you this once.”
Magni lifted his right eyebrow, not expecting his brother to change his mind so quickly, for his heart was always hardened in deep stubbornness. They both glared at the screaming figure before them, hiding behind the trees for protection. The head of the plant lurked onward, slowly creeping to the sides of the trees. Its head was slightly visible on the sides as it steadily moved forward with mouth agape. A slight green mucous drained from the sides, as if the bud salivated for its primates’ blood. Invicta lifted up a clump of grass, having the grey dirt silently fall to the ground. Steadying his arm, he threw it forward. The clump of grass elevated, causing the plant to quickly shoot for the moving object. Magni sprang forward, turning his body in a swift movement to slash the beast at its throat.
Sicarius softly covered her opened mouth as she stared at the drips of silver blood that slowly dripped to the side of the slashed neck. Glacies widened her eyes all the more. Slowly, she changed her expression of deep wickedness as her smile widened with calamity. She pushed the small blade away from her view before walking in front of Sicarius. “You need to be a bit careful with that blade of yours,” she spoke. Her eyes glowed a bright aqua blue in the darkness. “I may be your only hope.”
Sicarius cringed her nose in thought, not understanding the girl’s wordings. She shook her head, not finding Glacies’s expression important. Glacies lifted her fingers, soothingly feeling the thin cut along her neck and left shoulder. Gingerly, she lifted her two upright fingers, sucking on the sweet liquid. “As you know, I am part of your kind as well.”
“Of course. You are immortal,” asserted Sicarius as she followed the shadow before her. They quickly stepped upon the creaking stairs until walking before the endless hallway. The red velvet carpet seemed rewarding if the green mucous did not drip from the ceiling above.
“How do you kill a vampire anyways?” questioned Glacies with an expression of deep thought. She moved the small droplet of blood between her upright fingers as she spoke.
“That is a secret for my kind,” answered Sicarius as she quickly walked ahead of Glacies, nearing the golden staircase.
“I am one of your kind!” yelled Glacies silently, her voice escalating with deep frustration.
“That you are. A vicious one at that,” stated Sicarius, ignoring the young girl’s list of questions. They walked forward until Sicarius stopped suddenly. She put her right hand back, forcing Glacies to end her steps to her side.
“What is it?” asked Glacies a bit annoyingly. But her question was already answered without even the wording from the mouth of Sicarius. The beast made of mud crept along the walls, lowering downwards like a spider. A thick green drool escaped from the opened mouth. The deathly eyes seemed slightly aglow with roots bordering the edges. Sicarius and Glacies looked upon each other’s eyes in deep thought until acting upon impulse.
Briskly, Sicarius ran towards the raging beast, jumping into the air and landing on top of the staggering primate. Glacies, quick with her bow, let out a stream of small blue arrows into the open mouth. The arrows left several holes on the inside of the thick neck. Letting out a course scream, the beast moved its neck with anxiety. Sicarius did not ease her grasp on the monster, however. She dug into the flesh with ease, her daggers hastily digging into the slimy back until forming a large hole.
Sicarius dug both blades into the back before using her hands to push the sides even more. Slowly the hole grew wider, protruding along the spikes; but the weeds continued binding themselves with a renewed thickness. Suddenly a plethora of small objects crept out of the open back, creeping along Sicarius’s arm with swiftness. “Spiders!” shrieked Sicairus with annoyance as she eyed them with benign hatred.
The beast continued to moved, struggling to evade its grasp from its enemy. The insects of multiple dark colors continued racing onto the body before them. Creeping upwards, the beetles dug themselves into the pale flesh, causing small dots of silver blood to escape the assassin’s mighty body where armory was evident. As a beetle crept along her face, Sicarius bit into the crunchy food source, quickly spitting it out with disgust. Noticing the hole she made was slowly binding into what it had once been, intact, Sicarius moved her hands in a circular manner before digging her arm into the narrow pit.
She smiled with brutality as she submitted to the monster’s wishes. She leapt off the back, watching as the monster’s back fused together—a mistake worth noting. The monster staggered towards the two women. Glacies looked upon Sicarius with dismay, quickly reassured by Sicarius's expression of dominance. Only a foot away from its prey, the morlutum opened its mouth in deep horror as its body began to be consumed by the blue fire Sicarius had carefully formulated.
A bright blue flame flickered in the beast’s eyes before it consumed the skull and ultimately the body. Slowly and painfully, the abnormal creature became a dry pile of weeds no longer able to stand. Only a flame flickered on top of the pile which was quickly blown away by Sicarius.
Sicarius looked at her long nails, smiling with malevolence. Turning towards her back, Sicarius made sure Glacies followed behind. She saw the king race across the backside of the castle, one of the beasts chasing him from behind. Pushing the back doors open, she turned to the opposite side to let out a high pitched whistle only she was able to formulate. Quickly, the wolf beast she had befriended raced across the terrestrial environment in search of Sicarius. Stopping abruptly before her, it licked its lips in obedience. Sicarius quickly slashed the bindings by which enabled Proditor to be attached to the back. She rose to the beast’s ear, whispering quickly, for time was scarce.
The creature rose up, jumping into the air towards the moving creature of mud. Letting out a loud growl, the beast of fur caused the morlutum to turn briskly around. The stare was not convincing, for the morlutum seemed to smile with malevolence as it continued chasing the tired king. The white cloak was already beginning to fall down, not floating in the air as before. The legs of fur raced along the grey dirt, causing small grains to fly from the sides like droplets of water. Leaping upwards again, the beast cast a rather long shadow on the creature of mud. Fortis looked to his side, noting there was hope for survival. He stopped suddenly, knowing the lava would lead him to his death.
Glacies did what she knew best, throwing the sharp arrows from a great length. Each arrow struck the monster at its abdomen, causing it to stagger behind the running king. The flesh of the beast quickly broke the pieces of metal, binding itself far more for protection. With the second round of arrows, only half of them were able to penetrate the hardened body
Holding his axe, the king threw it to the malevolent monster of mud. The axe raced into the dark air, causing a purple light to shine before partly cutting the neck of the strange beast. Noticing the morlutum was weaker than before, the creature of fur leapt once again, catching the live dirt in its mouth. The monster struggled, pushing its arms against the huge jaws that kept close around its waist. Moving its head with rapidness, the creature similar to that of a wolf threw the limp body into the stream of floating lava. The weeds and dirt composing the monster were quickly degraded. The beast was nothing more than what it had been—dead dirt.



Chapter 13

Death within Death


Sicarius smiled from afar, jumping down the stairs leading to the bland ground. There was much to do, for Magni and Invicta were in their own struggle. She motioned for the king to follow, not waiting for him as she walked towards Proditor’s energized body. He no longer was seen as confused. He only occasionally felt his swollen head, for it throbbed with fresh blood. Sicarius did not wait for him either as she walked right past without even a glare from her vibrant blue eyes. Glacies, on the other hand, only slightly looked at the bold man to her side. Proditor continued staring, not wanting to walk with the small group.
Invicta and Magni knew their elemental twin swords had failed them several times in their odd journey. They merely expected it to fail again and what was expected merely happened. For one thing, the plant’s stem did not fully harden around the fibers it was composed of, it only provided it with a coating of metal—a layer of armory. Invicta stared at Magni with anger; his face turned a slight red as he formed a concentrated frown.
The plant lifted its head upwards, hardly able to be seen from the ground. Plunging downwards, the flower formed into a tight cone. Smoothly, it gained speed, approaching the two bodies below. Invicta only glared at Magni before nodding. They both rolled their bodies to the sides as the thick head of the carnivorous plant dug itself deep into the soft sand. A large crater was made, causing the grey sand to be lifted into the air and cover both Magni and Invicta whom laid sprawled to the sides. They seemed unconscious for they did not move or even blink.
Slowly the flower bud crept, easing forward like a serpent with its mouth agape. The green and red colors seemed mystifying and comforting, but it only acted as a disguise. The sharp teeth on the edges of the coned bud opened with thirst. It reached the middle of both bodies, moving its head to the sides as if deciding which to go for first. Rising up to dig its set of teeth into the nearest body, the plant opened its mouth to the rain of small arrows. Each arrow did not fail in missing the bud of the plant, injecting themselves deep into the bright flesh.
The plant whined, letting out a high-pitched sound of torture. A thick green juice maneuvered outwards, shining with the small amount of light in the thick forestry. Still the plant did ease its wrath. With mouth open, it let out a louder scream, causing the ground to shake as the other buds of the plant came forth.
“Don’t look at me, keep shooting!” yelled Sicarius at Glacies. Sicarius cupped her hands and blew, creating the blue fire she was capable of formulating. Her ring that provided her with swifter movements gleamed back at her. She closed her fists before rapidly opening them before the cluster of arrows positioned on Glacies’s back. Promptly, the arrows brightened with the new element wrapping itself on the sharp forms. The arrows never seemed to disappear. Glacies would use one and the one that was lost seemed to always be replaced. There was no need to retrieve the arrows that had struck her enemies, for the arrows always returned to her with blood dripping from the tips.
Glacies let out a bothersome stare before positioning the burning arrow on her bow. The plant continued screaming, moving its head in a vicious and uncontrollable manner. The enflamed arrows only increased its suffering, causing the other buds to move about in a quicker style. “What next? They only seem to scream, not necessarily die,” stated Glacies as she stared at the thrashing head in front of her.
Sicarius did not respond. She took out her precious weapons while letting out a strong whistle. The hyacinth slowly walked towards Sicarius, its light blue fur swaying with the steady wind. It stared at Sicarius with determined purple eyes, waiting for any command. Sicarius lowered herself, quickly whispering into the ears of the beast while Glacies continued distracting the flower in front. Glacies seemed to grow tired, failing to aim correctly.
The hyacinth leapt into the air with calmness, standing in front of the uncontrollable stem moving only inches away from its nostrils. The two buds had come, slithering about in wickedness. These buds, smaller than the primary bud, were composed of yellow and red colors. Around the exterior, the buds contained a crown of long sharp reddened thorns. The sight seemed degrading, and it was. The hyacinth dug its longer outer fangs into the nearest stem of the smaller buds. Slowly, a green juice squirted out, forming bubbles of thick sap to cover the holes the beast had already made. The bud squirmed with a high pitched sound, throwing its head to the wolf-like beast underneath. The thick spikes failed to inject themselves into the thick body of the hyacinth as the beast jumped over them with a powerful leap.
Sicarius, noticing that Glacies seemed close to fainting, turned around to bestow the ring that had provided her with power. Glacies frowned at the offer, quickly putting it on her left ring finger. As if cold water was poured on her fresh body, Glacies felt a renewed energy throb about her—providing her with new life. Sicarius smiled mysteriously before turning her body in a swift movement as to generate enough force to slash through the giant silver stem. With her dagger, she positioned the point to her chest, waiting for the destined moment to slash at the silver armory. Quickly she rose up, pulling the daggers outwards and gashing the stem on both sides.
Glacies did not stop, her wrist moved with pronounced quickness as she grabbed the flaming arrows from behind her and aimed with acute eyesight. Sicarius looked up at the plant, knowing it would not fall, for like the beasts of mud, sap would form to provide a protection more hardy than before. “If I remember correctly, the heart is at the base of the stem. We need to run towards it!” yelled Sicarius above the screams of the plant. The stem knocked her over while the bud swiftly moved towards Sicarius. She only smiled, knowing there was not much the plant’s sharp teeth could do to her, for she too was able to live with an injury. The teeth, only an inch away from Sicarius’s face, opened with strings of slobber that stretched from the tip of the canines to the lower ones.
There was little Sicarius could do while on her back. She could not jump, for her head would be quickly bitten off. She could roll to her sides, but the carnivorous flower would only follow her to her death. She lifted her daggers, causing the blue light to glow. Forming a quick X shape once again, Sicarius made a great effort to block the thin teeth that raced towards her. The daggers were much stronger than the canines that inched their way towards her pale face. She pushed the deathly flower from her face, causing it to attack her arm instead. Sicarius groaned with pain as the silver blood dripped from the side of her arm.
Glacies steadied her bow, aiming at the middle portion of the flower. The green and red striped bud quickly squirmed, rising in the air with the other stems. Pushing her feet in the air, Sicarius elevated her body in a standing position. Noticing that Magni and Invicta were slowly coming to their senses, Sicarius turned to Glacies replying, “I will leave you here. The heart needs to be punctured!”
Glacies looked upon Sicarius with a grim face, but nodded, for she knew it was the only approach in such a situation. She and Sicarius had bonded, almost seemingly sisters in a way. But the two had to depart. Sicarius gingerly lifted her body onto the hyacinth, grabbing onto the silvery blue fur. She tightened her grip as the beast hurried towards the base of the stems with rapidity.
After a long and restless walk, Fortis reached Proditor who had stood before the forestry in contempt. “We need to precede Proditor. It is the only way,” said the king.
Proditor only frowned before the king, slightly in anger. “Are we not better off here? Your brother has much power. You think those mud men who fled from here are the last of our troubles? There is much more to come!”
The king frowned all the more with a renewed fury for the man the inhabitants called his brother. “He is not my brother. Not anymore. He knows we will conquer this journey. This is why he fears our return. If we fail in this journey, we let down the inhabitants of the land. Only then would we truly fail!”
Proditor looked upon the ground, not noticing the scabs that bordered the king’s arms. “You’re a great man Fortis, but I fear for what is to come.”
“Then only look at the present,” answered the king.
“Even that fact is degrading.” Nevertheless, Proditor made his way to the starting of the forestry, pushing the small vines to the sides as to not be touched by them. The king did not reply as he walked behind, causing soft noises beneath his feet. His white cloak disappeared into the forestry of multiple colors. They heard multiple noises—the birds with piercing blood-gold eyes, the six legged blue monkeys that jumped from the tree tops, or even the thorny butterflies moving with such swiftness through the several branches making up the strange environment. But the loudest noise of all was the high-pitched scream from afar—the scream of a plant.
Proditor and Fortis quickly moved their bodies around the terrestrial environment, only receiving small scrapes to their armory that reflected the odd plants. Red thorned bushes lined the path, purple bell flowers let out a thin runny sap, and red fruits shaped into a swirl fell onto the ground with a soft splat. The sky could not be see, only the plants within the darkness. As the king and Proditor made their way through the strange precinct, they did not notice that the carnivorous plants were only a few feet away from them.
The loud scream did not fail to soften as Proditor approached. Glacies looked at Proditor and the king with helpful eyes. “You are a siren!” spat Proditor, nonetheless.
Glacies ignored the words, looking onward to aim at the plant’s head with quick movements. Blinking once with annoyance, Glacies spoke, “I was. Now I am not.” She had to prove she was not the monster she had been. Her drive only prevented the buds from nearing, not necessarily killing them. However, the plants were gaining much power, attempting to dig their spikes into the nearest body.
The king lifted up his sword as one of the smaller buds lowered its head with malevolence towards his skull. The tip of the blade caused a loud sound to echo as metal against metal clanged once again. Fortis slowly lowered his body as he tried to contain his weight upward in a failing stance. Instead, his body rolled to the side, only barely evading the blow of the sharp spikes as they struck the ground to create a hole precisely half a foot deep.
Magni and Invicta rose from their sleeping areas, their heads having been upon the small bed of orange and red cloves. They did not notice the stream of arrows coming from the small bow of a siren. They only knew the long stems made a great effort to strike them one time after another. Magni turned his body to the right, striking the small bud as it lowered itself in an attacking position. It hissed with malevolence, opening up to expose the gruesome teeth. Magni was able to cut a sliver of the thin petals composing what seemed to be the lips of the live plant. Nevertheless, the plant did not fail to grow a new set of petals to replace the once that were already partially burning with the small injury.
Lowering itself, the larger bud grabbed Proditor with great force, lifting the body several feet into the air. Jumping over the stems that stealthily attempted to stumble his feet, Invicta began to climb the larger of the stems. “Inhabitants are nothing but fools!” Glacies angrily whispered to herself, her eyes becoming more vibrant as she was forced to aim more precisely than before as to evade plunging the arrows into the flesh of Invicta or Proditor. Glacies looked to the side as she saw golden drops cover her bare shoulders. She looked upward, more determined, wishing that Sicarius had reached the root of the vines.
The hyacinth panted as it ran towards the heart of the plant. While the rest of the forestry seemed tranquil, odd noises continued to awkwardly empower the calmness. Small purple rodents disappeared into the ground, possibly frightened of being trampled by the racing paws before them. The large insects eyeing the scene only flew from branch to branch to gain a broader sight as the base of the stem became slightly more visible than before. The sand elevated with briskness as the footsteps moved with inordinate force, providing a mark on the floating sand.
It seemed a dessert where the plant’s roots stood. As Sicarius reached the remote area in which the plant boldly stood, smaller stems leapt from the base of the carnivorous stationed monster. The long stems could be seen stretched outwards from afar—something that seemed quite odd. The small stems, thin and weak were a last resort to defend the small hill in which the plant’s heart beat. Sicarius scanned the dangerous circumstances, analyzing the situation at hand. Nothing was impossible for her, for she was invincible.
Tugging on the fur, Sicarius motioned the hyacinth to continue moving towards the deathly flowers. Obediently, the hyacinth leapt over several stems lurking around as if they were tentacles of a massive underwater beast. Leaping onto a thick vine, the hyacinth began slowly jumping from moving stem to stem, nearing the vulnerable life source within. “You have served well, away with you!” screamed Sicarius before pushing her body off of the bluish fur as the hyacinth jumped into the air over a violent protruding stem. Sicarius hit the ground with great force before she rolled her body along the thick base that contained the sole root of the lively nature. The caskets and supplies rolled along with her.
The hyacinth looked behind at Sicarius with pleading eyes. Nevertheless, it gained speed as it journeyed through the forest with renowned freedom. Growling loud and clear, the hyacinth disappeared within the strange forestry.
Sicarius’s body did not move for a few seconds, her face seemingly limp and lifeless except for the frowned look. She saw a man that seemed very similar, his dark hair swaying to the sides of his neatly combed beard. A dark red cape flew behind him as he walked down a golden passage with swiftness while an odd serpent clung to his neck. “Do you have the head of my dear brother?” he questioned before a weak shadow. “I have created you. I can also destroy you! You are unworthy in my presence, off with you!” yelled the strange man before a smiling serpent. The serpent lowered its neck, its eyes scanning the breathing figure before it. With a quick snap of the neck, the serpent injected its vital venom into the neck of the figure, causing it to harden with rapidity until the shadow dropped down—never to be seen again.
Sicarius opened her eyes to a small wandering vine that was split into two thin strands. It had gently touched her, feeling the pale softened skin of the silent body. With a rush of adrenaline, Sicarius raised her chest upwards, striking the bothersome life form. The small stem that had once been two strands, became one with thick green mucus covering the surface. Sicarius only stared for a while, breathing heavily before she rose upwards. There was little the stems could do as they attempted to strike her. Their base, connected to the main stem of the plant, prevented them from lowering horizontally to where Sicarius stood. Only able to reach outwards, small buds, the size of fruit, struck the ground to cause the thin dirt to elevate onto the enemy. But it was useless, the small red buds composed of smaller green spikes failed to scare off Sicarius.
Holding her hands against her hips, Sicarius took only one step forward, not fully comprehending what she was destined to do. That step only improved her memory all the more as the ancient dirt composing the small hill failed to lift her weight. Rather quickly, her body fell down below the plant’s base and into what seemed to be a narrow tunnel. Sicarius yelled out only one scream of surprise, not a feminine nor a masculine yell, but one of strong annoyance.
The inside of the tunnel, composed of long circular ripples of purple dirt, continued to what appeared to be an endless jaunt of grief. Random clusters of green splotches created an illuminating glow in the narrow space in which Sicarius easily slid. Down Sicarius went, maneuvering her body with the violent swift turns. He body continued hitting the narrow walls, causing dirt to fall against her blackened head. Moving her head in a swift manner, a cloud of dust flew in the air behind her sliding figure. The tunnel seemed endless, but all tunnels come to an end whether it is the beginning or the end of an end.
The small ripples of dirt became larger, contributing to an uncomfortable end of the tunnel. The basement of the plant was peculiar—similar to the appearance of a small room in which Sicarius was able to stand to her normal height. A small electrifying sound touched the walls in a gentle force—the beating of a heart. Sicarius scanned the small room with precision, noting the dark walls of dirt surrounding the large stem before her. A strong light seemed to decolorize the thick stem, as a steady light source bonded against the surface from up above.
But the base of the stem was what drew Sicarius’s attention from above, for a large pod exposed a bright purple light. As if it were beating, the purple light darkened and then became brighter in a rhythmic manner. Taking her blade out, Sicarius moved her body around the large pod with a wicked stance. She eyed it as a thick and ghastly liquid moved throughout the heart of the plant. Ironically as it was, the plant waited for its death as Sicarius quickly stabbed the pod with both of her sharp weapons. The thick membrane was cut in half, the mucus inside now pouring out and causing the horizontal opening to widen. The liquid spread across the dark floor, providing a sea of purple infamy. The pod, now clear and empty, caused a great scream from afar as the plant slowly became a dying figure.
Glacies looked upwards, continuing to steady her bow and send countless of arrows at the immortal stems above her. Proditor’s body was elevated in the air, thick holes forming to his sides. His body seemed lifeless, as his arms slowly became a lifeless string. The plant continued holding the dying figure, not yet consuming it before attacking the other individuals. The spikes continued racing past the others, in an attempt to scrape them of their armory. But Magni and Invicta were far too quick for the racing stems. Glacies seemed a motionless body except for the quick movements of her arms. “Only a few feet more!” yelled Magni desperately as Invicta neared Proditor’s shaking body. The bud on which Invicta climbed upon moved around with harshness. The thin spikes gleamed with a tone of death, endeavoring to puncture a piece of flesh.
Proditor slowly awakened despite the blood that continued to cover every side of his body once more. The green mucus continued to fall onto his weak face. He cringed his nose in disgust, moving his head as to shake the green liquid from his eyes. The movement of his body only caused the thin teeth of the bud to dig deeper into the left side of his body while his eyes widened in renewed suffering.
Invicta leapt from the thin stem, crashing violently against the other that held Proditor in its clenched mouth. Wrapping his arm around the moving figure, Invicta grabbed his sword with the other and struck the bud above him. The mucus, red this time, poured down below, causing Glacies’s arrow to soar further upwards than anticipated, disappearing into the strange branches above. Still the plant survived, the mucus quickly binding onto the surface as a shield. The smaller bud relaxed its grasp on Proditor’s figure, causing his body to slip from the opening mouth.
The buds let out a sudden yell of grief, causing Magni to tremble with confusion. The stems moved more violently, thrashing with odd movements against the thin trees to the sides. Small twigs from the trees did not fail in snapping from the trunks. Magni quickly looked to his side where part of the long stem of the plant was seen. As if a disease had been sparked, the base of the plant slowly transformed into a dry lifeless figure.
Proditor’s body fell down below with great intensity before the screaming of the plant’s last seconds of life. Slowly, the roots of the stems composing the buds turned into a splinted and deathly form of what was. The buds shriveled, falling down to the side. Invicta quickly jumped off the vine, evading crashing against the hardness of the trees. Pushing her arms back, Glacies succeeded in flipping her body backwards to avoid a falling stem above. It crashed against the area she had been, elevating the small leaves into the bright air.
While it seemed dark still, it was by far not as dark as it had once been. Sure there was a small amount of perspiration in the air, possibly fog, but nevertheless the area was slightly lighted. Proditor lay on the ground in his puddle of blood, his mouth gaping with overfilled golden liquid—a goblet of gold liquor.
The tunnel had been rather long. Sicarius decided to instead climb the death stem that rose above. The stem seamed close to collapsing, the large fibers unstitching themselves from the body that had once been. Sicarius lifted her blades, slashing through the stem with great swiftness—this time only a drip of the green sap seeped out, nothing more. A thin grey smoke floated in the air of the small dirt-filled room. The fibers slowly unearthed the hole above. Capable of jumping a high distances when fully energized, Sicarius leapt into the open air around 10 feet in height. Pushing off the edges of the small upwards tunnel, Sicarius succeeded in escaping the hole’s presence. She noted the stem that had provided a loud sound as it collapsed down the small hill. A small arrow, fully implanted into the ground as the deathly flower had been, flickered with a blue light before disappearing.
The environment seemed silent, but there was a powerful presence. Sicarius quickly ran towards the movement in the trees to where her companions would be. But they no longer were there. The small piles of flowers and leaves laid stepped upon, etching themselves onto the thin bland dirt. Slowly stepping over the now shriveled greyish stem, Sicarius moved along the gleaming path composed of golden drips.
She formed a frown, fearing she was in a trap. But still she proceeded, scanning the strange small green creatures climbing up above. Their feet, much like a frogs, grasped the tall trunks of the trees. A small soft crest protruded from the side of the reptile-like heads as the creatures stared with penetrating eyes. Sicarius continued moving through the forestry until a bush blocked her path. Nearing the purple bush, Sicarius grabbed her blades as a shadow jumped out of the small leaves with bow in hand.
“It’s me. Do you always have to be pointing a blade to those you trust?” questioned Glacies with a frown.
Sicarius moved around the figure, “I have learned not to trust a soul.” Sicarius pushed the weapons into the sides of her armory. She moved into the leafy bush, causing a small amount of the strange shaped leaves to fall to the ground. Much like snowflakes, each leaf was composed of a different expurgated design. Before her lied a dying scene. Proditor, sprawled on the ground, lay coughing large amounts of blood. Dropping the cluster of the leaves that she had caught between her fingers, Sicarius quickly raced towards the man of her blood. Fortis moved aside to give room to Sicarius.
Proditor lay wide awake, staring at the pale woman’s saddened face. Not a tear dropped from her frowning face. Sicarius knelt down before him, holding his bloody hand in her own. She lowered her head only an inch before Proditor stopped her with his croaking voice. “Don’t. It is not worth it. I wish to die as I am now.”
Sicarius elevated her head, disappointed by the man’s quick remark. It was only a bite for a new life. She did not quite understand. “You are one of my blood. How could I not?”
Proditor opened his hands, letting the black hair of Sicarius wrap around his weak fingers. “I have had a well life. My life needs to end. If you bite me, I would never be able to live an endless life. Please don’t allow my life to be more sufferable,” Proditor managed to form the words. His breathing became more violent, his chest moving upwards far more rapidly. Still he contained his life, lying still on the floor with only his eyes scanning the blurred environment.
He motioned with his right hand until Sicarius slowly moved her ear besides his mouth. “Listen to me. There is much to tell you. I have gained much knowledge than what I thought I was capable of. There is no doubt that Malum will gain an effortless power once again. He may have died but his life still lives in curse! I tell you the truth, with a spark of enchantment, his body will be renewed to how it once was. Beat my heart once, I have seen you save time in the battles fought times ago.”
Sicarius removed the two pieces of armory providing protection to Proditor’s chest. Small indents lined the outskirts like craters in a dark environment as they glistened with the slightest touch. Proditor tightened his eyes with deep misery. He tightened his grip on Sicarius’s arm before relaxing the grasp as the armory was quickly removed. Digging into the pouch she had removed from the hyacinth before falling onto the ground, Sicarius grabbed a small vile containing small pain relieving pills. The king had hid the red velvet sack in the silver pouch of the hyacinth. Looking back at Proditor, a grimaced face shown upon Sicarius as she slipped the pills into his salivated mouth.
Proditor’s body relaxed for the given moment as the capsule was slowly consumed. With a silent stance, Sicarius slipped her blade from her side. Holding it tightly, yet shakingly, Sicarius cut a horizontal gash on the exposed chest. A small amount of golden blood slipped from the muscular chest, not that there was enough blood to begin with. The king looked towards Proditor with a grim face. He had known the man well, yet he had forgotten him, occasionally drinking in the highest balcony with him. Yet, even the man he had called a friend had defied him. He knew his brother’s power exceeded what he had thought.
Slowly, Sicarius felt underneath the skin until touching a sluggishly beating heart slowly ending its beats of life. Proditor’s chest pumped upwards as his eyes closed before his dying face. Sicarius, determined not to lose her cousin, tightened her face with frustration as she tightened her grip on his heart. Releasing her grip, the heart began beating on its own, faster than it had been before. Sicarius knew there was little time, a few minutes to hours. It was all she could do, all that Proditor wanted done.
Proditor’s sight began to become renewed as he stared upon the pale face of Sicarius. “You save my life once again,” he whispered.
Sicarius looked upwards to her surroundings. It seemed silent except for the steady blue fire to her side and the staring faces from afar. The king knew she wanted peace. He motioned the others to move aside. Glacies and the others disappeared behind the brushes around the small vacant environment.
“Not this time,” stated Sicarius sadly. Her heart beat with anxiety. She knew only one bite would save him. It was so close. His heart beat continued beating profoundly, a time bomb of what was.
Suddenly laughing, Proditor looked upon Sicarius’s eyes, “I feel your teeth growing with apprehension. Bite me after I die. This I will allow,”
Sicarius shook her head slowly until becoming more violent than before as she realized that there was no point in Proditor’s decision. “I do not bite everyone I see. I have controlled that years ago,” she stated rather angrily while holding her head with her tender hands. She stood up, turning her back on her cousin.
“It is the knowledge I want passed onto you. Only then will you know almost all, for I contain Malum’s memories from times ago.”
Sicarius looked startled, not knowing whether Proditor spoke in respect to his damaged head. She only frowned all the more, forming deep creases onto her startled face. “I do not know what you speak of.”
“Only listen. There is much to know. I feel my heart weakening. There is not much you can do that you already have done. I only ask that you bite me after I die, only then will you understand.” His eyes urged to stay open but a profound weakness began to overcome them.
“Your father was like one to me. Now I will go to where he relies,” Proditor stated weakly. His voice slightly croaked in a dreamlike stance.
“Tell him I miss him dearly. I do not understand most of the wisdom he has bestowed me,” Sicarius stated sadly.
“He has invented a plethora of meaningless things in hopes that some of them will become beneficial. The metal box contains the knowledge of plenty. The time is very near where the blue spirits will allow you to open it,” stated Proditor before his vision was no more and his body relaxed in its dream-like stance. His slim body laid motionless beside the screaming Sicarius. Only a tear found itself on the outskirts of her cheeks, rolling downwards to combine with the golden sap bordering the cuts and scratches of the body underneath.
Remembering Proditor’s words, Sicarius spread her arms across her face before lowering herself to the cold neck below. Exposing her ripened fangs, she closed her eyes as her jaws clenched against the lifeless neck. She reacted bitterly to the coldness of the body but bit all the more. The little blood that remained in the body slowly rose to her patient mouth. The blood encircled her teeth and her tongue until slowly making its way into the throat within. Believing it was enough to create the power Proditor spoke of, Sicarius removed her mouth from the neck. She let the petrified head slowly fall onto the ground, closing the open eyes with a slow movement of her hand.
A bite enabled her to witness the basic memories entrapped in the victim as so to speak. When biting Glacies, she had quickly known of her short life and how she was created. The images were slightly blurred, but nevertheless visible. Glacies was the daughter of a familiar face, a face she knew too well to overthink what she saw. She continued keeping the brief memories to herself, not wanting Glacies to taste the edge of a sword.
This was all the same with Proditor’s memories, yet more dramatic. A thin fog blocked her view from what was. The world around her disappeared, as if she were transported into another era, another dimension, another world. It was so, the memories provided the setting as it was—an illusion of wonder. Quickly the memories began to transition. Wars began to appear, most of which her face was clearly seen. The ground began to shake, causing large holes to form and lava to spread its body onto the sands that bared the wandering warriors. She had remembered the days after that had proceeded those of Malum, terrible days that had transformed her awakening life.
She continued seeing the images around her until they quickly changed into images far more dramatic. Images of Malum cutting himself at the wrist to provide droplets into a clear sphere of water fluttered through her mind. Quickly motioning the water in a circular pattern, the water transformed into a black round object, deathly in appearance. The images transitioned into the creatures of mud that had drank the puddle of golden blood sprawled on the floor before the shattered black glass.
More dramatic the images flew around her, exposing her mind to the terrifying aspects and memories contained in Malem. Images of suffering and despair, of children dying in the ruthless of ways. Images of skulls lining the paths to the castle. Images of men’s faces becoming distorted until becoming no more than a pile of raw powder. These images of disaster provided a deathly feeling to Sicarius, feelings she had thought had been long lost. But still the images spread around her. She screamed with great might, knowing that the images would only become even more of a nuisance. Then she saw it, the soul of Malum before her, the mask of deception nearing her. The forestry was much like the one she had already past except for the trees being tall and black. The long branches seemed like claws scratching the wind in the most susceptible of places.
The beating eyes behind the metallic mask walked closer, as if floating within the air. Sicarius lifted her weapons, only knowing it was nothing more than a powerful memory. Still she held the weapons in a defenseless stance. Malum walked towards her nonetheless, his dark red cloak moving behind his black armory. Sicarius waited as Malum slowly walked through her, the image flickering with smoke as it reappeared in front of her. Bringing a vile towards his face, he peered in the seemingly empty solution. But there was far more to what lurked inside. He crushed the vile with his pale hands, ignoring the small pieces of glass sinking into his flesh. A sudden chilliness filled the air, as a white smoke appeared before Sicarius.
Stating a few words aloud, Malum opened his mouth. A seemingly clear force leapt out of him, causing his body to stumble before a clear soul. “What is that?” questioned Sicarius with beating eyes. She walked closer towards the floating dead body until the eyes opened with a flash. The body disintegrated before her, leaving the mask to float on top of the small burning pile. The spirit above seemed to not be, for the body seemed invisible except for the blood red eyes that seemed to kill life with a simple stare.
Suddenly the armory that had covered Malum beforehand appeared around his body as his spirit motioned with his hand towards the pile of blackened ash. The armory of his hand formed long metallic nails of death as they pointed at his own lifeless body, or what was left of it. A small course voice was heard, words that seemed meaningless to the staring Sicarius. Relaxing her grip on her daggers, Sicarius watched as a strong gust of wind filled the gaps between the tall wicked trees. The branches moved about, as if attempting to scrape Sicarius from her flesh.
Still Malum spoke. He lifted his hand upwards, causing the ashes to become a swirl of black magic. Not yet fully visible, a body began to immerge. It was a wicked power indeed, for the man before the spirit of Malum did not contain a mask to hide his deathly stare. With a muscular body and a smooth face, he seemed to be a statue in a castle. But it was the eyes that caused death within. The eyes sparkled with malevolence as the body bowed down to its master.
The spirit above smiled, his mouth clearly shown where the mask did not cover him. Slightly confused, Sicarius only marginally lifted her blade to her forehead to degrade the force of the wind against her face. Each time the wind’s power was felt, small wisps of smoke clashed against her face. Then the spirit spoke in a familiar language, the ancient language of the land. “Surgere Rise!” he yelled through the silent night, causing the winds to ease.
The man, known as Malum’s life form, rose up to his full height. His body was bare before the chilliness of the wind. Still the steady wind did not pierce his body. The wicked spirit lifted his arms, lifting up two blades that seemed oddly similar to that of Sicarius’s. She quickly scanned her own set of blades—not that she hadn’t seen them before. Looking upwards, Sicarius promptly realized that the blades the spirit of Malum bore were in fact identical to hers.
In anticipation, Sicarius watched as the soul swiftly glided towards its body with great force. The head seemed a skull-like appearance before the racing and raggedy cloak. With a quick swipe, Malum’s soul sliced through the man’s flesh. As if necessary, blood began pouring down the strongly formed chest where the slash marks gleamed. Again the spirit flew towards the body, continuing to slash the body into several smaller pieces. Sicarius stared in utter disgust as the body before her was no more; it fell bitterly to the ground in not one, but several gruesome pieces in a large puddle of deep red blood.
Sicarius had seen blood sprawled across faces, many of which were her friend’s. She had never, however, seen blood as red as the wet patch that moved towards her trembling feet. The blood quickly wrapped around the legs where she stood, forming small clouds of deathly reddened smoke along the exterior. Not failing to stare at the atrocious scene, she formed a trembling frown as her eyes grew wider and her emotions turned into that of destine horror. The small pieces of the body continued moving up and down as if the fragments contained the power to breathe. The eyeballs floated above the bloody skull in deep regret.
Again Malum’s spirit glided towards the murder scene, positioning his body in a walking position above the shimmering red sea. Rapidly, Malum’s soul walked over the red carpet with high power, crushing the skull in a brusque manner. He seemed to enjoy the scene, salivating for far more. Lowering his daggers and body towards the ground, Malum watched with great interest as a small cloud of smoke slowly inserted itself into the prime weapons, casing a destine blue glow to appear along the blade’s powerful stones. His cloak was filled with his own hateful blood as it dripped downwards before a standing body. “Sunt non eadem Are you not the same.?”
Sicarius cringed her nose, continuing to stare at the figure. The image began to flicker, darkening in the precise moment as the spirit stabbed the closest reptile form—a two headed figure. The head slowly turned towards Sicarius with gleaming eyes and a deathly smile of profound wickedness. She tried to comprehend the matter, knowing that Malum’s spirit had divided itself but for what? Was it that Malum was composed of two spirits? The questions were left unanswered.
Sicarius screamed with great might, holding her head with both her hands. The scene had been too much to intake, her head bleeding profoundly with the silver blood she was made up with. Her eyes tightened with potency, causing a light bruise to form around the edges of the agitated spheres of sight. Her body trembled intensely as a deep surge of blood filled her ears, causing her neck to throb violently. “I am not! I am not! I am not!” screamed Sicarius deeply. Her jaws clenched in a trembling stance. Her voice screamed out once again, far more loudly than before as small tears dropped from her tightly closed eyes of dread.
“Sicarius! Listen to me! We are here!” yelled the king all the more, gripping Sicarius’s arms rather tightly in an attempt to cause the daggers to fall to the ground. As they fell, a light sizzling sound enwrapped the hilts. A light mist arose from them, as heat wrapped around the edges in a simmering stance.
“No! Go away! Go away! Now!” Sicarius continued to scream in suffering as her arms flew around her sides in a desperate manner. She pushed at the armory that formed along Magni’s chest, causing her eyes to open before a blurred image. Yet the red eyes were there! They were everywhere she looked, where she peered, and especially where she stared. Was death all the same?
Magni wrapped his arms around the trembling figure, tightening his grip all the more. “It’s me Magni. All is well,” Magni stated, trying to comfort the already distressed Sicarius.
Sicarius slowly opened her eyes once again, as if frightened to see who was before her. Magni relaxed his grasp around the sides of her slender body. Thin drops of sweat lined her face, or perhaps it was tears that gleamed a new hope. She looked upwards towards Magni, tightening her arms around him in a relieved manner. “I saw him,” she stated softly. Her eyes gleamed with a new feeling of tranquility and courage. Slightly embarrassed by her recent behavior, she brushed the sides of her black armory and walked towards the blue flames. She left the body that had caused her great pain and suffering.
“How may we remove the body?” questioned Invicta to the king in a low manner as to not cause Sicarius any more suffering.
The king looked towards Invicta and in a discrete manner he whispered back, “I do not believe he would like to be buried in the land he so much fought against. However, it is also a long ways towards the castle of Sapientem, the only closest of kings. I do not know how to answer your question. I will let Sicarius to decide when she is stronger than now.”
“We don’t have much time, my lord! How do you expect us to fight off your brother when we have to take time to decide about the body that just so happened to ‘arrive’!” whispered Invicta in an agitated manner. His voice was loud enough to hear from where Sicarius stood peering at the dancing flames in front of her. The king motioned for Invicta to lower his voice, but it was far too late. Invicta’s face shown red with anger as he turned to the shadow in front.
“There is no need to whisper to my side and wish that I may not listen. I am here and so is my now dead cousin. There is nothing more we can do about that. Considering the circumstances as the king stated, there is nothing more we can do than to leave the body where it stands. After all, my cousin always believed he would die in the land he had so bitterly fought against. Let this be a tribute to all he has done!” spoke Sicarius with strong wordings. Her cloak elevated as she spoke these words. She lowered her stance, grabbing the weapons that had so keenly dropped from her hands. “And don’t ever take my prime weaponry from my clutches!” she threatened as she turned away.
“What is it you saw? I see red eyes in the midst. Is this what the inhabitants call Malum? But why? Or should I say how did this Malum come to be?” questioned the young girl. With profound grace, Glacies walked towards the group while moving her hands along the sides of her clothing.
“Nothing has occurred. Only a depraved memory from the past has haunted me. Nothing more,” Sicarius stated with a menacing smile. She began to walk towards the bushes that bordered the small encampment.
“I too felt a great pain surge through me. While I did not see, I felt,” stated Magni as he held his chest. Invicta slightly rolled his eyes as he stared at the ground in annoyance. He despised what his brother had become. Was it the powers he now contained? Blasphemy, he did not account with beasts he was destined to kill, to loathe, to prey upon. He and the king were surrounded by not the beasts that roamed through the trees, but the inhabitants they called ‘friends.’ He cringed his nose in deep disgust as he looked upon the ground in agony.
Sicarius stopped in her tracts, leaving a trail of aesthetic prints behind her. The armory around her slender thighs seemed nothing more than a thin shiny cloth. Yet, even the flames did not attempt to spring at the sudden movement. Sicarius turned around, her black hair gripping the darkness as she stared threateningly towards those around her. “I do not wish to speak of what I saw just now. But yes, it is true. Malum is much near. I did not believe all these years of fighting would bring us where we had left off!” yelled Sicarius loud enough for the small insects that carefully crawled along the long branches to silence their slight steady sounds.
The king moved towards Sicarius. “It is alright. This land will benefit from what you have seen. Perhaps if we stop my brother, we will achieve victory.”
“That is not the case,” stated Sicarius, “for Malum lives off of fragments of his spirit. I did not want to say, but there is no time to relax a single muscle. Fragments of his spirit have gone into a two-headed creature. I could not quite distinguish the shadow, for the darkness was exceedingly profound.”
“It appears that Malum has achieved the power of spirisectis. It is not quite surprising in a way,” stated the king as he frowned in deep thought.
Sicarius only merely nodded, her teeth fully exposed in a snarl. Sicarius threw her cloak on the ground before walking behind the brushes bordering the small area. Glacies followed in hopes that Sicarius would not notice her stalking stance.
Fortis, Magni, and Invicta were left alone. Not even the fire seemed to provide a sound to limit the awkwardness of the surroundings. Perhaps what seemed more awkward was the fact that a body glistened from in front. A motionless body at that, one of a recently deceased man with eyes newly opened.
Slowly moving his head towards the motionless figure, Magni realized they were left to bury the body without even the man’s relative’s help. “We should do with the body. How should we come about this?” Magni questioned.
Invicta’s eyes bore more inferiority than before; a slight goldness surrounded the eye of sight. “Why don’t you bite him too?” he asked, his throat throbbing with great anger.
Noticing his brother’s anger, Magni turned back. “Because I can control it! You should control your anger too! You look at what I have become physically and fail to realize how agitated you are. Are you not the true monster? Your hateful eyes speak for themselves,” screamed Magni with a loud, yet calm, voice.
Knowing the brothers would be destined to fight against one another, Fortis closed his eyes while holding his hands steady towards the ground. A sudden spark of green flame ignited from his hand. Opening his eyes, he saw the flames gleaming to both his sides, preventing the destruction of the brothers. “Stop at once!” yelled the king far more profoundly than that of both man’s voice, “Magni is the same as all. He is your brother, do not forget that.”
Still the king heard the sword begin to come out. Quickly, Fortis turned his body, pushing Invicta at his chest. Invicta’s hand slowly released the sword as he slowly crashed onto the ground, his eyes tightening with defeat. Fortis walked towards Invicta, the green flames following his every move. He held his hand out, offering peace with his most trusted of warriors. Invicta glanced at the king, not knowing whether to take the hand or push it off. Realizing the king only seeked prevention of more bloodshed, Invicta grabbed a hold of the hand to rise to the king’s level.
Magni ignored the scene, feeling more comfortable with a dead body than his own brother. He felt like a disgusting figure to the inhabitants. What would become of him? In some parts they killed the kind he so recently became. Is this what he wanted? Or was it merely something he dreaded? He felt a strong chemistry between himself and Sicarius, a surge of electrical current wrapping what had been his heart. But he also felt the need for the taste of fresh blood…



Chapter 14

A Newly Found Life


The knocks became far louder than before. The poundings had been light, starting with only three silent beams of sound. Slowly they became much more violent. “What is it!?” yelled the cloaked figure as he walked steadily towards the medium-sized black doors preventing the knocker from proceeding. Small thick spikes bordered the door’s interior surface, gleaming as the man reached them. The strange man reached the middle of the door that contained a smooth surface from the spikes. There was no seal dividing the door into two parts, in fact it would have appeared to be part of a wall except for the irritating echo through the hall at the exterior.
Quickly pushing the ragged black sleeves upwards, the man hastily pushed his hand against the smooth surface until a small amount of orange light formed around his thin fingers. Silently laughing, it was clear that his throat contained a gathering of ripe saliva. The door continued discoloring its black surface to instead be a vibrant orange with glints of yellow lines. Slowly, even the colors that appeared to be a lining of lava, slowly slid downwards to expose the image of Furtim.
Furtim held a silver staff with strange engravings rising upwards to a peculiar globe. It appeared as if a thick black smoke was enclosed, encircling around in a silent yet mystifying movement. Noticing the older man stood overlooking the odd masterpiece with great interest, Furtim smiled wickedly, “I myself have a magic even you are foreign to.”
“That is impossible! How did you get a hold of it? Do not come near, for that staff contains a dark power!” the elderly man motioned Furtim to move out of the odd mystical doorway. It was clear that fear screamed out of the blank eyes. A small amount powder flew into the air, not ever falling down as it was destined to do.
Furtim smiled far more profoundly than before, the serpent slowly appearing at the side of his right shoulder. “I am sure you will do as you are told. I cannot quite kill you because you see, I need you. But I can promise you that I will throw your pale eyes into the fire to burn along with your mistress.”
The man frowned, lifting up his white eyebrow to his right side. “My mistress was never seen in the land. She wandered off into the gardens, never to be seen again.
“Is it true that magic can bring back even the dead? Or is it merely the living?” questioned Furtim eerily. He did not wait for a response before he snapped his fingers without a blink from his reddened eyes. Quickly, a servant a few inches smaller than Furtim walked to where he stood, bearing a familiar women in tight clutches. The older woman looked upon the ground, far too intoxicated to move her head upwards to see what or who was before her. Her white hair obediently fell to the sides of her young blank face. Thick purple bindings gleamed around her every step, for she was a prisoner at hand—merely a token for a job of evil.
“It cannot be! She died in the gardens of…” began the elderly man in horror.
“Of Defuncti. I know. She did not die, however; her spirit was merely separated from her weak body. I was able to stitch back the soul with the needle of anima. It was no easy task as you can see. But here she is and if you do not do as I say,” stated Furtis as he snapped to his side without turning his head, “She will surely disappear in a much more suffering manner than before.” The luminous purple chains drifted off from sight as the servent turned away with the woman from the elderly man’s view.
The elderly man quickly ran forward, but Furtim’s strength was far stronger. Even if he were to proceed, the stealthy serpent would put an end to his conquer. Agitated, the elderly man’s eyes teared along the outskirts of the veiny blank eyes. He threw a handful of the purple powder into the air once again, lifting his own ancient staff and hitting it onto the ground. Sudden sparks of red gleamed from underneath the simple piece of wood before nearing the doorway with great precision. Promptly, a swirl, the color of what had been the doorway, quickly moved on towards Furtim. Furtim stared through the tunnel of anger, noticing the stormy appearance in the room: papers fluttered from the walls, the fire from the fireplace became far more ablaze, and the several potions that lined the ancient cracked desk sizzled with renewed acidity. “You will not become the best of me! You made one vital mistake, Furtim. For I knew you would come. Several glimpses of what will become lie against me,” yelled the elderly man with great force.
Furtim continued looking at the swirl of liquid nearing him, yet he took his stance. “Well why would you ever attempt to reverse what your destiny is already about to become?” Furtim questioned with a smirk. The serpent continued moving its immense metallic form along its master’s body.
“Because there is one glimpse that shows my conquer for now. This is all I need to defeat your stealthy power! While you will attempt to bring evil once again to the land, you will fail immensely in the end! I am Magicalis, one of the elder sorcerers of the land,” shouted the elderly man in a quick manner over the loud noise caused by the swirl of intense lava. A stench of burning flesh filled the air before Magicalis motioned his arms for the swirl to proceed. The moving funnel did not fail to abide as it filled the doorway where Furtim stood, his image flickering with a steady smile of victory. “Did one of your so called glimpses of the future show you a flicker? Let us not try anything to deceive me or it will be the end of your mistress.”
Magicalis stared at the doorway in horror, his eyes brightening with defeat. “But the knock!” whispered Magicalis to himself.
“Yes, it was merely a fragment of your imagination,” stated Furtim as his body appeared behind Magicalis. He lifted up his right index finger, letting the long black nail touch the petrified head. Magicalis did not move, for he knew there was no way out. His magic was entwined with nature, for he possessed the magic of earth. “Was she my real?” he questioned before the nail touched his skull.
Furtim stopped in his tract, “Yes, she was. That, was not fake.” He pierced the skull with his sharp nail, filling the piercing with a new red liquid. He smiled wickedly as Magicalis’s body became covered with thick black veins of death. “Perhaps your foretelling of the future is dwindling along with your frail body,” stated Furtim without waiting for a response from the trembling figure. Furtim stretched his neck out like a demon, his eyes widening with palpable evil.



Chapter 15

Beasts Amidst the Quiet Grounds


Invicta rose up, his eyes showing the look of deep offense. “Let us deal with our own problems by ourselves, will you?” As he walked away, he pushed the king’s right shoulder. Fortis only shook his head in disappointment. The two brothers had reminded him much of his relationship with his own relative. Their royal blood was much different, however. Perhaps they were not truly brothers. It was clearly a mystery that was long forgotten.
The king walked towards Magni, noticing that Invicta had wandered off with his belongings. “He wants to kill me, doesn’t he?” questioned Magni without looking at the shadow whose footprints traced the ground towards the dead body.
“That I do not know. Do not ponder on this endless idea. What is done has been done whether for better or worse. Do you wish otherwise?” answered the king with a piercing question that haunted Magni. Did he truly want to stay alive as a beast his brother already despised? It was a question that could not be truly answered in its own way. He did not dread Glacies no longer.
“I do not know what was or is best for me. Perhaps it is a change that will destroy my relationship with my brother. This is what I truly fear,” said Magni as he fiddled with a thin purple twig that he had picked from ground in which he sat.
Fortis did not reply. He knew there was nothing much to say but to remove the body and proceed on the journey. The king lifted the legs of the now dead Proditor, motioning Magni to grab the head. “Oh now I have to grab the head with those staring eyes?” stated Magni in a snickering manner in an attempt to calm the dreadful situation. There were many a time he had fought, several of which he removed the dead bodies from amidst. The land had not been as peaceful as many had wished, for many beasts still prowled. It was saddening, especially endearing a message to their loved ones. Perhaps the dread would have been greater to look upon the eyes of horror if it weren’t for other methods of communication. For instance, there were the trees spirits that would let their small flowers or leaves glide in the wind towards the processor’s house. A silent whisper would state the death of a long-lasted warrior. Those inside would cry out. But by then the flowers would have disappeared. Then there were the red birds that would flap their wings with great swiftness as they would dive down with a dreadful parchment in their beaks. Due to several hunters roaming the grounds, the birds were quickly thought to be merely a food source. Soon after, the birds died along with their floating dead letters. Finally, there were the mirrors in which to communicate through, but even then the mirrors were quickly shattered through the desperate throw of a dish. It was useless to speak of death, for it lurked dismissively through the land. The ceremonies of death only provided a greater sadness as millions of mothers would gather together in a day of weeping for their long lost children.
Magni’s smile quickly turned into one of deep depression that had always filled him when there was a stench of death. When would another have to carry his body? They carried the body away from the fire’s strong blue light. Careful not to drop the body, Magni followed Fortis into a small cave they had seen before resting. They had only glanced at its bright colored blue rocks, not thinking it as a burial site. But now it had to become one for a dead body to own.
The cave was not as large as it had seemed to be. The large rocks stacked up to each other glowed profoundly with a thick illuminated moss that drooped down like a limp and lifeless body. Several birds that seemed invisible in the darkness whistled a silent tune of sadness, giving their respects to Proditor’s spirit. “Here we must set him,” the king stated as they brought the body towards the ground. They slowly pushed the body further into the small cave and onto the glowing moss that formed like a rug in the burial site.
“Help me push this rock as a closure,” stated the king as he pushed against the large rock with great difficulty. Magni rose up, walking onto the king’s end. The king spread the white cloth that bordered his arms back before attempting to push the rock once again. But it had already disappeared from his eyes view. “You have the same strength, if not greater, as Sicarius. Interesting,” stated Fortis as he looked peculiarly as the rock was pushed to close the gap in the cave. Magni did not let out one drop of sweat as he walked towards Fortis in a confused manner.
“And why is that?” asked Magni.
“It was just an assumption. Sicarius won’t find happiness knowing there is someone as great as her,” the king chuckled with a slightly course voice. And so Magni and the king wandered off, breaking the small twigs beneath their feet and leaving Proditor to rest as he was. As they walked back, they saw the formation of a familiar tree rise ahead of them—the tree of life. Magni pushed back the thin purple branches that bordered the peculiar area. His brother turned towards Magni as he bit into the ripe fruit, allowing the golden juice to fall along his mouth.
Magni did not pay much attention to his silent brother. He walked with his back stiff, clutching one of the medium odd-shaped fruits. Eagerly, he took one sole bite before proceeding. The juice filled his mouth with a profound energy, the thin fibers attaching themselves to his tongue to fill its refreshing enticement. Before, his body felt close to dropping, but the fruit had fulfilled its destiny in reviving the weak soul.
Sicarius smiled peculiarly at Glacies as she widened her eyes in surprise. “Never did I have a taste of such a fruit! Only the rare red flowers that border the sides of the castle. But of course those are not as sweet as this!” exclaimed Glaices in her childlike manner. A thin bluish gown, seemingly transparent, yet not, glowed along her gracing body.
“There is more to come, for a goblet awaits you,” stated Sicarius with a gracing smile. A small fountain rose up from her side with several golden goblets that sparkled with lust. Glacies approached the fountain, pushing the goblet into the celestial springs and raising it up to her moistened lips. She took one drink of the juice, playing with the liquid until it tickled her throat in a refreshing manner. She looked upon Sicarius in the same fashion. Sicarius only smiled all the more. They seemed to have formed a strong relationship, a daughter with a mother. But Sicarius knew too well who Glacies’s prime father was—something that chilled her sudden thoughts.
Sicairus’s smile soon turned into one of deep sadness followed by a reassuring gesture as Glacies’s eyes formed a questioning stare. Sicarius turned around to where the king stood. He had curiously put the odd fruit on a long purple stick, holding it above the feeding flames in delight. Sicarius rolled her eyes, “Do you always feel the need for such pleasures? It is almost time to go you know. Here we are in the darkest part of the land eating heavenly delights. Yet there are millions of inhabitants at the brink of terror and they hardly are aware of it,” Sicarius stated rather drastically.
The king rose up, however. “For on the way,” he stated holding up his toasted creation, “If I remember correctly, I had to bury a body just now.”
Sicarius shook her head annoyingly, yet lively. It was strange how in a couple of minutes death did not seem as dreadful as before. She looked upon the palm of her right hand, there were not any seeds left to produce the fruit and juice they had already consumed. With deep horror she looked up to the king’s face. “There are no more, they must have dropped. Could we survive, my king?” Sicarius stared in shock.
“There are no worries Sicarius. Look above; there are plenty of small delights to satisfy our hunger. Once we cross the Shadow of Death, we will be much near. Only the mountains will be the last trouble before approaching the mighty castle. Surely Sapientem must know of what has happened, but he refuses from entering the past,” answered the king in a grim manner.
Sicarius looked at a tree from afar, fiddling with one of her daggers before throwing it with a precise swiftness. The blade quickly came in contact with the thick blue trunk of an odd tree, causing a thick sap to drain outwards. These trees had a distinct difference from the ones that sprouted from the outskirts of Malum’s land. “I feel trapped in this small place. Shall we proceed?” she questioned.
Glacies stared behind her, hearing the silent noise of a twig snap. “What is it?” questioned Sicarius in an agitated voice.
“We might not be alone,” answered Glacies as she threw her goblet on the ground before a racing shadow that lurked forward. Glacies steadied her arrow, waiting for the precise time to shoot forward. Then there was silence, as if the beast lurked around only as to tease the dwellers. Then there it was, only a small reflection of the horror that came from Glacie’s face at staring into the several eyes that shined above—a massive spider.
There she shot, ignoring the fear that attempted to drop her to the ground and yield at her conqueror. Her eyes glowed a piercing blue color before the arrow left from her bow and struck the silent figure. Out of the several eyes that overlooked the environment, only one was pierced, a thin black liquid falling down upon the dark blue fur bordering the body of the terrestrial beast.
Invicta and the others had already brought their weapons upwards in a prepared stance as Glacies continued striking the head and eyes. The spider did not move, however; it only stared petrifyingly at its prey—waiting for the precise moment to do its kill. Glacies reached behind her, moving her fingers in a desperate manner for an arrow. Her face shown grim as she knew the arrows that she had violently aimed had not yet returned to her. She looked behind at the staring faces about her. “What now?” she questioned, her face cringing with discomfort.
Sicarius smiled wickedly once again, forming only one word with her reddened lips, “Run.”
The beast had already known of their failure. Its front legs, long as they were, jumped high into the air in victory. Letting out a loud scream with several thick spittles flying outwards, the two story tall tarantula yielded to instinct as it ran forwards. Sicarius and the others had already disappeared beneath the brush, but not for long as several eyes scanned for sudden movement within the trees. “If it’s not one thing it’s definitely another,” stated Sicarius as her breathe pulsated with her quick run.
“That is what forms life,” asserted the king, a foot behind the racing Sicarius. Invicta and Magni ran behind, ignoring each other’s presence in the meanwhile.
“Ummm that monster is much quicker than all of us! I could see its mouth moving with anticipation!” yelled Glacies as she looked back towards the horrid creature. The tarantula crawled with great might, bending the trees as if they were thin twigs that snapped with a silent gust of wind. The palps that stretched outwards from its mouth moved with a thin lubricant that caused an eerie sound before its teeth. The dark blue fur shivered with the quick movement of the legs racing through the tall unyielding trees.
Sicarius suddenly stopped, holding her chest with her trembling hand. Invicta, Magni, and the king, stood their stance by the other trunks, waiting for Glacies whom had clumsily tripped over a fallen tree branch. Her breathes became much deeper, causing her white face to seem frail. Glacies rose up, running like she had never had before. “The ring! Give it here,” yelled Sicarius at the still running Glacies. Continuing pacing towards Sicarius, Glacies slipped the golden jewel from her ring finger. Staring at Sicarius, she spun the ring towards her shadow before the tarantula appeared in a dreadful manner. The spider soared upwards, far above the tips of the trees in an attempt to dive down at the racing Glacies.
From the sides of her eyes Glacies saw the massive front legs dig repulsively into the dirt and trees below. Consequently, the intense blow caused the ground to shake, the trees to shake, and the dirt to leap from within. Glacies rose upwards in the air; she smiled repulsively as she stared into the dark eyes ten feet in front of her. The sudden violent gesture from the creature caused Glacies to glide in the air for a few more seconds than anticipated. Wasting no time, Glacies retrieved her bow once again, pulling the arrows that had once again appeared on her back.
Carefully blowing her hands, she formed a sphere of glowing water, seemingly electrifying. Her eyes became aglow as she quickly touched the tip of the arrow, aiming at the center of the beast. Several pebbles and clumps of dry dirt leapt around her, hitting her body in whichever way possible. But the arrow had already been released, the tip shining profoundly as the sphere of water combined to the fur’s slightest touch. It was then that the sphere drained its clear liquid into the thick hairlines below the staring eyes. Glacies fell onto the ground, knowing it would be close to impossible to avoid the spider’s quick legs. But a tender hand had offered saving grace, pulling her body with great force towards the side of another thick trunk.
“Just because you’re immortal does not mean you won’t die!” smiled Sicarius malevolently. Glacies looked towards the enormous shadow, watching as the prime creature screamed in its steady stance. The front legs once again lifted themselves up in an agonizing manner as loud saliva gushing sounds filled the cool air. Sicarius frowned as if expecting the spider to attack her. Perhaps she waited for such thing to occur. “What did you do?” she questioned curiously.
Glacies smiled all the more, her eyes shining with mischief. “Look for yourself. I have a little magic infused in my own body as well,” answered Glacies as she motioned upwards with her eyes.
As Sicarius carefully laid her fingers on the side of the trunk, she pushed her body forward to peer at the scene. The beast continued crying out in a far more agonizing scream, for the fur began to bubble on the surface of its body in a vigoring manner. The acidity left the fur to slowly peel off, exposing a black death-like skin. The cries were over, there was no more time to cry victory, for the spider knew of what was to come.
Leaping upwards, the spider did not begin racing for the ones who had already began running through the trees. Instead, it let out a sudden petrifying yell that seemed to elevate the floating leaves. Her back began to move, the blue colors slowly disappearing onto the ground. The ground no longer seemed as tranquil, for sudden blue movements dominated its stance. Sicarius only looked behind, making sure that the beast no longer stalked their every step from death. However, she looked in horror as the ground began to shed blue creatures instead. The yell of the mother could still be heard from afar—orders to kill.
Sicarius smiled bitterly, knowing the larger spider would finish them off if its offspring did not. “There are more of them!” she yelled.
Invicta looked behind, his eyes becoming reddened by the dust from his running feet. “How much further?” he questioned with a frustrating voice of terror. It was not silent in the dark forestry, the screams and quick movements pounding the ground with its own force. Small gurgling sounds from the offspring became much louder than before as they neared their prime targets.
“The Shadow of Death is at a close distance. But we would certainly not reach in time to avoid contact with these creatures!” the king yelled, trying to state his words fast enough to avoid the interruption from another deep breath.
Noticing there was a branch that was much lower than the rest, Glacies lifted her arms above, grasping the silver surface. Quickly, her body swung over as she landed precisely on the sturdy wood just in time to escape the moving fangs of a small blue spider. The spider leapt, its hind legs unable to cause its body to reach the branch in which Glacies calmly stood aiming her arrow at its head. Dozens of these spiders sprang from odd areas, ignoring Glacies and proceeding for the others.
As soon as the arrow was released, an explosion was heard against the exoskeleton of the ghastly insect. Its eyes moved, scanning the primate. Small noises came from its mouth as the saliva that drooped from within was swiftly sucked, providing an eerie noise. Glacies did not stop there. Briskly scanning the area, she knew she was alone. She pushed off of the branch with her arm, bringing an arrow into the clutches of her hand and digging into the skull of the insect below her.
The insect finally let out a chilling scream as it leapt onto Glacies’s chest. The spider could be said to be no bigger than two feet in diameter, but its raging jaws made it appear far bigger than it should have been. A thick membrane bordered the thick curved fangs as they rose up before lowering towards the shivering arm. But what prevented the dreadful scene from happening was the feet that pushed with great force at the abdomen of the creature. It seemed all odds were against Glacies, for the spider grabbed her legs with precision. It did not fail in being kicked into the air. The arrows on its back did not stop it from attacking to fulfill its destiny.
Glacies’s face shown ghastly, a petrified grey as she continued pushing her legs outwards. Lifting up her small green dagger, she sliced the scrawny thin legs causing a black liquid to gush from the cut areas. She squinted as a drop slid past the side of her face. It was an odd feeling, a feeling of coolness from the heated liquid. “Maybe it was best you left my body?” Glacies stated as the spider screamed with a high-pitched whine. She kicked the spider from her body, having it hit the base of a trunk with great velocity. Quickly, she rose to her standard height, walking slowly as if wanting the creature to suffer as it stared before the racing blade. Blood splattered onto the pale ground, the shadow cutting into two parts at the abdomen—the spider was no more as it froze by the tree.
Small puddles formed around the vibrant body before it failed to move a bristle. Glacies scanned the body with great interest, noting the crystalline appearance of the blue surface. But then she heard it, the screams of Sicarius at some distance before her. She lifted her right leg but something prevented her from proceeding—a thin, yet robust string wrapped around her flesh in disapproval. She thrust her foot upwards with greater force, causing the string to slowly cut itself into her skin before releasing its grip. Glacies began running through the forestry, faster and faster until the back of her small dress rose with the racing body. Droplets followed her every path.
Then she saw them, a cluster of the insects crawling towards the others. They began forming a tight circle around the flames Sicarius had carefully cultivated. The flames did not scare the insects; they merely prevented death to appear sooner in their fates. The 20 spiders that bordered the outskirts of the flames lifted their fangs in protest, causing thick drops of spit to fall onto the blue creation. Glacies lifted up her bow, pushing an arrow against the sturdy string at one of the moving beasts.
Sicarius shook her head, finally noticing Glacie’s hidden figure behind a tough trunk. She quickly formed her words in a whisper, but it was already too late, the arrow had been released and there was nothing Sicarius could do to prevent the crowd of insects from racing away from her. “No!” she let out a loud shriek, much chilling than her crawling enemies’.
The arrow quickly struck a scrawny figure as fast as it was released from Glacies’s clutches. It dug deeper into the moving body, the sphere of water that Glacies had formulated slowly eating at its flesh making up the surface of the body. But as the spider slowly fell, the reflection of its eyes did not fail from reflecting the fear shown from afar. Glacies was surely to be bitten, or even worst, die with her immortality at hand.
Glacies stood petrified, her mouth gaping low. “Move you fool!” yelled the king in desperation. The flames rose to his height, but slowly began to dwindle due to the saliva the spider’s had sacrificed.
As if pinched, Glacies turned her body in a brisk movement to avoid the grasp of one of the creature’s claws. Her body hit the ground, yet rose up in a quick flip upon the soft grains. Lifting up her small green dagger, she threatened the spiders should they come nearer. As if obeying, the loathing insects stood their stance away from her. Only the wanting to taste fresh blood caused them to slowly proceed. With a swift movement of her wrist, she sliced a thin leg before the spider quickly thought twice before attacking her once again.
Pushing her hands toward the ground, she created two floating spheres of bright water whirling inches from the tips of her fingers. Noting the closing movement of her blood-thirsty victims, she fiercely spread her arms to her sides. Promptly, the spheres of water spread into droplets of rain covering the ones who had thought themselves victorious. The spiders were much like herself, desiring more of the liquid, but their lives were far more important.
She struck them one by one, failing to notice the several other spiders nearing her vibrant body. They shown like gleaming blue gems, but it was their fluent color that hid what they truly were. Sicarius had been looking at the flames as they lowered to her chest. She slowly lifted up her eyes, her eyelashes drooping down before she stared horribly at the scene before her. “No,” she whispered silently with her awestricken face. She put her hands into the flames, only the palm of her hand did not burn like the rest of her skin. She shook her head in desperation, wishing that the fires would disappear. Why hadn’t Glacies shot an arrow at the fires?
Glacies had smiled, noting the frail bodies of the insects who had attempted to lay their claws and scrape her life. But now they had laid rather motionless, their legs shrunken with the water’s acidity.
Then she felt it, an excruciating pain on the side of her right thigh. The fangs of a devious spider had dug into the soft flesh, not letting go until the task was completed. Glacies stared at the insect that had deprived her dignity. Her vision began to blur. Her head began to dysfunction. And her legs failed to lift up the weakened body as it slowly came down to the spider’s stance.
They crawled around her, hiding her body from the screaming Sicarius. Only the legs stood out, random drips sliding past the knee. She did not let out even a silent scream, but her petrified face, with eyes aglow, showed the horror prior to the event. The spiders continued covering her, moving rapturously along her flesh. Mucus lining their fangs dripped downwards and webs from their abdomens sprang forward in desperation for the killing. They then stopped, moving away from their creation. The body was not as it had appeared, for it was expressionless from all. But yet, it did not seem that the child was dead, for she still held her dagger beneath a thin lining of white fabric.
“Lift your arms upwards! The fire is low enough to jump over,” ordered Sicarius at Invicta. Invicta’s anger had eased; he did as Sicarius asked of him. Stepping onto the firm arms of Invicta, Sicarius jumped high enough to avoid the violent flames. She flipped through the air, her hands briskly touching the surface of the fire before standing before it on the other side. She did not lose one moment to kick one of the insets that had wondered astray. She lifted her weapon, slashing through the flesh in a much more violent manner than before.
Sicarius ran towards the place Glacies’s body had been, but there was no flesh or bones, only the imprint of what had been. A small group of spiders rolled the body away from her grasp. They pushed with their bony arms, continuing to provide mucus on the mummified body. A moist substance caused an eerie sound from afar, a sound that guided Sicarius to the target.
Sicarius hid her body behind the plethora of long trees, moving her body with such blissfulness as to avoid the crunch of a leaf. The spiders were abnormally big for such a hideous insect. They seemed to pose no threat to bigger inhabitants as herself. But yet, as a group they were close to invincible. This is what Sicairus feared. A shadow much larger rose from the small hill, indescribably the mother of the killers.
The eerier noise continued as the offspring of the beast rolled the body towards her steady claws. The tarantula rose up in a dominating stance, lifting her front legs upwards while letting out a wicked cry of victory. The large fangs quickly lowered, feeling the small motionless body. The side protruding limbs patted the body, moving it from side to side as if noting if it would be a spectacular meal.
Sicarius had barely known the girl, but already they had formed a bond. She knew her secret while Glacies did not know herself. There was nothing to it, she had always been open-minded. She stared at her reflection demonstrated on her polished blades, noting the determination illuminating her brightened eyes. With a yell of her own, Sicarius ran up the hill where the tarantula stood smelling the limp meal.
“You shouldn’t have taken her!” Sicarius screamed as if the spider could understand her wordings. She jumped over several of the racing spiders, slashing at a blue gem as it raced towards her in midair. Their thin legs quickly moved across the ground, scratching the sides of her armory with a loud rasp that irritated Sicarius’s ears. As if answering to their calling, Sicarius slashed at the movement around her, blood continuing to splurge like a fountain. The tarantula had moved to another area, racing downwards with the body dangling to its back by a string of webbing. The tarantula, the beast that seemed frightening in appearance, was a coward indeed, leaving her offspring to kill while she relished the recompense.
Sicarius looked for only a second before lowering her back as one of the spiders jumped towards her chest. Her dagger easily sunk into the liquefied sand. More than half of them were dead; the others would be as easy to attack. But the shadows that lurked from the sides seemed degrading. As Sicarius slashed at another claw that gripped her leg in dominance, she caught a purple glow drifting at the corner of her eye.
Briskly frowning, Sicarius slowly turned towards a shadow walking towards the carcasses that lay upon the ground with a sweet dressing upon them. “You’re a little too late,” Sicarius lifted up her right eyebrow in disapproval.
“Not at all. There is more to come. Go rescue your sister. I know who she is. There is no secret in that,” the king stated dismissively. His expression was relaxed. He neither despised the girl nor did he have anything against her.
“How did you come to find out?” questioned Sicarius while striking a sprouting leg from a weak spider. She began walking away, stepping onto the brittle legs that scattered the massacre site.
“Magni let me out on a little secret. Perhaps you will regret giving him life?” the king stated sarcastically. Magni and Invicta walked towards his side, their weapons leaping out at the close shadows.
“I can always end it as quickly as I saved it,” she stated as she ran forward. Her voice did not tremble, nor did it seem as if she had jested. She left the king, Magni, and Invicta to their own struggles in the dark atmosphere as she disappeared behind the skeleton of trees.
“What is all the waiting for?” questioned Fortis desperately as he withdrew his own weapons and ran towards the nearest crawling beast before him.
“That beast can make babies faster than I can say tarantula!” stated Invicta in a serious manner. The sudden phrase made the situation much more awkward than it should have been. But the sudden rush of adrenaline prevented too much thought from being put on the odd wordings. The king had caught the axe he had thrown and released it as soon as he felt the tickle of energy come off from it. The king continued walking as if he were invincible, having the Ring of Immortalis. But all immortals die at some point. Even the word reads “I’m mortal,” a truthful meaning beneath the unreal reality.
The spiders moved aside by the gleaming axe, being cut across the abdomen, through the skull, or even by the thin legs that etched their claws into the dirt. Clusters of the insects continued to appear, racing across the foot of the trees towards the three men. Their eerie noises were heard from afar as they sucked the thick saliva back into their mouths bordered by sharp teeth. Most insects would be seen to only contain a mouth and a pair of menacing fangs, but that was all. These spiders were much different from those in fairy tales. Their teeth were as sharp as the tricorn’s horn and their eyes as penetrating as a drop of black muck. They did not ease to surrender, not even to catch a breath before the shine of the weapons.
Invicta stabbed the nearest spider at its thick skull, causing the exoskeleton around the edges of his spade to transform into a golden substance. Quickly he turned as one of the gruesome figures leapt at his face. He did not think twice before plunging the sword deep into the anticipating throat of his primate. Spinning his sword with great force, he threw the carcass atop the figurines as a warning to not pass.
Magni withdrew a second sword, holding it on his left hand for the right contained the elemental sword of silver. He slashed both of his deathly weapons as if they were one, killing quickly at both his sides. His arm muscles throbbed with ambition as the carcasses were the only remains from the quick movement of his spades. There were far too many of the insects, their scattered bodies almost covering the blanket of silver. Magni threw his arguably worthless sword towards the leaping enemy before him as he spun to face the others. Moving his arm in a wave-like position, he struck the shadows that attempted to push him against the large trunk of an ancient tree.
Magni was far more intelligent than them as he quickly touched the surface of his blade to produce a steady white fire. As he stabbed one, he touched another with the outreaching flames until there were no more to challenge him to another duel. But the spiders continued coming…
Sicarius ran towards the large shadow she urged her eyes to see. It moved strangely through the environment, leaping around the larger of the trees. There was no heart that beat as fast as the breaths of anguish that came forcibly out of the mouth of Sicarius. It was only the blood that circulated around her body that throbbed, sizzled even; this was the adrenaline that continued to push her forward. Her steps only lightly touched the ground as she entered the dominion of the tarantula.
The mother of all her offspring quickly disappeared into a large enough cave to inhabit such a large beast. Her eight legs slowly walked upon the edges of the cave, causing a silent scratching upon the glossy teal surface. A trail of webbing from her abdomen led to a mummified body that dangled lightly as a slave to the queen.
As Sicarius reached the large cave, she held onto the sides to take a large breath before entering. Her body slowly slid downwards with deep relief. The ring had served her well, without it she would have fallen into deep submission long before reaching the home of the deathly stalker. Slowly she rose up, knowing time was precious. But she did not turn towards the deathly hole before realizing that the Shadow of Death only lied a short distance away.
“Time to go,” she whispered to herself. Her words seemed to comfort her as she walked towards the blue darkness. The stones that made up the cave illuminated each step. It was only what lied before her that Sicarius failed to see. Several blue eggs were etched on the ceiling, silently moving back and forth with the offspring’s movements.
And then she saw it, the tarantula moving its ginormous body towards the end of the cavern. The end of the cave spread outwards, forming a room wider than the narrow ‘hallway’. The spider still had not known that her shadow was preceded by another. Sicarius slowly walked around the sides of the cave, careful to hide her figure behind the shadows of her primate. Quickly she cut the thick string of webbing that connected Glacies’s frail body with the abdomen of the beast.
Feeling the webbing being tugged more than it should have, the tarantula quickly looked back, her several eyes scanning the dark environment until she perceived what had happened. Quickly she took off, screaming with great might. The screams of frustration filled the walls of the cave, causing the several eggs to burst in retaliation. Sicarius was already ahead of the tarantula. She had briskly lifted up the mummified body onto her shoulder in hopes that the body still contained any remains of life.
It was quite ironic though. The tarantula that had abducted the child also provided it with life. Now that the webbing was not attached to her body, the beast no longer provided breaths—the body was slowly dying with suffocation. Sicarius ran with an effortless strength, knowing that the body needed breaths to contain a soul. But if she let the body rest upon the ground, it would truly become a grave;the tarantula would not allow her food to be simply upheld from her. Food was scarce in the forbidden land, this might be the last of it.
Sicarius panted while running, her eyes losing their define vibrancy to them. She no longer looked at what was behind her, for she could see only a blur of what was. She winced, falling upon the ground when she heard a familiar growl she had only hoped to hear. But there it was standing firm and tall, possibly more muscular than before. Was is it an illusion from her sickened eyes? She pleaded not.
Hundreds of the spiders moved their skinny little legs across the ground bordered by massive thin trees. They were quite weak, able to be slayed with a quick movement of a weapon. But here they came, faster than before as if teasing the king and the others. “Here they come again. We need a plan,” stated the king, throwing his axe towards the ground. The axe glowed mysteriously as it engraved its teeth in the silvery substance.
“Fight or run?” questioned Invicta as he pushed himself from the tree he was inclining upon.
“The bloody insects will keep coming. If we continue to fight, our weakness will bring death upon us. The Shadow of Death as I know is very near from Sicarius,” asserted Magni as he walked before the king.
“Either way, we need to go through them. Let our force be no different,” stated the king. He walked close to Magni, followed by Invicta at his side. If the three figures were seen from above, it would appear that they were ordinary inhabitants. But in a story such as this one, anything may be possible, especially when magic drifts hopefully in the air. And so it was that the king and the others stepped into the surrounded area of blood-thirsty beasts to fulfill their vital destiny.
Hundreds of the insects scattered around them, their legs providing a steady sound of close death. Invicta kicked the first spider he saw. Wasting no time, he turned around, seeing a soaring spider and cutting it where slow breaths of air clinged to life; their anatomy was not much different than theirs. He stabbed another as it raced by, kicking another at his left side. Having his spade in a heavy limp object, he quickly raised his arm towards the darkness to choke the figure before him. Slowly the blood found its way outwards from the mouth. The blue liquid slowly eased outwards, covering the sharp teeth behind the larger fangs.
But then he felt it, the teeth, or perhaps the fangs, sunk deep into his flesh. At first he only felt the pain throbbing below knees until he slowly fell upon the ground covered with anticipating monsters. Magni, a very short distance away did not hear the breaths of his brother. He turned around, only seeing the king fight off three insects at once with the flying axe. He searched more desperately, his heart palpating with distress.
“Invicta!” Magni yelled with renewed frustration. Fortis looked at Magni with a questioned expression. Deep wrinkles formed on Magni’s face as he continued yelling for the name of the man that failed to show himself.
“The pile!” yelled Fortis while cutting the head of a spider before running towards the cluster of spiders that lay together, hiding the figure underneath. When there is desperation in the hearts of many, it is this that can be the true power seeked.
Magni ran towards the small pile to the side of the tree. He pushed with great force against the insects, slashing violently against their armored bodies. His steps were lined with carcasses as he neared the dome of spiders. He did not stop there. He moved his swords with profound quickness, careful not to stab the body underneath.
Fortis was more concerned with the spiders closing in on them. As a last resort, he snapped his fingers to form a flicker of green flames. Careful not to provide a blast of energy on the ground, he steadily made a circle of fire. The flames were not as long as before, yet they were tall enough to persuade the spiders from entering. The king lifted the carcasses one by one, throwing the dead brothers over the flames.
But then again, the king thought all the spiders were deceased. With the last breaths it had, the spider he held bit him with not the fangs, but the sharp white teeth. Quickly the king dropped the living creature, looking at his hand as several teeth marks surrounded his frail skin. A light stream of blood, thin in appearance, slowly leaked out. This was not something the king could not take. It was merely a bite that weakened him. With an act of anger, the king grabbed the spider by the legs and threw it not across the flames, but in them.
With satisfaction, the king watched as the figure moved desperately to avoid the fire from sinking its flames deep into its flesh. Its legs slowly curled inward as the body disintegrated before the pleasing eyes of the king. He quickly turned around to Invicta and Magni. The body that was covered was not as perfect as it had looked before. Several small cuts bordered his face and hands. The armory, scratched upon, had protected him from the spiders sinking teeth. He did not wake up, however. His body laid frail, no breaths left its mouth as Magni let out a deep yell of hatred.
“Don’t! You stay here,” yelled the king as Magni walked towards the flames, leaving the cold body behind.
“I seek revenge,” whispered Magni with narrowed eyes as he stepped into the flames without pain throbbing about him. He knew Invicta had hated him from the time he had risen from the dead, but it was years that they had formed a strong brotherhood.
The beast leapt before the breathing figure. It lowered its nostrils, smelling the body as if asserting to itself that the figure was in fact the one whom had saved him from the clutches of the sirens. Then it stood boldly where the feet laid sprawled on the ground. It narrowed its eyes, and bared the teeth that protruded outwards. Only a low growl was heard as the beast made it his destiny to defend Sicarius from the reaching tarantula.
The tarantula stopped a short distance away, looking at the growling hyacinth before it. Analyzing the situation, it confirmed that it would proceed in killing the hyacinth as well. It lifted up its furry legs with dominance before running towards the menacing beast defending its mark upon the land. Its eyes moved in different directions as its legs pounced against the gleaming silver ground, only a few drops of vibrant blue blood lined the edges of the threatening eyes as they neared the hyacinth.



Chapter 16

Memories Revealed


Sicarius was unconscious, but was no more after hearing a growl of a beast clash against the scream of another. At first she could only feel the cold ground beneath the palms of her hands, nothing more. She slowly lifted her refusing eyelashes until she saw the scene before her in a slanted view. She only stared in her immobile stance with a deep frown covering most of her face. The frown was quickly rid of as she formed a snickering smile, for she knew of the hyacinth’s power.
Once she had been so cunningly unpetrified with the quick stab of the emerald dagger pertaining to Glacies, she had felt a profound vertigo come about her. Her vision seemed to have left her, her head moving from side to side in utter confusion and frustration until she had seen the light before the cracks of the doorway she had voluntarily come through. She had known then that Glacies’s sisters were not far from the only exit in the room.
“Sunt es hic They’re here,” Sicarius had stated to a dumb-founded Glacies.
Glacies had only looked upon her dazed eyes with no answer until she slowly opened her mouth in her dreamy stance. “Forte posset et elicere eos Perhaps I could go out and lure them…” Glacies had started to state. But the voices of the siren’s, high-pitched as they were, had dominated any ideas that came to mind.
“Scimus es in illic princeps mea, cum nostris pristine sororem sicut bene. Ne tu forte non nunc. Muris vicina, finem habet carminibus, et scio tela in gustu frueris We know you’re in there my princess, with our pristine sister as well. There is no chance for you to escape now. The walls are bordered, magic has its limits, and we have weapons I am sure you will enjoy in the tasting!” one of them had screamed out, the voice filling the small room with loathe.
Sicarius had scanned the small room, noting the bags of mucus that hung from the ceiling. “Et Magni And Magni?” she had questioned silently, knowing all too well that she was stabbed by the touch of his sword. Glacies had only shaken her head in discomfort. The room was dark, the walls falling down like drapes of dried blood with only a small amount of light coming off from the sacks in which other offspring of the sirens slept no more.
“Consurge Awake!” Pulmonora had screamed with dissension. Her voice was quickly followed by a single note at the end. Slowly a melody had formed, causing what was once asleep to awaken for the taking.
“Sunt Expergefactus They are awakening,” Glacies had stated, her eyes bearing the horror entrapped in her dark pupils.
Sicarius had scraped both of her precious daggers against each other. She gently had blown on her fingers to cause small flames to border the sharp blades. Glacies had seen her power. Quickly motioning her hands on the reflection of her fear, she caused the flames to transform into a glow of pure liquid. Bubbles began forming as small droplets fell upon the ground. And then it began, the large bodies inside the tight sacks had begun moving vigorously, causing the sacks to expand like an elastic substance. First the arms had protruded outwards; a thin shade of grey bordered the surface of the skin. The nails had quickly cut the thin membrane, exposing the heads of the deathly figures that had been hidden for a time being.
More than a dozen began moving around the room. They glowed as their mouths bared the sharp teeth that had always formed in their ancestors.
“Oportet esse Sicarius You must be Sicarius,” one of them had said. She was similar to Pulmonora, thin fragments of red hair running along the surface of her almost bare skull. Their monster stance seemed awfully unappealing, causing Sicarius to cringe her mouth in disgust. 
“Quod ego sum. Quis prorsus non esse. Forte an foedius figura quam Pulmonora, vel eius magna amita? Ego deprecarentur in progressus si sum non rectam That I am. I can’t quite tell who you are. Possibly an uglier figure than Pulmonora, or perhaps her great aunt? I apologize in advance if I am not correct,” Sicarius had snickered.
“Putas tu dominaberis terram potes! Erras enim arcu erit extrema You think you have dominated the land with your power! You are wrong, for tonight it will be the end of you!” the siren had stated with great hatred as she slowly approached Sicarius and Glacies, Glacies who had walked in back of Sicarius’s bold figure.
“Ergo oportet ante quam interficere cogitans Well then, you must start planning on how to kill me,” Sicarius had answered as she grabbed Glacies’s hand, pulling her towards the staircase and into the room they had been in before walking past the large black doorway. The steps behind them did not ease, their approaching movement causing a deep dread even when hope was still at the rise.
The door was promptly kicked open. It was not the sirens who had forced the door to break off its hinges as it crashed against the black stones. The sirens had looked quite mystified by the quick appearance of Sicarius. Nevertheless, they smiled with their evilosity that had yet to drip down like honey from their tampered souls. “Dignum exitum iterum. Te Feror off, tamen ad y manu. Finis vitae sed facile observo Prorsus. Qui cognoverunt quod Sicarius utinam hospes Such a close meet once again. You drift off, yet you return to my clutches. It is easy to note that your life will end rather drastically. Who would have known that Sicarius would our guest?” Pulmonora had looked onto Viviorque’s wicked face.
“Quae utique numquam futurum. Ipsa est tandem! Non ante peccatum eadem soror. Dissipabit non tempus et occidere iam nunc Of course we never thought such things would happen. Yet she is here at last! Let us not make the same mistake as before, sister. Waste no time and kill her now!” the blonde siren had screamed with full delight. The statues sprung forwards, exposing their weapons before the two figures.
“Est tantum fata finem It is only your fates that will end,” Sicarius had asserted as she exposed her own weapon before her. Glacies hid behind Sicarius. It was not certain whether she was afraid of her older sisters or if it was merely an embarrassment for herself to form an alliance with an enemy of her kind.
The sirens stared in shock, they did not believe what was hidden between Sicarius’s fingers, for it was the weapon they had planned to destroy her with. The whip bore its fulfilling bright colors, the electricity wrapping itself along the surface as Sicarius wasted no time in pulling the whip backwards to gain enough force to unleash her wrath.
“Non potest esse! Stulte, tu fecisti cum ea non viderunt, telis It cannot be! You fool, you must have not seen her when you brought the weapons!” Viviorque had screamed at her sister, her mouth gaping widely with anger. She whipped out her own weapon, causing the whip to quickly move its sharp needle towards Sicarius. Both whips hit against each other, the current racing from one weapon to another.
“Tamen nescit uti Yet, she knows not how to use it,” stated Pulmonora, ignoring her sister’s quick remark. She had smiled briefly before slashing her own whip with rhythm towards the other whips. It seemed to be a match of tug and war between Sicarius and Viviorque, but as Pulmonora’s whip drew near the primate, Sicarius had no option but to release the only weapon that may have provoked the sirens to prologue her stay.
“Movere puer Move it child!” screamed the red-headed siren behind Glacies. The siren had lifted her frail arms in protest. Glacies had withdrawn her small blade, holding it in a threatening manner. She could not kill her own kind, it was something that she would be unwilling to live with. Her sister’s hearts were much different from hers, but did it also entitle her to their killing? She hoped not, for if it was thus; it was something she would not bear in completing.
“Nos parta iam nunc We have won her now!” screamed Pulmonora with anxiety for the killing. She had moved her steady arms as if attempting to grab the breathing figure before her. The statues only watched, not wincing until commanded. Pulmonora brought her whip backwards once again as Sicarius withdrew her ancient blades. “Non fallere me Do not deceive me!” Pulmonora had yelled as her weapon soared into the air, wrapping its arm around the body of Sicarius. There was no way to avoid such a blow, for Glacies was behind her and if she had pushed her body downwards, Glacies would have certainly tasted the sufferance the weapon yielded.
The silver blood that ran underneath the superficial surface, throbbed with pain as her body was slowly being compacted. The sirens only stared with wickedness, waiting for the body to kneel down before them. The current that traveled along the spiral whip vibrated intensely as Sicarius stared to what was in front of her with a bold figure. A steady frown formed above her vibrant eyes, but even then she did not show any signs of suffering. Perhaps this was how Sicarius had always won in the past; her enemies would become tired of waiting…waiting for what? The taste of her blood? A boar runs throughout the valleys, yet her enemies do not strive to cut its throat. Perhaps it was only the feeling of killing one greater than itself?
The sirens began to look confused, knowing that by now the body would have been without soul. “Immortalis est enim dicunt She is truly immortal as they say!” whispered Viviorque to her sister.
“Prohibere eam Stop it!” screamed Glacies in desperation. Her face was closely as pale as the bubbles forming on the outskirts of the castle. She seemed close to crying, but she did not shed even one tear before Sicarius’s misery.
“Nescis, puer, bello sic dictus fuerit quod frater vester slayed? Dico tibi verum, per muros laborat fetor sanguinis Do you not know, child, that this so-called warrior has slayed your brother and sister? I tell you the truth, the stench of blood circulates along the walls,” stated the siren behind the doorway. Her thin strands of ruby hair did not move a whisper as she stared with great interest at Sicarius’s miserable body. She began to laugh, the sound escalating from her croaking throat to a high-pitched appalling sound. The sudden sound was quickly ended, not by the quick slay of the sword, but by the sight of a jumping figure of luminescent blue.
Noticing the whip had loosened around her body, Sicarius pulled herself out of the entangled weapon. Quickly she had thrust the whip towards the wall, causing it to fall out of reach of the sirens. Pulmonora stared in shock, not at the whips that had fallen from her grasp, but at the beast that she had once been master of. “Hoc bestia non fatuus cum passiones. Fuimus domino. Nunc non repugnant. Cithara, soror Let this beast not fool with your emotions. We have always been its master. It will not defy us now. The harp, my sister,” stated Viviorque as she motioned her hand for her sister to yield her a harp. Her bony fingers moved through the strings with rapidity, as she sang a soft song of torture.
The hyacinth had slowly moved around the small group, bearing its long fangs that protruded outwards in a threatening manner. A loud croaking sound came from its throat, a sound more deathly than the silence of death itself. Viviorque smiled before stating the next line of her wicked song. The blue that had once been opaque along the furry body of the creature began to release more of its color—the color of pure blood. Not realizing the pain it was supposed to bore, the hyacinth had continued with his stalking stance, stepping onto a rug of deep blue that sparkled before each step.
Sicarius had only looked onward. She looked upwards, her eyes scanning the surface of the walls. She smiled to herself, knowing that the force the ruler of the castle had created had vanished, flickering to inexistence. This was what her patient figure had waited upon. “Est tempus (It is time),” whispered Sicarius onto Glacies’s ear. Her moistened lips had quivered as she slowly lifted her glowing eyes towards the sirens. Her mouth gaped open with rage, her teeth just as cunning. She kicked the weak siren that had come from down below, their frail figures disappearing down the steps and back into the room in which they were born earlier than they were due. Now it was only between Sicarius, the sirens, and the menacing statues. It would be a challenge Sicarius would call the victory upon.
“Quid stare cum est expendisse mea genus? Occidere Sicarius! Non occides sororem nostram quae est in statu nullius Why do you stand there when she is overruling my kind? Kill Sicarius! Do not kill our sister, for she is still in her unconscious state,” screamed Pulmonora as she pointed her ominous finger at her prime enemy. Sicarius was already a position ahead, running towards the statues themselves. Scythes dug deep into the watered down air, failing to strike the racing body that had fallen onto the ground in a sliding manner. Sicarius had slid between the legs of one of the giant statues. Its eyes scanned the interior of the castle, not knowing that Sicarius had already grabbed the whips as she slid underneath his body. Quickly, Sicarius had binded the legs of the tall statue, causing him to stumble in his steps and crash onto the black tiles that showed his true imaginings of becoming free of the sirens’ ruling. Several pieces that had once been fixed together to compose the majestic figure now lay sprawled onto the ground.
“Adepto eam Get her!” yelled Pulmonora as the stealthy song proceeded with far more rapidity than before. The hyacinth began lowering its legs to the ground. Its menacing face transformed into one of a weak, yet determined beast. Sicarius had grabbed onto the stick of a scythe, pulling herself outwards a short distance from the golden innocent weapon. She kicked it, causing her body to fall besides the harp. Her body tumbled, causing her to rise up as fast as she had fallen. She breathed one last breath before turning towards the arrow that was released before she had fully turned around. Swiftly she turned, grabbing the arrow with both her hands, only inches away from her beating chest. She had smiled stealthily, her black bangs falling down across her mischievous eyes.
Pulmonora had only stared, smiling with annoyance. Glacies had withdrawn her own harp, playing a soft tune of reawakening. Her voice was hardly heard through the echoing underwater castle, but it could not be mistaken that her words produced great power. The hyacinth began alleviating, slowly wriggling its body from its dormant stance. Its eyelids opened with obliviousness. The haughty eyeballs moved profoundly in a circular position until noting the body of Sicarius as she sliced through the arm of a close statue. Thin cracks formed along the surface, almost unnoticeable with the naked eye. But still the microscopic crevices were there, allowing the arm that had once contained a vital weapon to slowly crash with the other broken statues.
“Satis Enough!” shrieked Pulmonora, her eyes bearing the truth behind her false devine body. She slowly walked towards Sicarius, holding up her hand as to block the arrow that was thrown to her. Swiveling the newly caught weapon, the golden arrow quickly disappeared from existence. Only a small golden color, the color of the tip of the weapon, was seen as it shined in a circular menacing pattern. “Princeps mea, oblitus quod viribus operari in aqua profundum My princess, you forget that my powers work in the water’s depths,” stated Pulmonora as she neared the aware Sicarius.
Sicarius walked towards the flowing figure in front, “Tunc scitote quia me maleficio aliquam. Numquam ego admodum usus est magica per vita mea. Ita nunc gaudeo mihi causam Then you also know that I have a little enchantment myself. I never quite used magic throughout my life. In a way I'm glad I have a purpose for it now.”
Pulmonora had only smiled peculiarly. Her haughty eyes widened with disapproval as she faced Sicarius with a threatening position, their eyes only inches away from eachother. Who would strike first? Would it be the vile Pulmonora or the feisty Sicarius? Viviorque snapped her fingers pervasively. “Ad parte soror mea To the side, my sister!” whispered Viviorque in a manner in which only Pulmonora could hear. Sicarius lifted her dagger, slashing against the ruby haired figure. Pulmonora quickly lowered her hand towards the ground, lifting her leg to kick Sicarius farther from her.
Silent words sprang from the mouth of Viviorque, her hair floating upwards as if water was enveloped along her body. The ground began to shake; the small pieces of stone vibrated with the force of the black tiles making up the floor. Slowly the sharp pieces of stone began to rise around them, faster and faster until the fragments nearly touched the clear dome above.
“Est tempus. Dimittere ira It is time. Release your wrath!” shrieked Pulmonora as she grabbed Viviorque, pulling her to the room in which Glacies boldly stood. But Glacies’s threatening stance was not enough to push her sisters away. Pulmonora had simply pressed her cold hands onto Glacies’s face until all three were safely hidden in the dark room. Pulmonora grabbed the child, forcing her to see by wrapping her fingers along her quivering eyes. The small sharp pieces swiveled in the air, pointing directly at the confused figure below. Viviorque and Pulmonora watched in anticipation as the sharp fragments began falling. They felt the force as it increased steadily from the height above. It was nearly impossible for Sicarius to evade such misfortune.
She rose up slowly, looking upon her dust-covered blades until she saw a musty reflection of what was to come. The pieces were merely half ways, no time to spare. The hyacinth and herself were in the same situation, trapped in a dome of sharp stone. They would be stoned anytime soon unless…perhaps they could escape to the waters.
As if noting the thoughts of Sicarius, the hyacinth had let out a large growl as he kneeled before the recently befriended woman. Sicarius’s black cloak flew along the creature’s body and was quickly lifted up as the beast’s legs moved vigorously along the black stones. Pulmonora smiled all the more, not the least depressed of Sicarius’s quick acts of survival. A steady laugh seemed to echo through the immense hallway. Sicarius tightened her grip on the blue fur, only turning her head for a mere second to note what was to come. She was unsure if she liked the outcome; she bit her lip until it was bruised. The thin fragments of stone had not crashed against the black tiles as she had thought. Instead of hearing such a strong force, she had heard the lightly clashing of the dangerous pieces as they quickly followed the hyacinth and herself to their disposal. The wicked figures of the sirens were shown as smiles of close death. The hyacinth was far smarter than the deathly shattered pieces; the beast quickly touched the slick wall of the castle, jumping off of it as the sharp rubbles clashed against the wall, nearing their bodies.
Sicarius had lowered her head, slowly whispering into the gliding ear. The vampire had known that creatures such as this one understood the inhabitant language so long as it could not speak it. The neck of the figure tightened as the thick blood pulsed in the warm muscle fibers of the beast. The fragments that had only formed a cloud behind them now began to take the appearance of the siren ruler himself. The long arm began reaching towards them, the index finger being the taker of life.
Swiftly the legs of the hyacinth moved, seemingly swelling with ambivalence. A thick drool leapt out the sides of his mouth, slowly dripping from the large canines that sprouted like daggers outside his ample jaws. A steady breath pulsated as he lowered his head nearing the passageway.
It was quite of a bewilderment to the sirens. They had thought the daggers of stone would quickly cling onto their bodies, digging deeper into their flesh until their floating bodies eased on a puddle of shining blood. But it was not to be. The sirens had smiled, yet their brief facial expression ceased from existing as they glared with horror. Quickly they shut the doors, their harps a long ways away from creating a sound of force. But since the hinges were broken, it only created a force upon themselves. Quickly, they dropped the wooden piece, running swiftly down the steps and into the room of frail sirens. They pulled Glacies forward, her feet being dragged with deep regret—her harp had lain up above.
The fangs of Sicarius sprouted as they neared the entrance. Quickly she grabbed onto the door frame, dropping behind the hyacinth’s shadow. The broken pieces did not lower their pace. Sicarius grabbed the door with ease, positioning it in front of the open space. Feeling her hands along the door, she knew there were still small gaps that could not be covered. Sharp small fragments of the statues raided her fingers, causing blood to trickle downward. She tasted her fresh blood, closing her eyes with approval.
“Quam nos, non multum You are not much different than us,” whispered a sound below. Sicarius quickly looked downwards. The hyacinth brushed its mighty tail onto the ground, growling as it sensed the siren lay across the ground.
Sicarius had walked towards the limp siren who portrayed a weak image of Pulmonora. The woman began to laugh the same way she had before, her cry escalating throughout the silent room. “Vale ad vos Goodbye to you too,” Sicarius stated after a long silence. She grabbed the handles of the door, pushing the left side outwards and the right side inwards as to block herself from the racing daggers of ceramic. The pieces of stone did not wait for approval as they raced into the room, piercing the first figure they saw fit—the red headed snarling siren. She stayed petrified in her frail position, not refusing the quick injections of the stone daggers sinking deeper into her flesh.
Sicarius frowned at the sight, not able to bear the thought that she was not much different as the siren assassins. She pushed the door, causing it to hit against the glass that formed the castle walls. It did not break, for the water’s force was far greater than the blow from the interior. She walked down the steps forming the entrance of the breeding room. She did not wait for Glacies to come out, for she had known that she was her sister. Her father had fought for the land as she had—a tradition in their long list of families. Perhaps, Glacies was merely an offspring of him as he crossed the forbidden lands to seek a powerful magic to create the ark that was so well protected by the blue spirits she had seen on the ship.
It had been several years since she had seen the crevices that made up the carvings of such a peculiar piece of enchantment. Not even she knew what laid inside, only the kings righteous enough were able to lay hands on such artwork. Her father had held her by his side as a child, as a monster, and through the many wars until he was no more. Yet he did not mention her name on the scroll for those important enough to lay eyes upon his creation. Several rumors stated that only a small vile lay inside, a vile that contained the knowledge of all. Other rumors stated that a seed lay inside giving the fruit of immortality, a fruit no one had laid their hands upon after the great elders had banished them along with their lives. Still yet, rumors stated that time could be controlled by a simple masterpiece. It was not sure what lay inside, but it was all too certain that it was something of importance since all the rulers who had attempted to peer inside did not lay one finger on the object.
She had tasted a drop of Glacies’s blood. It was only one drop that had fallen from her elbow, a drop she had caught with her quick fingers. She had slowly lifted the finger, peering into the blood juice until she finally laid it upon her impatient tongue. A sourness was felt along the edges of her gums, but nevertheless it was a bitterness that had power. Only a small glimpse came from the drop, the glimpse of her father in the same situation as Magni. He had been inside the mucus membrane for an eternity until one saved him at all costs. Glacies had looked above at her petrified father. Oddly she had saved him as well, cutting the sack with great force. The body had quickly fallen upon the pool of thick blue mucus that had contained him in the sack. Because of this, Sicarius would entrust her sister, biting her to contain her soul as it was. But Glacies did not come, and Sicarius was not about to return.
The hyacinth stood by her side as Sicarius slowly walked through the ample hallway. She had opened the castle door, not wanting to swim from the ceiling above in fear that a new power was in the making. The doors opened with the slightest touch, displaying another part of the castle by which the king sat with his back on Sicarius.
Sicarius attempted to close the door, but they refused to let the sight of the king to be no more. She positioned her back against the wall, in hopes that the king had not sensed her presence, a hope far from reality. “Veni foras Sicarius Come forth Sicarius,” the lord of the sirens stated, his voice echoing throughout the long hall. He had not turned from his position in the middle of the ample hall. Sicarius shook her head in refusal, but nevertheless walked upon the tiles with regret. A reflection of blue illuminated the room, shining from the glass with increased velocity.
Sicarius walked in front of the large chair, kneeling down at the ruler before her. “Ego certo mea filiae fruendum parvulus comitatu I'm sure my daughters have enjoyed your little company,” he had stated. His eyes shown like white glass and the wrinkles on his face shown like waves on a shoreline. Sicarius did not respond, only lifting up her body to peer into the kings foreseeing eyes.
“Cur non te occidet? Est praemium possidebitis quod prohibet mortem ante me Why do I not kill you here? It is the prize you possess that prevents your death before me,” he spoke once again.
Sicarius smiled peculiarly, “Si quaeris in arca, non est aliquid daret. Non etiam rex scit ubi residet. Semel vidit, deinde iterum. Cecidit a supra. Absconderunt et rursum certo spiritus If it is the ark you seek, it is something I cannot give. Not even the king knows where it resides. He saw it only once, then a second time. It fell from above. I am certain the spirits have hid it once again.”
The ruler lifted up his trident, clashing it against the floor with his wrath. “Vos Impono vestri own patruus You trick your own uncle?” he stated with innocence upon his face.
“Vos tradidit meis. Nihil possum facere vobis. Etiam non videtur talis palmarius, esse filia You have betrayed my family. There is nothing I can do for you. Even I have not seen such masterpiece, being her daughter!” Sicarius screamed through the room. She spun her daggers before walking towards the open doors.
“Nos certe obviam iterum We will certainly meet once again,” the majesty had stated once again, a whisper Sicarius may have not heard. He did not attempt to kill her, not because she was a ‘relative,’ but because she contained powers he had not seen in any vampire of her kind. Pulmonora walked towards the king, knowing Sicarius had descended.
“Illa 'vestri neptis (She's your niece)?” she questioned.
“Frater esset patris mei amplius. Non licet sanguinis credidit. Orta amicitia meam creaturam, non vides (Her father was like a brother to me, nothing more. She is not of my blood, though she believes it. My creation broke our friendship, do you not see)?” he stated as Pulmonora wrapped her arms around her father.
She whispered into his ear, “Glacies se ha aventurado fuera de ella Glacies has ventured off with her.”
“Fortasse omnia non est amittitur. Illa revertar, loquens ad me universum quid Sicarius videt Perhaps all is not lost. She will return, speaking to me all of what Sicarius sees!” yelled Mortalis of Aquas, lifting up his trident in triumph.
Sicarius had swum to the surface of the stream, eager to escape her uncle’s domain. She had pressed her hands onto the hyacinth’s back, enabling it to breathe under the surface of the water. There she had seen Glacies atop a rock, her chest beating uncontrollably for she was too young to breathe the contaminated air from afar. It was then that Sicarius leapt behind the shivering figure, dragging her into the depths of the stream. She bit her at the most tender area of the body—the neck in which her mouth quickly formed along the crevice. Glacies had moved her arms violently as if she could not breathe under the calm waves above. But it was certainly this she could not do, for Sicarius entrusted her with a power to breathe when water was not present.



Chapter 17

Within the Shadow of Death


Sicarius slowly lifted up her head, the thoughts quickly racing through her mind. It had only taken a few seconds for her to remember what had happened, what was in the present, and what was certainly to come. She promptly rolled the embalmed body as the hyacinth defended her position with disdain. She drew her blade, dragging it against the multitude of webbing wrapped around the weak and cold body. As she pulled back the white linen, a cold face with petrified wide eyes greeted her with vengeance. No longer did it appear that there was life in the body, for as Sicairus touched the lips of the limp figure, a chilly feeling enwrapped around her flesh. Death was cold itself.
She screamed uncontrollably, pounding the body as if to awaken it. But it was no more, for the last breaths of air had drifted off from her cold mouth. If Sicarius had moved faster, perhaps Glacies would be breathing. Perhaps if she had not brought her along, Glacies would not have died. Or even perhaps if she had not cut the webbing that had been attached to the beast lurking before her, Glacies would have continued feeding on her kill. Immortality was useless. Even without the heart beating profusely, the soul could be taken as swiftly as the heart had been plucked out.
The hyacinth leapt onto the clawing spider with precision, evading the arms that attempted to sink its sharp endings into the fresh flesh on top of her. She screamed with anticipation as the hyacinth continued leaping away from death. Noticing the spider’s weakness, the hyacinth swiftly grabbed onto one of the legs, sinking its own pair of canines into the crisp armory wrapped around the beating meat inside. The fur around the quick legs began to be covered with its own makings. The spider failed to heal itself as several other animals were able to. It only had its stalking children to call upon, many of which had begun racing out of the cave’s mouth.
The king looked upon Invicta’s petrified eyes, feeling slightly uncomfortable at the sight. But he did not feel the stench of death lurking around him as he had on the battle fields against the dark spirits that wandered throughout the land. In those times he would feel a profound coldness grip his arms, digging its chilly nails deep into his versatile flesh. Still he did not feel it. He lowered his body, feeling the two holes in which the fangs of a given spider caused its prey to lay like stone. The deep grooves no longer bled, only thick mucus of nearly dried blood bordered the interior of the tunnels. Then there was a throb, a pulse. No it was much more, the life that had thought lost had returned.
“Magni! Your brother, he breathes!” Fortis yelled over the small noises of agony coming from the small creatures lying upon the ground.
Magni continued stabbing the creatures with great hate shown upon his face. As he stuck his sword into one, his eyes brightened before he motioned the blade of his sword towards his back. He did not turn his body to see his primate die with sufferance put upon it. There was no need, since he already knew what would become. With every step he took, blood did not ease to grasp itself on the bottom of his feet as a last resort to put suffering upon his soul. Pieces of the insects’ body scattered the terrestrial environment. Legs bordered the trees, abdomens dug themselves into the soft ground, and the heads stood out enough for the eyes to be seen from afar. At last the task was accomplished, but was it? For life had no end of misery.
Magni placed his sword to his side as he quickly walked towards the gleaming flames. Each footstep sounded with the puddles of blood lying in his path. “Brother, tell me, how do you feel?” he stated as he approached the outreaching blazes. His figure stood as a shadow before the glow.
“I am doing fine brother. I hope Sicarius did not bite me already!” yelled Invicta at the brink of coughing. His face showed frail, but nevertheless alive than before. His chest beat faster, causing his course breaths to be heard even with the loud shrieks from afar.
“Sicarius!” Magni yelled as he turned in the direction in which the sound rang through the trunks of the trees.
“Go Magni. The Shadow of Death does not lie far. Invicta and I will make our way in that direction. Do the same,” ordered the king as he took hold of Invicta’s shoulders against his mighty chest in an attempt to bring him to his feet. Invicta’s legs throbbed with pain which was clearly shown from his agitated face. Droplets of sweat began rising to the surface of his scalp and skin, sliding downwards with the gravity’s force. The flames began dwindling into the dirt’s depth, causing only smoke to rise. 
Magni put his arm around Invicta’s shoulder, “Stay alive won’t you?” he stated before he ran towards the scene of which the loud outcry rang.
Invicta put his arm around the king’s neck in an effort to move his body only one step further. With each slight movement, the pain continued to scorch its way throughout his flesh. Still he attempted to precede, the Shadow of Death almost visible within the light fog. Slowly the king and Invicta meandered through the dark environment, their figurines disappearing in the thin haze.
Sicarius lifted up the body with both her hands, scraping off the excess amount of the spider’s webbing. Disgusted by the tackiness, she brushed her hand onto her armory. Sicarius looked backwards; the hyacinth was weakening along with its enemy. The beast continued to drool in grand amounts, the flow of spit bubbling with vigor, a life no longer seen in the fleecy creature. The small spiders were slowly making their way around their mother, salivating blood from the figure ahead of them. Sicarius knew the battle would be endless, that time came with a price. She ran towards the smaller spiders, running swiftly around the mother. With a loud scream Sicarius called the hyacinth as she stared into the several eyes watching her with eagerness for a taste of her ripe blood.
The hyacinth lifted up its hind legs before letting out a loud growl that vibrated every cell of the body. The fur moved steadily with the swift movement of the body as it jumped from the hirsute abdomen of the spider and onto the soft bland ground. Quickly, Sicarius moved her left leg onto the other side of the body, kicking off of the ground as the hyacinth pushed off underneath to avoid the quick shiny fangs before them. The small spider missed, gliding into the air and onto an innocent tree. It bared its fangs into the trees hardened flesh until the bold figure began to limp downwards.
Sicarius looked back only once, her black cloak concealing her shadow. The spiders’ legs quickly raced down the small hill before them, nearing the abrasive breathing underneath. Sicarius withdrew her weapons once again, knowing that hope was over far too quickly. She stared into the many eyes searching for her heart. She did not possess what they wanted, only death if they pleaded for it. She hit both her blades against each other, causing sparks to form at the edges as she balanced herself. It was clear that she was mocking the smaller beasts following her path until one of them reached the hind legs of the hyacinth. Stealthily, Sicarius slashed at the skull, missing it by mere movement. Again she tried, not only cutting the skull, but also the legs that wrapped around it in misery. The body fell, only to be trampled by the livelier of the creatures.
“Test me!” Sicarius screamed through the darkness as more of the creatures raced from odd corners. The Shadow of Death was close enough to breathe the strong stench of carcasses. Slowly, the rather large nostrils of the hyacinth became concentrated with the odor, causing him to growl at the invisible element. Several of the spiders’ carcasses spread across their sides as more of the living insects continued coming.
The fangs of a spider gaped open before Sicarius until the spider leapt upwards. Its eyes thirsted for something much alive. The eyes shown a definite determination to sink its prime weapons into thick flesh to relish the liquid hidden inside. Sicarius widened her eyes in hatred, her pupils brightening in defeat. But defeat was long lost as she jumped backwards from the hyacinth’s back.
“Do not stop,” she whispered before her back fell onto the hard ground, causing a profound amount of dust to be lifted from its settlement. Her hair, moistened by a rush of sweat, lightly brushed the ground as it glistened before the rush of bony legs coming towards her. She looked towards the hyacinth’s shadow, noting the petrified body grasped to its side. She had never removed the bindings when she had released the hyacinth from her command. They had served a purpose. The two hearts had continued beating once again as they clung to the side. The seed essentially containing the queen’s life was safe even in the darkness.
Sicarius felt her head, moistening her hands as she glared at her blade beneath her rested hand. She rose up, slashing at the skinny legs that attempted to grab her thigh. A thick liquid did not fail from spewing upon her armory. Yet, she did not move. She only heard the immense amount of insects making their way towards her. She rose up, a large amount of chilliness wrapping around the bare parts of her body. The branches to her sides were far higher than she had anticipated. Their thin trunks scorched fury to her chest. She pulled her hair back, pushing the thin strands of blackness with her sharp finger nails.
She could not outrun them. She could not avoid them. Fighting was the only way. She slowly lifted up her head as she saw the multitude slowly moving around the circular patch in which she stood. Sicarius ran the blade through the skull of the nearest spider, splitting the body into two. The legs briskly moved dramatically until they froze in their position. She kicked one as it lifted up its front legs as if pushing her towards a deathly fate. Slowly they squeezed around her, tightening the circle that had once let her breathe.
“Need the help, I see?” a question was asked. It was not clear where the silent, yet strong sound came from. Sicarius did not keep her eyes off the violent figurines as she bore her blade deep into their throats. Their sounds of suffering did not cause the others to end their battle, however. Instead it encouraged them to proceed to a similar fate.
There was only one second for Sicarius to raise her left eyebrow in confusion, for she already knew who it was, but where he was was a mystery on its own. Slowly the thin and sharp legs of a spider dug into her leg in an effort to have her fall ever so brusquely onto the ground contaminated with the gruesome insects. The legs of her dominator were composed of sturdy sharp bristles of bone scraping the inner surface of her flesh.
Sicarius made an effort to crawl from the raging fangs, avoiding the deathly teeth from puncturing her skin. She turned around, knowing she could not move forward. The crowd of spiders only stared around her. They did not move further towards her nor did they gape their fangs at her. They only watched. This was what frightened Sicarius the most.
She briskly turned, slashing at the thin and scrawny leg of a spider. The blood did not splatter around her blade, however. A new weapon was introduced to the scene, the one to which Sicarius clanged her blade against, causing a metallic sound to move through the darkness. Sicarius looked upwards without the slightest emotion on her face. Looking onto the shadow, she smiled with contempt as she saw the face of Magni at her defense.
Her lips pursed, becoming slightly moistened by a new emotion. She frowned. Nevertheless, she stated, “I could have fought them all myself.”
“I do not doubt that. Yet, you cannot say you could not have used the help,” Magni stated boldly, holding her hand in an attempt to lift her body to his side.
Yet, she did not use the hand to push her body upwards in a standing position. Instead, she withdrew her pale strings of flesh, brushing them on her armory before standing up. She did not face her savior; instead, she walked away, having her back face Magni. Magni slightly rolled his eyes, “Women.”
He strolled to the other edge of the circle, pushing his spade through the several bodies that despite the scene, continued exposing their fangs for a new kill. “We need to abort! The king and Invicta are waiting for us at the Shadow of Death. We are nearly there.”
Sicarius turned back, slightly annoyed as she stuffed her blades into the abdomen of a near spider. “If we run away in a cowardice manner, we will only lead the spiders towards the king himself!” she screamed desperately. Only slightly looking up at the small hill she had crossed, Sicarius watched as clumps of dirt dropped at their own disposal. A large shadow rose up, eyeing all that was.
The mother tarantula began moving its thick furry legs down the hillside, causing the branches of the trees to shake before being tossed like twigs towards the sides. “On second thought, we have no choice but to cross the Shadow of Death before the spiders reach it,” Sicarius justified Magni’s decision.
Quickly Magni grabbed Sicarius’s arm, kicking one of the spiders before him as they swiftly ran through the hillside of outreaching arms—the branches overhead. The Shadow of Death was nothing more than a stream, one that was slightly thinner than the one inhabited by the sirens. There were significant differences between both streams. While the stream of the sirens’ hid the truth beneath the slow waves, the Shadow of Death made no attempt to hide the spirits beneath its green surface. It was said that within time the spirits could return to their bodies, only if the time was kept from pacing away. Such things needed to be done delicately.
“Only a few footsteps more,” yelled Magni, though his breaths were raspy.
Sicarius bit her lip, “I have eyes as much as you do!” Sicarius looked back to see the larger of the spiders lingering closer to them. Her offspring followed behind her quick steps, moving to the side as to avoid the crush of her furry legs. A small dark boat slowly moved through the waves ahead of them. Sicarius frowned at the moving figure before her. The skull at the front of the small boat smiled all the more, its red jewels brightening in its eye sockets. Magni and Sicarius stared at each other for only a moment. It was not a look of affection that brought their eyes close together; it was one of horror and dread.
They looked at their surroundings hoping to find the king ready to end their doom. But there was no king there, or Invicta for that matter. Rather large prints bordered the shoreline of the stream, heading towards the right. Sicarius squinted before slightly smiling as she saw the hyacinth moving towards her with three shadows atop it. It seemed rather a lot of weight to bear in one run, but the hyacinth was mighty enough to overcome the burden. Sicarius’s smile turned into one of thought, for she knew that a cold body lay upon the furry figure.
“What is it Sicarius?” Invicta asked slightly agitated.
“The girl. She is dead,” Sicarius stated faintly.
Invicta looked upon the ground. There was nothing to say or do, only wait. It became a race between the spiders and the hyacinth as they both neared the petrified figure, each with their withdrawn weapons. The hyacinth lifted its hind legs in a rapid movement while the larger of the spiders jumped vigorously towards its primate.
It was too obvious that beneath the small cloud of dirt that surrounded the area, the spiders were succeeding. Sicarius spun her daggers to her side, too quick to slice through her own flesh. Invicta held his spade in front of him, his eyes perplexed on the cloud before him. But rather ironically, the obvious was oblivious of what was to happen. Loud screams were heard behind the curtain of dust. Raspy throats yelled for a close revenge where there was not. Invicta relaxed his shoulders, yet he clung to the hilt of his sword for any expectations. Sicarius narrowed her eyes in an attempt to perceive the scene before her.
Large fangs, much more colossal than the curved husks of the tarantula, sunk deep into the flesh of the enemy. The tip of the fangs did not fail to breathe air from the other side of the thick flesh as they curved to puncture the interior of a skull. The long body moved closer towards its prey, while the tongue stabbed the eyes of the large spider. The scales on the savior reflected the faces of Invicta and Sicarius—faces of wonder. It was not quite sure whether the serpent was a friend or merely a dominant figure that lurked for fresh blood. The king and the others were not about to wait to find out.
The king quickly stretched his right foot out to climb over the small boat, slamming his heel onto the sturdy base. They all did the same, staring at the shadow slithering away from the evidence of blood that overlaid the area where the serpent once stood. Long thin strands of webbing bordered the interior of the small boat, wrapping its threads along the arms of the individuals who boarded the vessel. Invicta took some time, making an effort to enter.
They were all in except for the hyacinth that paced impatiently at the shoreline. It breathed deeply, causing the dust to disappear and reveal the ancient bones that lined the edge of the stream. Finally the hyacinth moved its body towards the craft. It positioned its front paws on the side of the boat, stretching out its neck before proceeding onto the inside.
The ship was small, yet it seemed to have stretched itself to accommodate the new guests. Sicarius quickly walked towards the one she had befriended. Kneeling down on her left leg, she unbinded the stoned body. “You have done well. Go if you must,” whispered Sicarius in the hyacinth’s ear as she cut the last strand of binding. But the hyacinth did not move; it stood emotionless as if saddened by Sicarius’s wording. Nevertheless, it walked towards the end of the boat, curling up to rest. Sicarius too found a seat on the interior side the long boat, letting the motionless body fall onto her legs.
“What now, my king?” asked Magni after he overlooked the rigid land. From the thin fog, it could be noted that long moving objects produced mystifying shadows underneath. Birds with bat-like wings croaked a deathly tune in the branches of the skeleton trees that rose from the sides of the stream. All in all, the place seemed dirty in appearance, a thick green muck rising to the surface of the water.
“Ok, listen to me good, all of you!” the king yelled, “Once we touch the head of the skull, the boat will move its way in the direction we seek. However, the movement of this boat will cause the spirits underneath to stir. They will reach out their meddling arms towards the boat in search of a body to accommodate them. Do not reach towards them, for they are neither human nor beast. They know not what they do, for they are asleep,” the king stated with great emphasis. If such thing were to happen, a zombie would be reborn.
“But where must we go?” questioned Sicarius with her head high above.
“Knowing time is rather precious, we must go towards the path of the foretellers. It is the only way to reach Sapientem in time,” stated the king. “Let me make it clear that you should not desire to go forward, for your mind will see great things, but they will be nothing more than your imagination luring you towards death.”
No one spoke. No one thought. And no one moved. They stayed emotionless before Invicta slowly raised his hand towards the skull. “Must we begin?” Invicta questioned, not waiting for a response before he massaged the surface of the white skull.
It seemed as if the quick movement of the hand had no meaningful effect on such an odd object. The eyes continued to stare at the new arrivals, feeding off their emotions until it brightened its ruby eyes with vengeance. The white skull moved its head to get a better view of its surrounding until it spoke to those that had boarded his ship.
“I am death itself, having several known appearances. Yet this is my dwelling where you may choose to jump off of to seek death in a closer time than expected. You my king, have always looked rather young despite the years you have gone through. It wouldn’t make a difference if you only touched the surface of the stream. Or you my dear Sicarius, would you not want to meet those you have slain? Nevertheless, you must choose whether you seek life or death. I am fair to all people, the rich, the poor, the beautiful, and the ugly,” stated the skull as it moved its ‘head’ from side to side with each meaningful word. The voice was raspy, as if feeding off the souls in the boat as it moved from side to side with the waters. The smile widened with thirst.
“We wish to go towards the path of the foretellers,” stated the king.
“Of course you do. What is this they foretell? A death aboard my ship?” the skull snickered. “I know you have a girl that is most definitely mine. Perhaps you believe she is not within your grasp. Yet she is closer than you think. Catch her quick and she will be yours. Fail to do so and I will have not one, but two souls as my prize,” stated the skull most diligently.
“Where must she be? I solemnly swear to take you on your most generous offer,” stated Sicarius as she rose upwards to look onto the red beating eyes of the skull.
“Patience, my dear. You always seek to finish your task so quickly. You may see her once I awaken the souls in my grasp,” stated the skull.
Slowly the boat broke through the green muck that had formed around the vessel. It moved towards the right side of the stream, awakening the souls underneath. Sicarius impatiently looked over the boat’s side in search of Glacies’s soul. A define brightness from underneath gave way to the forms of the spirits as they moved towards the water’s surface. Slowly they broke outward, facing the faces that stared upon them. Most of the souls seemed old, their wrinkles clearly seen within the soul’s green transparent bodies. They reached their arms towards the sides of the boat in a great attempt to only slightly touch the living bodies above.
“Death, what happens if they do touch our bodies?” questioned Sicarius with a disgusted look upon her face.
“It is life you should feel disgusted by. I really do pity the living. To answer your question, a touch will only bring them closer to you. You may certainly dive in my waters. However, the souls, greedy as they are, will attempt to lodge their soul into your body. First the souls will push your body deep into the waters, causing you to search for the death you knew you would find. You see, I win either way. The souls only fight with each other, none of them able to live as they once did,” laughed the skull silently to itself.
Sicarius bit her lip in thought. Slowly smiling to herself, she reached into the bag that had once been along the side of the hyacinth. The beating heart of the beast pumped strongly, pulsating the blood along its massive body. Sicarius withdrew the several vials, making sure the skull did not see; she hid the scene with her cloak.
“What is that you have there, my dear?” questioned the skull with a sudden concern.
Sicarius lifted up one of the chests that contained a silent heart. “The heart of Glacies,” she stated boldly, hiding the emotions of victory.
“Ah yes. Many say vampires have no soul without their hearts. They are wrong I tell you! A soul can always separate from a body at death. These things must be done most delicately,” spoke the skull once again, turning its head to face what was before it. 
Sicarius took advantage of the situation, feeding the palm of her hand with several intriguing capsules. She quickly returned the vials into the sack as she closed her hand around her own dark magic. She had only a few to feed on.
There was not much to see, only the souls that crept upwards in an attempt to border the ship. They looked much like the ancient zombies from a distant land. Yet, they did not seek blood, only a body to dwell in.
Invicta looked upon his blade, eyeing the reflection of a profound green glow. “And what do you do with these souls anyways?” questioned Invicta.
“If you must ask, this is nothing more than a storage room for the dead. Something more will come to release them to another place. But now is most definitely not the time, for death of a prime one is needed,” smiled the skull wickedly.
“Tell me, is my time near?” asked Invicta. He seemed to have become accustomed to the skull. To make it clear, the skull was not more of a friend than it was an enemy. It was neutral as death was.
The skull’s eyes brightened as it thought, “As I am not a fortune teller, I cannot tell you exactly when or how your life will end. However, I do not smell the stench of death for you anytime soon.”
Invicta neither smiled nor widened his eyes. He only nodded with discomfort. As he looked towards the distance he saw marvelous objects an inhabitant could only dream of. That was just the thing; the objects were merely a formation of the mind. Still, Invicta pointed towards what he saw as a golden statue of himself. The statue of himself stood bold and tall with an arm outstretched exposing his mighty golden sword. Even with the fog, it shined, motioning Invicta to come forth.
“Over there, what is it?” questioned Invicta even though he knew it was a statue of himself.
The skull gave a raspy laugh, narrowing its eyes in a foul manner, “That, my young soul, is what you wish it to be. I feel you want me to guide you in that direction?”
Invicta did not reply, he only nodded in the skulls presence. “Invicta! Whatever you see is not real! Do you not see the sharp rocks in the distance? They will surely puncture the boat and lead us to be dragged with the other souls, you fool!” yelled Magni. With the hilt of his sword, Magni pushed it towards his brother’s skull. Invicta knew what was to come, he grabbed the hilt, turning so the sword was no longer in Magni’s grasp but in his.
“I am not blind, brother! If it were solely my imagination I would know it! Look here, I bite myself, yet my statue is still there. I am beginning to believe that the skull’s warnings are only a means to lead us away from what we desire!” yelled Invicta as he threatened his brother to take a seat in front of him.
“Invicta, it is not so. I am sorry,” stated the king, as he stretched his hand towards Invicta’s shoulder. Invicta believed it was only a movement of sadness. This was where he was wrong. As the king moved his fingers through the bones of Invicta’s shoulders, he pushed hard, causing Invicta to slowly fall against the side of the boat. The spade he held fell towards the ground in defeat as his back slid down the seat.
“Well that was well taken care of!” yelled Sicarius as she spun her daggers and returned them to her sides.
“I see death is not as near as it seems,” stated the skull as he turned his eyes towards Sicarius, “As for you, you have a soul to catch. Look on and you will see your sister at your midst.” Instead of the boat heading towards the sharp rocks to their side, it quickly moved away from it, evading the crash by only a whisper. The king had searched drastically for a soul pertaining to the queen; but such a soul did not exist, for he knew she could only be alive.
Sicarius slowly moved her head towards the water’s surface, eyeing a wandering soul heading towards the base of the boat. It seemed as if it were the body of Glacies gliding through the mucky stream. Yet, she did not seem the same, for her face did not show the same child-like appearance as before.
Sicarius frowned in disbelief, quickly turning her head towards the greedy skull. “You deceive me! The girl is no longer as young as she once looked,” yelled Sicarius with disgust in her throat.
“That you are true. The waters do cause children to age rather dramatically. Save her now and she will retain her appearance. If not, her soul may become much weaker. If I must say, she seems the same age as yourself,” asserted the skull.
“Sicarius, do not do this! All the skull wants is your life,” stated Magni as he attempted to hold her hand.
Sicarius tightened her eyes in a threatening manner as she brushed the hand off. “Calling me old? Perhaps you have not seen my true appearance,” stated Sicarius as she let her back drop backwards. Her cloak flew behind her, hiding her stealthy hands as they moved their way into her mouth. Her tongue quickly yielded to the capsules, moving them deep along her throat. At a last resort before falling into the waters, Sicarius moved her tongue along the sharp fangs she bore.
“Sicarius!” was the last sound Sicarius heard from above as her body and cloak quickly took the appearance of the waters. She moved her hands in a spreading manner in an attempt to find the soul of Glacies. She had seen it not far from the boat, yet the soul had wandered from her grasp. She tightened her face with impatience, for only a small amount of time remained. Strange plants sprouted from the ground. Dark emerald flowers bloomed with sharp spikes bordering its star-shaped corners. Velvet vines stretched their thin stems along the water bed, coiling their sharp bodies with ambivalence. As Sicarius looked forward, she saw skeletons of frogs and fish alike swimming through the ghostly waters of death itself. It was how life was to end.
The souls around Sicarius collided with her chest, appearing on the other side as they made their way towards the boat in search of a body to contain their soul. Sicarius was invisible to their deathly stare. Their faces shown greedily as their mouths gaped, their tongues protruded, and their eyes became aglow. Then she saw her; Glacies’s body moved slowly around the base of the boat as if considering the situation.
Sicarius pushed her feet off the nearest rock, propelling her body towards the soul she longed for. It was the only person who was close to her own blood.
The soul turned its face towards Sicarius, its hair gliding around her mature body. Her feet shown straight and vertical as she touched the base of the dark boat above her. A few minutes more would cost her her own life. Sicarius reached the arm of the figure, pulling it with great anticipation. But her hand never grasped the soul’s arm; it merely went through it like thin air. Time was ticking.
Magni walked towards the skull with a menacing expression. The king held his hand outwards in an attempt to stop him, “Magni, this was what Sicarius wished to do. She will succeed, always has.”
The skull laughed in a far more wicked manner. His eyes narrowed in dominance, “That is where you are wrong. She was a fool believing the prime soul would abide to her simple gesture! Why, the soul will be like air as long as she is within my grasp. There is one thing that I will give you in return for something quite precious. The net in the treasure chest you see to your side will enable you to capture only one soul you seek. Add more souls and it will break. But hurry, I hear the breaths of the young lady nearing their end.”
Magni shook his head in contempt, “You are not fair to all!” Quickly, he attempted to open the chest that seamed meaningless until this time. Pushing away the webbing that wrapped around the ancient treasure chest, he was able to successfully open it. There at the base of the chest laid a golden net, its glowing threads wrapping around each other. He wrapped his fingers between the holes of the net, pulling it upwards and throwing it down below in a violent manner. Droplets of water rose upwards, providing the emerald fog to unsettle around the ripples.
“These things must be done delicately. Do not tell me what fair is. After all, she did trick me with her magic capsules. Little does she know magic from her mouth has little effect in my waters. Did you not almost end up my sleeve? I created what you call a disease! I am the lord of the vampires, giving life to those that seek it!” the skull shrieked harshly until there was no effort to avoid the covering of one’s ears.
“I am forever in your hands,” stated Magni indignantly.
“That you are. I never said it was a wise gift of mine,” the skull croaked once again, “All end up at my dwelling at one time or another.”
Sicarius felt a branch, a twig, a plant’s leaf brushing against her scalp. Turning, she found a golden trap afloat. She knew it was nothing more than a net. But for who? As she moved away, the net did not follow. Its glowing appearance continued descending towards the musty ground until it floated no more. Slowly Sicarius approached the netting that spread across the floor, engraving itself onto the hardened dirt. She lowered her fingers, slightly intimidated by the prize given to her. One touch did not bring the net afloat once again. She made an effort to bring her fingers around the threads of the netting. Looking back, she made sure Glacies’s soul had not abandoned her. Swiftly, the net was released from within the dirt’s grasp, causing a cloud of the odd green substance to float around her.
Looking around desperately, Sicarius saw that she could no longer see through the shadows of the green. She knew the soul was behind her and moved her arms in that same direction. The boat was not difficult to find, for its dark shadow floated above. As her vision cleared, Sicarius saw the immense crowd of souls anticipating a body to fall in their midst. Sicarius moved her eyes frustratingly around the boat in search of a familiar figure. Yet she did not see it. Tracing the base of the boat with her hands, she felt the moss that had embedded itself on the grooves. Then she saw it—the soul of Glacies floated like a ghost above. Glacies turned around, staring directly at Sicarius. With threatening eyes, Glacies made an effort to swim towards her savior. Yet, her expression shown one of greediness for the only body in her domain.
Sicarius shook her head in dismay. She had no more capsules, and it appeared that her invisibility was nothing more than a flicker. Her cloak only slightly camouflaged her body except for her face—the most distinct part of her figure. Desperately, Sicarius rapidly moved the net over her head as the soul dived into it. The golden netting spread outwards to bind the soul in its place. The soul did not stop there, however. Moving its body like the sliced tail of a lizard, she squirmed in stubbornness. With her teeth exposed, she dug her fangs into the strings in an effort to unbind the bindings around her transparent form.
Sicarius was far more stronger, however. Quickly she pulled the golden net upwards towards the base of the ship. She stopped her body with her other hand, slowly looking towards her side to find the numerous souls attached to the sides of the boat. They had seen her. Her slow and silent movement was all that was needed to capture their attention away from the prime target. Quickly they seemed to fly towards her, the water incapable of slowing their rapid pace. Sicarius knew she was defenseless even with her weapons. Yet, she pulled one of the daggers out as it shined even through the polluted environment.
The souls began to stir, grabbing her arm to pull her downward. The magic she had spoken to keep her breathing underwater was dispensed. She spoke the same words again, only to have her breaths silenced once again by the touch of another soul. She stabbed at the arms of those that held her, striking them until their souls seemed to tear before her. Her dagger seemed to have worked a miracle as she found the opportunity to push herself upwards towards the defenseless ship. But then she remembered, Malum had used the same trick on his own soul. He had sliced his body and soul, soul and body, until sinking his fragments into flesh. She clenched her mouth in terror. With great might, she pulled the net above her, having it rise into the interior of the vessel. She grabbed hold of the sides, hurriedly pulling her body upwards.
“Sicarius!” Magni yelled, rising up to help her into the boat. But it was useless as her body slipped back towards her doom. Only a slight splash was heard as the hands of a soul grabbed a hold of her body. The hyacinth stood up from its relaxed position, not failing to recognize danger. Without an order, he leapt over the side of the boat and into the ripples preceding Sicarius’s abduction. With a loud growl he hit the chilly water; his image was quickly clouded as he swam deeper underneath.
Sicarius moved her head side to side in confusion as small bubbles lifted upwards around her. Several souls grabbed hold of her arms, holding her against a giant emerald rock. She attempted to kick the figurines with little victory. Her feet simply went through the bodies. The spirits allowed only their own bodies to act like flesh and bone. The smiling faces were not comforting to see, for each possessed a different emotion of wickedness. Pushing her hand closer to her side, Sicarius’s face began to beat with frustration and discomfort, for air was scarce. Her hair flowed around her as she slightly touched the hilt of her blade. A distinct blue glow brightened at her side, but not before a shadow lurked towards her.
She widened at the sight of the shadow—an enormous black fish with a skeleton atop it swam near. The skeleton moved its hands steadily, controlling the creature towards Sicarius. The fish, blacker than the darkness around Sicarius, contained a large snout with sharp orange whiskers protruding from its upper thick lip. The skeleton pointed its skinny finger towards Sicarius as Sicarius lifted up her dagger to strike it. The fish stirred uncontrollably as it endeavored to take Sicarius into its own body. The souls had drifted away, allowing their master to finish her off. The staff on the other arm of the skeleton glowed with a profound lava-like color with a large opaque black pigment in the center, much like an eyeball moving around in a mystical manner.
Yet there was another shadow, one that moved oddly overhead. It was the last sight that Sicarius saw as she let her hand drop towards her side and her body to drift further down to the ground.
The hyacinth moved faster, growling loudly even underwater. Its nostril pulsated with annoyance as small fragments of green muck found its way into the small holes of his nose. As Sicarius continued falling, the hyacinth opened its large jaws, biting only the metal collar of his dreamy savior. He pulled the body upwards, turning quickly to avoid the fish’s tail that only attempted to uphold him. The souls did not follow, for it was not an animal they wished to dominate. Quicker the hyacinth paddled until its head protruded the surface of the water to the side of the slow-moving boat. The growl, starting from its throat, echoed throughout the habitat as it alarmed those above him.
“Help, my king! The hyacinth has her by the jaws!” yelled Magni as he grabbed hold of Sicarius’s tender hand. He pulled her upwards quickly as the king helped the hyacinth aboard. The dark shadow underneath had not surrendered, however, as it moved with great force towards the hands that held its prize possession. The hyacinth kicked off the side of the boat, falling into it in a drastic manner. It breathed deeply as it rested on its side, not able to walk on its legs to pull Sicarius from within the grasp of the fish.
“It’s a fish!” yelled Magni, desperately attempting to slay the snout of the beast. It was useless, however, since the fish’s snout lay far from the surface of the water. Its thick lips easily sucked at the thin legs of a motionless Sicarius. Magni pulled her arms higher, frantically trying to keep her head above the splashes of water. His face showed wrinkles where the edges of his cheeks tightened with frustration. It was well known that the fish would certainly take hold of the body if the fish was not slain. He looked behind him for the net, but it was already empty of the green soul of Glacies.
Glacies stood upwards, containing her bow on one hand and retrieving a perfect arrow with the other. Quickly, she ran to the side of the boat, feeling the frantic emotions of Magni unravel. “Glacies, your bow. Can it travel within the waters?” the king asked.
Glacies looked towards the king, “It was made in the waters. Of course all weapons must move swiftly through this mucky stream.” She pulled back her string, releasing the silver arrow into the water where the fish’s red eyes moved uncontrollably. Swiftly, the arrow divided the current, not failing to inject itself into its prime target. The fish moved drastically, its head splashing out of the water before diving down towards its safe haven in the misty underworld.
Glacies opened her mouth, narrowing her eyes with confusion as she recalled the many events that had occurred. The several memories combined. Her eyes brightened as flashbacks began to form. However, it did not change what it seemed had occurred.
“What is this?” questioned the skull, smiling all the more.
Sicarius’s body lay wet on the base of the boat, the droplets slipping from atop her. She did not cough, nor did she move a whisper.
“Well do something!” the king yelled, frowning as he pointed at the body, “You always wanted to kiss that woman, it is time!” The king did not form any expression of snickering, for his face shown wrinkles depicting that he was quite serious about his demands.
Magni frowned, shaking his head at first, but knowing that perhaps a breath could give life. After all, he did lust for such a thing in the past. Time was scarce. He swiftly lowered his body by his savior’s side, pulling her short black hair away from her plump reddened lips that posed as if destined for the occasion. His lips met hers. The threads that made both lips combined into one, as he produced four quick breaths into her body. With time being scarce, he untightened the bindings of her armory. Slowly running his arms towards her breathing region, he pressed hard several times. It seemed useless, as the body showed no signs of recuperating its life.
Glacies walked towards the net, hoping to retrieve it to fish Sicarius’s soul from beneath the boat as Sicarius had done for her. But the net was no longer there; it disappeared as she gave the slightest touch on an upright thread. “What is done is done,” stated the skull, “I am terribly sorry that you went through this dilemma in attempting to breathe life in a living body. Such disgust! I have merely frozen her life, for every deal has a price. Bring me the skeleton finger from the witch’s domain in return for your princess’s life!” yelled the skull with rapidity. He narrowed the holes of his reddened eyes in a threatening manner before relaxing them to their common figure.
Magni, slightly embarrassed, walked away as Glacies went down on her knees to clothe her half-sister. She felt rather different. Perhaps she was slightly taller. But how could this be? She looked upon her long fingers, the ones that had been slightly sliced by the bow’s string. Her fingers that were once small had easily moved through the bow with swiftness. Now her large fingers had to be moved to the side in order to avoid the quick movement of the string as it released the arrow. Her hair seemed thicker as well, moving gracefully behind her with the wind’s rhythm. She frowned in thought as she tightened the last string of the armory, failing to see her reflection upon it.
“Confused?” questioned a voice behind her. Glacies looked about the darkness, until spotting the skull in front of her. “Do not be afraid,” it said, “Such thing has not routinely happened before, ever since that dreadful war! So many lives dwell in my underworld, but no more return.”
“I keep forgetting that skulls speak,” Glacies widened her eyes from their stressful stance.
“Ah yes. My figure, not quite pleasing, is it?” it questioned with frustration, “The witches in the huts close by have cursed me! No longer do I go about the land pushing my staff onto the hard floor to produce no other than the cries of death!”
“You still wonder why you have been cursed? You kill all in your path, my skull!” Glacies yelled back as her fingers tightened on the ground.
“If you had the power I had, would you not do the same? To end the suffering? Pity the living, not the dead! Why, I myself ended the life of Malum years ago,” it stated in a whisper. But the secrets within Malum’s soul lied as misty as the waters.
Glacies frowned once again, “It can’t be that easy, can it? A flick of your stick and they lie dead before a sound is heard?”
“Of course not, or you would all be dead,” croaked the skull, smiling slightly wickedly, “You see, every person goes through a situation where death is close by. Perhaps due to an illness you lie in bed in misery. I come in to end the misery, providing comfort to the individual. Yet, they search for more life when they know little about such things,” answered the skull.
“You only kill when death is already near?” questioned Glacies as she began to stand upwards.
“Of course, daughter of the waters! You should be fond of me,” the skull tightened its smile, “We have arrived.” The skull brightened its ruby eyes as the boat slowly clashed against a nearly eroded wooden dock. The black wood sparkled with the small droplets of water as each warrior stepped upon it. Invicta slowly opened his eyes, lifting his spade with rapidity in front of the shadow before him. His lips tightened as he moistened them with his tongue in discomfort. Glacies frowned, pulling her head back with her fingers to diminish the awkwardness.
“Who are you? You seem oddly familiar,” Invicta questioned, his lips showing no signs of a snicker.
“You have to be joking. You seem you’ve seen a ghost!” she screamed, yet rethinking about what she had said. She bit her lip before restating, “Well perhaps I am a bit of a ghost. However, I’m still the same Glacies for that matter,” she stated as she posed her arms around her waist.
“My, your beauty is much more divine as an older figure,” he stated dreamily in the dark setting.
Glacies wrinkled her nose, lifting her right hand to slap the sweating face of Invicta. “Shame on you for thinking such things!” she yelled as she formed a disgusted emotion with her eyes, “I am quite young!” She walked away quickly, pushing her leg over the side of the boat only to splash into the shallow green waters. She lifted her face in dismay and embarrassment as she rolled her eyes in annoyance. Looking upon the ripples, she saw a distorted face of herself, not quite seeing her true figurine until the ripples steadied.
“Now you see?” questioned Invicta as he posed his shoulders along the side of the small boat as he looked upon her confused eyes.
“How or why did this happen?” she questioned as her face shown a sign of astonishment.
The skull croaked, listening to her words, “My waters cause your bodies to age when in contact with your souls. You are quite fortunate wrinkles have not formed on your smooth face.” The skull smiled as Invicta held his arm outwards for Glacies to take hold of.
“You know, love always ends in the end. No point to such pathetic things!” yelled the skull as Invicta quickly brushed his hand to his side in embarrassment. Glacies walked to the side of the king as Invicta quickly strode by his brother’s side as they moved their way through the eroding black huts around them.



Chapter 18

Here Lies Death


Of course the isolated place was dark, with only a small amount of green light moving its way through the fog. One could easily get lost in such a place where each path seemed similar due to the many huts that bordered them. Oh those dark scolding huts! They seemed to have sight imbedded in them. As one walked before them, the black raggedy curtains would move, only to show no signs of a living creature inside. From the corners of one’s eye, shadows lurked. Long thin scaly shadows! Yet, when one turned, the shadow would be dismissive in appearance. Thin strands of deep green moss hung from the broken roofs, only to fall down and be taken by the wind. The hyacinth showed no sign of cowardice as it walked behind the others, smelling the grey ground with interest. Puddles of water spread across the ground as if rain had touched the isolated and lifeless inhabitance, until a voice broke the silence.
“Hello young ones, what brings you here is not a question, but a destiny,” an odd woman stated as she curled her naked arm around the post of her black hut. Bracelets of multiple dark colors and forms sparkled around her exposed wrist. Her dirty blonde hair silently moved behind her along with the long hoops held by only her ears. Her eyelids, drenched in a dark emerald pigment opened to reveal her silent golden eyes.
“Come forth. It is my destiny to distinguish the destiny of others,” she stated with great mystery. Without waiting for a reply, she moved herself into her hut, slowly moving her arm from the post until it disappeared into her premise.
The four of them looked towards each other in question. “I don’t like her. But I’m sure she knows that already,” stated Glacies as she curled her lip in repugnance.
“Do we trust her? We are not here to seek our future, but to seek the skeleton finger,” Invicta stated in a whisper. The woman had intimidated him with her quick movements.
“Will you come or not? Do not keep me waiting,” stated the odd woman without reappearing outside.
The king looked at Invicta, “It is better to trust than to not. They will curse or bless us.” The king walked up the small steps, creaking his way towards the doorway as the others followed. His thin white cloak moved in back of his bold body as he stepped into the rustic hut.
While the hut seamed dreadful on the outskirts, it did not by far contain the same feeling in the interior. The woman lifted a wooden rod towards the small flames from a fireplace at the side. Bringing it towards her plump lips, she blew onto the small flame as her eyes gazed towards her new guests. She quickly flicked the wooden rod, leaving it on the fire mantle to unravel its spices in the room. Small opaque swirls of green moved through the little wind that made itself aware in the small chamber.
“Ah yes, sit down. I will not keep you long,” she stated as she lifted up her long black eyelashes before her company. A long golden dress with a slight shininess drooped to the ground. Her shoulders were fully exposed; an odd imprint was shown on her right shoulder. Looking more clearly, it was obvious that the tattoo was nothing more than a serpent around an old twig. However, staring far more than usual and one would see the serpent moving, gaping its fangs at the viewer with a deathly stare in return.
An odd bench, composed of large bones with only the skin of a reptile covering it, stood behind a large circular green table in which the odd woman slowly took a seat. They themselves sat down where the woman had motioned with her hands, only to stare into her golden eyes with interest. Like the table they had sat in when on the ship in the skies, this one also showed signs of waves on its stoned surface.
“Drink this, it will help me decipher your minds,” the woman smiled as she spread her hand over the table where thin golden goblets appeared with a fresh lime green liquid inside. Magni slightly looked at the king beside him. Nevertheless, he took the goblet as the others had, letting the slightly thick liquid to move its way down his throat. A slightly warm feeling tingled his lips as the bitter drink scratched his throat on its way down.
Without the slightest smile of approval, the woman cupped her hands towards the golden bracelet around her neck. The red glow was soon covered by her hands as she spoke the ancient language of her ancestry. Her eyes opened once again in the silent habitat, but no longer were her pupils as visible and distinguishable as before. Opening her eyes revealed golden spheres as eyeballs, but no visible pupil. It brightened with her stare as the air inside the small hut moved with rapidity around her. The golden hair that had once dropped to her sides now spread across her head, much like a mane.
She held her hand outwards, spread across the mysterious table as she turned to Invicta. “Your eyes show no signs of death, yet your soul will be frozen from you,” she stated with great thought.
Her blonde eyebrows stretched out long and thin as she moved her emotionless face towards Magni, “Magni, you and another will bind. If you are to have a child, she will be much fiercer than anticipated.” Her lips moved with such precision that it seemed her words were a rhythm. Yet her stare showed the serious expression atop her.
“My king, I am much flattered by your company. Yet, let us not be friends, for your life will transform to be opposite of what you longed for. If saved, you will return to your position on your rightful throne,” stated the woman as she moved from side to side in thought.
She frowned before speaking slowly, “Glacies, you have died once, yet you live. Still there is a secret upheld from you. You will only gain knowledge of this divine secret when it is far too late.”
Her eyes brightened far more than before as she silenced her whispering voice. She relaxed the muscles that caused her hands to move through the air as she deciphered the legacies of the individuals before her. As her eyes slowly transitioned to their original depiction, she rose up from her darkly feathered seat while her jewelry caused a tone to drift from existence.
She walked towards the entrance of the hut, holding her left hand around the doorway with great mystery. “I know why you have come,” she sneered. “It is the skeleton finger you seek, yet it will not be given to you freely. Death has sought your appraisal, but she that withers underneath shall not. After all, we do not normally receive such visitors as yourselves.” She looked behind at their staring faces, their deep breaths, and the questioning expressions. Her hands pushed at the wall behind her as she spoke after a long silence. “If you do destine to wake her withered body from underneath, it will only bring the yells of chaos within you. Look within the graves before you and you will see the grave stone of Cecidit, the largest of them all.”
The king glared at the woman at the doorway, “Why do you help us so?”
The woman smiled peculiarly, “Why, you will surely compensate it in the future. That, I am sure of.” She motioned with her hand towards the doorway as she brushed the dust from her golden dress.
The king and the others slowly stepped from each wooden step until they were left alone once again in the path they had come from. The figures inside such huts were not as aloof as before. Several of them opened the tiny windows to withdraw old raggedy black cloaks that swayed with the howling wind. Others swept the wooden porch of their old dark huts as they stood watching the arrivals before them. Not a man was shown in sight, for the dark land was composed of elderly women alike. They stared with a wrinkle on their astute noses as their eyes narrowed with disapproval. Yet they did not speak, only waiting for them to pass by. Eyes prowled even within the dirty and musty windows until the fingerprints were merely dust.
“What was that about? Supposedly I’ll be nothing more than an icicle?” questioned Invicta with deep concern.
“At least you won’t bear a beast as a daughter!” Magni yelled with a smirk. He looked back at the hyacinth behind them.
Glacies smiled, shaking her head with anxiety. “A foreteller or not, I will make my own destiny.”
They did not quite know where the grave stones protruded from the ground. Yet, they walked in the same dirt path along a dirty stone wall. Their silence merely led them to search undeniably for the graves the woman spoke of. The dark green grass along the dirt path flickered with a blue shine as the wind lightly touched the bristles. The hyacinth growled at the ground for no apparent reason until they reached a path leading to several obstacles in the distance.
As they reached the gates of the graves, they looked beyond at the dead environment. Not only were the stones torn from within, but even the purple weeds that had shown themselves in any desired area now shown like the dead beneath them. It seemed as if only the crows with their golden and distasteful eyes made it their legacy to leave the feathers encrypted in the area. The gates creaked as they were opened, as if warning them of their proceedings in the graveyard. Slowly the four of them walked inside as the gates coarsely closed behind them, swaying with the depressing wind. The clouds above shown grey and dark as a defined chilliness crawled up their bodies.
“Why not use the bone’s magic for our own use?” questioned Glacies as she withdrew a twig she had found on the ground. She snapped the thin piece of wood with her hands, letting the two pieces fall within the gaps of her spread fingers.
“My queen would surely know of the answer. I remember in a blur that the long finger belonging to such a witch allowed her to destine death onto others, until death caught on with the witch. With desperation, she used the magic wrapped within the bone of her body to end Death itself, not knowing the true power of Death,” the king answered as he pointed to the highest and most exhilarating gravestone from afar. The king’s wordings were slightly confusing, for he meant Death as an inhabitant. He knew the woman but gave little proof of it.
Their steps crunched the broken stones beneath their feet as they moved their fingers in an attempt to unravel the webbing from the smaller spiders in the midst. An occasional croak was heard from the numerous crows that spread their black wings above, swooping down to land on the small gravestones covered with a dirty white substance.
“How disgusting and loathsome this place is!” yelled Glacies as she aimed at a crow stooping from the head of a large cloaked statue. Releasing the string far more carefully than before, led the arrow to soar within the breeze to only be caught within the feathers of the dark bird. A loud shriek lead to the diminishing breaths of the bird as it fell towards its own grave. The birds that had gathered around the statue quickly flew from the carcass underneath, making a circular flying spree above. Their loud cries only lead to more dread as they neared the stone they longed for.
Invicta turned back with anger shown on his face as he formed an expression of question, “Was that necessary?”
“Obviously so. Their feeding eyes only caused me to puncture their deathly pupils. I only scared them, nothing more,” whispered Glacies as she continued walking around the grey tombs around them. She stepped on numerous dark leaves, crunching them where they stood until the crushed pieces flew towards the swirl of crows above.
Gazing up at the tomb was not enough, for it made the large tomb stone seem like nothing more than a pebble on the grey ground. Rather squared as the tomb stone was, it would take several steady paces to make one full lap around the death bearer. Engravings of odd lettering spread along the outline of an overly large book held by wrinkly stoned fingers. The sharp long finger nails curved outwards as if piercing the enchantment within the book. Black roses protruded rapidly from the sides of the extravagant tomb stone, only to cover the cloudy silvery surface. Several spiked peeks lined the tip of each corner of the octagon structure, with only one entrance at their disposal.
“Black as night, these roses are,” stated Glacies as she cut a small rose from the vines that stretched its arms around the structure. She had only heard of rare occasions where darkness was prominent. Quickly it disintegrated within her hands. Slowly she turned her hand vertically, watching carefully as the breeze took the black powder into the air.
“It is much the other way around. It is their powder that causes the dark night,” stated the kind softly as he looked upwards to his side. As if the structure were a pedestal, a large statue stood atop. Its long skinny fingers pointed directly upwards, for it was the image of the witch’s frail body.
“What use will the bone do for Death?” questioned Invicta suddenly, breaking the silence.
“Perhaps it was not the witch itself that bore such magic. Rumors say the witch and Death made a covenant. However, the witch broke her truce, leading to the curse of Death and the death of her frail body,” the king answered as he scanned the side of the structure.
“We do not have much time you know,” stated Glacies as she moved much closer to the structure. She held the red locket that prevented anyone from entering. Its ruby structure was not significant, however, as Glacies reached for an arrow. Quickly she stabbed the locket, causing the ruby stone to shatter and allow their entrance into the chamber. The locket was useless for defending the domain of the witch.
The four walked into the narrow passage, careful not to touch the walls alongside them, for they were covered with a thick turquoise moss. The vines containing the roses of death did not yield to the entrance. Its skinny stems made their way alongside the walls, wrapping themselves around the unlit rusty torches succumbed with thin strands of webbing. It was the darkness, not the light, which bestowed the rose’s life.
“Torches, use them,” stated the king as he quickly rubbed his hands together to create a perfect flame. Swiftly touching the sides of the torch, he allowed the flames to feed off the little juice at the bottom. He lifted the torch, allowing it to awaken from its held position against the mossy wall.
Glacies moved her fingers against each other as she frowned before Invicta. Invicta smiled slightly, “Need a flame?” he questioned as his enflamed finger reached into the torch Glacies held. “It gets quite overpowering, the flame.”
She nodded, as if understanding. Her power of the waters was quite useless in the dry atmosphere, put still she spread her sprinkled finger to relieve her skin. They walked through the narrow tunnel, much in a circular pattern, proceeding downwards with each step. The flames moved violently with the resentful wind that had seeped its way into the chamber. Dry and course weeds lined the path, not to mention ancient bones much like powder.
The king held his blade outwards, holding it downwards as they neared a bare wall.
“Now we are destined to dig it out?” questioned Invicta with annoyance as he dropped his blade to slightly touch the grains of the ground.
“Not quite,” stated the king as he removed his arm from beneath his white cloak to touch the surface of the dirt covered wall. “Hold the light closer, will you?”
“Hold this,” Magni stated to his brother as he handed him his torch.
Each footstep caused a loud crunching noise beneath his feet as he stood beside the king. The king’s torch leaned against the wall, producing a small amount of energy. With a quick movement of his hands, Magni jumped a few inches high while holding his arms upwards in a steady stance. The flames wrapped around his arms much like an enflamed serpent until it reached the cup formed by his fingers. From there, the flames grew much larger than a thin strand of brightness, allowing the king to view the entire wall of dirt at once.
Much more than a wall of grey dirt, majestic dark designs bordered the sides of such a doorway. Not only were the markings a bold color, they moved dreamily in their place, fading at times or moving with the current of the wind. “Ah there it is! The ancient sealing,” stated the king much to himself than to the others. Lifting up his own torch, the king touched the vibrant flames onto the bold moving design on the lower right corner of the wall. Quickly, the flames etched themselves into the crevices, traveling at great length until they combined with the flame that had started the burning.
The blazes brightened as they dug deeper into the dirt, thriving their flames outwards as if reaching the beholder of such a creation. The king watched in awe as the flames reflected their image on his pupils. Quickly closing his eyes, he stated a few wordings in a whisper as he leaned his head towards the ground. Using his right hand, he touched his forehead, his chest, and both sides of his shoulders, ending the incantation with a silent touch of his lips onto his finger. The flames did not ease at such an enchantment as they brightened far more than before, as if turning to liquid that sprawled onto the ground. Yet, the flames slowly disappeared far deeper into the crevices of the designs sketched on the barrier.
“How could you have known?” questioned Glacies as she neared the walls that neared their last stage in the silent position. She narrowed her eyes as she touched the walls with both hands, pushing with her fingers to acquire a better view.
“That is not my concern. It is no secret that the dead lay in such chambers as this one. Yet, most wait for such eagerness. Yield your weapons, for a witch would be seen as unwise to forget a defense curse where it lies,” the king stated as he once again withdrew his blade along with his followers. A loud metallic noise echoed through the narrow passageway before the disintegration of the wall before them. The fire wrapped its flames around the small grains composing the wall until the last grain was disintegrated by the lightest touch of a flame. The blazes soon also disappeared within the air, exposing the room behind it with regret.
The hyacinth did not accompany them into the chamber; instead it walked towards the exit through which it had come from. The footprints carefully withstood its bold stance on the ground until a light breeze lifted the grains, causing the footsteps to drift away with them.
The chamber before them was not something that seemed to be from the dark mysterious passageway composed of the slimy cobwebs covering the walls. Instead, a steady violet glow came off the surface of the objects inside from no apparent destination. Strange purple artwork painted on the metallic blue walls sparkled with the new source of light that silently entered the room. Walking further inside, it was clear that it was not an ordinary place of the dead, for the room was far larger than anticipated, several feet below the surface from which they had come. A small circular lake, composed of a dark and degrading purple color, formed around the silver coffin that stood at a distance awaiting the newly arrivals.
As they continued their steps towards the shoreline of the small purple puddle, the water shivered as if noticing their approach. Ripples formed before a large thin metal bridge rose to the surface, causing a waterfall of the purple liquid to fall at the sides. Glacies lifted her bow as she breathed the refreshing air that had been enclosed in the room for several years. She did not trust the place with its purple colors reflecting off the blue walls. Still, she looked down at the waters, her toes so closely touching them. She studied her reflection with much concern, only lifting her head up to see Invicta’s face before her. “I never thought I would age. Is death really near?” she questioned as she brushed a strand of her hair behind her ear.
“Not as close as you think,” he said as he positioned his arm around her, guiding her away from the waters.
“Do not get distracted. I do not trust our presence in such a place. I will proceed through the bridge first. Then you Invicta, will follow. If there should be any beasts underneath the waters, do not fail to attack them, Glacies and Magni,” stated the king as he placed his first step hard on the beginning of the metal bridge. A light pounding sound echoed through the odd room, yet it was dismissive to the rest of the footsteps. Fortis’s quick footsteps pounded against the metal until he reached a platform shaped into an eight point compass rose. The different shadings shined with the approaching light, until the entire casket was visible. Engravings on the metallic coffin were etched on the sides, mostly depictions of death.
The king looked back, making certain that Invicta was behind him. Glacies nodded at the king as Magni pulled out his spade in preparation. “Ready?” he questioned as he dug his fingers in the gap between the lid and the body of the coffin.
“Have I any choice? I am ready enough to run,” Invicta stated as he lightly brushed his leg with the side of his sword, signaling that his leg had miraculously healed.
The king did not respond. He tightened his eyes and face as he pushed the covering. Invicta placed his blade to the side, also moving his hands into the crevices to push the covering from atop the coffin. With little effort from the two, the covering quickly crashed onto the metal surface beneath their feet. With a loud shattering sound echoing the room, it was clear the witch did not enjoy the company.
“Oh how is she?” questioned Glacies as she posed her right hand against her hip.
Invicta peered inside with utter disgust. He drooled slightly as he took the entire image to mind. Only slight formations of what appeared to be dried skin dangled from the ends of the cheek bones. The bones, slightly visible and white as one’s eyes, were covered with collections of ancient dust from earlier years. Thin strands of grey hair seemed to be attached to the disintegrating scalp, not even waving slightly with the light wind inside the chamber of the dark witch. Looking at her body, it was clear that her right hand contained a larger than normal finger for any inhabitant of the land. Long and bony, the finger laid to the side of the body.
Invicta moved his eyes away from the black cloaked body, staring directly at Glacies before responding, “Like Death’s grandmother!”
Glacies smiled peculiarly to herself, not being much in the mood of laughter. Still, she continued watching as the king slowly moved his fingers onto the bones.
The king looked at Invicta before proceeding, failing to read the warnings inscribed along the dusty casket in which the bundle of bones lay. He touched the longer of the bones, the index finger bone to be exact. Sliding his own fingers upwards to where the large bone was attached to, he gripped the ancient structure. A cold sensation traveled around the area he touched until he pulled the bone backwards, snapping it where it lay.
Quickly the skeleton was awakened from its death bed, pushing its full upper body upwards as it breathed deeply. The chest of the figure pulsated forward, letting the air to be quickly released from her bony mouth. The king quickly snatched the bone he had snapped from the witch’s hand, noting the four fingers that moved towards it with deep anticipation.
“My bone, you fool!” the skeleton screamed as she pointed at the king with the other hand. The holes in which her eyes would have been positioned, narrowed despite the lack of skin covering the skull. The witch pushed the sides of the coffin in which she had rested. Pulling herself upwards with her skinny white bones, she fell onto the metal surface that had sprung from within the waters.
“It is time to move,” stated the king coarsely. Invicta nodded as he retrieved his spade from where it was placed.
“You will go only so far!” the skeleton screamed as she dipped her skeleton body into the purple liquid that had once been around her coffin. At first only the water tingled, forming perfect circular ripples in which she had drowned herself. Still, bubbles rose to the surface, as if the skeleton had sudden last breaths from its crumbled lungs.
The king and Invicta continued running through the bridge, careful not to touch the shimmering purple waters that so closely settled at the sides. Their pounding footsteps caused eerie noises to fill the air, as if the skeleton coming back to life was not enough.
“Faster! They are the waters of youth!” screamed Glacies as she positioned her arrow by her beating eye. Magni stood beside her with his sword in the air in front of him. His chest beat slowly as his face began to form perspiration.
“Of course, Glacies!” Invicta yelled, slightly irritated. He took his last step, touching the ground before the king, only footsteps behind him. Invicta’s last step was slightly hesitant, however, as if lured by Glacies’s words.
“What is he doing,” whispered Glacies more to herself than to Magni. “I know what you’re thinking Invicta! Don’t even put a toe in those waters. What helps the dead, will certainly be deathly to the living!” she yelled all the more.
The king did not wait for Invicta to move forward; instead, he grabbed Invicta’s shoulder, dragging him forward before he even stood to see his reflection in the waters.
Seeing the ripples forming once again in the waters, Glacies aimed. Tightening her vibrant eye, she released only one arrow towards the direction of the moving ripples with utter desperation. But it was not what it seemed to be. The arrow did not simply dive into the waters and sink its point into the bones. The bones, therefore, did not shatter. Instead, a moist hand quickly rose to the top, causing droplets of water to fall into the ripples formed. The fingers tightened, catching the arrow at the precise moment of its landing.
The finger fiddled with the weapon until the face of the figure was fully exposed. No longer did it appear to be the grandmother of Death, but the very distant child of his. Where her face had once shown scraps of skin hanging from the cheek bones, a steady smile formed on her moonlit skin. She was quite divine, yet a sinister appearance was evident. She held the arrow to her side, as she pulled back her luscious thick golden hair. Oddly, the hair was unwet by the waters; neither was her smooth skin or the black clothing she wore. Wearing a raggedy cloth in bitters before succumbing to the waters, her new black dress blemished the purple waves.
“Tell me, what year is it?” she questioned as she moved her body towards the shoreline. Her blonde hair glowed profoundly with the little light. Every strand of hair brightened with the shimmering waters. The black dress, tight on her slender body, contained a large transparent collar that curled around her neck. It was much like the simple dresses the queens of land wore to nothing more than funerals.
Invicta, stunned by the woman’s body and slightly bewildered by her transformation, answered. In this book, it does not quite matter whether the date was 2050 or even 103030. The dates have no meaning, for perhaps the years are quite different than those in the human world. Perhaps the world in which you have been eavesdropping is nothing more than another story. Still, perhaps a dream of a dream is not a dream at all.
Still the woman proceeded, lifting her leg from the waters. She curled her lips as if dominant in her own denomination. The others did not drift off, nor did they go towards her to dig their weapons deep through her beating throat. Instead, they peered into her eyes as she came closer to the entrance in which she came from. “Now, where is that bone,” she stated as she quickly glared at her hand. No longer did she have an index finger, instead there was a dip in which her finger would have lain.
“How is my dear brother, Magicalis, doing? He was quite the opposite of me. I could always win over him in battle, especially after the terrible accident his wife underwent. It’s a pity my soul mate and myself drifted apart from each other. Perhaps he would have had mercy on her,” she stated, looking upwards with a slight sadness.
“You are much closer than you think. It is my brother that has surely gone another way. You always had a heart, yet his has still to be ripped out,” stated the king with strong words that seemed to leap out from beneath his tongue.
“Fortis, magic is not wrong. It has never been. It is the use of it that makes it evil. You know it was a curse that was put onto me,” she stated. But her face of innocence soon turned into one of dread and divine hatred for all who awakened her from her domain.
The king shook his head, knowing the end was not over, “There is no point in fighting her. Run for the tunnels, for her soul is cursed,” the king stated as he looked back at the woman he only personally knew as a dear friend.
“You know very well of my powers then, Fortis!” she screamed with a raspy voice that escalated at the brink of irritation. Her eyes brightened much like the woman the four had seen in the dark musky huts far from the land in which the dead rested. The woman pushed back her hair before spreading her arms into the ancient air. Making a point with her clasped hands, she spread her arms away from each other. “The birds, they thirst,” she laughed with her croaking throat echoing through her chamber. She did not run after them, she merely waited for what was to come as she silently walked towards the exit of her rest.
“Can you tell us what is happening?” questioned Glacies slightly irritated as she ran with the king at her side.
“Her history is quite shocking. Scriptures have it that if she were to be awakened, her curse would only fall from her with the sinking of her own bone into her beating heart,” the king stated, slurring his words with his salivated tongue.
Glacies lifted up an eyebrow, “Well this certainly doesn’t happen every day. If you lend me the witch’s bone, I may be able to aim it deep into the heart you mentioned.”
The king looked upon the ground in deep thought, peering at his racing footsteps. “It is not necessary. We do not know how strong her powers are. Besides, her true self would not have wanted her friends to go through such extremes. After all, she has been seemingly dead for all these years,” he stated as they neared the little amount of greenish light at the entrance.
“My king, the birds,” stated Invicta as he pointed into the darkness where a slight reflection of shiny black feathers moved above in a tight circle.
“I know her dark magic. The crows are now in her possession. It is time to use our own magic in such circumstances!” the king stated boldly. It was not in his principle to use magic, primarily because most were only corrupted by its use. Magic was and still is a powerful source, a gift from the sky king above. But for what uses? It would depend on the hands of the beholder. They were already outside the realm of Malum where magic strived for little time.
The king looked towards the gate, already knowing it would be locked; he would attempt to unlock it after facing the witch. Glacies stood by it, shaking the doorway with no luck. “The bone,” stated Glacies as she raised her arm in the air. The king looked upwards, finally throwing the bone towards the siren. He watched as her hands clutched the powerful piece. Looking upon the bone, Glacies closed her eyes before whispering a scripture as she clutched the new weapon. In her hand no longer laid a bone, but an arrow of the silvery substance. A sharp point lay at the tip of the ivory object. Glacies looked up at the king, “It will last for only so long. Make it quick,” she stated as she ran to the statue.
“And what do you suppose you’re going?” questioned the king as his white cloak swayed with the wind in ambivalence.
Glacies looked behind, smiling peculiarly. “Hiding,” she stated as she climbed the white pedestal of a large statue. Putting the arrow in her mouth, she bit it as to not have it fall back towards the graves. She moved her arms and legs, raising her body onto the back of the male statue. Hanging from the swords on the back of the sculpture, Glacies waited for the arrival of the witch.
A shadow lurked through the tunnel. It was certain that it was the witch since the hyacinth was clearly seen behind a grave stone to the right. The witch continued wrapping her hands around the object she caught, until it was no more. Glacies smiled as she gazed at the witch, knowing the arrow had returned to her.
“Hand me the bone and I will leave,” she stated once again, glaring her possessed eyes at the king.
Fortis walked towards her, yet he did not retrieve his sword to dig it deep into her throbbing throat. “I cannot. Fight me for it,” he stated.
“I will,” she replied as she quickly dropped to the ground to retrieve a sharp broken piece of glass, pushing it upwards towards the king’s heart. Deeper she pushed the sharp object into his body as she tightened her gaze at the red blood that dripped down. She dropped the body, knowing it was only an imitation of Fortis that now stood a great distance away from her.
The king laughed, his deep voice throbbing before he spoke, “You still fall for such tricks!”
“You’re the few who deceive me in such matters,” she stated peculiarly as she watched above at the crows. A slight motion of her wrist with a slight whisper caused swirls of purple colors to fill the circle in which the crows flew with their own possessed souls. Their eyes were no longer the bold golden color, but a beating red.
“It is time,” the king whispered boldly to himself as he retrieved the axe at his side. Holding it by the handle, the axe awakened in its prominent purple form. “Do not kill her,” stated the king at Invicta and Magni who both stood behind a gravestone to the king’s side.
“And why is that, Fortis? You are a fool for thinking such things! Yet, your foolishness will be used against you. You will see!” the woman screamed with great might as her tight black dress seemed to tighten around her raging body. She smiled wickedly as she brought her fingers together for a snap, “It is certainly time.”
The crows that spread their deathly black wings to create a tunnel in the dark emerald sky croaked with agony. Yet, their agony was only used all the more for their revenge. As the snap echoed through the graveyard, so did the crows that flew above. Their eyes left the twister of purple light they had seemingly created to face those on the ground. Their protruding beaks were all they needed to muster the blood deep inside their enemies’ bodies.
The king whispered wordings himself, bringing his arms slowly in an upward curved position. He opened his eyes rather abruptly, grinning to himself as the gravestones around them began to crack. The thin cracks that spread along the stones continued wrapping their invisible force around the names of the dead. Invicta questioned the king’s actions with his concerned expression, for their only protection was being destroyed from them.
The crows above were not fearless; they merely searched for a source to quench their thirst as they dived down towards the grave stones that cracked with a profound snap. Their beating red eyes narrowed as they neared the heads and bodies of their deceivers. Flapping their wings with a considerable hasty force, the crows screamed harshly as they dug their beaks into Invicta’s extended arm he had used to block his head. He violently waved his spade without any luck, for the birds avoided the quick movement. Like flies, they fed on the little amount of blood that sprang from the small holes on his hand.
But the cracks on the gravestones were not done in vain, as the chips of stone raced into the center of the graveyard. Their thin imperfections scraped stone against stone until rising upwards with great force and taking the appearance of what seemed like a rather large hawk. The small pieces of stone swiveled in their position as the hawk of broken stones moved towards the crows surrounding Invicta. Quickly, Invicta rolled his body to the side as the stones dug their imperfections into the oily feathers of the bloodthirsty birds. Their bodies, being scrawny and swollen, quickly gave in to the sharp pieces as the crows cried in deep distress.
The pieces of stone scattered around the flock as the birds lifted their bloody wings into the air, the blood dripping down like droplets of water from the dark clouds above. Their screeching cries of suffering were unstoppable as they fluttered above to avoid the pieces of stone from sinking into the more vulnerable parts of their bodies. But the pieces of stone were also capable of flying above. They swiveled, showing the glossy reflection of the birds before cutting into their flesh without the slightest of mercy for such drab birds.
There were more of them, however, flying towards the king and the others for their own kind of revenge. Their beaks seemed far sharper than before and their wings longer than the scrawny feathers from the previous flock. It was certain these crows were far more confident than the other flock, for they did not stop to avoid the racing pieces of stone that followed them. The purple tunnel above, much like a twister, widened its dark hole as it sucked in the stones from around the crows. The pieces swiveled dismissively into the purple eye above until the last piece of stone disappeared along with its deceiver.
“You didn’t really think you would win this easily, did you?” questioned the woman as she rested her body on her right hip. She put her right arm at her side in a sarcastic manner as she curled her lips maliciously.
“I have more in store for you. You will see,” stated the king as he threw his axe towards the air above him. The purple light ignited from the axe as it swiveled into the gleaming black feathers of the crows only a short distance above. The axe’s sharp edge quickly dug deep into the flesh of its enemies, cutting the heads of the possessed beasts as the reflection showed the evil stare in their eyes.
There was still more, however. Flocks of the small beasts flew from afar, their beating black wings swooping towards the land in which the dead rested. Invicta rose from his calm position by a lonely gravestone, pushing his blade deep into the eyes of his predators. He watched as the crows silently fell to the ground along with the preceding carcasses, filling the ground with glossy feathers covered with a thick liquid seeping from within them. Some of the birds, however, froze in their golden position caused by a particular wound from the spade.
Magni took a different approach, using both enchantments and weapons for his doing. With his exposed hand, he moved it through the air as he spoke wordings of enchantment. Around him, the wind abided to his humming as it threw the beasts towards the ground. Their bold bodies dove into the soft dirt, covering them in their position until the spade dug itself into their bodies in an end to their little suffering.
Glacies continued her stance on the statue until a small group of the horrid birds found their way towards her direction. Glacies watched as the witch smiled and glared at her in her relaxed position. Glacies tightened her stare as she waited for the birds’ arrival. Quickly she dug into the back, retrieving the arrows that had already defended her ponderous of times. One by one the arrows flew into the moving feathers above, each sinking into the predators as they stalked their prey. Yet, three birds found a way to avoid such blows as they swerved away with the use of the strong wind.
The crows did not disappear, however, as Glacies believed. Instead, they flew back, aiming towards the motionless body that clung to the statue of a bold figure. She had heard the horrid sound of the birds’ making. But it was too late as they dug their pesky beaks into her exposed leg. She grimaced, finding the situation as folly. With her bow still intact in her hand, she hit the small skulls of the birds, watching amusingly as each of them hit the ground at precisely the exact moment. Their beating red eyes no longer exposed the brightness they once did. Instead they dimmed dismissively along with their slowly decaying bodies.
Glacies withdrew the bone in her mouth, turning it around in the palm of her hand as she slowly looked above as more of the crows awaited a challenge. She smiled peculiarly as she pointed with the bone towards the black cloud racing towards her. With a few words seeping from her mouth, the bony finger no longer seemed to contain the mentality of a structure of a body, but as an awakened wand. She had read a small amount of pages from the great books of enchantment her father had stored so carefully from her prying eyes. She had thought the enchantments useless until noting the fact that she had the most valuable object in her hand.
Quickly, the preying beasts turned into nothing more than pure skeleton figures swaying with the wind. The bundles of bones simply clashed against each other, creating a deathly tune in the dark of night. They slowly spun until digging their sharp sides deep into the dirt to bury them.
“It cannot be!” shrieked the witch as she threw her arms into the violent greenish wind around her. Her hair swayed violently behind her as her face grimaced with deep agony. “Only a few are worthy enough to know the true magic of such a masterpiece! Give it to me girl! It is not worthy for your weak hands to use such a thing!”
Glacies continued smiling as she transformed the bone into the arrow she had designed it to be. “Enough of this witch!” she yelled as she pulled back the string as far as it allowed her to. Moving her fingers quickly as to not be slashed by the thread, she released it as she watched the blur of the arrow flying directly towards the heart of its prominent owner. The witch had grimaced, smiling much wider as she anticipated the siren’s action.
The arrow did not puncture her chest in which her heart beat permissively, however. Instead, the witch’s hand leapt into the air without the slightest hint of accuracy. Yet the fingers had wrapped themselves around the slender figure of the bone, transforming it into the bone shape it was designed to be. She laughed coarsely, knowing as well as the others that death was near. She had the weapon capable of providing others with a silent death unless her life ended before theirs. It was not an option though; this is what the king had said himself.
“It seems you have failed Fortis,” the witch said silently, much of a whisper than a statement. She continued tossing the bone between her fingers, not hearing the king’s quick words between his chapped lips. Glacies hoped the king knew what he was enchanting, for she was in the witch’s view—the first to die …again.
The king motioned his hand towards Glacies, a profound white light spreading across his fingertips in anticipation for its release. Still he hid his power beneath his white cloak, touching his chest and waiting patiently for the witch’s destruction.
“Little girl, you look much familiar. Perhaps I can distinguish your resemblance once you are petrified in front of my very feet,” the witch stated as she pushed the bone of her own finger towards Glacies. The force of the wind seemed to work against her, however. Still, she steadied her head, whispering an ancient language before flicking the wand once again at the girl who so much resembled one of her closest friends before her own death. A black fog-like light swiftly moved its way towards Glacies’s chest, inching forwards to take life from the body.
Glacies’s heart pumped between these short moments as she closed her eyes with dignity. She did not know of any defense powers, much less against the power of death itself. She opened her eyes, wondering if death was not as painful as she had thought it to be. She had died; still, she thought the venom of the spider had prevented her from feeling the pain she expected. In front of her, a small sphere of white light expanded as the black string of death attempted to puncture the odd force.
The witch wrinkled her nose in annoyance as she rolled her golden eyes in anticipation for the death she longed to cause. She flicked her wand once again, this time towards the maker of the force—the king. Fortis was already prepared, however, throwing his clutched hand into the air to release the power. Much like a virus, the white light quickly abolished the black force until it was no more than the light darkness that surrounded them.
“Your force is useless, my dear friend. Do you not remember speaking to me of the only spell capable to defend your black magic?” questioned the king as he laughed loudly in the silence of the ancient graveyard. “It was a secret you have long forgotten, but yet it deceives you!”
The king walked slowly towards the angry witch, moving his arms to protect himself from another attempt of black enchantment. The king smiled once again, wrapping his fingers along the woman’s hands until he grasped the weapon the witch had so strongly worshipped. She did not attempt to defy to the king; her weak figure fell to the side of her own grave chamber. Her bright eyes moved towards the ground until she looked upwards at the shadow in fear as the bone stabbed her moving chest.
It was not a matter of life or breaths that caused the witch to open her eyes much wider than normal. It was simply the leaking of a curse that had been cultivated rather pleasantly in her own heart, feeding off her soul for means of destruction. The woman let out a high pitched scream, much more exaggerated than thought to be. She fell towards the ground before a set of arms caught her limp, yet breathing body. The black dress wrapped around her body continued to shine despite the circumstances.
Fortis looked upon the woman’s face, hoping to see signs of little life still entrapped in the body. Her face, soft and moist, showed emotionless about his arms. Yet, her chest moved upwards in a slow but rhythmical pattern.
The king stood abruptly, noticing the staring eyes around him. “Invicta, do carry Cecidit. This is her primary name you shall call her by,” stated the king as he lifted the woman’s body towards Invicta’s spread arms.
Glacies, slightly appearing jealous, quickly walked to the front as she graciously lowered her body just enough to spread her fingers through the entrancing fur of the hyacinth. The hyacinth opened its large jaws as it breathed heavily, causing an echo through its very mouth.
“Go behind me, Death will not appreciate what we have done,” stated the king as he touched the rails composing the rusty black gate of the graveyard, “Neither will the witches, for that matter.”
“And why is that?” stated Glacies sarcastically, “First of all, we do have the stupid finger bone Death asked for. And secondly, if the witches supposedly know of our future, they would have attempted to stop us from causing such a catastrophe.”
The king continued walking up the dry and rocky path until nearing the small black huts they had wandered through only a short moment ago. “It is true; we have what Death has demanded of us. Yet, there are secrets you have yet to hear about. The witches can only seek our future with a gulp of their tasteless potion. Still yet, they only see a blur of what is to come in the late future,” the king answered, only turning his head to face Glacies for a mere second.
The course trail led to the path composed of emerald green stones bordering it. With each step, these ancient stones brightened their green color as if wrapping their force around their feet.
An elderly lady, with pulled back splinted brown hair, lifted her head to view the group heading towards her. She bit her tongue earnestly; the mole to the right side of her dry lips seemed to darken with the rush of blood. She wrinkled her nose with contempt as her black cat curled its body along her leg beneath the tattered black skirt she wore. The cat, mystifying enough with its vibrant yellow eyes, stared at the five as its fur brightened with a slight touch of dark green.
“Hurry Invicta! I can’t stand the stench of such a place,” stated Glacies as she turned around at Invicta who walked a few steps behind them.
“Was it not the same at the castle beneath the stream?” whispered Invicta as they neared the woman who stood with her humped back against a weak post that seemed to hold the roof of the hut. The cat purred as it saw the hyacinth nearing her territory. It opened its mouth with anger, curling its jaws to expose a set of shiny deathly columns of white chips.
“Would you not buy a few items I have collected in my hut?” asked the mysterious woman. She wrapped her hand along a thick and ancient cane as she began to walk towards them in a steady manner. Her voice croaked once again, a voice of the elderly.
“I assure you have nothing that would benefit us,” stated the king as he nodded with assertion.
“In fact I do,” stated the woman as her dark green eyes brightened with contentment. “However, I only trade for such things. What is that you hide so keenly against your cloak?” the woman questioned as she pointed her trembling discolored finger at Fortis.
The king stopped in his stance, knowing the witch before him would cause great chaos in a short amount of time. “I assure you, it is nothing of significance. Perhaps we could venture here at a later time,” stated Fortis as he peered into the witch’s dark eyes.
“It is not a matter of importance, but the perception of such things. I have felt the power beneath your cloak. It is not something to be readily forgotten. Give it here and you will evade what I have to offer,” screeched the elderly witch as her wrinkled eyes tightened along with her disproportioned smile.
“Can I stick my arrow in her skull?” whispered Glacies with great irritancy. She leveled her arrow in her bow, only to hold it by her side.
“You shall not! Go on without me, I will have the witch fall asleep into my own hands,” stated the king in a low voice as to not have his comment heard by the elderly woman.
But as the king looked up, he had failed to notice the hiding shadows to his sides. He had not seen the preying eyes and ears that watched and listened with greedy intentions. From the sides of their huts, small children, primarily young girls, slowly walked towards the primary scene in their small province. Their eyes, shown with dark shadows, seemed to diminish the idea of innocence. Their black clothing, much used in ancient times, straddled along their slim figures. The girls wore long thin dresses, much more of a shawl than what it was designed to be. On the other hand, the boys wore what appeared to be a vest over a tattered shirt. While there were boys, there did not seem to be fathers.
In the upstairs rooms of the small peculiar huts, hands moved the handles as to open the musty and cracked windows that had been long since opened. As the windows opened, small grains of sand that had found its way in the crevices, fell to the ground below. Elderly woman figures, much like the weak woman in front of them, eyed every movement down below. It was slightly awkward to be in such a situation when the boat only lied a short distance away. The skull could be slightly seen as it turned its head to face the dilemma. It grimaced with annoyance. “You have no authority to halt them!” he spoke with a deep cracked voice.
“And what authority do you have? Stay away from our lands! It’s a pity we cannot entirely kill you!” yelled one of the witches in the second story of the hut. Her voice, being high pitched, snarled in the green illuminated darkness.
“Oh how I wish I could die! But that is no concern to you witches! While you cannot end life for me, I could surely end yours. Only make an opportunity of such things, and I will take no time away from your pitiful lives,” stated the skull, narrowing his ruby jeweled eyes.
“Thank you for your concern. What you say, you cannot do; for you are weak with the curse of another. Yet, we have a weapon much more of value than your simple covenant,” spoke another elderly figure, her voice being slightly lower than the other woman.
“Witches of Portendens, the time has come to which we will retrieve the lost bone of enchantment! No longer will the curse be upon us! Sacrifiction is key, it is tradition!” the witch in front of the five spoke as she smiled wickedly in her stance. The cat let out a long cry of torture, much for the individuals in front of it than for itself.
“It shall be as you say,” stated the king as he withdrew the bone finger from its hidden position.
“That wand of bone has no effect on us,” spoke the same hoary witch as she moved her eyes in an odd manner, “We are blessed in several ways, especially by the woman you hold in your hands.” She smiled once again, this time showing a set of rotten green teeth beneath the gap of her dehydrated lips.
The king did not waste time putting the finger away; instead he retrieved his axe from his side, throwing it with great effort at the woman in front of him. He watched, only to find the witch quickly lifting her hand in the air while enchanting strong words. A sheet of thin ice formed in front of her body as the axe froze in its stance. Slowly small cracks enabled the axe’s return to the hand that had thrown it.
Glacies and the others were quick to act upon the enchantments of the others. Glacies hastily aimed her arrows at the woman who closed in on them, only to find that each arrow missed its target. It was quite frustrating to think that their acts of attack were merely actions of defense as they slowed their predators from reaching them. There was not much Invicta and Magni could do, only to recite certain wording to cause a thick mist to form around them. It was not certain if the mist was to protect them or act as an entryway for the witches’ bodies to pass through.
But a hand was quick to pull Glacies backwards as she fell upon the ground in a familiar place she had walked upon. Soft screeches from the stairs disappeared as she was dragged backwards to the other side of the interior. She only saw shadows and the thick fog that overlaid the ancient hut. She knew Invicta was by her side, for she felt the armor clang against the cracked wood on the ground.



Chapter 19

Awakening


Light began to form and the appearance of shadows disappeared into the light. The whispering blonde swirls of hair and the jewelry that clashed against each other did not pertain to no other than the mysterious woman they had met before. She held a finger to her watered lips as to motion the four not to speak a word in the light darkness inside her dominion. Her steps walked through the hut as she peered through the tattered black sheets that covered the dirty windows. Her silent gaze waited patiently until she walked back to the others.
“There was no need…,” began the king as he began to slowly rise up, helping Invicta with the sleeping beauty.
“The witches are not someone you wish to be enemies of. I only help because I know the woman you carry. As a little orphan girl, Cecidit took me into her own arms. Until the catastrophe that took over her, of course. This is the little I can do to repay my debt,” she stated with sadness. A reassuring smile surfaced on her face as she ran her hand through the hair of her guardian. “They have gone to the graves. Knowing how stealthy they are, they have most likely left two of them to guard the boat,” hurried the young woman.
She hassled through the hut, sinking her fingers deep into walls. As if quicksand, her fingers felt inside until retrieving a small silver box with a golden finish. The hyacinth released its grip on Magni’s collar, as it slowly walked to sniff the substance inside the containment. The woman fanned her hand in an attempt to push the hyacinth away from her feet with little success.
She paused for a moment, having her back facing the others. Then she slowly turned, placing the box onto the dark reddish side table against the wall. “Cecidit gave me this once ago, telling me it would serve well one day. In it she had placed a vile with a bright pink color just before her body was no more. Now I know the time has come for its purpose,” stated the woman as she brought the small vile upwards to the light. She watched as the small pink liquid crystals sparkled with the light source. Shaking the vile in a calm slow motion, she uncapped the clear crystal plug shaped as a skull.
“Why did you not awaken her?” questioned Glacies abruptly. She did not quite trust the woman just yet. Could it be that she destined the bone for herself?
“Years passed and none knew of the secret she had possessed. Magic has its downfalls, of course. It was a curse that prevented all from entering through the black roses entwined around her grave. We could not speak unless questioned about it through souls of innocence or the destiny possessed. Our powers were useless to her defenses until unknown strangers came into our presence,” she stated motioning with her eyes towards the four.
Invicta pulled Cecidit upwards as her body fell against his armored chest. “Where is the wound?” the woman questioned as she stared into the blank expression of her guardian.
“At the most vulnerable part of her body, the heart,” stated Fortis, “I punctured it with the bone as legends spoke of.”
“It is saddening how some believe it is only stories, unlike reality. I will drip the droplets of the pink juice into the wound made. Hold her tight, for she will spring forward in rage. She is not asleep, but awake. Cover her mouth!” ordered the woman as she searched for the heart beneath the black dress. Moving the tip of the vile towards the ground, small drops found their way towards the golden wound until disappearing deep inside.
Cecidit’s eyes opened, drastically expressing the feeling of aggression as they began to pulsate with small golden veins that swelled with a new dimension. Her body pulsated with vigor as she attempted to pull herself upwards to unleash her wrath against her holders. Invicta thrust Cecidit’s arms to the ground as she attempted to pull the foreteller to clash against her own skull. Cecidit drooled immensely, having the slobber fly around herself as Invicta thrust her head from side to side in deep frustration. “How long is this supposed to undergo. You know the witches will return.”
“Do not tell me what I already know! Until the crystals find their way deep into the heart, she will continue her unconscious stance. You have killed the curse, but it is still to endeavor escape,” screamed the woman with a frustration of her own as she pushed Cecidit’s forceful legs hard to the wooden ground.
Cecidit began to widen her eyes in distress as her once light appearance turned into a breathless expression. Her lips began to swell as her face began to turn into a darker tone. She settled her moving body, calming herself between painful breaths until she began to choke between tears. Invicta looked up to the eyes of Cecidit without questioning her motives.
“I do not know what is happening,” the foreteller stated as she pushed hard against Cecidit’s throat. She opened her mouth, hoping that Cecidit’s lungs would find air through the large opening.
“Have you poisoned her?” yelled Invicta with deep rage, his face tightening with goldness.
“Do not accuse me! How should I have known of its effects?” screamed the woman at Invicta. Only Cecidit lay in the center between the rages of the two.
Fortis retrieved his sword, swiveling it so that the hilt of the spade faced the ground. Swiftly, he thrust the hilt to come pounding onto the wooden floor, causing a loud powerful sound. “Shouting is not going to make the difference between life and death. We must go to Death for an answer. It is the only way,” stated the king as he began to move to the entrance of hut.
“Fortis, I cannot say I trust Death as much as I used to. Will he not want her dead more than anything? You of all know of her past,” stated the woman as she saw the king carefully opening the door knob of the cracked door.
“I do know that Death has secrets of his own,” he stated softly as he opened the door ever so slightly as he peered in a small crack. Shadows lurked from far away. Still they would see them.
“We have no capsules left, what must we do? Is there another way out?” questioned Glacies as she placed an arrow into her bow. She strummed the string with anticipation.
“Go through the back door. It is a door, only believe and you will see,” stated the woman as she quickly rose up from her kneeled position. Running to a small sink, she reached into the side where a small black stove sizzled with bright red coals. She opened the small door, exposing two small loafs of greenish moist bread. Swiftly, she grabbed a white cloth from a drawer, carefully wrapping the bread within the white fabric until it was fully covered.
“Some things are best without the excess of magic. Don’t be fooled by its small size. Even a small crumb can sustain life for several hours,” she stated after a long silence as she motioned for the door that only appeared on acts of belief. Invicta grabbed the loaf of bread, grinning at the woman as if forming a truce while Magni took the position of holding Cecidit.
All three went through the door that was seemingly not there until finding themselves outside along with the hyacinth who had followed. The back of the hut was not much different from the front side. The thin pieces of black wood stacked upon each other was the composition of the huts. There was little space in the backside of the hut, especially since the long green plants scraped and scratched at whatever was near. Small insects of deep annoyance did not fail to touch the ends of their ears as they slowly made their way across. It was still slightly dark, yet a glow of green continued illuminating their path towards the waters.
“I hear snickering,” stated Glacies as she stopped in front of the others. Her palm faced the others as if stopping them from proceeding any further.
“I smell something awfully peculiar amidst,” stated a voice.
“Awe so do I. Then they are here. Are they not? Those foolish witches thought they would continue westward did they not? Now we must take the bone for ourselves!” screeched another voice far more high pitched than the other.
“Oh I can almost taste the drops of sweat dripping down their chins. It is not a matter of when to kill them but how,” stated the other witch.
“I feel their prying eyes staring at us. Hand me the eye, sis!” stated a high pitched voice.
“Oh but wait! They are listening ever so quietly. Such things must be done delicately,” stated the sister as she rose up. Only a flicker of her black cloak was seen as she walked forward.
“I smell death, do you not skull?” asked the other sarcastically to Death. There was no response from his part as he only smiled with enthusiasm.
“What must we do?” Glacies whispered.
“The wisest thing to do would be to keep the eye, yet it would see all,” stated the king.
“Can we not puncture it, blinding the two at once?” asked Invicta with a frown.
“No, of course not. The eye must be powerful or it would not have been so easily used. Have it go in the waters, there the eye will guide the user,” answered the king.
He closed his eyes as he spoke ancient words once again with an expressionless face. He did this until he heard the cries of the witch as her eye ball came out from her socket.
“What happened sister?” the other asked as she jolted forward with nothing but her blindness to guide her. Her wrinkled face and closed eye socket throbbed as she searched for the eye within the ground.
“They have it, my sister! The four with the bone!” she screamed with utter anger and defeat.
“Let us show them the power of two blind sisters and the third they have so deceivingly grasped,” stated the witch with the high pitched voice that caused a painful throb to the listeners’ ears. They quickly found their way by voice, clasping their hands into the others. They began to chant, causing green smoke to glide around their frozen state. Faster and more violently the smoke began to rise around them until their figurines began to disappear beneath the shade of green.
“The eye is in my hands,” stated the king, “They know it is here.” Fortis clutched the ball with the palm of his hands. A small amount of thick mucus found its way to the ground, causing the dirt to moisten. As if a muscle of its own, the eye reluctantly began to move around violently. As it turned, the king quickly covered the pupil before staring into the dark center for merely a second—an accident too small to miss.
“Ah, I see his face, quite handsome indeed. A pity it will rot like the rest,” stated a voice too close to miss.
“Now my sister, it is time!” screamed the other voice as the green fog began moving closer. The king did not look up, only tightening his eyes all the more while whispering words not known to the others. His face, once expressionless, now shown passionate as the words slipped from his bittering lips.
The faces of the witches, now fully visible from within the clouds of green, laughed with impishness. Each face bore an empty socket in which the eyeball was so carefully positioned, that is, until the eye was stolen from their bony fingers. Glacies, however, was quick to shoot an arrow deep into the throat of the witch with the loud screeching voice. But it was not meant to be, for the face quickly faded, only showing the arrow in its frozen position until disappearing along with the impression of the figure. Glacies wrinkled her nose in irritancy as she screamed louder than the witches.
The king, however, did not open his eyes during the chaos. He waited for the correct moment to unleash the power he had so carefully built up.
“Sister, make it rain upon them,” stated the screeching sister.
The king rose up, “Do you not want your eye?”
“Give it to us along with the bone and no harm will be done,” stated the witches at the same time, their voices intertwining in an odd manner.
“It shall be! Death, catch!” stated the king as he threw the eyeball with great force towards the area in which the boat lay. The eyeball hit the interior of the boat, bouncing upwards into the jaws of the skull as it bit it ever so softly.
“You fool!” screamed one of the sisters. “I cannot say I was not going to kill you if you had given me my possession. After all, I could kill you now!” she yelled as her arms appeared before them. She thrust her hands high in the air until swiftly lowering them with dominance. The green particles composing the fog rised upwards, swirling much like the funnel created in the graveyard until it began dripping from above. Small poisonous droplets found their way towards the ground, towards the feet of the individuals to prey on. Their reflection showed not the faces of horror, but gnashing of teeth in the middle of each drop of acid.
“Droplets of stridor,” whispered the king more to himself than to the others. With calamity, he swiftly opened his tightly clenched hands, exposing a blue force much too strong to oversee.
Glacies blocked her sight with her elbow, as she faintly saw a strong and bright blue light open around her. The strange force formed much like a transparent globe with a touch of blueness, blocking the droplets of green acid as they raced into the force with no success. The odd small teeth in each droplet moved with frustration, their fierce sharp canines unable to puncture the bubble that protected all inside. As each teardrop fell to the ground, each watched as the teeth began to throb on each grain of sand until most of it disappeared. A deep burrow stretched along the protective force; the droplets failed to sink their teeth into flesh, diminishing without the moistness of each drop into the dirt below.
Fortis blinked once before stretching both his arms in opposite directions as if collapsing the force around him. As if obeying, the protection quickly disappeared along with the green fog around them. Glacies released her grip on the hyacinth’s thick skin until the bristles of hair that had warmed the sides of her fingers disappeared from existence.
“Find the eye, sister! I cannot see, only the mouth of the dreadful skull!” screamed one of the sisters at the other end.
The witch with the high pitched voice walked blindly towards the boat, scratching at its surface until finding the skull that boldly stood at the front. The skull was not as generous, however. With a quick relaxation of its jaws, the ball rolled to the side of the boat until swiftly falling into the light green waters in which a stir of souls began to surface. Hearing the splash, the witch blindly dove into the waters along with the eye, never to resurface again.
“Sister!” cried the other with defeat until somewhere, somehow, the witch saw the death of her own sister. The souls of both woman and men grabbed hold of the witch, dragging her against the boulders underlining the waters. Within a few minutes without breath, the weak lungs gave in to a blind death within the waters, accompanying the numerous skulls and bones tousled at the base of the stream.
Before the blind witch could cry once more or bury the others with her fury, the king threw his axe, watching the purple light as it drifted in green air until slowly sinking into the wicked witch’s neck. The body fell to the ground, no longer suffering from the death of her own sister but of her own. Her frightening bare eye socket laid open as small insects began to climb the outskirts of her decaying body.
“It is time! We must leave at once!” yelled the king as he feared the shadows that continued approaching from the graveyard they had only escaped from. Surely they had sensed and possibly heard the loud screeches before the result of a puddle of reflecting liquid.
“Not so fast!” objected the skull as it stared its beading blank eyes at the flustered king.
“The bone is within my hands! Move the boat at once!” yelled the king at the calm skull. The skull shook its head, for it had no fear of the witchs’ approaching steps.
“Hand me the bone as I had demanded of you! Only then will you escape the witchs’ clutches. Who have you there? The stench is oddly familiar,” stated the skull with confusion.
“This is not the time. What use is a bone to you? You of all people should know of the woman you so truly loved!” yelled the king with a raging anger. He threw the returned axe to the base of the boat, not merely looking downward to see the jagged edge produced. Quickly, the old and cracked boat returned to its previous form, releasing the axe from its once dominant stance.
“Is it truly who you speak of? How could I forget a curse coming from such a woman! I loathe her tremendously. She has deceived me, that woman! I will see what will become of her once I am who I was before. Repeat after me, the ancient language of the magical arts, as you point the tender bone at my figure,” stated the skull rapidly. It seemed as if a small amount of drool slowly escaped the clenched mouth, dripping down the white bone until hitting the base of the boat with a loud splat.
“It was the curse of your own rod that transformed her! And here you lie at your own misery,” the king stated before waiting for the skull to speak an enchantment to release him from his own dreadful curse. The words spiraled through the air as meaningless as the claws of the trees that scraped the air. It was not wording known to all, but only to the truly ancient ones. As the king spoke the wording aloud, the ruby eyes of the skull began to brighten with mischievousness. But the power of such a smile did not last for long as the last word was spoken without success.
The skull looked down with defeat, not knowing the cause of such a failure. It scanned the environment as if searching for answers when it was known to be meaningless from the beginning. Already, the screaming voices of the witches were heard as they neared the diminishing dock before them. The skull looked up, slightly angered as it spoke once again, “It is the woman you carry! What folly is this? For she has kept the language through her own mouth to do such makings. Hand her here, her body only throbs for the soul to be slowly released. Yet, I need her to speak for my sake,” replied the skull with a deep irritation, not taking into consideration the witches that seeked revenge.
The skull looked deep into the waters, searching for a prime power deep under the surface. With a whisper of words unheard by the others, the skull caused the water’s surface to bubble infuriatingly until the bubbles that formed were no more than a sheet of light green rising upwards. Soon, the wrinkly faces of most of the witches were not to be seen. Their eyes, shrewd and bold, diminished with the last of the green covering.
“It will only hold them for so long,” stated the skull as he returned to gaze upon the divine woman lying on the base of the boat, emotionless from afar.
The skull shook his head with discomfort, knowing the worst of his worries was yet to come. Silent as the boat was, the skull began to whisper several phrases with seemingly no effect. Yet, towards the distance, it could be certain that the waters began to vibrate, producing shimmering ripples on the reflection of the scattering claws nearly touching them. As the skull continued its devotions, more ripples began to take shape as they moved closer to the source of the sound.
Nearly close to the boat, only a body length away, the several souls began to walk upon the surface of the waters. Their expressionless faces seemed close to the appearance of the few zombies that roamed the deserted landscapes of the land. The souls did not smile, nor did they blink their eyes on their green gloomy figure. Yet, the skull began to higher his voice, as if commanding the souls in his clutches to swirl around the boat. As the four watched, they saw that the souls’ figures looked no more as they had been. Instead, they took the appearance of green blurs of light encircling the boat.
Glacies watched with wonder while a slight emotion of confusion dominated her facial expression. She looked to her side at the sleeping figure of Sicarius. She fiddled with the short strands of pitch black hair, only to quickly stare into the eyes of the hyacinth that sat at her defense.
Invicta, curious and daring as always, made it his destiny to touch the few spirits close enough to the boat. An arm, limp as can be, fell from the swirl until Invicta swiftly touched the fingers that motioned for his disposal. The green fingers wrapped around his, attempting to pull him deep into the air along with the other souls. Invicta quickly brushed his fingers along the smooth portions of his armory, not expecting the odd sensation that throbbed beneath his skin.
A green liquid of color formed in the middle of the green whirl of souls. Obediently, the green power in the middle of the darkness, lowered until inching downwards towards the base of the boat. Slowly, the large sphere began to diminish in size and shape until flowing with the wind around it. Yet, the source was guided rather dominatingly towards the limp body of Cecidit.
The skull turned his beading eyes once again to his former soul mate, yet he did not smile, for such happiness was easily forgotten and not easily remembered. Only one word was left for the curse to be ridden of until it slipped from the skull’s glossy teeth, causing the body to rise on its own. Cecidit’s mouth opened as a cloud of dark purple slowly eased out of her body, making room for the green cloud to enter. The embroidery wrapping along her slim figure elevated on the edges of her shoulders.
“Torva, is it you that seeks the power of the bone you so cunningly bestowed me?” stated Cecidit as her eyelids opened, exposing emerald jewels that sparkled all the more due to the immense glow of the souls around them.
The skull clenched its jaw, moving it from side to side to produce an odd sound. “It is I, the one you deceived!”
“It was not I that deceived you, Torva, but the ancient bone. It must lie deep in the waters, never to be touched again,” stated Cecidit as her eyes became the normal green color they once were. She stepped onto the base of the boat, slightly kneeling herself to the skull’s level.
“It was one of my greatest possessions, yet you were by far more worthy than that. If it is as you say, it cannot be destroyed, but hidden by all. Release me of the curse you unwillingly brought upon me. For Cecidit, I have longed your company,” stated the skull silently before the loud screams of the witches behind the cluster of the disappearing barrier.
“It will be done as you say. For years I have been asleep, yet here I am with the one that gave me life once again,” she stated as she grabbed the bone from the hands of the king. She tightened her fingers along the thin object, embracing it far more than it was worthy of. She looked upon the ground in agony, yet her watering eyes looked forward as she pointed the bone at the skull that had for years wandered on nothing more than a boat.
Quickly slurring her words in a precise manner, Cecidit released the power of her wordings through her moist pale lips that shivered with the power they bestowed. The bone she held so tightly in her hand began to release a mixture of small white particles moving across the atmosphere with the wind’s movement. Slowly the white fragments began to combine into solid pieces of bone. First the ribs were connected, then the skeleton arms and legs, until what was left was a floating skeleton body by the side of the boat.
“It is to be,” stated the skull, realizing his body would never take the same figure it was destined to be. The skull began to drastically vibrate as it promptly shot into the air, swiveling until being connected to the skeleton body that had awaited such a prize.
The enchantment did not end there, however. A thin lining, like a semitransparent sheet, did not fail to cover the rough and protruding bones. His head tilted downwards as he saw his once bony body being covered with a black shimmering cloak that swayed drastically with the wind’s current. Lastly, his face began to take the form of a pale face, one of which contained long black strands of hair that covered his forehead with a sway. His face was quite simply composed, nothing too much to withstand and not too little to become bored when looked upon. He smiled bitterly as he stared at his reflection from the waters bellow, remembering his prime object of divinity.
Death, also known as his ancient name Torva, lowered his hand towards the water as if to grab an object. Instead, however, the waters began to vibrate, providing small shimmers and ripples throughout the now calm stream. But then something protruded from the waters. It was not a spirit or merely a fish from the deathly domain, but a staff that had once fallen deep beneath the pits. Slowly, the small black sphere atop a shiny shadowy purple stick began to surface the waters, bearing the purple clouded magic stored inside. A touch of anyone but Death himself would cause a burn beneath any surface protecting the skin. The staff elevated to the hovering body until a cold hand clenched the simple source of power.
Torva did not waste time, for it was time that prolonged death. He faced the now clear barrier he had ordered Fortis to speak upon. Now the barrier was merely a clear form slowly failing to defend itself against the blows of magic from the fuming witches on the other side. The witches would thrust their hands back until pushing the colored force against the force only Death himself was able to create. The king had only produced the voice for his making. Now the spheres of power that left the witches sunk deeper into the barrier until one of them managed to escape to the other side.
Torva turned around; a menacing expression covered his face as he narrowed his eyes in frustration. He held his staff upwards to the little light that began to disappear along with the spirits nearing their home beneath the waves. He directed his power towards the sphere that slowly began to move its way towards its primates. Small strands of fire emblazed around the sphere as the flames flickered in their hovering stance. Without further due, the sphere of power that had once seemed worthy even to dominate Death himself, slowly was enclosed with the pounding of the green murky waters.
He thrust his staff towards the shield once again, having his cloak continue to elevate along with his wrath. As if shattered, the strange force that had protected the little life disappeared below. The witches, frail as can be, stared into the eyes of their deceiver. Shocked as they were, one of them swayed her hand from side to side while whispering an incantation from beneath her dry chapped lips. A small blue light source formed as she flicked it with her hand towards Torva who had failed to see the devious witch before him. Cecidit, fully awakened by her recent quandary, swiftly shot her hand towards the magical element, having it hover in the air before falling like an object with an awkward splash down below.
“Do not have me rethink your destinies at this prime moment!” yelled Torva with a renewed strength, his raspy voice echoing through the damp atmosphere.
“You have caused us enough pain already! Yet you are the only one who lives while the rest of us are left to die! We will die only in vain if we don’t put you beneath the waters in which you bury death!” snickered one of the witches by the decaying dock. The elderly woman’s overly large nose pointed slightly downwards as if made by an overwhelming amount of spongy cartilage.
“Do not tell me what I have done. Was it not you who had preyed upon the bone that was taken from you?” Torva pointed his staff threateningly at the crowd.
“It was a gift from you. It was a gift that has put us in ruins!” others screamed against the power of Death himself. Their frail voices drifted with the wind currents around them until all they saw was a mere reflection of themselves upon the green murky waters.
It was that simple. Torva had moved the palm of his hand around the sphere that dominated the power of his staff. Whispering a few wordings himself caused the waters to move the small boat away from the wrath of the witches, leaving a trail of profound white fog to overwhelm the witchs’ sight.
“What is done is done. Fortis, I am not more on your side than I am on Malum’s. When death seems near a person, I only come to take that weak life away, nothing more,” stated Torva as he sat down on the small boat that slowly made its way further from the witchs’ domain.
“It is a shame. Malum will only cause more death upon the land. Is that not what you seek?” questioned the king.
“It is not so,” stated Torva as he frowned upon the ground, “I have had a complicated life, if any. Yet, I am neutral to all that comes and goes. I have no life myself, but a curse upon me. I am the only one suited for this contract as you can see,” he slowly smiled as he moved his hand towards Cecidit while his black cloak provided a large gap underneath his arm.
“Will you not keep your promise in awakening Sicarius?” questioned Glacies, slightly flustered of the idea of having a conversation with a half dead body by her feet.
“Patience. You have kept your share. It is nothing but a miracle that has given me life on this day. On this very day, from year to year, I will not divide body from soul or soul from body,” stated Torva as he held Cecidit’s soft hand.
He grabbed a cupful of fog before it landed on his chest. Blowing upon the fog, he produced a goblet made of bone with a profound red liquid that shimmered inside. After a drink from his creation, Torva looked upon Sicarius. Her body lay upon the ground emotionless with only her fingers curled tightly upon a sparkling blade.
Cecidit narrowed her stare, peering with renewed interest at the weapon that gleamed before her. She frowned all the more, yet she did not question what she saw. She only nodded to herself as the whispers of her golden hair spread above her glinting eyes. She knew the power of the twin blades she saw. There were two pairs of those daggers, one set that had been long forgotten. She looked upwards at the peering eyes of Glacies’s stare. “You heard the girl, breathe the life you have taken from her,” Cecidit stated as she tightened her grip on Torva’s hand.
“As you say,” he replied. He spoke the words that had caused the body to become petrified in its position. As he rose up, his cloak swept the base of the boat until it reached the feet of Sicarius. “Evigilabit Awake,” he spoke the last word of his incantation as he closed his shining objects of sight. He touched the stoned fingers of the woman whom had been frozen. The fingers slowly began wrapping upon the palm of the firm hand until the body was elevated to Torva’s height. Sicarius’s neck, still limp, began to elevate as her eyes swiftly awakened along with a loud gasp of air.
Her face widened as she peered into the eyes of Torva with nothing more than a frown. She slowly walked away, not noticing that Glacies stood behind her with the hyacinth pacing by her side. Her feet stumbled onto Glacies’s feet, causing Sicarius to turn her head slowly to eye the object behind her. She did not recognize most of the inhabitants on the small boat. She looked from side to side, not fully realizing the situation before her. The eyes continued staring onto her, not letting out even a breath from their questioning mouths. Their faces were horrid, searching for answers on a questioned body. Sicarius retrieved her daggers, holding them up to her chest as she peered around. “How long have I been asleep?” she screamed through the silent night. “Who are you people? Answer me!” she continued to shriek. But there was no answer from any of the dwellers who sat in the small boat.
“My king, is that you? Invicta? Magni? I do not know of what I see. Where is Glacies?” she questioned still as she frowned once again at the gaze from Glacies herself.
“It is I,” Glacies spoke slowly and calmly, “It has not been long you have been lifeless. Do you not remember the past events that lead to this one?”
Sicarius did not move, only to ponder on what the woman before her said. Was she truly the Glacies she spoke of? She certainly spoke and acted like her. Her bow clung to her side, the same bow that Glacies had used before…She was still in the Shadow of Death presumably. Yes, she had to have been. She had attempted to save Glacies’s soul from the clutches of Death himself. She swiftly looked at the corner of the boat, half expecting to see a grinning skull glaring at her with his ruby eyes. But the only figure she saw was one with a black cloak much longer than hers. His pale face showed no complexion of the matter. Yet, a small outline of a skull was only slightly visible beneath the thin surface that covered the bones. Could it be that Death itself was brought to the life he once had? She feared so.
A small wicked smile spread across her face as she relaxed her arms. “Why the silence? You made me believe we were all dead,” she stated smoothly before her reddened lips relaxed. Her eyes twinkled as she continued questioning the odd expressions upon their faces.
“It was us that thought you as dead,” smiled the king. The scene before him was all too shocking and swift to pass. Yet, he understood Sicarius’s confusion before the blank faces of the people she knew.
“Tell me, what have I missed?” she questioned as she sat down besides Cecidit.
“Right now is not the time, Sicarius. Only know that that I am Death, the woman beside you is Cecidit, and Glacies is who she says to be,” Torva stated with his seemingly blank expression. Sicarius slowly looked at the woman beside her. She had only merely seen a blurred image of her as she looked at Torva. But now as she looked into the green emeralds of the woman to her side, she soon began to realize that the woman was not as distant as she had thought her to be. Sicarius took out her blade, pointing directly at the neck of the one she had called a friend. “Are you not the one I once called a friend?” she questioned harshly. She tilted her head, her eyes aglow in a threating manner; yet, she smiled cunningly.
“It is I. I am deeply sorry, my long lost friend. I am not who I became,” Cecidit stated as she put her arm around Sicarius’s shoulder. A silent tear did not fail to drop from a vibrant green eye until it slowly dripped from her chin. She did not find the blade to be as threating as it was meant to be. She smiled awkwardly as Sicarius began to lower the blade she had not wished to dig into flesh.
“It has been far too many years that you have acted as an enemy of mine,” Sicarius stated rather coldly at first. She replaced her blade at her side, causing a chilly feeling to wrap around her body. She turned once again to Cecidit, “It does not mean we could not start once again,” she gave a hopeful smile as she gave the slightest touch to the woman’s hand that lay upon her crossed legs.
“A friend is one who slices the throat of all evil. Why did you not kill me when you had the chance?” Cecidit asked, knowing that Sicarius had spoken of the evil that would encompass her.
“A truer friend is one who evades the slice of a throat only to hope that all evil will evade. I did not know how you could be awakened and I tried desperately to forget the tragedy of our friendship,” stated Sicarius as she elevated her eyes onto Cecidit’s.
“I would have done the same. That I am sure you already know,” stated Cecidit as she curled her lips.
“That I am sure,” asserted Sicarius as she saw that the little light as there was seemed to become stronger as the boat moved forward. “Are we to go to Sapientem?” she questioned.
“Another path will lead to his domain,” stated Torva as he placed both his hands atop his upright staff. With a flicker, the purple clouds began to form ounce again beneath his fingers.
“It seem as if this journey turns to another path with each step,” stated Magni as he began to see the image of a large white mountain in the distance.
“While I thought this journey to be nothing more than a quest to protect the queen’s life, it has turned into a quest to defend ourselves from the wrath of Malum,” answered the king as he looked up to the skies that now showed a glint of purple.
“It has been so,” stated Invicta as he instead looked upon the cracks on the wooden base of the boat. 
“It is something I long feared. I often ponder that if this journey was not taken I could have restored peace to the land before evil would have seeped through,” Fortis replied.
“It is not your judgment too make. Look at what we have gained! Are you blind to what you see? Surely it has been more than we anticipated,” said Magni as if encouraging the rest to lift their head up. But it was not so, for as the mountain resurfaced from behind the trees, it did not seem as if their journey would have any such thing as a happy ending. Dark clouds gloomed along the elevated lands that were placed rather randomly around the white mountain that rose from the ground. This was the land of the white apes, the wisest of all. Their mountains were not as mystical as it seemed, for it deprived most of their magic.
“No longer were there gnarling trees that stood the test of time. No longer was the stream a profound green color with skulls and spirits underlining the waterbed. No, it was much different now. The waters began to show a clear blue tone to them. The trees began to show signs of being winter, for their trunks stood silver and bold and the leaves that they had once bore now came falling ever so softly to the ground. It was already the beginning of winter, for the skies now began to show a mixture of colors.
“Sapientem uses much of the same enchantments as the trees to protect his own kingdom. He is the only one with the sole power, for he is the only one that created it. Therefore, magic is once again limited by our lips,” stated the king as he grinned.
“Then let us walk upon the mountains, for they do not seem to see the light of day,” stated Sicarius as she narrowed her eyes upon the glimpse of the mountain once again.
The boat neared a small shoreline formed into a tight circle. The small waves clashed against the white sand that made itself noticeable only with the reflection from the light of the day. The castle, now visibly seen, took moments to appreciate, for it was no ordinary building. Engraved on the side of the mountain itself, the white structure bore great power with a long enriching aqua waterfall that clashed mightily against the calm waters below. It seemed that the waterfall fell from within the castle, for it came streaming from a dark archway. The waters shimmered as new droplets fell upon the silent ones. It was clear that the castle was in nothing more than a peninsula in which a small thin stream found its way in the castle walls to be dismissed on the opposite side.
“I must leave you all here. There is much work to be done,” stated Torva rather suddenly as he tapped his staff lightly on the base of the ancient boat. The wood composing the boat creaked with the abrupt movement. The boat silenced in its path as it froze in its position by the shore.
“It shall be as you say,” stated Fortis as he eyed Torva’s mighty stare.
“Must we depart so soon?” questioned Cecidit as she peered onto the face of her soul mate.
“I cannot be entangled in the problems of the inhabitants of this land. It is beyond me to do such things. I am neutral to all. It was a terrible decision in my part to have a place for you in my heart,” he stated as he tightened his neck with regret.
“Even Death needs a fraction of such power,” stated Cecidit as she lifted her body upwards. “Nevertheless, I need a weapon to pierce a heart.”
Torva shook his head, “I cannot bestow you with what you seek. The bone I gave last was one of destruction only because it was not meant to be given. Do you not understand? It was a curse put upon you because of the laws I defied.”
“Let it be,” stated Cecidit as she grabbed a handful of zars from Invicta’s outstretched hand. “These will serve well,” she stated as she blew onto the sharp metal pieces, causing them to have a shallow glow of purple. It was clear that magic was allowed to function only within the waters. But once one stepped on land, any enchantment would be nothing more than breaths of useless air.
“The journey starts once again,” stated Magni.
“It has no end,” replied Sicarius as a small smile spread across her face.
The six of them stepped from the small boat, watching as the wooden piece shrunk to fit the one passenger that was left astray. “May death never find you,” he whispered under his breath as he saw them disappear into the mist of the nearby waterfall. The hyacinth’s tail was the last to be visible as it brushed the soft ground.
“I do not trust our presence here,” stated the king as his feet patted the ground.
“Nor do I,” stated Glacies as she placed an arrow into her bow.



Chapter 20

Shadows within the Snow


Because the snowy mountain was usually visited by the boats of the sky, the steps that lead from down below now laid in ruins. They might have been able to communicate with the castle guards if they had used magic from within the boat. But a stench of evil filled the air. The mountain had seemed much nearer from the waters, but as the group walked for the first few moments on the white sand, it became clear that it would take much longer to reach the base of the giant mountain.
As they looked up, they saw occasional small avalanches from the sides of the mountain falling upon the ground at the base. Small shadows became visible from time to time, most of which seemed small and pointed. The castle itself seemed lifeless, however. Its bold structure was nothing but still at the side of the peak. Not a light was shown from the several windows the castle bore on its outstretched skinny towers. Even the waterfall’s powerful sound did not convince the others that the castle had not changed.
As they reached the base of the mountain, they all looked up at the distance they would have to climb to reach the doors of the fortress. The first step was covered with a small amount of snow. It was snow that continued to fall atop their heads, sliding down their armory until falling upon the ground in which it was destined to fall onto. Their steps became engraved onto the white floor that had been long from stepped upon.
“The castle doors are not as far as they seem,” reassured the king. But it was clear that it would take longer than anticipated.
“Want a slice?” questioned Invicta as he bestowed the loaf of bread the foreteller had given him.
“It is time to appreciate life’s small splendors,” stated the king as he reached for a middle wedge. While the bread was soft and moist, it did not crumble as the king lifted the piece to his mouth. Within a few bites, the cold piece was finished, being smashed into small pieces within his mouth. Small crumbles of the sweet bread fell upon his small beard until they were rid of with a quick brush.
As Glacies bit into her piece, she narrowed her eyes at the shadows she saw racing above. Their quick movements caused small amounts of snow to fall onto their path. “Are those the apes spoken of?” she asked to no one in particular.
Sicarius smiled, “They are the Barbegazi, the ancient dwarves of snow.”
There was renewed silence felt. The path was not as long as it seemed, yet the castle doors lay some distance away. There were no trees, bushes, or flowers that sprung at the sides. It was as lifeless as the castle itself. But then, before the small amount of snow that blinded those on the path, laid an emotionless shadow. Due to the pointedness the shadows bestowed, it was clear that the figure was nothing more than a dwarf Sicarius spoke of.
As their steps neared the shadow, it was clear that light was needed at such elevated places. The king snapped his right fingers, giving off a small blue flame. The others did the same (except for Glacies) as they stepped in front of the dwarf that stood his stance barefooted atop the soft blanket of snow. They did not speak, only staring upon the small man before them.
The dwarf was dressed in furry white apparel with only random threads of gray shimmering with the snow’s brightness. Atop its head, a cap formed in a tight spike which was made with the same fur as the rest of his clothing. A tight light grey belt bordered along his waist with a silver buckle shining like the icicles along his face. Swaying with the wind was a long furry scarf wrapped around his neck. A long white mustache stretched from both horizontal regions, swaying with the strong wind that resurfaced on the mountaintop. Small thin icicles bordered his mustache as well as the long thin beard below his small pursed lips. His face shown of innocence, much like a newborn’s. His eyes, a bright and piercing blue, widened with timidity while the rest of his appearance shown to be frightened. While he seemed to be elderly, his define innocence made him seem much younger than what he seemed to be. His tan complexion was seen where it was permitted: his face, ears, hands, legs, and feet. His bare feet, the largest body part of all, stretched triple the size of his hands as they lay slightly hidden beneath the soft snow.
“Greetings,” stated the king awkwardly in the silent weather. His small blonde beard was already being covered with the small snowflakes of snow.
The small man did not speak, he only stared at the king wide-eyed once again, bewildered by what he saw. There was no telling if the man had seen such giant figures since they were a head taller than the apes that ruled the land.
“I deserve to see this!” Sicarius let out a loud piercing scream as she attempted to push the rest out of her way. As she made a small gap in which she could fit through, she stepped in front of the dwarf, nearly pushing him aside as well. She snarled at the small figure, slightly snickering at the small image before her. “Are you kidding me? We’re stopped in our tracks by a dwarf?”
But as Sicarius looked around, it was clear the small man was not the only one around them. From the sides, small shadows began to reveal themselves beneath a shallow covering of snow. They took much the same appearance as the timid dwarf before them, providing a sense of innocence. Still, a slightly taller dwarf of the Barbegazi neared them. His large footprints made the impression that he was taller than what he seemed.
The tallest dwarf stood by the timid one, patting him on the back before speaking. “We are quite honored by your company. Yet, secrets speak that you are dead. Are you not a spirit?” he questioned with authority. It was clear that the dwarf was nothing ordinary as the rest of his kind, for he was the ruler of them. A small staff, primarily made of icicles, was held in his right hand. At the tip, sharp spikes of the ice glinted like the waterfall in front of the castle.
“I keep forgetting things have not been the same. My brother, not of blood, has undoubtedly found power in my land. Have not all heard of this terrible fate? I hear nothing but silence on this mountaintop. A war is coming and yet all walk through their lives without the meaning to prepare!” stated the king as his voice became louder and raspier than before.
“Life has changed. A war has not been heard of for some time. Malum lies in ruins. Your brother is a moth trapped in a spider web, for he cannot overcome ruling the land,” stated the dwarf with glinted eyes as a small smile spread across his face. The hyacinth snarled as he spoke.
“It is refusal to believe that cost us lives in the Great War! Malum will be back!” yelled Sicarius.
The dwarf only stood looking into her eyes. He did not tremble at her angered words. The eyes of the dwarf did not seem the same as the rest. The eyes, a slight blue, had a dark pigment of red. Yet, the king looked upon the face without question. “Let me guide you to where you seek to be,” stated the ruler as he paced upon the ground in the direction of the castle.
The king stopped in his tracks. “How can you be so certain we wish to see Sapientem? How could you have known that I was thought dead?” he questioned with distrust.
“You keep overlooking the matters, my king. Words spread rather quickly in our lands. Sapientem is awaiting your company,” the dwarf spoke. The king did not reply. He only stared upon the ground as they followed the man of the snow. The other dwarves stayed hidden in the snow, not wishing to walk with the rest to the castle of the Apes.
One of the barbegazi shook their heads in sadness as they left. “Here we are in front of the king, giving him away to our demented ruler,” one of them stated as they watched the king and his clan disappear.
“Should we not do something about the matter?” another questioned.
“I fear not, for we are being watched,” the other answered as he clenched a ball of snow. He squeezed the frozen element until the ball melted between his fingers.
The others followed the one ruler of the barbegazi. The white snow seemed to make a path to the closed doors of the mysterious castle. “Do you not trust him?” whispered Cecidit in the frozen ear of the king.
“I do not know who to trust. It was merely a precaution, nothing else,” said the king, “Just be ready.”
“Walking rather slowly, my king,” stated the dwarf without looking behind. The rest followed him, occasionally falling into the dwarf’s own footprints deep in the snow. The king did not respond as he followed the rest.
As they walked in the blizzard environment, Sicarius crossed her arms in hopes of providing warmth where it was lost. Invicta and Magni, however, continued walking boldly through the snowy wind without a sign of discomfort. Glacies merely played with the string of her bow, wondering when she would place an arrow once again. But as the noise of the waterfall was heard once again, it was evident that there was no need for blood to be spilled atop it, for it was silent.
A small path of stone, much like a bridge, wrapped around the peak of the mountain and led to the predominate power—the castle. Its long skinny towers were only partially covered with snow, providing a steady glossy shine to where the light of day permitted it to. Only the metal roofs of these towers contained piles of the soft snow which occasionally fell to the sides of the courtyard below. The stones that made up the castle were made of bricks that had been enchanted to fuse together. The result was a smooth surface without even the slightest groove or indentation. All in all, the castle was rather skinny due to the several tall thin towers that stretched far from its base.
The bridge of stone was nothing complex since most did not travel by foot. Several large soft greyish stones made up the structure with random crevices between each boulder. They did not seem to have any known meaning to them until a foot was placed onto the stoned path. As the dwarf stepped onto the trail, the stones began to take the image of odd ancient symbols. The snow that dropped onto these stones was easily melted, filling in the engravings. Light sparkled from the carvings, the define blue light mesmerizing in its own way.
“Alas we are near,” stated the dwarf through the long silence. Glacies jolted at the sudden high pitched sound from before her. She had been walking, not fully looking upon her steps as she moved her body forward. She shook her body, as if awakening herself.
“Does Sapientem know we have already arrived?” questioned Fortis.
“Possibly so. I will make your presence known to him. I’m sure he will be quite shocked,” stated the dwarf as his quick large feet gently patted the stones underneath.
The path wrapped around the castle itself until leading to the large doorway behind the shimmering waterfall that crashed down below. Small droplets fell across the faces of the new arrivals as they stepped onto a step leading to the giant silver doors. The two doors, embedded with several clear crystals and metallic designs around the door handles, shined where the shadows did not cover them.



Chapter 21

Destiny


The dwarf easily opened the door, only reaching the door handle and whispering a word unheard by the others. Not a knock was heard from the small hand, yet it was not his castle to dominate. The doors creaked open, only needing a small push to sway inward by themselves. The hall of the castle was quite magnificent in itself, having long white pillars floating on the path leading to the sovereign’s chair. At the entrance, the pillars bordered a large half-moon shaped room until providing a straight path. The ground, marked with a dark blue shimmering tile, moved like the waves upon the ocean floor.
The king did not take the time to admire such small adornments. Instead, he walked at a quick pace towards the Ape that sat rather uncomfortably on his throne. His eyes had been slightly closed until they opened to see the king walk in front of the rest. Fortis’s racing figure, still behind the dwarf, stopped as he noticed the Ape’s odd complexion. Sapientem did not smile nor did he widen his eyes at the sight of the king. His lips tightened instead as his eyes shown an impression that was not so. Even his white complexion shown to have a slight grey tone that was beyond what he was remembered by.
“You should not have come,” Sapientem stated as the king kneeled down before him.
“Why do you say such things?” questioned the king. He looked around the room. There was no one else in it but himself, the Ape, the dwarf, and the others he had befriended. He looked up at the tall ceiling barely seen at such a far distance. It seemed like glass that made up such vast tower. But then he saw it. As small as it could be, he saw a shining element that was not meant to be. It was a sword, he knew. A spade floated above with its tip directed down below. Fortis frowned slightly, not knowing whether Sapientem meant to kill the one before him. But then the king realized that the sword was meant for Sapientem himself since it was pointed right above his throne. The king did not speak, however, for he saw the Ape’s eyes slightly widen as if warning him not to speak of what he already knew.
“Strike him! For it is a trap!” Sapientem whispered with sudden rage.
The king looked at the dwarf. No longer was he as short as he once was. His face began to throb, twitching to be another. His feet began to switch to be shorter than anticipated. And finally, his body began to be much taller than it was before. The king did not have time to comprehend the matter as he watched Sicarius raise her blades to strike the stranger at her side. But the man did not stand there to be watched to his death, for he was there to watch the death of the others.
He evaded the blades as they caused the long hair dropped across his forehead to be lifted by the quick movement. He snapped once, opening his mouth to whisper a silent incantation. Shadows began to appear in the room, shadows much like phantoms that churned through the air with a profound black pigment. The black pigment soon began to fade until bestowing men of metal in back of those that had been tricked.
“Stop! Did you truly believe you would warn the others in time? You are not as wise as it once seemed. Now here you have a blade that threatens all that you once had. It is nothing but your strength that enables the sword to not end your life at this time. But we will soon see a dead Sapientem as well. That I am sure of,” stated the stranger as he bestowed his cloak.
“Magic?” questioned Cecidit beneath her breath as she frowned by the contact of chilliness. A metal hand grabbed her, its skinny sharp fingers wrapping around the soft flesh.
The stranger before the others shook his head as he spoke, “You still fail to see that while magic can be used as defense, it can also be used to be ridden of. Objects of magic.” With that, he produced a small rod. It was a simple fixture of silver metal that reflected the evil in his piercing eyes. “This will be the time when wands will resurface.”
“Impossible! Only a small number of staffs roam through the land, let alone a wand. Their use diminished in the ancient times,” stated Invicta as he looked upon the ground.
“But yet there is a new use for such masterpieces,” smiled the stranger as faced the others. While all knew who the man was before he revealed himself, each peered at the deathly hood as it bore the face of no other than Furtim himself.
“Brother why do you do this?” questioned the king with a bold face as he struggled to push the metal enemy behind him.
“It is not to your concern. You will be diminished in times pass. But yet, I still need a use for you. As for the others, it is not so. The magic that was once prevented in this part of the kingdom now lies at my fingertips,” stated Malum as he swiveled the wand between his fingers.
Suddenly there was push of the door, causing a noise to resurface the eerie quiet castle. It shook the people who were inside, for it seemed as if a giant were amidst. While the giants lived not too far, this was not so. The door opened for the moment, but what one expected to be a head taller, was in fact a head shorter. The barbegazi stormed through the room. Their faces no longer shown the same innocence as before; their eyes narrowed in anger and their foreheads wrinkled with revenge. Furtim had killed their one true ruler, his blood now spilled across the white snow they called home.
The barbegazi had the element of water, but it was such that was turned to ice. They knew that magic thrived in the air at their enemy’s hands, but they also had a trick up their small sleeves. They each spread their clenched fists until the ice they contained drifted off before their small bodies. The splotches of an orange magic that left Furtim’s hands clashed against the icicles that now floated in midair. The barbegazi rolled onto the floor, causing chaos to drift apart from an evil peace.
“Sicarius, you must leave with the others!” stated the king as he hit the metal body behind him. The thin metal pieces composing the warrior clashed against the king’s armory with little effort. Still, the king was released from the grasp as one of the dwarves froze the hands of the enemy.
“There is no escaping here!” yelled Furtim as he eyed the king with a benign anger.
Fortis paid no attention to the yell as he turned to Sapientem. The ape looked weak as he began to close his eyes and open his mouth ever so slightly. The weapon above him vibrated in its position as it began to slowly come down. The king narrowed his eyes with frustration as he grabbed the ape by his neck and thrashed him across the floor to be saved by his power. The sword steadied in its position as if striking the new power below.
Sapientem widened his eyes as his body slid across the slippery floor. He gasped, steadying his eyes as he looked upon the reflections across the floor. He peered to what was in front, seeing as Invicta and Magni thrust their swords at the enemies made of shiny black metal scraps. He closed his eyes as a whisper left his lips at last. The castle glowed, causing a steady flow of wind to seep through the gaps. The snow leveled outside to be pushed across the land and into the edges of the water that encircled the castle. “Magic once more thrives across my land,” stated Sapientem to himself as he peered behind him at the weak king.
Sicarius retrieved her weapons of destruction as she kicked the metal warrior behind her. Walking only two steps to the front, she swiveled behind to dig the dagger deep into the throat composed of thin shiny metal strips. The body of dark magic did not die all at once. As a hole was made, a small stream of black smoke filled the room to leave the body dwindling behind. The metal pieces clashed against the floor once again to be unsettling as the calm waters below.
Glacies smiled as she once again slid an arrow into her bow while aiming at the enemy with the source of power. But her grin was slightly changed when she saw that the man before her also grinned as the arrow left her fingertips. The steady hand of Furtim grasped the arrow as it aimed for his heart. He shook his head as he snapped the piece in half to be dropped across the floor.
“Join me and I will grant what you wish,” stated Furtim as he glared at those who were captured once again by his black magic.
“I attempted to kill you once, and I will again!” yelled Sicarius through her course breathing.
“That you will not, for there is one of you who destines to be within my hands. You have a traitor within,” stated Furtim as he moved his eyes to scan each one, “But who it is, is a question in itself.”
The serpent cradled along the shoulder of the hooded man. Its heads curled on each side of Furtim’s neck as they moved their stealthy snouts to both ears. Their tongues slithered within the cold air as they tickled deep within the hood. Furtim smiled as the serpent spoke, nodding with deep understanding.
“Release Invicta from his grasp!” Furtim ordered abruptly as his eyebrows narrowed. The serpent hissed as both heads stared into the emerald eyes of the man before it. Invicta was released from his grasp as his body fell upon the damaged ground.
“Rise up!” demanded Furtim as he looked upon the man with irritation. Invicta slowly rose to stare into the beating eyes of what was his enemy.
“Join me Invicta. I feel your heart beating with anger,” whispered Furtim as he neared Invicta’s ear. Invicta’s head slowly looked up looking rather weak with blood trickling down his face.
“I know what you seek and I can give it to you. That I am sure you already know,” stated Furtim.
Invicta looked to what was behind him. Sicarius glared at Invicta as she exposed her fangs with deep distress. A small amount of blood smeared along the sides of her hair as she shook her head in deep anger. Glacies bit her lower lip as she strummed her bow with deep thought. Magni was only a blurred image as he struggled out of the hands of his beholder. He yelled through the castle walls with desperation, for he knew his older brother would defy him.
“Is there really much to see? You are among beasts!” Furtim spat with deep loathing.
Sapientem knew the battle could not be rid of. The metal pieces would be summoned once again to do Furtim’s bidding. A strong power was needed, but time was scarce. He slowly looked at the weak king behind them as he lifted his body to the scene. His lips opened as the magic left his finger tips to grasp the small isolated frozen staff that had once pertained to the ruler of the clan of dwarfs. He clenched the staff within his hand, knowing that Furtim had thought him to be near death. But Furtim’s eyes glared at him far too soon, his eyes piercing as can be.
“Do not defy me once again, Ape!” yelled Furtim as his wand pointed at Sapientem with deep wrath bestowed at the tip. The tip of the wooden rod turned a dark blue as an invisible force pushed the ape backwards against the wall where the throne stood. Sapientem smiled in midair as his eyes reflected the evil before him. He knew that Furtim was far too powerful to allow a spell to work its mechanics on himself. Putting a spell on the others would be more of ease. He pointed at the man he did not trust to decide; Invicta was the name.
At first nothing was felt. Invicta continued to stare at Furtim’s deathly stare. They were penetrating, those eyes. In fact they were quite hypnotizing as well. But this did not freeze the magic released; instead, they stood captivating as the man before them froze in his position. Slowly Invicta’s body began to encase in an icy coffin. Thin spikes of ice filled the outskirts of his armory until he was nothing more than a body that was frozen in its emotionless stare. Look upon the body, and one could have thought it to be nothing more than an ice sculpture commonly found throughout the land during the winter. But this was not so, for it was a frozen body in time.
Sicarius did not waste time to take the scene to mind. She felt a slight release from her wrists and it was all she needed to fully withdrawal herself from the grasp of another. She momentarily closed her eyes to speak some words herself. Her eyes gleamed like fire as she began to be covered by the several flames gleaming from her daggers. Her hair was the last to be left aflame as they menacingly touched those that were too close. Magic strived within the air once again. While it was made to be prevented, it now thrived to prevent magic from corrupting.
“Sicarius! Within the mouth of a cave, you shall find life! Leave what is seen,” croaked Sapientem as his eyes began to close.
Sicarius looked around her. The metal warriors neared her at all sides while their ruler laughed from afar. Sicarius did not think much of the cold laughter. She began to spin her daggers once again, awaiting the first body she was to strike. And there it was; an arm grabbed a hold of her as she spun around to dig the dagger deep into throat of her holder. It was no other than Magni who had stumbled into the closing circle.
“Next time it will sink deep within your skin!” warned Sicarius as she once again faced what was before her. “Any suggestions?”
Magni lifted his blade as one of the warriors began racing towards him. He slashed as metal clashed with metal, forming into a mixture of silver. The enemy began to petrify into the silvery encase it was destined to become. “You heard Sapientem, did you not?” questioned Magni. He was saddened by the view of his brother, but knew what needed to be done. He had seen his brother’s uncertain face, yet he wished that it was not what Furtim had stated him to be.
“On the count of three,” whispered Sicarius as she faced the demons of the dark. “One…two…”
But Magni had already begun to slay one of the warriors to his side. The enemy was not as weak as thought to be. The thin metals making up the odd face of the figure began to swivel around the exposed blade. A passage was formed where the blade was to stab the enemy; therefore, it only stabbed the air that thrived within the room. But then a glow was seen from afar as it raced to sink itself behind the head of the enemy in front. The arrow glowed profoundly as its tip dug into the skull of the warrior of metal.
Glacies was only a blurred image in the darkest corner of the castle. She would spread her hands along the arrows she bestowed until there was a flicker of light that wrapped itself along the deathly weapons. With one pull of her string, the arrow flew towards the enemies the barbegazi entangled with thin blue whips. She smiled to herself, knowing it was time to leave. But Furtim was all too powerful to be put aside. He swerved his arms in front until a movement of an emerald green smoke streamed through the air. “You are meaningless to be! While I cannot kill you with a spell in mind I will not fail to have death creep upon you!” he croaked with deep anger. While magic thrived within the land, using a death spell upon an individual was done quite delicately and caused a curse upon the user itself. Already, Furtim showed slight signs of aging, for he had already killed several in the land.
“Isn’t that ironic? I’ve met Death himself!” snickered Glacies as she pulled the string of her bow one last time. But the arrow did not release itself to sink within the cloud of green. Instead, it pierced a thin encasing of solid ice that divided her companions from the menacing creatures made of black shimmering metal. Sicarius touched the ice that divided her from the few in front of her. Only Invicta, the king, Sapientem, and Furtim lay behind. Sicarius grabbed hold of the arrow until it flickered from existence. The king’s face frowned with more ambition as if forcing the others to leave at once. Sicarius shook her head as she gently touched the ice barrier before her. “I…we cannot,” she said slowly to herself as she was slowly touched by the fingers of Cecidit.
“It is the only way,” Cecidit spoke silently as she brushed her eyes with her other hand. She looked behind her at the tunnel to her side. The crashing of water could be heard as only small peculiar drops found themselves within the room.
“But the kings and my brother,” stated Magni as he saw the others behind the warriors of metal. Furtim’s eyes soon came into view as they looked upon a hand filled with a bright blue light. Furtim did not smile this time as he neared the invisible barrier. He threw the element formulated until hitting the icy barrier that had only momentarily protected them.
“Sicarius! If we stay here we are all to be doomed. If we leave, we also leave hope for the others!” Glacies yelled as she saw the ice begin to crack and fill the small space with a seeping cloud of fog. Sicarius turned around only to see that the others had already begun to leave towards the dark tunnel from which the waters sprang from. Only the barbegazis’ footsteps were heard from within the tunnel as they disappeared down below. Sicarius covered her eyes as she walked towards the direction. She had heard the ice shatter to its last remains as footsteps trudged upon the shiny floor. Yet she was near the tunnel, already touching the walls as she passed.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” she whispered more to herself than to Glacies who awaited her turn to jump down the long skinny waterfall that fell towards the endless bottom.
Glacies turned around. “Duck!” she yelled as she exposed her bow to unleash only one other arrow to pierce the skull of one of the metal creatures. The arrow seeped through the skinny metal pieces composing such menacing creatures until causing them to shatter across the floor.
Sicarius rolled her eyes as she saved her head for only seconds. “You really have to stop doing that,” she stated as she grabbed hold of Glacies. “And the others?”
“They are down below I am sure,” stated Glacies as she saw Furtim appear from the corner of her gleaming eye.
“Let’s hope they survived,” whispered Sicarius as they both leapt from the end of the tunnel and into the waters that engulfed them all the way down. Their images disappeared as did Magni’s, Cecidit’s, and the barbegazis’.
Furtim screamed with deep anger. If he had only been one step ahead he would have had them between his fingers to be tightened by his sharp finger nails. But they were gone. They disappeared into the mist of what was before him. He only hoped they would fail to survive, but knew it to be quite contrary. He had the king after all, and what to do with him was a question in itself. It would not be difficult to use the power he bestowed and with time he would slice the head that had overruled him for far too long.
“Let them go. It is not worth searching for their bodies Dimittere eos. Nulla est corporis quaerere,” stated Callidus, the two headed serpent, as both its necks tightened along the man’s neck. It spat its venom as it looked down below to the nothingness left behind.
And so it was. The trees continued to let down their several leaves to be dried upon the paths of the land. The fruit of the many trees continued to lay their rotting gifts upon their roots. Where the water shimmered with the beating of the light, shadows lurked to be forever engulfed by the darkness a flow. The castle, which was once a star from afar, now lay in ruins within the dark night that engulfed such a wonder. Where a land once seemed to be tranquil, and with little ruin at its roots, now laid entirely transformed into the evil that forcefully seeped through.
Perhaps if the king’s brother was not born, the land would still flourish as it once had. But where there is good, there shall also be evil. Malum was the first fruit the land bore to be that of rot. Yet, there were seeds to be poured across the meadows where birds chirped and draconisflies fluttered about. It was not something meant to happen, but coincidently all forms of its happening came together.
The twins of legend closed their eyes as they began to sleep during the night that would forever stay pitch black, for there was great evil creeping to sink deep within their young hearts. As legends were told, a twin would be a traitor of the land while the other would bring hope. It seemed that hope was forever lost, but where there is a flicker of light, hope is always close by. The castle walls lay hidden within the castle to be ever forgotten of the meaning they once portrayed.
Let us not forget the Vines of Fatum that forever holds the destiny of those that seek it. The thin vines slithered about even in the dark atmosphere that began to approach. Was it not the vines that had caused such grief? But whatever evil was caused could easily be taken away, for the vines were like Death himself, never to choose sides of evil or good. It was a symbol of hope, those vines. Their coldness never gave a shine, but the many gifts they bestowed gave a sudden wonder to those that longed for it. It was destiny that portrayed itself through the little forms of curiosity. The vines wrapped around each other, tightening until the little juice along the edges discharged to fall upon the motionless ground; a new destiny was already beginning to form.
