Seymore’s Interlude 
By Ann Castle
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2011 Ann Castle

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 






Seymore’s Interlude
Introduction 

 Flying just isn’t what it used to be.  In days past I actually got dressed up to go on a plane trip. Now, it’s like riding a local transit bus with all its smells and advertising, delays, stops and jostling. I’ll forego a complaint about today’s security checks and legalized insults.
Nevertheless I am sitting on a jumbo flying south to Los Angeles on a mission I only vaguely imagined. There is a film maker in LA who thinks my book would make a good movie and wants to buy it.  I’m not sure that’s a good idea or even if the interest is genuine, but as my Aunt Sarah used to say, “In for a penny, in for a pound” (she loved anything that was English, mostly the silly stuff).
A limo has been arranged to take me to an office in Beverly Hills to talk to a man I don’t know about a book I love, how much money he wants to give me and how much control of my work I am willing to give him. Since the book has done very well, his position is weak because I don’t need the money. It is further eroded because I love control and will fight for it; it’s the reason I still own the movie rights.  A meeting of the minds seems unlikely.
 Since most of this book is really my Aunt Sarah’s doing, I intend to stand up for her interest first. Having gone to the mat with several publishers before the book was printed I have every intention to see the pending negotiation through to the best possible ending for me and Aunt Sarah (and Seymore too); which will probably mean no sale. I almost feel sorry for the movie man and I haven’t even met him. This may be a waste of his time.
 I’ve seen some movies based on books and the track record is not so good in my opinion. The author’s intention and the character’s roles (in this case real not fictional characters, or at least some of them are real) are not very well adapted to the moving pictures especially in books like mine where most of the events take place in a previously unrevealed reality. The Experimental Station at the center of the story just wasn’t there before Seymore made it and Sarah found it.  All I could do was describe it.  Not sure that a film maker can actually make it into pictures that seem right, are honest and conveys the true meaning of the astonishing events that characterized Sarah’s life and the creation of the station and Seymore Place. 
The material for the book came to me by way of inheritance.  It was specifically left for me by my Aunt Sarah. The will made it clear that no one was to see her collection of notes and memorabilia except me.  After the estate was distributed the two big, sealed boxes were delivered along with a couple of pieces of costume jewelry, a Gucci bag, and several pieces of old china (the pattern is Elizabeth, which is my name). I carefully washed and put the lovely china into my collection, put the jewelry in my jewelry box and joyfully carry the handsome vintage Gucci bag on special occasions like today. 
The two big boxes were put in the store room in the garage. They stayed there for nearly 15 years.  Occasionally they would slip my mind, but most often they were a nuisance memory, a gentle haunting, that only an unfinished obligation can produce.  Finally one day, in a fit of clearing out and cleaning up I concluded that I had to either do something about the boxes and their contents or get rid of them. A large fire was my first choice.
 But as with everything in this tale, fate (or kismet or whatever) was more powerful than any other force, and, recklessly, I opened the smaller of the two boxes.  It was packed with my Aunt Sarah’s life history made up of notes, diaries, photographs, musings, music, art, drawings, all held together by what I came to learn was an amazing series of events in two separate but related places. The contents of the two boxes covered four decades. Inside on the top of the larger box was a note from Aunt Sarah that said:

 Dearest Elizabeth,
I am leaving all the materials about the extraordinary lives that Seymore and I have shared to you. I’m not at all sure you are pleased.  But I do know you are talented and reliable and that you are the only one who can make something of all these cherished bits and pieces.  Seymore and I (mostly me) are relying on you to bring order to this collection and do something good with it. No rush.  I am confident that whatever you do and whenever you do it will be just right. 
Love to you always from your Aunt Sarah. 

If I had stopped at box one I could still have burned everything, but having read the note I was on the hook and the details and information inside the cardboard boxes took over my life.
The take over resulted in Aunt Sarah’s story being written, but not without lots of fits and starts, and hours upon hours of reading her scratchy handwriting in diaries, on note pads and in her professional files; not to mention sorting, filing and preserving mementos, personal drawings and even a small piece of music.
The professional files had proved the most helpful in reconstructing the adventure that initiated Sarah’s research into out of body events and other unfamiliar states of reality. The records she had kept of the experiences of patients who had been comatose were fascinating and provided the support I needed to personally get past the you’ve-got-to-be-kidding part of her work.  If I had relied only on the other materials, you’d be reading some other author’s book right now.
She was a fine psychologist and had done years and years of research into the in-coma experiences of individuals as well as consultation and support for their families.  She was quite well known and her work was much admired.  Her husband, a medical doctor who specialized in head injuries, had been her main source of clients in the beginning of her work, but later she traveled extensively to both train and consult with other psychologists and doctors about the impact of deep coma. 
What I discovered from organizing and reading the material in the two boxes was that what I thought I knew about my Aunt Sarah was just a smidgen of the incredible depths of her knowledge and experience.  As I gradually began to understand the contents of her collection of “bits and pieces” I knew I wanted to make the contents public.  So I began to write.
What I learned right away was that writing Aunt Sarah’s story meant writing the story of characters and events that I could never have imagined.  And yet in their own way they were and still are real and my bet is that Aunt Sarah is still enjoying their company.
So, I am honored to offer you the story I gleaned from the two boxes, my memories and from other sources that are quite extraordinary.

Chapter 1 – 
Setting the Stage

Sarah was a darling girl with sweet dimples and a quick and endearing smile that revealed an inner innocents and good intentions.  She was both engaging and mildly dangerous. In high school (where she did well enough) she met and fell in love with David in her junior year.  He was a lady’s man and everybody knew it, even Sarah. After school he went away to do his two years in the military.  When he returned he picked up with Sarah again and they appeared to be firmly on the path to living the good life as it was defined in 1959.They both had jobs, cars and starry-eyed hopes and dreams though not necessarily the same hopes and dreams as it turned out.
Sarah wanted to marry.  She wanted to marry David.  She wanted to marry David soon.  David said he wanted to marry. He also said he wanted to marry Sarah.  To David two years in the future was soon enough.
 In August of 1959 Sarah decided to take a few steps on her own down the road to marriage and rented a small two-bedroom tract house in one of the new neighborhoods on the edge of town. It was clean and new with a small yard in front and a fenced one in back, a detached garage and was only $100.00 a month. David liked the house and especially liked the garage where he could keep his red Ford truck which he tricked out and work on it in his spare time .Sarah loved having the truck in her garage and David often stayed late, sometimes overnight (though they were careful about that).But not careful enough.
Sarah knew for sure by November that she was going to have David’s baby. She didn’t tell him, but stepped up the pressure to get married. David, on the other hand, wasn’t progressing toward marriage at all.  His heels were firmly dug in and he still wanted to wait for at least two years.  After all, they were just barely old enough to drink and David was really enjoying his life with Sarah as a single man.
Sarah was starting to feel panicky and she was very worried that she might be driving David away.  But, she decided she had to tell him that she was nearly three months pregnant and convince him that getting married was the best answer for all three of them. She was scared and anxious, but it was the best thing to do and it needed to be done right away.
 On December 20 it snowed and the roads turned to packed, crusty ice. David said he’d take Sarah to work so she didn’t have to drive on the bad roads.  His truck had fat tires with good treads and he knew how to drive in snow and ice from being stationed in Germany. They set out in plenty of time. Sarah decided that this was the perfect time to tell David about their baby. 
Knowing Sarah, I am sure she was sweet, kind and gentle in her delivery, but David’s response was deadly.  He ran off the road at a wide curve, through the guard rail and over a steep bank; the truck turned over twice and ended up 25 feet down the edge of a ravine upside down in a fast running creek.
 David was dead.  Sarah was not.  No one knows for sure how they were found so quickly, but probably someone saw the wreck happen and stopped at the gas station about half a mile further down the road and called the police. The police report shows that it took the rescuers 45 minutes to get Sarah up the embankment and into the ambulance.  She was a mess.  Their report says that they expected her to die on the way to the hospital.  She didn’t.
It took several days to get enough equipment to the site to move the truck and retrieve David’s body.  He had died instantly.
When Sarah arrived at the hospital she was quickly given every possible kind of care with incredible speed and after many hours in the emergency room she was sent to the ICU for 24 hour monitoring by the special section’s nurses and staff.  She was in a coma and remained on the brink of death as they wheeled her into the special room.
Sarah was essentially an orphan. Her mother had died suddenly the previous year and her father had long ago wandered out of her life to pursue a variety of addictions and no one knew where he was or even if he was alive. 
 David’s parents came to the hospital to see her several times, but they were overtaken by their own loss and grief of their only son. They cared for her, but were no help to her.  What could they do for a young woman who appeared to be on the edge of dying?  Pray.  Which they did.
 Sarah’s only real help was her doctor. He did everything he could think of to help her; made her as comfortable as he could, checked her regularly and thoroughly. Her head was badly cut and concussed, her brain had been jolted and bruised, her right arm was broken and her right leg was bruised, cut, battered and swollen.  She had several serious muscle strains, hairline fracture to four ribs and one ankle was broken.  They checked her for internal bleeding, and tried everything to get a cognitive response. She was patched, sewn, taped, supported, medicated and tenderly looked after. She was in a deep coma and she was alive, but not very as reflected on the myriad of monitors which carefully measured every shallow breath and other functions. 
Unknown to her diligent doctor and the attentive staff, Sarah was very much alive and watching from a corner in her room. When they had done everything medically possible to help her and brought her to an ICU, as they raised the high bed’s side rail she smoothly slide out of her body and became her own observer
-----------------------
It took me several days of sorting, rearranging and long hours of reading the contents of the two big cardboard boxes to bring some order to the “cherished bits and pieces”.  It took me two weeks to figure out that the story actually began with the wreck’s awful results and the first of Sarah’s experiences sans body. That discovery was very off-putting for me and I nearly gave up on the project yet again. I am orderly, practical, and down to earth. I understand that there are things all over the place that we don’t understand fully, or even partially. But to know that a member of my family was a participant in a woo-woo out-of-the-body experience was troubling. I shared DNA with this gossamer whiff of intelligence that drifted away from Aunt Sarah’s physical construction. For a brief moment I entertained the idea that I might be able do the same thing. It was a frightening thought.  I dispelled it immediately.
If I hadn’t had the evidence of the next four decades of her life spread out on tables and shelves before me I would have been sure that she had not left her body but had actually died. She not only was not dead she was magical.
------------------------
 As Sarah hung out, easily and comfortably, in the corner of the room she watched nurses, her doctor, housekeeping and other help as they came and went.  Some paused to look her over, one nurse always reached over and squeezed her hand and when she had a free moment or two she came in a rubbed Sarah’s feet with loving tenderness. The doctor sometimes sat for a while and talked to her about his medical opinion and her condition.  He frequently hoped out loud for her return to consciousness.  He worried with kindness. One of the housekeepers always sang while he worked and blessed Sarah when he was finished tidying her room.  Through the day her vitals were taken and retaken and she was checked and rechecked for progress, healing and every big and little sign that she was still present. 
She liked being away from her body as she no longer experienced any pain or discomfort. But she was not sure what to do next.  Did people in a coma just hang out in two places until something or someone came along to meld them back into life’s realness? 
 She was aware of everything going on around her and since everyone else thought she wasn’t aware of anything they thought nothing of talking, singing, and fussing over her all the time, day and night.  A few days into her hospital stay Christmas came and went and the hospital was noisy and lots extras in the form of carolers, preachers and gift bearers increased the traffic. It was, apparently, a few days before Christmas when she slipped her skin, as the hospital was quieter.  But still she had slept only in grabs and snatches. She apparently dozed off for nearly two days and awoke to some people from her work visiting for New Year’s Day.  They didn’t stay long and in some ways were more uncomfortable than she was. There is no training for visiting the comatose. 
--------------------------
One person who came every day, at first, was her brother, my father, who faithfully brought her favorite flowers, peppermint candy (the nurses liked it) and me. I was tiny and have no actual memory of the visits, but now and then as I worked to recreate her story I seemed to have memory nudges and vague visions of her motionless body in the high white hospital bed.
 My dad told me years later that he had a very hard time with this turn of events.  Sarah was his only sister and they had both pulled each other through their mother’s recent death besides having shared a plethora of sibling squabbles and celebrations.  They loved each other very much.  It became more and more difficult for him to make his visits and finally he was reduced to seeing her every Sunday.  He did that for the whole time she was in a coma – 12 weeks.  On his second Sunday visit he took a book of baby names to read to Sarah in hopes that it would inspire her to return to consciousness. If he had known that Sarah was absent from his reality and actually watching him, he would have been speechless.  Maybe even ticked off.
--------------------------
In January of 1960 Sarah remained on her perch in the corner of her room and her body’s life, such as it was, took on a regularity that was boring and totally routine. She decided to see if leaving the room was possible. Amazingly, the thought instantly propelled her to the wide pale green hallway. Her new found ability was to prove useful and entertaining. She carefully thought herself up and down the walls and across the ceiling and then mentally mapped out an adventure.  She went to the cafeteria, the lounge, admissions and found her way to the nursery for new babies. Then it hit her with a jolt that sent her instantly back to her room. She didn’t have her baby with her. The baby was still in her hurt and damaged body. 
The thoughts of her baby immediately sent her traveling self back into her comatose shell. The pain was awful; worse now that she knew what being without it was like. She knew, though, that she couldn’t leave the baby behind again. The baby (she was pretty sure it was a boy) seemed fine.  She knew that it was her thoughts and intentions that moved her out of her damaged body but could her thoughts also move her baby’s self away from the pain and discomfort or did the baby even realize that she was hurt?
She was not alone in her concern for her unborn child.  Her doctor was worried too and always checked the baby’s condition first when he checked for Sarah’s vitals and looked for any improvement. The second day after the crash he had told Jake (my dad, her brother) about the baby and my dad was stunned and said nothing to anyone.  The Doctor and my father agreed that it was best not to tell anyone that Sarah was unmarried.  It wasn’t the baby that was the secret it was why there was a baby that had to be hidden.  It was to be a short lived agreement.
What captured Sarah’s attention, besides the pain, was that while she was away her body had operated just fine without her. She realized that she was really, really hurt and that her body had plenty to do, but she was amazed and delighted with the ability of her physical being to manage her situation. Except for the pain. After many hours of mulling over her injuries, she realized that the pain was the problem for both her traveling self and her coma self. She decided it might be that her whole self was better off in two parts. 
Even when her traveling self returned to her coma self she knew that they were not fully connected like they used to be and that the lack of complete integration was what the coma was about.  It was a way to manage the pain. Her traveling self could hardly stand the pain and her coma self didn’t know the pain, only the lack of full connection.  And coma self was very busy trying to make all the repairs that were required so that the full reintegration could happen. Coma self had lots of help, traveling self was unknown and unassisted.  Sarah decided to take her traveling self and her baby away from coma self. The thought did it. 
Instantly, there she was where she left off about two weeks earlier, in the nursery at the hospital. She was not sure if she was alone or had the baby with her. She lingered on a gurney in the long hall for a while to think about her situation. No amount of concentration seemed enough to tell her if the baby traveled or not. She decided that since the baby was a part of her, that he had and she just couldn’t tell.  She was pretty sure, though, that moving the baby back and forth from her coma body was not a good idea. Ultimately, she concluded she and the baby were together. At least the traveling parts were all traveling, she reasoned. In an odd way she felt very whole, a delightful lighter-than-air wholeness that was euphoric. She was pretty sure the baby was also feeling good.
Though she felt more confident about where they were she was not sure what to do next. A part of her vaguely missed her physical self, the way it used to be before the wreck. A kind of heart-felt yearning came to her for the way she used to walk, sit, and seamlessly flow through space. She knew that she wanted that back, but she didn’t know when or how that was going to happen.  In the meanwhile, she had a delicious opportunity to explore the world from a secret and very special place. But she soon realized that she wasn’t alone.
 She was moving along the corridors of the big hospital and now and then would encounter odd energy; little eddies of moving air and temperature changes.  Suddenly, she saw a perfectly round tube moving with precision down the center of the hallway. It reached from floor to ceiling and was about five feet across. She followed. She thought there might be something inside the tube, but it was impossible to tell for sure.  Then suddenly it disappeared.  Her thoughts propelled her traveling self to search for it and zipped up and down the wide hall past the nurses station and up the stair well.
No sign of the mysterious big tube.  She stayed in the stair well to ponder recent events when suddenly the tube returned to exactly her position and whooshed her traveling self on the greatest trip imaginable. 

Chapter 2 
It All Started at Middle Mind

After I first read Sarah’s notes about the translucent white cylinder I quickly rummaged through the piles of stuff to find out what it was. It took hours to piece the information together, but it was worth it. Unfortunately, as many times as I’ve tried, I can’t find a good way to make the explanation anything but wordy and circuitous.  The good part is that you’ll meet Seymore and Valentino before Sarah does.
---------------------
Seymore and his brother, Valentino, had been overseeing Middle Mind for so long it was hard for them to remember having done anything else.  It was such important work assisting those in transition from The Rim of Creations. They both vicariously enjoyed the fabulous tales and adventures of those returning after a tour of free will and creation at the edge of All of Everything.
The Great Psyche created the concept of Transitioning.  However, the means for each transitioner to completely review and understand their achievements and purposes had been created by the brothers. They had enhanced and honed the tools and methods that were used by the transitioners to return to their entity, go on to a support station, train to assist at Middle Mind or prepare to return for another tour at The Rim.  Every other part of the Support System in which they all served depended on the elegant and successful management skills of Seymore and Valentino at Middle Mind.
They had been together, sometimes as brothers and sometimes as old friends, through many tours and transitions of their own. Many times they had chosen to expand their purposes at the Rim of Creations and on those tours they were always brothers.  The last time was as William and Henry James and at Middle Mind they had retained most of the image, demeanor and temperament of the great philosopher/academic and the prolific writer of complex literature. They had no recollection of exactly what they had accomplished at the Rim during their last tour as it was the purpose of Transition to provide each returning individual the means to wipe their personal slate clean and start afresh to further pursue their purpose or adopt a completely new one.  The brothers had chosen the later and become the Prime Administrators of Middle Mind.
The respite from creating at The Rim had been wonderful for both of them. By staying at Middle Mind they could continue being brothers and the depth and affection of that relationship supported them and their work with the transitioners.  They were both loved and admired throughout every part of Middle Mind.
 Seymore took most of the transitions that were especially difficult; some were quite mysterious. It’s impossible to know how those circumstances are created, but they had to be sorted out and managed at Middle Mind before a clean transition toward a new choice could begin 
 Valentino’s expertise was his extraordinary ability to bring order to complexity. He easily understood the stories of the transitioners and could keep track of who belonged to what thread of experience and why. He kept meticulous records and they were used by many others who aided in the myriad of transitions that were the responsibility of Middle Mind. It was a huge and vital operation and Valentino’s skills were the main stay that made it run easily and faithfully to the benefit of all.
Valentino was especially adept at ferreting out just the right niche for fulfilling a transitioner’s hopes and desires and providing a wide and diversified catalog of choices.  He also was expert at implementing innovations and concepts originating with transitioners.  Seymore excelled at elaborate constructs and creations; he was also a master terraformer.  They managed and enhanced a rich framework and resource for transitioners to manipulate so they could more easily and fully understand their purposes, either new or on-going ones.
Seymore and Valentino had a handsome area where they could work, live and serve the needs of Middle Mind. It was not all their construct, but was composed of the best of the buildings and grounds from fragments of memories carried back from The Rim of Creations by various transitioners’ experience on the great campuses at The Rim.  Because the facility where Administration was housed was loved and used it was very stable and reassuring. Occasionally an unattached memory trace emerged from the transition process would be added to the compound.  The most recent addition was a large black and white cat that Seymore particularly liked.  He was a very small fragment that had no need to return to its source so Seymore commandeered him for company in his spacious offices.
Fred, the cat, had an unusual intelligence and frequently would inspire Seymore to more contemplation than was his custom. Seymore found pleasure in the low hum of Fred’s purring as he sat on the wide wood window sill.  Seymore sometimes wondered if Fred had commandeered him instead of the other way around.  He seemed to have a specific intent to comfort and soothe Seymore and a purpose beyond regular catness.  Seymore like him very much.
It was in this handsome, intelligent and useful environment that Seymore was both comfortable and effective.  It was the same environment where the unexpected occurred.  Something that had never been a part of Seymore’s experience; it would have been delightful if it hadn’t been unsettling.
At a moment when the light on the grounds was at its most appealing, a soft zephyr blew through a half open window.  On the breeze a brilliant light rode in to sit opposite Seymore and announce that he would soon be blessed with a visit from the Great Psyche Essence. 
In all of his memory Seymore did not have a recollection as momentous or meaningful as that simple message. It was hugely outrageous and portended a wide range of possibilities and suggested that potent shifts were in the offing.  Psyche, who spent all her time at Psyche Essence as far as Seymore knew, had never come to Middle Mind since he and Valentino had assumed its management.  Since there were no issues or conditions at Middle Mind that were in any way unmanageable, a visit from the elegant, though distant and reportedly chilly, Psyche seemed at least curious.
The bright light that carried the news was a Mercury Messenger, though Seymore was too dumbstruck to initially make that connection, and the message was delivered without fanfare or explanation; typical of the tidy communicator. Seymore leaned forward and quietly asked the obvious question, “Why?”
The little messenger, suspended in mid-air with the tiny wings on his heels flapping rapidly, responded with obvious impatience, “I have no idea, I am only the messenger, but Psyche knows and I’m sure she’ll tell you.  ”He then vanished as quickly as he’d arrived. Seymore was left to think over the possibilities and stared with thrilled uncertainty at his office door. He spontaneously got up and opened it to the out of doors. There, filling the doorway, was Psyche.  Glorious Psyche, regaled in a dramatic regal costume wearing and equally royal expression of cool aloofness. 
Psyche, creator of Middle Mind and the great mental essence was here, on his doorstep, to see him. Seymore was paralyzed with wonder. Psyche greeted him with far more warmth than he expected, and said, “Nothing is wrong, Seymore.  Your services are needed in a new enterprise.”
Seymore sat down, a necessity in the moment, and Psyche joined him at the table near the window. The cat immediately jumped on the table and sat conveniently so that Psyche could stroke his head and back; suddenly Seymore knew more than he knew before, but was not sure what he now knew about his cat.
Carefully and patiently, Psyche set out what brought her to Seymore. 
Psyche, being a Primary Essence, was all things of the mind and considered by some to be the giver of life, and Seymore knew that most new undertakings originated with her.  She looked directly and intently at Seymore and said, “Valentino’s work is the most essential to Middle Mind, and so we have decided that our new creation will go to you, Seymore. It is to be a new platform for returning to The Rim of Creations without transitioning at all. It is a completely new and much needed innovation.” 
She waited a moment in her delivery without shifting her glittering green eyes and then continued, “The situation that requires this new platform came about because those creating at The Rim are crafting a solution to a problem in a way that needs to be supported outside The Rim.  More and more frequently hurt or damaged or deeply unhappy creators decide on their own to leave The Rim early.  Because their principal focus is creating, the most earnest and sincere have inadvertently conjured clever means of reshaping Units of Creation into large, high-velocity tunnels of light and water.  The formations provided an avenue out of The Rim and into the paths that lead to other zones, platforms, planes and dimensions.” 
So far, Seymore understood very little of what the Primary Essence was talking about.  He didn’t say so but she immediately elaborated, “The problem with these new constructs is that they are unstable and potentially dangerous. Since there are not established trails or patterns dedicated to their use their velocity and lack of guidance leaves them unfocused after leaving The Rim. They have already wandered to penetrate more protected and usually inaccessible areas in a variety of dimensions.  A few times the inter-dimensional projections had made it all the way to their original entity, or, embarrassingly, to an unrelated entity.”  She paused to let that information be absorbed and Seymore tried his best to look like it had been. 
 Her presentation went on, “There are all kinds of stop-gap means now being used whenever one of the intrusions occurs, which is becoming more frequent.  The interceptions are being done in an ad hoc manner without any coordination.  So far nothing really unmanageable had happened, but it appears fairly certain that something will.  ”She stopped and breathed a deep sign representing her frustration with the wayward light tunnels.
 “The complaints about these intrusions have all been directed to Psyche Essence, of course.  There is only a hodge-podge of information and nothing to rely on about the nature of the lights or their passengers. It has become obvious that it is up to us to fix it. The creators appeared to be using their minds to bend and reform creative units into light structures.  There is no reliable information on how they do that.  ”Her lack of clear information and an understanding of the lights were obviously upsetting to the Great Psyche.  To Seymore it seemed likely that she didn’t have an inkling of what to do in the situation and was going to pass the problem on to him.  He was right.
 Quite suddenly Psyche smiled in a friendly, even beguiling, manner and said, “Your skills at terraforming are legendary. My reports are that here at Middle Mind you can instantaneously create the right physical atmosphere that is required for a complicated transition and can disassemble and rearrange creations with equal speed and agility to good effect. I am convinced your talents are just what are needed in this situation.
“Eventually, Seymore,” she enunciated his name with a smooth hint of affection, “we believe you will uncover for us how the creators make their elegant escape routes.  It may be that the creators also don’t understand how they manifest the lights primarily because it nearly always happened in instances of dire stress or serious physical injury and without any pre-planning.  We know that the light tunnels don’t appear regularly and don’t last beyond the pressure of the hurtful event.  There does appear to be a firmly established pattern for the light’s creation that any creator at The Rim can access in times of deep distress. We are nearly certain that the pattern occurs only at The Rim.  Additionally, they are increasing in frequency which reinforces the pattern.” She leaned back in her chair and neatly folded her slender hands in her lap.  She lowered her head waiting for some signal from Seymore.  He was somewhere back at the concept of lights leaving the rim with riders.
Psyche raised her head and leaned forward to provide Fred with a steady, smiling gaze and gently stroked his head as she softly said, “The whole process cries out for order.”
Seymore finally managed, “Yes, I can see that.  ”It was more a space filler than a statement of fact. 
Despite its brevity and lack of content, Psyche seemed delighted with Seymore’s response.  She went on to observe, “There are a few hurdles though.”  Seymore thought that was probably a laughable understatement.“  And I appreciate that you have never started from scratch in a new environment and for this project, if I have persuaded you, it will be necessary to do so.” 
Psyche now had Seymore’s attention and said, “I couldn’t possibly do something like that on my own.”
“Absolutely not!” exclaimed Psyche with a dramatic hand flourish, “I have enlisted the services of a clever and talented minion of the Great Mercury who is also an accomplished communicator on many levels.  Her name is Mesa and she is enthusiastic about assisting the Great Terraformer of Middle Mind”
Seymore was again unable to speak. Was she so certain of his cooperation that she had already hired his help?  It appeared so.
Psyche diverted Seymore from his own thoughts as she set out the mission for him. “It is important to find a way to connect with the creators who are sending out the avenues of light and send them back without changing them or their original purpose for being at The Rim.  I am asking you, with Mesa’s help, to oversee a yet-to-be-created plane.  It should be one that is easily managed with a few able helpers where careful tests and experiments can be made to ultimately establish a receiver for the illuminated pleas from The Rim. You will also need to create the tools and methods for intercepting the creators before they intrude into other areas where they are less than welcome.  The good results can then be established as a functioning platform to process the light tunnels, protect the creators and safely, quickly and easily return them to their original Rim purposes.” Psyche again leaned back in her chair and lowered her head to stare at her primly clasped hands.
Having heard Psyche out on her proposal, Seymore wondered if he was even interested in this undertaking and said so.  Psyche quickly suggested that the assignment didn’t need to be permanent and that, when everything was arranged, tested and working well at the new platform, Seymore could most certainly return to Middle Mind.  Psyche then added, “I am sure that Valentino can easily manage everything at Middle Mind in your absence. You might want to set up a means of communication that would make Valentino a private support for yourself, a resource for the project and a way to keep track of Middle Mind during your absence. Mesa can help you with that.”
Seymore wanted more instructions and directions but Psyche said she didn’t have any, “I’ve told you everything that I know and what the nature of the endeavor is as well as our deep desire to assist the creators who are in deep distress." Psyche seldom ventured away from her Place of Essence; and this trip to Middle Mind was extremely rare, exotic and apparently over.  It was clear, though, that the distress of the creators motivated her to ask, almost implore, Seymore to create the remedy for assisting the wayward great lights and their precious riders.
Almost reluctantly, Seymore agreed.  It was Psyche’s request; what else could he do? But, he was actually nervous, a long forgotten experience.
In a flash Psyche was gone.  Seymore wondered if he could trust himself to know that he had actually received this incredible instruction from the Great Psyche.  Fortunately, his uncertainly was quickly dispelled when Valentino peered around the door from his office and asked, “Who was that!?”
Seymore look at his trusted brother and slowly, with hesitation and deep uncertainty said, “That was the Great Psyche Essence.” He then told him in detail what she had said and requested. When he was finished Valentino smiled widely with his special brand of charm and said, “This is wonderful. I’ll be glad to take care of everything. When do you start?” He noticed that the cat was smiling the same way Valentino was. He wished the cat could talk. 
Valentino asked Seymore to join him for his regular constitutional of walking the campus down to the Transition Zone entrance and back.  He usually didn’t take part in this routine, but Seymore thought it might be a good way to clear his head and make a few plans for his own comfort and well being.  As they moved along the wandering pathway and enjoyed the soft, filtered light, he and Valentino pondered the ramifications of Psyche’s assignment. As they returned to the handsome building, Seymore’s mind went to where he would be living and working; a sure sign that he was leaving Middle Mind. Comfort was one of Seymore’s heart’s desires.
 Seymore didn’t yet appreciation that a place to live was the least of the issues he would soon face. On this assignment there was no there there.  And that, in a nutshell, was what proved to be the first of many hurdles.  Seymore was going to create the there there, whatever and wherever there was going to be.
 In the absence of any concrete instructions, Seymore felt at loose ends.  Without direction or even a wish to hang on to, he began to question his choice.  He decided the best thing to do was to bring his work at Middle Mind to a temporary close and slowly began passing information and instructions off to Valentino.  He brought some of the assistants in for special briefings on transitions that were at critical stages and others that were just about to complete.
 He was unhappy at having to part with Fred.  He told Valentino that he wanted to be sure the cat stayed and his brother graciously agreed to look out for him. Fred would remain in Seymore’s big office, one of the assistants would check on him regularly and Valentino was just next door  .For Seymore it was reassuring to know that Fred would be at his office when he returned and supported his belief that this was just a short project. 
 Still no hint of when and how this project would begin. And then another Mercury Messenger appeared in the usual flash of bright yellow light.  The messenger announced that The Honorable Mercury was on his way to see him.  He went to the outside door and the tall, handsome form of the great communicator walked in and sat down. He introduced his formless companion; she was a Mercurial fragment that was on loan to Seymore for the new project as Psyche had promised. Her name was Mesa and when introduced to Seymore she lightly materialized as a lovely young woman with wings. Seymore thought that her image charming, though not impressive, and said he was glad to meet her. He was very glad that Psyche had sent them as it meant that finally something was happening. 
Mesa asked Seymore if he was ready.  He said, “I am.” In a blink Mercury left and Seymore and Mesa were together in the middle of nowhere. Literally, no where!

Chapter 3
Seymore’s Place

 Seymore knew that Mesa was with him but she no longer had an image; he gradually realized that he didn’t either. He had completely disengaged from Middle Mind and all that was left was his personal sense of self and a nebulous relationship with a Mercury fragment that last appeared as a fairy!  As he strove to orient to the lack of environment in the perfect emptiness, he felt his uncertainty begin to grow.  Then he noticed a few small bright white dots of light in the nothingness that surrounded him.
 His conscious self wondered what the little dots were and unexpectedly Mesa let him know, “They are eternal but still undifferentiated Units of Energy that will perfectly follow you every thought.  You wished them to appear.  ”She also advised him, “They are, in fact, huge and very distant in the eternal way of things. The energy is your servant and is waiting for meaningful instructions.  ”She knew they would also gladly act on his every whim, but experience would be the better teacher. However, she did strongly suggest, “Keep your conscious mind as blank as possible until you’ve experimented, very slowly, with the energy available all around.”  Since he was uncertain it was easy to not think of anything except the uncertainty of it all and anticipation remained suspended.
 It was clear that Mesa was the only resource Seymore currently had available that he understood and so he began asking questions.  Patiently, Mesa asked him, “Please don’t ask me what to do.  It is important that you are creator in this project and you can begin creating at any moment of your choice. Once you actually exercise the energy, the answers will be obvious.” and then she carefully set out the terms of his present situation.“  You can, literally, create anything and everything you want for his new undertaking from the environment. Results will be fast and flexible.  ”Seymore remained suspended and unable to act until Mesa suggested, “Having a pleasing space for yourself may be a good place to start.  ”Seymore thought she was either highly intuitive or that she might be able to read his mind.
 During Psyche’s visit at Middle Mind it was suggested that part of what got him here was his ability to create transitionscapes and terraformation so Seymore reasoned that since that was a tool he understood perhaps it would work in this vacuous non-environment too. He began to recall images from his personal past where he was the most comfortable and reassured; both conditions presently missing.  No sense in adding to the already precarious state of things by thinking up something wild and irregular.
Instantly a spacious and inviting library surrounded him.  It was lined with books and had a wall of glass shelves and drawers housing specimens of flora and fauna.  It was a space of wit, intelligence and curiosity. Dazzled and delighted, he became the child who had lived there as the son of a successful doctor until he realized that he was not on a child’s mission and adopted the fatherly doctor demeanor instead. He was deeply impressed and even shocked at the incredible power that was at his beck and call.
His newly thought-up space felt sturdy enough that he pulled a book from the shelf and opened a glass door to more carefully inspect a butterfly collection.  Unexpectedly, he felt quite safe and happy.  He didn’t really recognize this place, but it was familiar like a home he had once visited and enjoyed.
Mesa asked him if this was what he wanted and he said it was, though he wasn’t sure it was exactly to his liking. Seymore was quite fussy about his own personal comfort.  She counseled him to examine his recent creative experience so he would realize the power of his desires at this junction with pure energy. Once he wrapped his mind around the possibilities, he smiled broadly and decided that this new assignment might be a lot more interesting than he originally thought.
Mesa cautioned, “This new location, pleasing as it is, is fragile and could be changed and even disappear depending on your thoughts and intentions.  Not letting your mind wander is a good idea.  ”Seymore nodded indicating that he heard what she said but she wasn’t sure he knew exactly what it meant so she added, “It is important to do something for stability if the environment is what you want.  ”He paused briefly and then decided on some additions and adjustments. 
Seymore vaguely recalled that this handsome library had been part of a larger house and before that thought of house could form he changed it to a small, rural cottage near a copse of leafy alders on the edge of a long, wide meadow that spread across the front with a lane on one side and a view out to sea in the distance.  He added a softly lighted study on the back that provided a view into the woods and a spacious and pleasant office on another side with wide windows and a view toward some unused out-buildings and an old barn.
Mesa materialized in the newly minted office and smiled her approval. Seymore jumped in surprise at her sudden appearance and instantly returned to the form of his doctor image’s young son.  He glimpsed himself in the beautiful gold mirror near the entry and quickly returned to the doctor’s visage.
Seymore rounded up his thoughts and refocused.  In his experience it was thought that dominated and that seemed to hold true in his new environment as well and as he had that thought, Mesa just smiled. She appeared quite happy with progress so far.  His confidence increased and he decided to stop making adjustments to his new property for now.
Mesa was quick to congratulate Seymore on his achievement and then said something that surprised both of them. “I will become a permanent part of this environment in order to help with stabilization.” Seymore didn’t know exactly what that meant but he was becoming aware that his new assistant could easily change and adjust her image to accommodate the environment, her own moods, or pure whim and seemed perfectly happy with such diversity.  She watched Seymore and added another warning.  “Remember that you are brand new to creating from pure energy and could unknowingly and unnecessarily surprise yourself and me and transform or erase everything that has been accomplished so far.”
Seymore released a large sign of relief.  He was glad for all the help he could get as he noticed that his image wobbled and blurred around the edges unless he struggled to keep his thoughts well focused. Seymore expressed his approval of her permanency with the caveat that he would be leaving to return to Middle Mind as soon as that was reasonable.  He still had burning questions about where here actually was. He hoped it would become obvious as things progressed.
Mesa immediately assumed a place in the office as a smooth, round table top on a lighted center post and formed a seat and foot rest for Seymore’s comfort. The table top was alive. That’s really the only way to describe it.  It was softly lighted, moved in broad colorful swirls across the elegant top and while strong and certain it was obvious that it could form and reform shapes at will. As time went by Seymore was to learn that the fancy table could support he every need and resident Mesa would become a beloved confidant and co-creator.
Seymore again wandered into the library and carefully ran his fingers over a row of book spines enjoying the textured leather and golden lettering. The specimen display cases were packed with examples of flowers and insects both rare and common. The game table in the corner was prepared for chess and a detailed wooden globe set in a gimbaled stand stood near the front window. The round table in the center of the peaceful room was oak with a pedestal and four claw feet. It was home to a beautiful alabaster statue of a water nymph with frogs and half a dozen beautiful folios of nature sketches and botanical drawings.  Around the table were four chairs, also of oak, with leather seats and delicately carved back spans displaying illustrations of the four elements.  A table for preparing new specimens for the collection folded out from the cabinets and above it was a set of diaries, notebooks and a log of all the specimens relating where and why they were collected. Seymore was pleased and surprised at the amazing details and was beginning to appreciate both the nature of the eternal energy and his ability to manipulate it. He had never experienced this level of spontaneous creative freedom at Middle Mind and he felt quite joyful when he considered his prospects.  Surprisingly, returning to Middle Mind seemed less important. 
With a new appreciation of his creative skills, he decided on some further improvements. In his private study he added a daybed laden with soft pillows and covered with a beautiful deep blue Damask throw. He also decided a large overstuffed leather chair with matching ottoman would be just the thing for deep contemplation and occasional naps.  He was very optimistic. He produced a handsome knotted rug of exotic origin and hung gossamer curtains at the two modest windows. A few wood creature carvings on the window sill and one delicately painted flat bowl on the side table near the chair made the room just to his taste.
Retracing his steps, he went out on the wide stone entrance through the double doors in the library and walked down to the lane along the meadow.  It was quiet, peaceful and more and more felt like his place to be. When he returned, Mesa was standing in the doorway watching him, this time as the winged woman, and he felt reassured that she wasn’t always going to be a table.
This time she spoke in words using sound.  “Seymore, your creation is wonderful and it’s now time to move forward with the purpose for your being here.” Seymore had not heard a sound since he was last at The Rim of Creations and it was both startling and familiar as his recently formed ears took in the message.
When he had last left the Rim of Creations, like all departing portions of consciousness, he immediately tuned into the usual communication of mental constructs without actual sounds. He and Valentino had used words forever in lots of forms, but of late, only mentally. 
At Middle Mind he had occasionally mimicked words, but not sounds, in his more unusual transition assignments. Sound was only active at The Rim of Creations, he thought. It was a communication form that was created at The Rim and had never been translated to Middle Mind, though he realized now Mercury must have somehow captured the ability to form words with sound; but then Mercury had his own Place, was not known for sharing and was hardly ever at Middle Mind.
This new turn brought home once again that he was not totally in charge of what was happening.  He had not thought sound at all and was, in fact, surprised that sound was now a part of his creation. He felt a little wobbly again as he was again reminded that he did not have full control of his situation. A certain lack of confidence overtook his demeanor and he began to revert to the young boy.
Mesa caught him shifting and she quickly assured him “The new sound was simply a result of you having recalled most of the new environment from memories of The Rim and not from some outside meddling.” Seymore accepted her explanation and stabilized his image. They returned to the office where Mesa resumed posing as a magical desk. Seymore was getting used to that and decided to use the seat and footrest as a good place to contemplate his next move.
As he relaxed at his magic desk his thoughts turned to Psyche’s charge of creating a platform to receive the great light tunnels and return their creators to The Rim undamaged. First he realized that he didn’t want his private space to be collecting The Rim’s exotic light energy so he began to think of a good place for that to happen taking into consideration the way Psyche had described the wild ways of the traveling lights. He gazed out the large picture window in the office to the outbuildings.  He removed the old barn. In its place he put a geodesic dome of pale Perspex glass.  At first it was too big and dominated too much of the compound, so he mentally reframed it to be half as tall and about twenty paces away from the cottage.  It was about thirty paces across.  He left out the floor as he figured that there should be no barriers to the incoming light formations and simply trusted that the new construct would be found by the great lights but he preferred not to think beyond that. He wondered if there should be an entrance to the dome from his quarters and decided against one for now.
He had a sense of pride from his architectural creation, a response that rolled in uninvited. Mesa said “Seymore, you’re really doing wonderfully.” The sound on top of the emotion disengaged his image to a blur and in a flash he returned to being the doctor’s son again and just as quickly returned to his grown up version.  The responsive changing could be dizzying especially when he finally realized that his emotions were now as influential as his thoughts. 
Mesa was thrilled to see that Seymore could now self-correct his own image but is was also clear that Seymore seemed equally attracted to both the young boy’s image and the doctor’s.  She decided that there needed to be a way to absorb the young boy’s image and make it inaccessible to Seymore, at least for the time being.
There were some small new patterns at Mercury Place that might prove useful. So she sent a portion of her presence home and asked to take one of these little patterns with her to assist at Seymore’s new plane. Her request was quickly granted and she was back in a flash with the new energy pattern in tow. She helped the Mercury morsel create an image that could adapt to the young boy in Seymore’s environment and named him Geralty. Mesa was a little troubled herself as she realized that she had used the surrounding energy for this undertaking and not her own.  Since this is unexpected and possibly dangerous, she would have to guard against too much initiative.  Not easy as Mesa was naturally assertive. 
 She introduced the new helper to Seymore, saying, “This is Geralty and he is here to help stabilize the new platform by watching for irregularities and taking care of the maintenance and clean up from occasional blurring and focus failures.” Seymore was genuinely glad to have a new companion and, when Geralty asked if he could assume the image of the doctor’s son, Seymore readily agreed. As it turned out Geralty was exceptionally good at assuming images though no one realized it in the beginning.
After Seymore had established the beautiful dome as the center of his creation, he was in a quandary regarding his next step.  He opted to do a little tweaking and fiddling. He decided to move the dome a little closer to the cottage and made a glass covered walkway to the dome from a new back door off his study.   He wasn’t sure it would ever be used, but lacking any other inspiration it was a pleasant distraction and added a new dimension to the cottage. 
Geralty thought it exciting and wanted to go into the dome immediately. Seymore said it wasn’t finished yet and was probably unsafe until it was. He didn’t tell him that the dome was floorless. Geralty was disappointed and morphed into a pouty six year old girl.  His imaging could be distracting, but would ultimately become an asset for Seymore and his project. Mesa alternated between feelings of success and frustration regarding Geralty but soon would appreciate what a wonderful choice she had made.
Seymore had reached a point where he was uncertain about the purpose of what he had divined from the Units of Energy. Making up his image and environment was good and useful but there was a job that needed to be accomplished and it was still largely a mystery to him.  He was quite clear about the overall purpose but not how the project would develop.
He opted for taking advantage of the large leather chair and a spate of contemplation, possibly a nap, a habit he developed at Middle Mind after Fred had arrived. He had often indulged in short reprieves from the business of terraformation and he and the cat had enjoyed pleasant respites that frequently resulted in bursts of inspiration. He wished the cat was here.  In fact, he really wished the cat was here. He decided that was his next move.  He’d go get Fred.
 Mesa had not expected anything as radical as a return to Middle Mind, albeit temporary.  She knew that the current condition of his creation could deteriorate to a shaky hallucination without him.  She imaged as a cranky schoolmarm and firmly let Seymore know that that was just not a good plan at all. Seymore insisted. Mesa knew it wasn’t a good thing to inhibit Seymore’s choices. Psyche and Mercury had made it perfectly clear that they needed to have his expertise and talents fully engaged in order to best insure a good result at this level of rich, spontaneous and highly flexible creation.  Seymore was very talented and had the confidence and ability to create the best possible outcome for the light tunnels from The Rim of Creations.  As he was now fully engaged in the new project, his every thought, choice and action were part to its completion.  Mesa knew she could only support Seymore in every way. It was not supportive to interfere with any part of Seymore’s efforts no matter how tempting. 
After a lot of consideration, she let Geralty know that he was going to be called upon to do something extraordinary. With her help she was reasonably sure he could. He was going to have to be the thought stabilizer for Seymore’s new creations while he returned, hopefully briefly, to Middle Mind to fetch Fred. Geralty’s wide-eyed wonder at this outlandish announcement reduced him to a frightened two-year-old boy. Mesa quickly explained that he wasn’t alone in his distress, who Fred was, why he had to do this and a few words about bucking up, simmering down and several don’t worries. He returned to his regular Geralty image but couldn’t help but notice that Mesa was not all that confident about the circumstance either as her own image was sending off tiny lights all around the edges.
Seymore looked happy and rested after his nap and Mesa let him explain to her what he was going to do. Mesa looked at him from her schoolmarm image and forcefully let him know that he didn’t have long and to hurry back because, while Geralty could hold his creation in place, to remain viable the whole enterprise depended on his abilities not Geralty’s. With that instruction ringing in his brand new ears, Seymore’s thoughts removed him to his office at Middle Mind.
He gently picked Fred up from the window sill, tucked him under his arm and went through to Valentino’s office to bring him up to date. Valentino said he was thrilled with Seymore’s progress and that Middle Mind was doing OK without him though his special gifts for transitionscapes were as yet unmatched by the assistants .They chatted amiably about comings and goings at Middle Mind and Valentino told him of some of the more interesting transitions.  They wandered back to Seymore’s office and Seymore told Valentino he was going to take Fred with him. Valentino just smiled. 
Gently stroking Fred, Seymore glanced around and felt oddly out of place, like he shouldn’t be here. He assumed it was because he was so engaged in the creation at, at what? He didn’t even know what to call his new undertaking. He said goodbye to his brother, looked down at Fred and instantly thought them back to his project. 
Mesa was, to Seymore’s surprise, obviously nervous. As the schoolmarm she paced from one side of the cottage to the other exhorting Geralty to maintain his focus. In spite of, or maybe because of, the steady stream of instructions and admonitions the cottage was blurred, the meadow was gone, and the dome was a flat pool of liquid glass. Holding the project in place was taking a toll on young Geralty and he was near panic. Seymore returned just in time.
He set Fred on the library table and quickly reinforced the cottage, spread out the big meadow and raised the fluid glass back into the handsome dome. He reviewed the whole compound to make sure it was again tranquil, orderly and reliable. Geralty was extremely relieved and gave Seymore a look of unvarnished gratitude. Mesa the schoolmarm was collapsed in the big chair in the study and Seymore thought at first that she had fainted. She said, though, that she just needed to collect herself and thanked Seymore for coming back quickly.
It was now very clear was that the project could not exist without him. He was glad he had gone for Fred and glad for the visit with Valentino, but it was obvious that he belonged here. This was his place. Seymore Place. 
 
Chapter 4
Sarah’s predicament

Sarah knew instantly that she was someplace where she had no business being.  She didn’t know how she got here, how to get out or anything else of value about her new and surprising circumstance. She did know that everything was bold, blue-white blazing light that seemed to have no beginning or ending and was moving in a very odd sort of way. It seemed to be swirling and then it wasn’t and then it was flowing upward and then it wasn’t.  She was moving with the light and hadn’t any idea where she was headed. 
 Then suddenly she was back sitting in the stairwell, alone, shaken and dumbfounded by what she knew was the strangest experience ever. She strove mightily to remember every little bit of the white light and faint memories began to emerge.  One was of a small figure coming toward her from what seemed to be far below.  In a split second the tiny being whizzed by her and zoomed upward and beyond her comprehension. The great light seemed to diminish around her and the memory ended.  Then she recalled that a small figure zoomed past her going down and away.  Was it is the same figure? Then the light changed again to something like a long living brush stroke turned in on itself and then vanished leaving her in the stairwell.
She felt distressed and lonely and thought that she and her baby needed to return to something more familiar, painful though it might be.  Her thought took hold and she was back in the upper corner of her own hospital room.  Her doctor was there looking troubled and slowly massaging one of her hands. He looked quite forlorn and she felt she needed to give him some reassurance. She carefully and quite consciously folded herself back into her damaged body. 
Apparently something that was done in her absence had quelled most of the jarring pain and this return left her feeling only mildly uncomfortable. Best of all, she knew for sure the baby was safe and doing well.  She tried with all her might to squeeze the doctor’s gentle hand, but couldn’t do it.  It was then that she had a full understanding of how serious her situation was.  And when she realized that her baby was in the same predicament she cried, unexpectedly slipped out of her body, zoomed down the hall and the dazzling white light overcame her and sped her in its powerful wind into the fabulous dome.
The dome was blindingly bright, safe, warm, and dead still. She knew that the white light had stopped doing whatever it did to capture and propel her and now supported her in a dimensionless space. Nothing moved, there were no sounds, and she had very little to go on.  Though she could sort of look around, she had no sensation of having eyes, but when she looked down she had hands and feet and knew that she was Sarah.
 Then suddenly, the bottom fell out and she was falling at top speed in a spiral of light, feeling nearly frantic but, oddly, cared for and again was back in the stairwell, alone, shaken and dumbfounded.
This time she was also frighten.  The white light seemed to be able to take control of what happened to her.  Her damaged body was not doing well at all and she was reluctant to return to the incredible sadness of her physical circumstances.  She seemed stuck in some limbo without any good choices.  She was glad that the baby wasn’t with her this time.  A stairwell and unreliable light tunnels were, in her eyes, no place for a child.  She had no idea that the amazing tunnel she originally saw in the hallway had been created by a tiny baby.
-------------------
Seymore, Geralty and Mesa, who now presented as the young winged woman, were admiring the dome, how bright it was and that it seemed a perfect place for its purpose of catching the light tunnels from The Rim of Creations. Seymore turned to Mesa and asked “How will The Rim lights know how to find the dome?” and then he grew dizzy and his image waffled and nearly failed completely. He had spoken real words that he could hear with his own ears.  He had not decided to do that, it just happened and left him weak and shaken. 
 Mesa, with Geralty’s help, led him to the big chair in the study and he slumped into it.  He stared back at Mesa and Geralty in blank disbelief. While he had been impressed with Mesa’s facility with sound, he never dreamed that he might achieve such a level of accomplishment away from The Rim. He had spoken using sound and had been heard by both Mesa and Geralty.  For Seymore this was a completely wondrous turn of events and meant that his new Place was far more versatile than he imagined.  He was yet to realize how much he would grow and expand his repertoire and how potent and varied Mesa’s skills were.
 While he was relishing his new ability, he realized that Fred was missing. He said so and Mesa went back to the office through the library looking for the cat. She found him, but to her dismay he was inside the dome. She called to Seymore and he came running.  They both looked into the dome to see the black and white cat being gently petted by a totally unexpected visitor.  Seymore was unprepared for this vision Geralty was ready to go out to the dome himself, but Seymore told him he couldn’t as there was no floor. He failed to explain how Fred didn’t seem to need a floor.
However, Geralty persisted, “What’s Fred standing on?”  And Seymore conceded that he had no idea. He also didn’t know how the young woman had gotten into the dome, why Fred went to meet her, why she was stroking him, why he seemed to like it, or what he was going to do now.  His mind was racing. He did notice that the dome was not empty but full of flowing light streams that were gently wrapped around the young woman and Fred and filled the dome. She was sitting on something, he didn’t know what, and appeared lost in a reverie. Fred seemed totally himself and really enjoying the gentle petting.  It was all very sweet and quite unnerving Seymore thought.
 Mesa quickly and gently reminded Seymore, “You still have full access to of the Units of Energy that you used to create this place, including the dome. With those highly responsive energies you probably can find a solution to this situation and it is clearly in need of one.”  She also suggested that his overall purpose was probably more important than the present situation in the dome; although they were definitely connected.
 Things began to focus for Seymore; though Geralty was so excited he couldn’t hold his image and was flashing and changing quickly.  Seymore asked Mesa to stabilize him, or at least slow him down.
He decided a spontaneous response was the best.  He went to the study and out the back door down the arched walkway that led to the dome.  He reminded himself to keep that door closed from now on.  He called Fred, who immediately turned in his direction and headed for the exit at the other end of the walk way. As he suspected, the young woman didn’t follow because she couldn’t see anything out of her immediate environment because of the light’s intensity.  She knew that the cat had vanished and she was disappointed; it showed on her face.
Seymore picked up Fred and returned through the study and library to the office, and set him on the magic table. He wanted to see what, if anything, was different about Fred after his time in the bright dome. He and Mesa checked him over carefully and nothing seemed to have changed. So, again, Seymore really wished this cat could talk.  He still didn’t say a word. He was, however, enjoying all the extra attention.
A few things were gradually flowing back into Seymore’s memory. He remember that Psyche had emphasized that personalities who created these light tunnels were frequently in extreme stress from bad situations, accidents, and other events that resulted in serious physical and psychological breakdown in their lives.  So he assumed that the young woman was hurt in some way and had created the light to escape. He was half right.  She was from The Rim and was hurt, but the light she rode in on was not her creation but was accidentally borrowed. So the next thing he tried didn’t go exactly as expected.  He didn’t know that Sarah and the light tunnel had already found the dome once before, albeit very briefly, and with the return trip had formed a workable pattern that was picked up and now supported by the Units of Energy.  In the long run that tuned out to be a very good thing.
-----------------
 Unlike Sarah, the originator of her great light was safe and sound at The Rim.  A few weeks after Sarah’s accident, a baby was born in the hospital who had not had an easy birth and was not at all happy with his early experience at The Rim of Creations. He was stretched, squeezed and drugged into Rim life too early and then kept in a glass case with all kinds of tubes and electrodes. It was a struggle and one day he decided that The Rim was not the place for him and he chose to leave. He had formed the light and was the small figure she saw rocket by twice during her first light adventure. 
Since he was so tiny, the light tunnel he created was not very big.  He abandoned it and came back because his mother called and called to him after he left. He could not resist her love, and returned to his original plan.
When Sarah had been in the tunnel with the young boy baby she had left her own mark on it and the light was impressed with her feeling image.  After it was abandoned by the baby, the light immediately searched for her and responded when she experienced the full extent of her physical situation and whisked her away. Sarah’s uncertainty and the small size of the light resulted in finding the dome before it was totally functional. It was a simple matter of the small second-hand light tunnel needing to find a place to land quickly.  The light had started out knowing what it was doing, but the job had changed with its new rider. Sarah’s situation had not been a part of the light’s original purpose. Without the boy baby the small light was supposed to return to the general atmosphere, but with Sarah’s addition the light combination had to find a place to land fast because no plans or purpose for her were ever created as guidance for the abilities of the units that composed the light.  Innovation was the only recourse and the dome provided a deft solution. The light was naturally attracted to the dome because of its underlying purposes; it was nearby and it had already been there once.
So here she was, unannounced, in a non-place with no plan or design or even a vague understanding of what was going on.  The lovely black and white cat had been reassuring but he had vanished and she was left dangling in a large white empty space unable to discern anything about anything and feeling lost and alone, again. She knew she was sitting but not what on and reasoned that whatever she was sitting on must be also sitting on something and maybe there was a way she could move around. She stood, at least it seemed that way, and felt herself plummet downward. 
 After finding the dome the white light had begun to disburse but quickly regrouped to support Sarah after she stood up on nothing.  The vaguely defined purpose of the dome and Sarah’s attachment to the cat, small though it was, were the only available impetus and the light followed it back to the dome. Making accommodations for its new rider the light seemed to find new energy and stabilized at the base of the dome.  It remained there in stasis to form a barrier to keep Sarah from taking another return trip to the stairwell or falling away to parts unknown.
-----------------------
Seymore didn’t know how the dome had attracted the white tunnel that brought the young woman in from The Rim; perhaps it was just the strong intention that was part of its creation. Whatever it was, it was pretty clear that the second half of the process was still unknown and he was without any ideas on how to return the young woman to The Rim safely without interfering with her original purposes for being there.
 He sat at the magic desk leaning on his elbows mentally searching through everything he knew or could imagine and yearning for some resource that would produce at least a clue. Nothing came.  But Fred left. He returned to the dome and the lovely young woman guest who seemed to just love stroking his lush black and white coat.
Sarah was grateful to see the cat return, partly because he was something she recognized and partly because she knew he had gone to and returned from somewhere outside the light. It also seemed to her that, if the cat was any indication, wherever he had been, it was safe.
She leaned down and picked up the cat and he gladly curled into her arms for a good rub. He was not disappointed; Sarah put all her nervous energy into a vigorous massage. Fred was thrilled; he fell in love right then and there. 
Seymore turned to see this pleasant greeting play out and once the cat was in Sarah’s arms he realized that he had to retrieve him before he became attached.  He was too late. He went through the library and across the study to the arched walkway and, gathering himself up and summoning his courage he moved down the walkway to the entry of the dome. He could still see Sarah, but she obviously couldn’t see him, and he quietly called to Fred while reaching his arm through the entryway waving Fred to come. He did, but not exactly the way Seymore envisioned.  Sarah didn’t hear the call, but the hand was clear and beckoning.  She tucked Fred under one arm and intention sent her across the dome to grab the moving hand. 
Her forward motion propelled her, the cat and Seymore half way down the arched walkway and they all just stood there in silent surprise. This was not what Seymore meant to do and Sarah was not sure what she had done. Fred jumped out of her arms and walked toward the study, Sarah followed him and Seymore followed them both. This little parade made its way to the office where Geralty jumped up and down in glee and Mesa wisely remained as the magic desk. No sense doing anything to startle their guest by suddenly imaging; that could be so easily misunderstood. Geralty did start to transform but Seymore gave him the don’t-you-dare glare and he shaped up as his usual young boy, but his joy and curiosity could not be stifled. He wiggled and grinned in anticipation. 
 Fred jumped up on the magic desk and Sarah gave Geralty a wide grin. Then she turned to Seymore and asked, “Where am I?” Seymore gave a little start as he had heard the questions clearly but not in sounds.  Sarah had used his customary mental skills to communicate.  How could this young woman do that! 
 Seymore look at her in all seriousness and said, “This is ES360.” He had no idea where that came from. Things were again slipping out of his control.  Sarah asked, “What is ES360?” After some hemming and hawing Seymore said it was an Experimental Station. Sarah asked, “What kind of experiments?” The word experimental sent a small chill down her spine, but she remained calm.  Seymore said, “Wait here.” and left for the study so he could make an effort to overcome a rising sense of uncertainty and befuddlement.
In the study he paced and thought to himself: What are you thinking?  Get a grip!  You better have a good explanation for this young woman or everything you have done so far could be in jeopardy.  Along with berating himself he also started to assess the situation. He observed that she was undoubtedly direct from The Rim, obviously smart, daring and brave. He needed to make her want to return.  He decided that it would be best if she didn’t remember coming to ES360 but he didn’t know how he would arrange that either.
 He would like to talk to Mesa but she was presently a piece of furniture that a cat was sitting on and that his visitor was sitting at.  .Geralty was taken with Sarah and was not experienced enough to be helpful.  Seymore was pretty much on his own; and he was stumped. In the office Sarah was standing at the big window looking out at the dome and the swirling white light inside. It was beautiful, but she was glad it was out there and she was in here. The table was also truly beautiful with jewel toned colors swirling smoothly over its surface. It was thick and sturdy and felt reliable. She had picked Fred up off the table (Mesa was relieved!) and gently cuddled him and scratched the top of his head. Geralty was sitting at the table staring at her barely able to keep from blurting out a string of questions and giving up all kinds of secrets. He gently rubbed his hands over the table top so Mesa knew he was keeping himself together.  He was so young, but he was brave and willing.  Finally he could stand it no longer.
When he asked “How old are you?” Mesa instantly reached out from under the table and jerked his leg.  He jumped and retracted the question saying he was sorry and that she didn’t need to answer. 
Sarah looked at him and smiled (her smile always made her twice as pretty as she actually was) and said, “I’m twenty-three.” 
Geralty said, “Twenty-three what?”
Sarah answered, “Twenty-three years.”
Geralty asked what a year was. Mesa really yanked his leg this time and he leaned back in his chair with a troubled look. Sarah was also troubled that this sweet faced young boy didn’t know what a year was.
Sarah realized that the people she was with were not really people, at least not her kind of people, and this may not be earth.ES360 was apparently somewhere else entirely. She looked down at Fred and whispered “Am I dead?” For once Fred wished he could talk.
 From the entry off the library, Seymore said, “No, you’re not dead but you are displaced.  If you’ll come with me into the library, I would like to tell you a few things that may make the situation clearer and we can go from there. ”Seymore had decided that even if he wasn’t in control of the situation he could look like he was. Years of bringing order to the incoming at Middle Mind were evident as he began to reclaim the upper hand at ES360.
 Seymore moved the art folios off the big oak table, carefully put the small sculpture to the game table and motioned for Sarah to sit in one of the handsome carved oak chairs; Seymore sat down next to her. She still had the cat and carefully set him on the table as she asked with her eyes if that was a good place for him.  Seymore nodded that it was.
He began,  “ES360 is a location for helping people like you.  It is new, not complete, and your arrival is premature.  But you can be sure that you are safe and that everything here, such as it is, is for the purpose of being of service to you.  ”He looked down and paused.  He had decided that simply telling Sarah a clear, unvarnished rendition of this place and its purpose was his only good option.
Sarah asked, “Who are you?” He told her his name and that he had been assigned (not by who) to create this place to help people who had been hurt and were unhappy at The Rim. She asked, “What is The Rim”. For a moment he was taken aback, was this young woman not from The Rim?
He paused and said, “Maybe you don’t call it The Rim.  Do you call it Earth?” Sarah said, “Yes.”  They both relaxed a little.
Seymore asked for her name and, if she was willing, would she tell him how she was hurt and why she wanted to leave The Rim of Creations. She told him that her same was Sarah Wordsworth and that she and her boy friend had been in a terrible road accident; that she had left an unborn baby in her damaged body back at the hospital where she first encountered the white light. She told him about the rocket baby, her previous visit to the dome and her doctor.  She emphatically added that she had not decided to leave Earth, but was trying very hard to stay because of her baby
Her story mostly fit the pattern that Psyche had described in their visit at Middle Mind but he was mystified how she had been able to use the white light tunnel since it was not hers and she had not wanted to leave The Rim.  And then there was her baby, yet another unexpected ingredient.
 She looked with deep sincerity straight into Seymore’s eyes and asked, “Can you send me back?”  Seymore nodded and said, “Yes, I can.” He had no idea how, but he was very sure that his own success depended upon coming up with some kind of a workable method that would return Sarah to her child and their future.
Seymore also wanted to know how he could be sure that when Sarah returned to The Rim she would have no recall of her visit and events at ES360.He was beginning to enjoy having a name for his place, albeit a rather sterile one.

Chapter 5
Some Light Wrangling

Seymore asked Sarah to describe how she had left and returned to her hospital room and her body. After her description he asked, “So after you left your body you could guide yourself with your thoughts?  ”She said she could and then realized that she hadn’t really said a word since her arrival at ES360 but was still using her thinking to communicate. 
She decided to talk in the normal way and asked, “When can I return to my body and my baby?” It worked; she could talk and be heard.  She knew for sure when Seymore looked at her in mild disbelief and gently smiled. He was coming to the conclusion that there were aspects of individuals from The Rim of Creations that he failed to recognize now. He had forgotten more than he knew.
 He asked Sarah if she was weary from her recent experiences and, after a moment’s thought, she said she wasn’t, but that a small rest and a chance to collect her thought was a good idea. Seymore showed her to the study and said she could use the day bed.  Fred immediately got the idea and jumped up on one of the big soft pillows.  Sarah leaned back on the other pillows and Seymore gently spread the Damask throw over her. Seymore was glad to care for her in this way and she was grateful for the kind attention and his gentle manner.  Fred purred with satisfaction.
 Seymore returned to the office and sat down at the magic desk.  Mesa turned a portion of herself into the sincere schoolmarm and sat across from him. Mesa knew that Seymore was uncertain and hesitant about his responsibilities and she decided to offer some helpful information.
She began by telling him that he was actually doing much better than he was giving himself credit for and was, in some surprising ways, ahead of expectations for the project. She then said something that really surprised Seymore. Mesa explained, “The Units of Energy in the area are more and more bending to your direction.  They will not only continue to respond to our every need but also would support the ES360 environment into a permanent state as soon as you’re ready.”  Seymore only looked at her without response and was apparently not sure exactly what she meant.  She elaborated, “The Units were deeply committed to expanding the capacities of the dome and to making the most of the energized particles that composed the great light.  ”Seymore gave Mesa a questioning gaze suggesting that he didn’t necessarily need all that much help even though he did.  She quickly added. “The stability of the environment here is just as vital as it was at Middle Mind, something you relied on with ease and appreciation, I believe.” 
Seymore remained passive so Mesa tried again to make her point.  “It might be wise to keep in mind that the lights were created from the atmosphere at The Rim and are purpose driven by the desires and intentions of their creators.” Seymore quickly stopped Mesa and interjected, “That is part of the dilemma. Sarah’s light was created by a baby and was used once by the baby and twice – yes, twice – by Sarah to exceed the boundaries of The Rim.  ”He paused and frowned and then went on “The light had found the dome by methods I didn’t understand and I don’t have any idea how to redirect the light now that it appears firmly attached to the dome.” 
Mesa was faced with her own uncertainty: did she need to tell him that the Units of Energy were closely related to the force and units that make up of the white light tunnels?  In fact, they were pretty much the same stuff. But before she could act on her impulse to make such a big revelation, Seymore continued with his litany of questions and observations.
 He almost whined, “I have no information or method for creating a way for Sarah to forget everything she’s experienced in the light and it’s probably a good idea that she not recall anything after the crash.  And she, of course, has to be kept from remembering ES360! And on top of that now I need to return her to The Rim and her original purposes in a way that was not frightening or dangerous!” There was a part of him that suspected all that was not possible. His intuitions had always been good and they didn’t fail him in this case because Sarah would eventually remember everything.
Mesa stood up and interrupted Seymore saying that he needed to take things one step at a time, just like he had done up to this point.  She then provided some prompting, “Aren’t the abilities and intelligence of the white tunnel what guided it to find its way to the dome?  If the light tunnel was created by strong mental intention attracting Units of Creation are they similar to the ones that you used to form this station.  Isn’t it possible that it is Sarah’s bidding that will return the light and take her back safely to The Rim?”
Seymore looked at his new assistant and sometimes table with both respect and uncertainty.  She was exceptional and had provided just the framework he needed to address the situation.  With this new point of view and a more dispassionate review of the current circumstances Seymore began to form a probable scenario.  As he stared out the window at the pleasant view he began to speak his assessment.  “I think it is safe to assume that the light had responded to the baby changing its mind and then to Sarah’s distraught self in the neighborhood of the baby’s return; but the light only picked up Sarah’s immediate experience and emotional impressions because it had been abandoned by the baby.  At that juncture, there was no sense immediately available about why Sarah was upset only that she was and since the purpose and function of the lights is to transport despondent creators, that’s what it did. Without a clear set of directions by Sarah or knowledge of her past or origins, the light had only partial information and no instructions when is bolted out of The Rim. It ended up aimless in undifferentiated territory because it was small and badly directed. 
“The light’s lack of direction was naturally picked up by the nearest available Units of Energy and the most accessible ones are here, specifically the dome.  The purpose of the dome perfectly matched the needs of the light and its precious cargo.”  He turned and looked steadily at Mesa, mind still analyzing the circumstances, and then slowly sat back down at the desk.  He knew he now had a good assessment of the situation but he had a hard time keeping it straight in his mind.  Besides all the questions and potential several other issues came to mind for Seymore among them the changes in his own self. 
Mesa watched as a moment which she knew was coming arrived, but earlier than expected, and she wasn’t totally prepared to explain.  She knew it was important, however, and she did the best she could. 
As the young woman with wings she adjusted herself to sit very straight and proper and grasped her hands together with her elbows on the desk.  She looked square into Seymore’s eyes and said. “You are, of necessity, blending the reality of yourself as you were at Middle Mind with a projected new self of ES360.In order to operate effectively in this arena you will need to use more of the skills and tools that are common to The Rim in order to be able to more quickly and easily help and understand the light riders and the circumstances that they bring to us for resolution.  One of those skills is sound, of every sort, and another is a full range of feeling, which is very nearby but not yet fully available. It will help you, and me and the riders if you keep in mind that the Units will create or instigate anything and everything you need or that they can anticipate you may need for this project.  It’s that important.”  All of this was conveyed with real sound and strong emphasis on Mesa’s part.  Seymore was deeply impressed with both the message and Mesa’s skills at comprehension of the now and coming circumstances.  Not to mention the clear and unequivocal delivery.
Despite his admiration for Mesa, he was also somewhat chagrinned and stuck stubbornly to insisting on answers to his many questions.  The most pressing, to him anyway, seem to be how he was going to send Sarah back, safely, without her remembering where she’d been?  This was not just important to him; it was the first thing that Sarah asked about.  He shook his head and said to Mesa, “We can talk more later. I’m going to do some investigating. ”It was hard to tell if Mesa’s carefully parsed information had made any impression.
Suddenly Seymore rose and walked to the study, quietly crossed the room so as not to disturb Sarah, and headed out the covered walkway to the dome entrance. He reminded himself again to keep the door closed.  He was going into the dome to see what would happen if he tried to enter and hoped it would provide some insight or maybe even inspiration.
He paused at the entry and put his hand inside the dome as he had done earlier to fetch the cat. The light was not disturbed or changed by his intrusion.  He decided to try putting one foot just past the threshold on what he hoped was some kind of floor. Safe so far. 
 He leaned into the entry to see if there might be enough support that he could actually enter the dome and examine the white light. There wasn’t and he could tell that if he tried he would likely fall through the bottom of the dome or worse.  He quickly stepped back onto the walk way, turned and went back to the entry off the study.  He paused and stared back at the dome entry with consternation.  How could Fred and Sarah have been in the dome and why couldn’t he safely enter?  He then returned through the study and library to the office and sat down again with Mesa. He detailed exactly what had happened and asked her why he could not enter the dome.  .She said she had no idea.
They alternated looking at each other and the beautiful dome and finally just sat and pondered what looked more and more like an impasse.
In the meantime Geralty had changed his image to an imp and was sitting cross-legged in mid air. Seymore started to give him a stop-that-right-how look when suddenly it occurred to him that if one couldn’t walk in the dome, maybe one could fly.  Ever since the white light entered the dome Geralty had been lobbying in small ways to go inside the light.  Both he and Mesa had dismissed his suggestions, but now he saw that Geralty might have, if not the answer, at least the means to explore the interior of the dome and its brilliant new resident.
He asked Geralty, “Could you enter the dome and keep this impish form firm enough to do some exploring?” Geralty was ecstatic at such a prospect and began to whiz around the room with wild abandon. Mesa interrupted his enthusiastic flight by grabbing him as he nearly missed the big mirror and just as he swiped a picture off the wall. She gave him a gentle shake and a soft giggle. She found him charming she enjoyed his antics. Seymore wasn’t so understanding. Geralty calmed down some and returned to his usual image of the doctor’s young son. 
 Seymore asked, “Can you project an image that can levitate or fly.” Geralty simply looked blank and hesitantly replied, “I don’t know how to do that without some impetus, some feeling that I can display.  ”Seymore realized that emotions were integrated into Geralty’s abilities and much closer and more important than he suspected or that Mesa had let on. To inspire his very young helper he offered a challenge.  “It is our mission to enter and investigate the dome, and you are vital to the undertaking. Can you do that without walking or standing on anything?” As Geralty engaged in Seymore’s scenario he again transformed, but this time to a super hero with a big red cape, steely eyes, and a serious point of view. 
Seymore just looked on at this new image with frustration and remained silent despite all the urges that ran through him to reprimand Geralty. With practiced gentleness and teeth gnashing control, he asked Geralty “Do you think that this is the best possible image for your heroic venture into the dome.”
 Geralty dejectedly deflated his character creation to something less dramatic, a harlequin elf with wings, and asked. “Is that better?” Seymore smiled, shook his head and said, “It is a big improvement.”  He stood and offered his hand to the parti-colored elf and the two of them set off through the library, tiptoed through the study and out onto the covered walkway toward the dome’s entrance.
Geralty was literally pulsing with glee and it had a definite influence on his image as the lines and colors twinkled with enthusiasm. Seymore stopped half way down the walkway and let Geralty know in no uncertain terms that what he was about to do was not a game but rather a very important undertaking. Geralty sobered, untwinkled his eyes, and saluted. He could be infuriating, Seymore thought.  Seymore knew it wasn’t intentional, but still!
Seymore asked Geralty to show him how he could fly and once he was sure of his ability to remain airborne they moved to the dome’s entry and he gently guided Geralty through and into the white light.  Geralty was in for a big surprise.
 The moment that Geralty’s form entered, the white light began to move more and more rapidly inside the dome to form a funnel.  Despite being able to fly, it was obvious that Geralty he was no match for the force of the powerful white light.  He quickly moved out of the center of the funnel into the light’s edge and tried to grab the door facing of the entrance as he sped by. Seymore realized that Geralty was trying to get out and put out his arm into the entrance in hopes that Geralty could grab it on his next high speed pass around the inside of the dome. He did, just barely, and Seymore pulled him into the walkway. He was really shaken, disheveled, had one broken wing and both of his small white pointed toe shoes were missing. His eyes were filled with great alarm and tears.  He was scared silly. 
 Seymore picked Geralty up and carefully made his way back into the study across the library and into the office.  Mesa was genuinely alarmed when she saw Geralty and gave Seymore a this-is-all-your-doing look. Mesa sat with Geralty and was able to gradually coax him back to his regular image as the doctor’s young son.  He was still wary and jumpy, but he seemed to be aware that he was safe.  Nevertheless, it was distressing to see Geralty in such a state. 
Seymore was also shaken by recent events.  He was very aware that Geralty had nearly been lost and that it was, indeed, all his doing. Geralty was eager and willing to investigate the dome and its contents, but Seymore knew he had taken advantage of the youngster’s enthusiasm and put him in a very dangerous position. 
 Seymore walked over to the big window that looked out to the dome and pondered what could have happened that sent Geralty on such a wild ride.  Until this outcome the light had seemed benign.  He thought back to what Mesa had said about the Units of Energy and the white light tunnels being made up of similar stuff. He had no idea how creators at The Rim could utilize their energy to create the tunnels.  He wondered if something else influenced the light. 
 Sarah’s tale lead him to the concept that the white light needed to have some kind of relationships with its passenger to function properly, and that the particular tunnel now at rest in his dome had already had two such riders.  Then it dawned on him why that light had been so agitated when Geralty entered the dome. The white tunnel had no knowledge of him or his intentions.  The force and particles of the light tunnel had no guidance and became confused while searching for a way to pick up an impression of the intruder.  Moments after entering the dome Geralty’s only desire became how to get out of the dome fast. Was it possible that the more he wanted out and away from the light the harder it was for the light to get an impression it could use?  Or had the light picked up his desire to escape perfectly and tried to throw him out?  The list of unanswered questions was growing. 
But why was Fred able to enter the dome twice without creating havoc for the light? Then he realized that Fred was always with Sarah when he was in the dome and the light had an understanding of Sarah and Fred as well because he had been a part of Sarah’s experience. At least that made sense.  But was it true?
He decided to have a talk with Sarah and see if she could help him to investigate the dome. A plan was forming and, this time; it was a much better one.
Sarah was glad to lay down on the soft and inviting day bed and tried to rest.  She was weary of being over alert and tense besides sad and worried. She closed her eyes hoping that she could at least doze off for a short while. Fred wriggled under the throw and into Sarah’s warm arms as she drifted off into a light and restless slumber.
She vaguely sensed someone move quietly through the room twice but was not otherwise interrupted until she suddenly woke to see Seymore carrying a limp and disheveled elf boy hurrying in from the covered walkway. It was very disturbing and she could not imagine what had happened.  Seymore looked distraught and deeply concerned as he carried the boy through the study.
 She had been so sure that this was a safe place, but maybe it wasn’t. She tightened her arms around the cat and he tried to twist himself free.  She instantly relaxed and instinctively apologized for squeezing Fred too hard and released him.  She sat up, gathered her wits, picked up Fred for moral support and walked to the library and on into the office. She arrived just in time to see Geralty slowly reform himself from elf to boy and she couldn’t believe her eyes. Seymore was looking out the big window at the dome and a woman in an old fashioned long brown dress was busy reassuring Geralty as he shifted back to his usual image. Sarah quickly and quietly retraced her steps to the daybed, laid down, pulled the throw up to her nose and stared wide-eyed into space as she tried to make sense of what she had just seen.  Who was the woman helping Geralty?  Why had Geralty been an elf? And how could he completely change who he was?
It was just too much. Quietly Sarah began to cry. She yearned to return to her beat up body and her baby. She hungered for earth!  Fred watched her and knew she was dismayed and dreadfully unhappy besides being frightened. He wished he could talk.
Seymore quietly went into the study and immediately saw that something was wrong with Sarah. He pulled the leather ottoman up to the edge of the daybed, sat down and urgently asked her what had happened.  Her eyes were wide, tear filled and her fear and uncertainty palpable. Fred was sitting near her glaring at Seymore through eyes that were beady slits and quickly tapping the tip of his tail.
Sarah had the throw pulled up nearly to her eyes and mumbled into the Damask, “What did you do to that poor elf?  ”Seymore could barely understand her, but “elf” was enough to let him know that his trip through the study carrying Geralty had been observed. It appeared that Fred had also been a witness.
 He told her, “I mistakenly asked Geralty to enter and investigate the dome and it turned out badly but he’s doing fine now.  ”Seymore hoped that was enough.  It wasn’t.
Sarah quickly sat up and yelled at Seymore, “Why was Geralty an elf and how did he do that? What kind of people – things! – are you?” She was now very upset, and coupled with her uncertainty, she was fuming. Seymore was getting an impression that Sarah had seen more than he originally assumed. 
Seymore listened and tried again to reassure Sarah.  “I can see where you’d think that something bad was going on and yes, a miscalculation had been made, and it was my doing.  But you have nothing to worry about and you are perfectly safe and so was Geralty.” He knew he was not going to be able to explain away Geralty’s talent for images so he just confessed.  “Everyone posted here can shift their forms and Geralty’s talent is exceptional.”  He’d explain later about Mesa being a table. He then confirmed, “Technically you are the only human here.  But everyone else is of good intent and you have nothing to fear.”
Sarah continued to glare at him and, squinting accusatorily, asked, “Who was the woman helping Geralty?” Seymore instantly realized she must have observed quite a lot and had seen Mesa as her schoolmarm self while she comforted Geralty. Until now Mesa had always been the beautiful table when Sarah was present in the office. Seymore decided to just trust that Sarah could appreciate the truth and told her, “She was one of the aspects of an intelligent and gentle being who is my assistant. She has truly wonderful powers and is usually the beautiful table that is in the office.”
Sarah’s look of shock was a clear signal that Seymore had most probably made another error in judgment. Sarah was not absorbing the Mesa-concept well and actually threw herself back on the day bed, pulled the throw over her head and sobbed. It was obvious that Sarah was in no mood to entertain any request for help with investigating the dome and its contents. Even Fred had turned his back and was slapping his tail in a display of his displeasure.

Chapter 6
Creating Answers

 Seeing Sarah so distraught and his cat’s obvious rejection troubled Seymore.  He quietly and sincerely apologized to Sarah, stroked Fred’s back, which he bristled, and went into the library. He idly fondled the old ivory chess pieces on the game table and continued to be forlorn. He was in a depressing quandary and realized he was feeling burdened by his unfamiliar emotions in addition to the general situation. 
The flower-speckled green meadow stretched out from the front of the cottage and he decided that a good walk might bring him back to center.  At least it would be pleasant to stroll down the pretty lane and maybe clear his head.  He opened the handsome double doors and walked out toward the top of the lane leaving the doors open to the warm light and to catch the gentle breeze.  It really was lovely and he took real pleasure in knowing it was his creation. It seemed bigger and the colors more intense than when he had first projected it.  Was it possible that it continued to expand and develop? Intriguing thought.
The lane led toward the sea and when he could hear the waves on the beach he stopped and looked back at his cottage and the luminous glass dome. It was soothing to hear the water rush to shore and back again and have a good view of the cottage with its thatched roof (he didn’t remember making that) and window boxes of flowers (he didn’t remember making those either) surrounded by the soft light.  The dome seemed very technical by comparison to the cottage, though beautiful in its own way.  It was all definitely his creation but better than he remembered.  Somehow it had improved without his notice or any effort on his part.  He found that odd but not odd enough to distract him from his immediate concerns.
Seymore decided that he would just sit quietly on a big boulder at the end of the lane where it met the beach and hoped that insight and inspiration would overtake him in some meaningful way. He didn’t have any solid answers and needed some badly.
 After Seymore left, Sarah continued to cry and bemoan her situation.  The apology Seymore had offered seemed sincere and she didn’t doubt that he had not intended to add to her distress.  But she couldn’t help but notice that his own cat was upset with what was going on.  Fred still looked cranky.
She pulled herself together and walked out across the library and into the office. Geralty was there, alone this time, sitting at the beautiful table and when he saw her he stood up and flashed her his best I’m-really-glad-to-see-you smile. She smiled back and asked. “Are you OK?”
“I am! You’re not supposed to know about what happened though.  ”She told him that Seymore had spilled the beans about his horrific ride in the dome and that she was glad he hadn’t been badly hurt. 
 She looked around for a place to sit and Mesa instantly materialized a chair for her. She just stared at it and felt limp and was again near tears. Geralty said, “Don’t worry!  It’s OK!  We just want you to be comfortable. Honest.” 
 Gingerly she sat in the newly formed seat and Geralty’s reassurance helped her to relax slightly.  The cat had followed her and jumped up on the desk (Mesa was so tempted to shoo him off) and she relaxed a little more. She turned to Geralty and asked as normally as possible, “How long he had been here.  ”He looked relieved by the change of subject and gladly replied, “Mesa brought me here shortly after they arrived.  They came together.”  Sarah noticed that Geralty didn’t say where anyone came from and she decided she didn’t need to know that. They both fell silent and Fred began to clean one of his front paws.
Sarah decided to ask her big questions.  She tentatively leaned on the desk and looked squarely at Geralty and with the confidence she had left asked, “How are you able to turn into an elf or a boy?” and before he could reply quickly added, “Where’s Mesa?  Why isn’t she here?”  Geralty looked down at the table and continued to stare at it until Sarah started to fidget.
Without looking up he said, “I don’t know how I can create new images.  I’ve been able to do it every since Mesa brought me here (he again was careful to not say from where).Mesa’s here.  She’s the table you’re leaning on.  ”Sarah jumped up and moved toward the door.  Geralty looked crestfallen and Fred shifted so he could clean his other front paw. As she turned to look back Mesa quickly threw a portion of herself to form the lovely winged young woman.  Sarah was stunned as she watched the beautiful fairy reach out and rub one of Fred’s ears.  He agreeably moved his head to make it easier for her to fondle the other ear as well.
This Mesa had beautiful sea green eyes and she trained them on Sarah as she motioned for her to sit down again.  When Sarah was as comfortable as she could be given the situation, Mesa offered, “There were some things you probably should know.” Sarah hesitantly nodded in agreement and glanced in the direction of the door to be sure she could make a quick, clean getaway.  She obviously had her doubts about just how much more knowing she could handle.
Mesa sat next to Sarah and carefully took her hand and began to massage it almost exactly as the doctor had done in the hospital just before she bolted out of her body and was whisked away.  It was such a tender gesture that Sarah began to quietly cry. Mesa took Sarah in her arms and wrapped her lovely wings around her, motioned to Geralty to leave, and did her utmost to comfort the scared and confused young woman.
And why wouldn’t she be scared and confused, thought Mesa?  She has left The Rim on a big bright light, landed at a place she didn’t know where, and was keeping company with personalities that were not human and could make and remake their images to suit the occasion. At times, it was quite unsettling to Mesa as well even though she was a willing, even eager, participant. When she signed up she did not expect half of what had happened and could not really adequately explain much of the rest. And now she was faced with making things clearer for Sarah without creating more anxiety.
As Sarah began to regain some of her composure, Mesa told her, “You can ask anything you want.  You are entitled to good answers. I think you are very brave.  You have weathered lots uncertainty but have kept your intelligence and good will through thick and thin.  You have lots to be proud of and we all hold you in very high regard.  You are a precious treasure to us and we are glad you are here to share this new creation we are working on.  We thank you very much.  We will do everything it takes to get your home safely so you can continue with your life at The Rim.  Count on it.”
 Sarah gave Mesa a look of pure gratitude and thanked her.  Mesa had no idea just how much Sarah was counting on what Mesa had just told her. But she was not sure exactly what to ask. She glanced out at the dome and the first question became obvious.
“What is that white light and how did it capture me?” Sarah asked.
 Mesa easily explained, “It’s a collection of particles and energy that people at your earth create, usually because they are in deep distress from injuries or illness, as a way of escaping from their lives in their bodies. They are amazing structures and are only made by your species. We don’t know how it’s done. We wish we did so that we could be more helpful. Your earth is haven to the most gifted creators in all of Everything and what you and your companions at The Rim, as we call earth, do with dazzling ease is mysterious to us. It is the only source we have for original creation. We are all in service to The Rim and everything we have and do is generated from the incredible creativity that occurs in your environment.  ”Mesa paused and gazed at Sarah, who she saw was taking in every word and nuance.  Then she continued.
 “The light you came in on is one of many that have been created.  The ability to form one of these lights is a new form of creation.  The lights have been getting stronger, larger and more focused and have reached planes and platforms that are related to the origins and purposes of the individual who projected the light. There are millions of potential destinations for such directed light.  The light makers on board have been met and coaxed to willingly turn back to The Rim riding with the light and no damage done.  Once a light creator has return to life at The Rim, the lights dissipate back into the general atmosphere until called upon again to respond to another distress signal.  We don’t understand how that happens, but obviously it does.
“The increase, size and focus in the light tunnels require a new platform that can serve The Rim creator’s needs more effectively. Seymore was commissioned to create a method that would welcome the lights and provide a helpful means of returning the lights and their riders back safely to their original purposes. You are the first to make the trip here and we weren’t ready for your arrival.  Seymore is brilliant and had done a great deal, but he hadn’t yet finished creating the means for your safe return, and until you and your light found the dome we didn’t think there was any way for light tunnels to arrive here. Clearly our assumption was wrong.  But I’m certain that he is very busy working on figuring out both what happened to bring you here and the means for your return. Does that help?”
Sarah nodded that it did. She then said, “So, Seymore is in charge of everything here?” Mesa nodded that that was so, but knew that Seymore had more help than he knew about.  Sarah went on, “How do you know Seymore and how did you and Seymore get here?”
Mesa had a hunch that that would be the next question and she only had part of the answer. The other part was unknown to her presently, and she also wanted to know that herself.
 “Sarah, there was no here here when Seymore and I arrived.  Seymore used his many talents to create this charming cottage and its lovely environment and even the dome from Units of Energy that were made available to him for just that purpose.  It is the same kind of energy that makes the white light but is directed differently.” She purposely omitted any mention of Geralty and fetching him from Mercury Place, no sense in over informing she decided.  And Sarah hadn’t really asked about Geralty’s arrival anyway.
Sarah sat quietly thinking and concluded that it was safe here after all and decided to find out more about her white light. Mesa had also decided that finding out about Sarah’s white light was now very important. They exchanged a glance and both smiled. 
 Mesa offered, ‘Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
 Sarah responded, “About the white light in the dome?”
 “Yes!” Mesa laughingly replied. She went on, “Do you remember when you created the white light?” Mesa was glad to now be asking instead of answering questions.
Sarah smiled and said, “I didn’t create it. It found me.  Actually it found me several times. First I saw it in the hall way of the hospital but then it just looked like a big white transparent tube moving down the corridor of the maternity ward. I was out of my body and sitting on a step in the stairwell when it found me. It whooshed me away and inside there was a tiny figure that rocketed by me twice in different directions.  After the second pass, I found myself in the stairwell again all alone.”
 Sarah paused and Mesa pondered that information. Then Mesa ventured, “So you weren’t in any distress but you could leave you body?”
Sarah told Mesa the story of the wreck, her boyfriend, the baby, the kind doctor and made it clear that she was certainly in great distress.  She finished her tale about the trips in the light tunnel and her painful realization that her physical self was possibly beyond repair.  She didn’t know the condition of her baby at this moment and couldn’t bring herself to guess.  Just thinking about her child brought her back to tears. Mesa immediately saw her distress and tried to comfort her.
Mesa also noticed that emotions were very accessible now at ES360 as she had suspected they would be. She wasn’t sure how that was going to sit with Seymore. She bet that emotions would look like confusion and a burden to him.  It harkened back to his own time at The Rim and she wasn’t sure what he would make of the new feelings that seemed to be easily flowing into his Place. 
Mesa refocused on Sarah and asked, “Do you remember arriving at the dome?” Sarah said she did, both times. Mesa’s surprise was obvious and she asked Sarah to describe both events. Sarah did and Mesa hesitated a few moments to take this new turn into account.  She was very curious about how it was that Fred met Sarah in the dome.  He had seemed neither uncomfortable nor impressed with the white swirling light.  She knew that Fred hadn’t been here from the beginning, but he apparently had some understanding of the light and probably the Units of Energy that escaped both her and Seymore. Geralty had been very attracted to the light as well, but now not so much
 Mesa decided to take a risk and said, “Seymore must have been surprised when he heard your whole story.” She had guessed right because Sarah said she wasn’t sure he was surprised as he didn’t seem to be when she told him. Mesa now knew what Seymore knew and she would not have to catch him up. That was a relief
She said to Sarah, “Let’s go find Geralty and Seymore.” As they walked toward the library they both knew that a bond existed between them and that it would help them both in the future. They found Geralty in the library looking at the specimens of insects, a favorite pastime since he arrived, and they could see Seymore walking up the lane along the edge of the meadow.  Everything seemed to be in good order and the two young women sat down on the bench at the entry to the cottage to wait for Seymore.
 Seymore’s plan to wait for gaining insight and inspiration had worked out well and his perch on the boulder provided both a good view that inspired a spate of clear thinking and had cleared his head nicely.  He now had a plan.  He still needed to learn more about the white light so he decided that if he couldn’t go into the dome he could carefully examine the exterior. And he was more than sure that Sarah wanted to return to The Rim and would possibly help him find out more about the activity inside the dome. 
He slid down off the boulder and walked with a spring in his step up the lane toward the dome and cottage. He didn’t see Sarah or Mesa on the bench as he was focused on the dome. As he neared the top of the lane he veered off toward the dome and made his way through the stubble and grass to walk all the way around it. As he did so he noticed that the speed and density of the light next to the glass changed to form a bright clot which followed him around the edge as if it was some foggy eye or misty antennae keeping track of him.  If he moved backward so did the blurry clot. It was rather unnerving to know that the light was not just strong and fast but also observant and probably intelligent. He walked around until he came to the arched walkway he had built, turned around and retraced his steps.  He did this three times.  The interior observer stayed right with him. At the end of the third trip he looked up at the cottage and saw Mesa, Sarah and Geralty in the big office window watching him. He waved and headed back toward the top of the lane to return to the cottage.
He didn’t have any rock solid answers yet, but he did have more information and that’s almost always a good thing. He was curious about what had transpired among the members of the trio in the window and meant to ask some very pointed questions all around.
He was feeling stronger and more focused, more himself and that too was almost always a good thing. 

Chapter 7 
Negotiating Corners

He pulled the double doors closed as he entered the cottage and went into the office to find his three companions seated neatly at the magic table on magic chairs apparently waiting for him. They all looked remarkably happy and glad to see him.  Even Fred seemed genuinely cheerful. He surmised that something had happened to bring about this turn of events and he aimed to find out what it was.  He would, however, wait for the best opportunity to ask.
With a flourish, Mesa, still arrayed as a lovely winged young woman, produced a place for Seymore at the table and he sat down. For the first time there was a sense of togetherness and he appreciated the ability of his companions to set misgivings aside and move ahead.
 He said, “I had a nice walk and have some new thoughts about how we can go about returning Sarah to The Rim and her baby. When I walked around the dome, something, sort like an eye in fog, followed me on the inside of the glass and I can only guess that the light was as curious about me as I was about it. I’m still not sure why the light is safe for Sarah and Fred but not for me or Geralty whose experience we never want to duplicate. 
“Since Sarah and Fred are the only ones who can safely enter the light they are our first resource for finding out how to use it for the return trip. Since Fred can’t talk it is going to be up to Sarah.” Nobody moved or said a word. Seymore looked around the table during the pause and guessed that there was no disagreement with what he said, so he continued.
 “I believe that the Units of Energy used in forming the dome are also tuned to its purpose of attracting the lights.  I don’t know by whom or when, but we have proof enough of that being true because Sarah and her brilliant light are here.  It seems likely that the units are so sensitive that they both comprehend and become intention simultaneously, or perhaps they had received instructions before appearing to become this place.  But that could just be magical thinking.”
He smiled tentatively and went on, “Are we safe is assuming that formation in the dome contains the instructions or at least the concept to both attract and return the lights? Are the Units also dialed in to the rest of the intended purpose of returning the light with its passenger to The Rim at the spot that they came from?” He realized he was repeating himself.  He paused to form his next thought and see if everyone was still with him.  It seemed they were and he went on.
“At this point I am going to rely on to two things that I know are true. First, I don’t need to know everything in order to move forward and, second, a creator is not is his creation.  Relying on that, I am much more confident in assuming that the Units are aware of their full purpose and, even without understanding how, we can safely rely on the light being perfectly directed to return to The Rim and carry Sarah safely back to her baby and her original purposes.  ”He hoped he had said his piece in enough ways that it would not be misunderstood.  He then looked at Sarah, reached out and took her hand, and said, “I don’t take lightly that I am asking for you to turn a big corner and trust me and the power of the light.  I know that you are bright and brave and that the light has taken care of you and, I believe, it can be trusted to always do that.
“I would like for you to come with me to the outside of the dome and make the walk around it that I did and see if the observer inside has a reaction.  The first time we will walk together and then you can try it by yourself if you like. If Fred wants to come too I think that would be alright. As you saw when I walked around the dome’s outside edge, it is perfectly safe and we may learn more about the light in this second experiment. What do you say?  ”He sat back and watched as Sarah mulled over his proposal.
Sarah stood up, spread her arms and said, “Let’s go!”
Seymore’s eyes brightened, he smiled a wide grin, grabbed her hand and they were off to see what would happen on their tour around the dome.
As soon as they neared the outside of the dome the blurry watcher gathered up light tendrils to form the vague eye that Seymore had seen before.  Again, it seemed to exude a mild curiosity.  Sarah and Seymore both stood next to the dome’s edge and walking single file slowly began to circumnavigate the dome moving away from the cottage toward the dome’s far side. After about a dozen steps Seymore noticed that the watcher remained a bit closer to Sarah who was just behind him.
“Sarah,” he said, “will you walk slower and I’ll go ahead a little?  I think the light is much more attracted to you.” Sarah began to move forward very slowly and Seymore took several long strides to quickly separate from her. Sure enough, the observer in the dome stayed in sync with Sarah. They walked along separated by the several long steps and gradually the observer near Sarah became larger and a new, very small collection of light formed to track Seymore.  He stopped and held his hand up signaling Sarah to do the same.  The two fuzzy orbs stopped too. Sarah looked at Seymore and shrugged her shoulders and they gave off questioning looks with smiles.  It was becoming a game. 
Fred had, as Seymore suspected, followed them out to the field where the dome was built and had crouched in some weeds within ear shot. Now he ventured to the edge of the dome near Sarah and jumped up on the ledge that was formed by the foundation where it supported the dome structure. Both of the wooly watchers noticeably jumped, startled it seemed by the quick motion, and Fred immediately pawed the glass near the eye in front of Sarah. The eye moved quickly to either follow Fred’s pawing at the glass or to see around the cat and focus on Sarah; it was hard to tell which.  Fred seemed to think it was for his entertainment.
 Seymore motioned to Sarah to quietly step back from the dome leaving Fred on the ledge batting at the glass. When they were four or five paces back the clotted light near where Seymore had been disappeared but the larger light focus stopped entertaining Fred and began to move rapidly through the area near where Sarah had been. The light was looking for her and began to flash and frantically move against the glass.  Fred didn’t like the new game, jumped down and ran back to the top of the lane.  Seymore signaled for Sarah to again approach the big eye and as she did it returned to its benign watchfulness.
Seymore was not sure exactly what had been discovered in this experiment.  He didn’t want the light to run out of control if Sarah left.  But Sarah had a solution. She removed the narrow silver ring that she wore on her little finger and placed it on the edge where Fred had been and then slowly stepped back. The light focused on the ring and she was able to leave with Seymore who was impressed with her inventive solution. They turned together and went over to collect Fred and return to the cottage. 
 When they reached the library, Seymore turned to Sarah and told her that he was going to take a break and meditate on what had just happened. She nodded and went into the office.  Seymore went to the study and sank into the big leather chair, propped his feet up on the ottoman, closed his eyes and reran the events at the dome’s outer edge. 
Mesa took Geralty’s arm and led him back to her table, sat down and earnestly said, “We need to help with finding a way that is certain to work that will let Sarah go home, don’t you think.” Geralty said that Seymore was obviously working on it and asked, “What can we do?”
She agreed and then said, “I need to take a small trip and I’ll do my best to be back by the time Seymore and Sarah return; but you may need to stall and cover for me.  I won’t be long, I promise.”  Geralty was devoted to Mesa but gave her a look that said this was not what he wanted to do; she gave him no time to decline.  In a flash she was gone.  Fortunately she left the table and the chairs so he knew she only projected a portion of herself and would certainly be back.  He hoped she returned in as quick a flash as she had left.
Mesa had lots of faith in Seymore; after all he was now quite successful in pioneering a whole new platform and was technically way ahead of schedule.  But neither of them was an expert in the finer points of Units of Energy. In order to best serve Seymore, which was her job, she decided that she needed to seek some answers of her own about whether it was safe to assume, as Seymore had, that the light in the dome was a safe vehicle for returning Sarah. 
Mesa was not without her own personal powers and two of them were speed and keen powers of observation. She didn’t go far from ES360, just far enough that she could see the whole enterprise and sped around its outside edges and then steadied herself so she had a good view of the underside of the dome. It was a surprising sight.  There was lots more light on the underside than could be suspected from the office window. And it too was moving in a spiral that was going away from the dome and then hesitating and returning.  Each time it seemed to go a little further and each time it seemed to grow in strength and size.  She could only conclude that it was alive.  That idea had never occurred to her and she was pretty sure that it hadn’t crossed Seymore’s mind either. She was only half right.
She left in a flash and landed in the woods so that she could remake her image and not risk making a disturbance. She walked to the big double doors and let herself in. When she went into the office Geralty, who gave her a relieved look, and Sarah were teasing Fred with a piece of string and he was leaping and pouncing all over her precious table.  She asked where Seymore was and Sarah said he was in the study contemplating things.  Mesa apparently had not been missed at all.  She really wanted to shoo that cat off her table, but keeping Sarah and Geralty busy was the better choice so she just glared at Fred.  He didn’t care.
She left the office, crossed the library and went in to sit on the day bed across from Seymore who was still deep in thought, eyes closed or possibly dozing. She reached down and wiggled one of his feet that were crossed on the ottoman.  He jumped and quickly sat up. He realized it was Mesa and rolled his eyes but looked relieved. 
She asked, “Seymore, have you considered that the white light might be alive?” To her amazement he said he had and wanted to know why she asked.  She dodges his question and countered, “Why do you think so?  ”He paused and then told her about the misty eyes that he and Sarah had encountered on their walk around the dome.  Part of her was glad that he had come to the same conclusion she had. But he still didn’t know what she knew.
Her view of the dome’s underside had convinced her that Seymore’s faith in the white light was well placed after all and that it could easily take Sarah home.  It seemed to be straining to take off! She decided that from here on she would be a cheerleader for his plans and find some way to slip in the discovery she made about the intensity and determination of the light that was obvious on its underside.
 Now that Seymore’s meditating had been interrupted he stood up, motioned for Mesa to follow him and they went to the office.  Geralty, Sarah and Fred abandoned their game and Mesa quickly took the opportunity to move Fred off her table.  She turned Sarah’s chair to a bench so he could sit next to her.  Seymore took his seat but Mesa remained standing and went to look out at the dome to see if anything was different.  It wasn’t, as near as she could tell.  But she knew that there was plenty going on that didn’t meet the eye.
Seymore said that he had some conclusions based on the experiment and what he now knew about the Units of Energy.  He began, “The light is evidently a life form.  It has intent, focus and responds in different way to different situations. This changes things in many ways.  It means that is may be possible to communicate with the light and that might be very helpful.”
He hesitated and cleared his throat and then went on, “It also adores Sarah and I think pines for her to return to the light inside the dome. The foggy eye was never threatening but looked on Sarah with kindness and seemed to love having her nearby. I think that is very reassuring and is an indication that the light will go to great lengths to protect Sarah. I think it also suggests that even if the light was originally created by another it has expanded and the larger part of it now belongs only to Sarah and is devoted to her service.  My conclusions lead me to believe that she can communicate with the light.”
Seymore was not sure exactly how to frame the next part of his analysis. He didn’t want to give away more information about his circumstances and events before he started this project. But he might have to.  If he did, he rationalized; it would probably be OK since he was going to find a way that Sarah would not remember her visit to ES360. But still he was reluctant to talk about Middle Mind and Psyche’s initial visit. 
One of the things that Psyche had mention in their initial interview was that those who traveled in the light tunnels, regardless of where they ended up away from The Rim, were always met by familiar forms and personalities that would reassure them of their safety and persuade them to return to their lives at The Rim. In Sarah’s case there was no one here to aid her in returning except for Fred.  Somehow he knew what to do and met her both times.  Then it dawned on him that by reaching his arm into the dome and motioning for Fred he may have interrupted a natural process. When Sarah had grabbed his waving hand she had further interfered with the light’s ability to complete its job.  That’s why the light remained in the dome; it knew that Sarah was nearby and wouldn’t leave without her. 
 His thought-filled silence was met with respect by his small audience. He looked at them, smiled softly and realized that he needed a little more time to contemplate. He said as much and his three companions just looked at him and still made no comments. He left the office and went into the library. This time he sat down at the inlaid game table and leaned on his elbows and stared blankly at the chess pieces as he thought about Fred going to meet Sarah.
Seymore had a hunch that he was close to a breakthrough in understanding the nature of the mysterious lights. He still didn’t have any clues to how they were constructed by the creators at The Rim, but he was gradually pasting together a good hypothesis of how they operated once they were in use. It would be a big step forward.

Chapter 8
Ways and Means

Seymore, based on what he now knew, thought he could conduct a safe experiment involving the inside of the dome.  He returned to the office. Surprisingly, Mesa was holding Fred, probably to keep him off her magic platform. Geralty and Sarah were playing a board game that Mesa had materialized for them.  It was a pleasant scene, relaxed and peaceful. It would have been so easy to fall into the gentle mood, but he knew his experiment had to come first. 
He sat down on the bench and leaned on the table with a serious glance toward Mesa who freed the cat and moved closer to the table’s edge.  Seymore turned to Sarah and said, “I am 99 per cent sure that I know now how to get you home, but we need to try something first. I want you to take Fred with you into the dome, slowly and carefully, and to notice as much as you can about what happens to the light.  We already know that the two of you can safely be in the dome together so nothing dire is going to happen.
“When you are at about the center of the dome, I think that’s about fifteen paces, I want you to set Fred down and again see if anything changes. I hope that Fred will begin to leave.  If he doesn’t, I’ll call him and reach out my hand like I did before.  After he has gone a little ways, I want you to follow him, slowly and keep right behind him, even picking him up if you think you need to and make your way out of the dome.  You’ll need to keep checking on what the light is doing.  I’ll be at the entrance and can watch you through the misty light.  If at any time you feel uncertain or unsafe, simply pick up Fred and make a bee line for the exit. If everything seems OK then let him move a little ways ahead and again see what changes.  What might happen is that the light will begin to gather force and start to form the tunnel as it did before.  If it does, just pick up Fred and leave the dome as quickly as possible. 
 “It’s important to stay in contact with Fred. If you think back, you’ll remember that it was Fred who met you both times when you and the light found the dome. If he’s with you, the light will most likely remain.  If he’s not, it is almost certain that the light will immediately speed up to take you back to The Rim” 
He noticed that Sarah was going to interrupt and he held up his hand to stop her and said, “I know that returning is exactly what you want and I want that for you, everyone does, even Fred I imagine. But we need to be sure exactly how that’s going to happen before we give you over to ride the light home.  We all want you to be safe.  You are more precious than you can possibly know. 
He stopped to let the idea sink in and asked Sarah, “Would you like to think about this proposed experiment and maybe do a practice run without going into the dome?  ”Sarah said she would.
And she decided that a walk would be a good idea before the rehearsal, so she excused herself and left through the front doors in the library and headed across the grass toward the alder woods.  It was cool and smelled of bark and moss, a memory of home that made her heart ache, and she sat down on a fallen log to think about entering the dome for Seymore’s research. Fred had followed her and was happy to play with a twig as Sarah moved it across a clutter of leaves and small blue flowers in the grass.  She looked at him very intently and wondered if he really was part of her answer for finding her way home and soon.  He stopped chasing the twig and rubbed his whole body along her leg.  He really was a wonderful cat and she knew that black and white cats were the smartest of all.
 She mentally committed to Seymore’s experiment and was ready for the dry run.  She walked back toward the cottage entrance dragging a long twig that Fred tried to capture. She had a feeling that it wouldn’t be long before she would be going back to the hospital.  Riding in the white light was not hard, but it was strange and after everything that had happened it held lots of uncertainty.  She was not looking forward to the trip but she did want to go back to her physical self even without knowing what she would find.  She was always worried about her baby.
When she returned Seymore, Geralty and Mesa were waiting at the entrance and they all went along the path to the top of the lane where there was a large flat spot that was big enough to rehearse the proposed entry into the dome. Since Geralty and Mesa had no actual part to play in the experiment, they stood on each side of Seymore as the frame of the exit at what would be the dome end of the arched walkway. 
Sarah picked Fred up and held him securely in her arms and walked between Geralty and Mesa as the pretend entry and carefully paced to what would be about the middle of the dome.  She bent to set Fred on the ground facing the faux entry and paused.  Fred didn’t move he didn’t even tap his tail. Sarah said, “Fred, you can walk to the doorway now.” He stood up but didn’t take a step. 
Seymore moved to stand between the door markers and reached his hand into the fake dome area, motioned for Fred and called him.  Reluctantly, the cat began to move slowly toward Seymore and Sarah followed him.  Fred covered about half the return distance and then stopped and crouched with his ears back. Sarah bent down and picked him up and went the rest of the way to where Seymore was standing. 
 Sarah looked at Seymore and said she was not sure that was a perfect performance but that she had the idea. Seymore took Fred from Sarah and they all went back toward the cottage. It was unclear what Seymore thought, but back in the office he turned to Sarah and said, “If you feel comfortable, I think we can go out to the covered walkway and begin.” So Fred and Sarah and Seymore left, crossed the library and went through the study and out onto the walkway that connected to the dome. Geralty and Mesa stayed behind in the office looking out the big window to observe what they could of events in the dome. 
At least that’s what Geralty did. Mesa told Geralty she was going to make another little trip and the same rules applied as the last time.  Geralty rolled is eyes and groaned. Mesa was gone in a snap. 
Sarah was trying to breathe away her anxiety and clutched Fred very close. She walked ahead of Seymore to the dome entry, gave him a glance for reassurance and stepped over the threshold into the light.  Nothing happened. She very slowly paced off fifteen steps to the center of the dome. Fred reached up and licked her cheek and she nearly wept with gratitude.  The light seemed richer, thicker somehow but quiet and dead still. She looked down at Fred and told him, “I’m going to set you down now.  ”She leaned over and gently set him on what appeared to be nothing at all.  He just sat there and didn’t move, just like in the rehearsal.  She notice right away that the light started to move around to her left, not fast, but steadily and with an even speed. 
She nudged Fred with her toe and he stood but still didn’t move away.  Then Seymore called him from the doorway, just like the first time and he slowly began to move toward Seymore’s hand stretched out into the light. The light immediately moved more rapidly, but this time, as Sarah followed the cat, it was wrapping itself around her and seemed to disappear in itself.  It was almost tangible.  .After about five paces Fred moved a little faster and so did Sarah and the light sent out more gossamer bands as if to hold Sarah. She felt her heart in her throat, grabbed Fred and ran that last few paces through and beyond the entry. She nearly knocked Seymore over but he quickly regained his balance, grabbed Sarah from behind, took her by both arms and marched her and the cat the length of the covered walkway and safely into the study.  He looked back down the walkway and the light had actually sent out long strips of thick light half way along the walkway toward the study door, which he quickly closed and leaned back against to catch his breath. 
The experiment had gone very well, but the light was definitely stronger and he was sure it now carried the imprint of both Sarah and the cat and that it would have left with both of them in tow had not Sarah acted as quickly as she did. He was very grateful for the run through at the top of the lane; it had made all the difference.
Now it was time for some serious assessment because the next time it would be the real thing and Sarah would be transported home.  Seymore knew that for sure.  So did Sarah.
When Sarah moved into the dome, Mesa instantly went on a second short trip around the outer rim of ES360 to see what the underside of the dome looked like. She didn’t have to go far. As she passed over the boundary of Seymore Place she could see that the brilliant light had extended itself beyond from the dome far out into the atmosphere and was a gigantic white swirling tube of strength and intention.  She was astonished and quickly returned to the cottage entrance. She gasped to catch her breath, leaned against the door and hoped her dramatic return hadn’t been noticed.
She carefully opened one of the double doors and slipped into the library, paused to make sure she was alone and then crossed to the office. Geralty was standing pressed against the big window watching the lights in the dome as they were dipping and swirling. He was very startled to see that Mesa had returned so quickly and then saw Sarah and Fred bolt into the covered walkway and past Seymore. The three of them quickly moved to the end of the walkway and into the study with a long arm of white light right behind. He was shocked and more than a little frightened.  What was the light doing? 
Mesa was also looking at the covered walkway filled with light and knew that it was searching for Sarah.  The light returned to the dome and started to resume its usual smooth flow of light streamers next to the inside of the glass. She knew that Sarah wouldn’t be at Seymore Place much longer.
Sarah sat down on the big ottoman, hugged Fred very close and buried her face in his rich coat.  She was shaken as she now knew how much the light wanted her to stay in the light and return with her to earth.  She would have to go soon and she was both glad and sad. 
Seymore sat on the arm of the big leather chair and looked at Sarah and knew that she was distressed but none the worse for her latest light adventure. He was feeling quite good about the experiment and now had new information to add to his trove of data and details. All that remained was to make a good plan, and to figure out when it would be best for Sarah to return to the light and leave on her amazing journey home. 
He suggested to Sarah that she take a rest on the day bed. When she was comfortable he left to go across the library to the office.  Both Mesa and Geralty were sitting at the magical table, but this time Mesa was her stern schoolmarm self and he knew she had something serious on her mind. He sat down and she prepared to tell him about her two recent trips, though not exactly. 
 Instead, she asked him if it was OK for her to make a short trip around Seymore Place to see what the parameters looked like since it was clear that the light was stronger.  He said he thought that was an excellent idea and would add to his information about the light.  She quickly changed to the lovely winged girl and was off.  Seymore was dazzled by her dexterity at changing and then vanishing.  He wondered how she did that. 
 Geralty, on the other hand, looked somewhat dazed by what he had just seen and was worried about what looked to him like a very aggressive gesture by the light toward the experimenters. He raised his eyes enough to look at the dome through the big window and it seemed calm enough, but his frightening ride in the dome had left him certain that the white light could be very dangerous.
It was obvious to Seymore that Geralty was troubled so he took him by the arm and they sat down together on the bench facing away from the window.  He gently put his arm around his shoulder and just held him until he leaned his head into Seymore’s shoulder and quietly cried. He was terribly upset. Seymore didn’t realize until now that Geralty had not always been kept well informed or appreciated for his skills and bravery. He cried for a few minutes and when he seemed more relaxed, Seymore decided to make him a confidant and tell him ahead of time what he was very certain would happen next. 
Geralty sat up and wiped his eyes on his shirt sleeve and looked at Seymore who said, “Geralty, I need your help and advice about when and the best way for Sarah to re-enter the light for the last time so she can go back to The Rim. What should we do to make her send off special? It is the very first time that the dome has released a light and returned a rider and goes a long ways toward fulfilling our mission here.” He gave Geralty a soft, questioning smile. 
 Geralty lit up, he was thrilled to be asked to be a part something so important.  Most of the time, he felt that he was just along for the ride, and sometimes a bumpy one, with the creator of Seymore Place and his clever assistant  .And he adored Sarah who had been kind to him from the very beginning.  And the cat was a welcome diversion.  But now he had a chance to really be a part of something momentous.  In the process of accepting this new relationship, Geralty slowly and carefully grew several inches and his image developed new strength and his posture straightened.  He swelled with hope and potential. 
 “I think,” he began, “that we should be sure that each of us, including Fred, have a chance to say proper goodbyes to Sarah and tell her how important she is and how much we care about her. Maybe Mesa could have her magic desk do something special that Sarah would always remember. Not a party, more like an occasion.  Can we give her something to take with her?  ”Geralty stopped, looked at Seymore and then said he would like to think about it for a little bit.  Seymore agreed and as he did Mesa zipped in through the door and took a seat at the table.  She looked quite pleased. And well she should be as she had lots of good news for Seymore.

Chapter 9
A Grand Exit

 Geralty got up off the bench he had shared with Seymore and went into the library, sat down at the specimen table and to begin creating the perfect send off for Sarah. As he looked at the row of small neatly labeled catalogues of everything in the collection, he decided that he would begin a history of Seymore Place and he would add to it everyday. It would be his private contribution to the experiment. He would start his diary with his agreement with Seymore to collaborate on Sarah’s departure tribute.  He took down a fresh notebook, took one of the pens from the holder and began his private journal of ES360 by designing a bon voyage for Sarah.
Seymore remained in the office with the freshly returned Mesa eager to hear her findings on the current condition of the extremities of ES360. Mesa was equally glad to tell him and would include all the information from all three of her trips.

She began, “The light, as you have suspected, has grown in strength and its purpose is very clear, don’t you think?” she didn’t wait long enough for him to question how she knew what he knew. “On the underside of the dome the funnel of light extends far out into the atmosphere beyond the base of the dome and is swirling with such force that it constantly grows and extends itself.  It actually seems to tug at the dome’s foundations. After seeing the gigantic formation I am sure that we need to act very soon to send Sarah home because the light is eager to take off!”
And then she paused and said, “Which is going to be very hard to do. I know she wants to go, and the light certainly wants to take her back, but I will miss her.  She’s just wonderful, brave, and bright and delightful company.  Poor Fred is going to be very sad when she leaves. And Geralty may have the hardest time of all seeing her off.  And then there’s you, Seymore.  ”She stopped short of giving Seymore her diagnosis of his state of mind.  Mesa didn’t feel quite that brave. 
It was not possible for Mesa to be more emotional than that meaningful endorsement of Sarah and it was high praise to be so admired by the fragment of Mercury. She knew that the departure was going to be hard on Seymore though he may not realize that just yet. Seymore would be OK, but she knew that Geralty was likely to be very upset when he had to say goodbye to the warm and endearing earthgirl.  But then some things had happened in her absence that would make everything easier for everyone, including Mesa 
As Mesa and Seymore continued their review, Geralty spent a long time, longer than he expected, writing up his ideas for Sarah’s departure celebration.  He carefully closed the journal he had started, gathered his notes and peaked into the study to make sure Sarah was still resting and then went through to the office. He took a place at the table with Seymore and Mesa and smiled sweetly under eyes that glittered with anticipation.
 He said, “As you suggested Seymore, I have some notes on ideas about how we can create a wonderful way to celebrate the first time a light is returned to The Rim and let Sarah know how much we love and will miss her when she has gone home.  ”He paused, hoping that Mesa would say nothing even though this was all news to her.  Mesa, wisely, said nothing. But secretly she was thrilled to see Geralty take such initiative and saw this new assignment had enhanced his image and brightened his demeanor.  She thought he was quite poised and enjoyed his new found confidence.
 He went on, “I think that we each need to have an opportunity to express our affection and appreciation to Sarah privately; and I think Sarah would appreciate some privacy with each of us, including Fred.  A few gestures of affection that we could all make when she leaves for the dome for the last time would be appropriate too.  I would like to hug her or maybe salute, I’m not sure.  Perhaps you two could choose what you want to do.  I think holding hands is nice, and linking arms is good to.  You get the idea.  ”He looked for a reaction; none was evident, but his audience seemed to be with him so far.
“When Sarah is ready to leave, I think that you, Seymore, should carry Fred and go with Sarah to open the door in the study that leads out to the arched walkway and stay there as she goes down the path to go into the dome.  I really think you’ll need to hold Fred tightly, Seymore, because I think he thinks he’s her cat now not yours.  Sorry, but I really think so.  ”He stopped again to see how this opinion was going to register.  Both of his compatriots nodded indicating that he could be right about Fred.
 “Before we begin to say goodbye, I think we should all gather in the library and ask Sarah if there is anything she needs or wants to know or wants to say to all of us about her stay here at Seymore Place. I’ll bet there’s plenty that she hasn’t asked or said and she deserves a chance to do that so she feels as complete as possible before she leaves.  ”Mesa and Seymore continued to give Geralty their undivided attention.  They were both impressed with the depth and richness of the young man’s understanding of the coming change.
“Lastly, I think we should give Sarah something to take with her.  I know we will have to be careful what it is.  Anything tangible probably won’t make the trip and it could be really disturbing if she arrives back at the hospital with something that she obviously didn’t have when she left.  And the light doesn’t seem to like strange things; at least that’s my personal experience. But I thought we might give her a short, easy to remember song.  ”He carefully looked up and went on, “And maybe a little dance to go with it.  ”He put down his notes on Mesa’s elegant table, sat back in his chair and asked for opinions.
After a short interval, Seymore said, “You’ve done well, Geralty, and I can’t find anything in your plan that I would change. Is there anything you would like to add, Mesa?” Before she could answer, he quietly added, “She really is leaving very soon, isn’t she?”  He looked down and both Mesa and Geralty were acutely aware that he was doing his best to cope with what was heartfelt sadness.
Mesa softly answered Seymore, “Yes, Seymore, she is. We need to remember that it is what we all want and anything else would defeat the entire purpose we are dedicated to fulfill.  I don’t imagine that we will ever again have the opportunity to know or share such a fine relationship with another white light traveler, but we can be very grateful that we did get to cherish and help Sarah.  She has been courageous and generous and made it easier for us to create something of enormous value.  It’s truly wonderful”
She turned to Geralty and said, “I like your ideas very much.  Have you had time to work on a song for Sarah?  ”He said he hadn’t and Mesa said she would be glad to help, if he didn’t mind. 
Geralty was surprised and elated that the magical Mercury fragment would want to create with him.  She reached out and drew two small silver tin whistles from the desk and handed one to Geralty. He had never played an instrument, but as Mesa took hers and gentle blew into one end he did the same and together they began to experiment with ideas about lyrics and simple tunes.
Seymore was charmed and listened to their melodious efforts and suggestions for meaningful lyrics. Then he decided to check on Sarah and left the musical collaborators. He crossed the library and looked in to the study. Sarah continued to doze, arms folded around Fred held close under her chin.  Fred opened one eye slightly without enthusiasm, closed it and Seymore left.
 He turned back to the library and noticed that Geralty had apparently been using the specimen table as his desk and had left one of the journals out on the top. As he picked it up he noticed that it had no label on the spine so he opened it to check the contents so he could put it in the right place.  But what he found was Geralty’s initial effort at starting a record of events at Seymore Place and again he thought how he had underestimated him. He didn’t read the journal entry but simply closed it and left it on the desk top. But he made a pledge to begin Geralty’s enlightenment as his potential protégé.  He knew he could use the help, and that was, after all, why Mesa had brought him here, though he still didn’t know from where.  It was time he asked. 
 He sat down at the handsome oak pedestal table and idly thumbed through one of the art folios and thought about what needed to happen to complete Sarah’s journey home. His main task was finished as he was certain that Sarah would return to The Rim safely and be reunited with her physical body and the baby it protected.  And Geralty’s plans for a meaningful ceremony were just right. But he still wasn’t sure that she would forget being here.  And, frankly, a part of him wished she would remember, but he had a strong intuition that was not a good idea. What did he need to do and how could he be sure that she had forgotten about ES360?
He heard soft footfalls and looked up to see Sarah in the study door.  He quickly motioned for her to join him. She lowered herself into on the elegantly carved chair and hesitantly asked, “Can I tell you something?  ”Seymore looked deep into her eyes and said, “Anything!”
She clasped her hands on the table and looked down and then up at Seymore and replied, “I was sleeping, Seymore, something I haven’t done much since I’ve been here and more than that, I was dreaming. I was dreaming that I was home where I used to live and it was sunny and bright and I was really happy.” She paused and again looked down, “At least I thought I was happy until I realized that I was alone and couldn’t find anyone I loved. I went from room to room and searched and searched but I couldn’t fine anybody and then I started to forget their names and then I was all alone and back in the hospital and then I suddenly woke up.  Now I feel scared.  What if nothing is the same when I get back? What if bad things have happened to me or my baby or my boyfriend?  What will become of me?”
 Seymore was racking his brain to figure out what dreaming was  .He had heard a few of the personalities in transition at Middle Mind mention dreams but they had never played a part in what he worked with so he had no idea what they were.  His own memories of time at The Rim were fully integrated and details were merged with main events that had been resolved or continued in new forms. His recall of Rim events was just an overview without details and specifics.
 He masked his lack of information with an evasion, “Tell me more about when you knew you were dreaming.  ”She looked at him, frowned and then thought for a moment.  “Well, when I first laid down on the day bed I was just resting and then for a while I sort of dozed and then I fell asleep and it seemed like a very long time since I slept.  I guess the dream started after I had been sleeping really soundly and stopped when I suddenly woke up.  Does that help?” Seymore said it did and now he remembered that dreams were a part of the long rest and renewal period that personalities at The Rim used regularly to restore energy and maintain continuous positions in time and space. 
 He then had an insight that would probably solve the potential problem of Sarah remembering ES360. He looked at her with affection and suggested, “I think that you have had a premonition of your trip home and have given yourself instruction to go home and reclaim your purpose for living at The Rim.  To do that some of your past, probably most of what you remember about being here and even some of your previous relationships at The Rim will change or disappear completely. And, I think that’s probably right.  You have been in a bad accident and in the hospital and have had an amazing adventure traveling far outside your regular environment. That’s a lot of change and naturally things will be different.  ”Then he ventured, “In some way we don’t understand, the light may be communicating with you.  The dream seems to say that you will return, and soon, and that things will be different and changed and that you will reach the hospital and reawaken to your renewed life.  That would be a good result; pretty much exactly what you want.” He smiled for Sarah and hoped that she also could claim some hope from his version of her dream; and that the suggestion about what to forget would do the trick.  It was a nice try.
As they sat together Seymore reached out to take Sarah’s hand.  He looked at its pale, smooth skin and slender fingers and could hardy contain his emotions.  He was deeply moved as he looked in her eyes and quietly said, “Sarah, thank you for coming here and know that I will hold you in my heart with love.  ”They stood together and wrapped their arms around each other and sobbed.
They gradually regained their composure and both smiled as they heard the faint notes of the tin whistle players in the office.  Sarah looked up at Seymore, smiled, and took his hand and walked with him across the library and into the office. Geralty and Mesa were carefully playing the latest version of what they now called Sarah’s Song. They stopped and smiled widely in unison making it obvious that they were having a wonderful time.
Sarah said, “Oh, play it again!” They immediately turned to each other, laughed and played the lilting eight note tune and then they all clapped in appreciation.  Geralty told Sarah it was her song to take with her so she would feel safe.  They told her there were words and a short step dance to match the music. Mesa said she would play the tune and Geralty would sing. He looked a little embarrassed but in a gentle soprano voice he sang:

I always know that I am loved

Sarah’s eyes welled with tears and she went over to where Geralty was standing for his solo and wrapped her arms around him, held him very closed and whispered, “I love you, Geralty” in his ear.  He clung to her and silently cried into her shoulder and muttered “Oh, I love you so much!  ”They rocked each other until they both felt their emotions ebb and then smiled and sat down together on the bench. 
Mesa continued to play Sarah’s Song and Seymore took a place in a magic chair, and they all just sat for a long time surrounded by their love for each other and listening to the tin whistle’s gentle tune fill the air.  Sarah spoke of her desires for her child and her earnest hope for a rapid recovery once she was back at The Rim.  Seymore told everyone about his hopes and wishes for the success of the station and how much he appreciated what had already been done.  Mesa made a special prediction that the station would one day be a star in the Support System in which they all served. She replayed the little tune several times and they all sang along.  Presently, Mesa stopped playing and reached under the magic table to grasp Sarah’s hand and hold it with gentle kindness as they all drank in the moment as a wonderful expression of their affection and deep sense of accomplishment.
 Seymore looked around the table and then said to Sarah, “You may never know the true measure of your gift when you brought us your light and your company.  We are very grateful.
 Then Sarah said, “I think I am about ready to leave for home.  ”Her voice caught as she said it, but she knew it was true.
With that Seymore invited Geralty to go with him to find Fred. When they were gone, Mesa turned to Sarah and said, “It is very hard to accept that you are leaving. But I want you to know that your impression will always be on Seymore Place and that we will never forget you and send our love with you. I am glad you like the song and I will sing it too every time I think of you.  Teach it to your baby.” She smiled, squeezed the small hand again and then suddenly leaned over and brushed a gentle kiss across Sarah’s cheek.  Sarah put her fingers on the kiss and looked at Mesa with loving gratitude. Though Sarah would never know, it was the only time that a light traveler would be kissed by a Mercury fragment. 
Seymore returned without Geralty or Fred and invited Sarah and Mesa to come with him to the library. When they were all present Seymore announced, “Geralty promised us a little step dance to go with Sarah’s Song and he’s going to teach it to us.” Sarah could see that Geralty was not used to being the star of the group so she went to stand next to him and took his hand. Fred sat on the round oak table and Seymore and Mesa prepared to watch and learn.
Geralty began, “This is a short, quick step dance with six steps and two finger snaps.  Stamp and then step forward and back with this foot and be sure it meets the floor smartly, snap your fingers then do the same with the other foot and snap your fingers.  Ok, everybody together.” The song fit the dance exactly, but it took four tries for the group to get the dance steps right and in unison and two more to get the stamps and snaps at the right places.  But when they did they danced and danced and laughed and laughed. It was great fun and truly unforgettable.  Imagine a Mercury fragment, and small mental pattern, the administrator of Middle Mind and a sweet earthgirl dancing and singing around a cat on a table. 
When they were finished with dancing and mutual congratulations on their terpsichordian talents, Seymore said, “There just one more part to our little program.  ”He invited everyone to sit at the oak table, put Fred on his lap and turned to Sarah.
He said, “We all thought you might like an opportunity to say whatever you want or ask any questions you might have before you make your fantastic journey.” He paused and looked first at Sarah, then around the table and then down at Fred as he stroked his back and gently held him in place.
 Sarah wasn’t quite sure if she had anything to say or ask and wasn’t prepared. She sat back and then said, “I know how I got here but I don’t understand how any of you got here or where you came from. Can you tell me?” No one said a word.
After an awkward pause, Seymore spoke up and said, “Sarah, we all come from places that are so different from ES360 that it would be hard to explain.  But I can say that we all were charged with some part of the creation that is Seymore Place. In the places where we came from and even this place, there really is no where, they are more like planes of energy forms.  The planes are meaningful and important, but, Sarah, none are as powerful or as rich as The Rim.  All the places, the ones we came from and all the others and certainly this one, are in service to those who create at The Rim.  That service is the entire purpose of the Support System in which we all serve.  ”He stopped unsure of how to continue without saying too much or too little.
 Then it came to him.  “I believe that the nature of The Rim with its incredible creative powers is the main force that propels and returns the brilliant white lights like the one you are going to join for the journey back. We don’t yet know how that is accomplished.  The creators at earth do though not consciously as near as we can tell. Does that make sense to you?” This insight was unexpected and he knew it was part of the puzzle of the creation of the lights. 
Sarah said, “Actually, it does. But I have never ever imagined most of what I saw and experienced since I left my body in my hospital room and flew away from The Rim. I don’t quite see how The Rim could be more creative than the magic I have seen here.”
Then Seymore surprised himself again when he said, “With few exceptions everything that is at ES360 originated in the rich and fertile fields of energy that compose your earth; it is the only source of true originality. Some skills and concepts have been translated from The Rim, blended and condensed at other planes and platforms such as this one, but they sprung from the astonishing invention and inspiration that can only be found at The Rim where you live and create. You are one of the creators and have abilities and gifts that are our constant inspiration.”
Sarah didn’t know if she got an answer to her question or not, but she certainly got more than she expected and she decided to be happy with that.  After a short interval she looked up and around the table at her wonderful companions and said, “I love you all very much and I know it is because of you that I am safe and can make my way back home. It is hard to accept that to be safe at home I have to leave you.”  She looked at her companions with deep affection through watery eyes.  “I’m ready now, are you?”
They all stood up together and looked around again as they knew this would be the last time they would be together. Seymore was holding Fred close to his chest and Sarah reached up and kissed one of his ears and stroked his lovely fur.  His eyes were wide and it was obvious that he knew something important was about to happen.
Seymore gave the instructions for the last steps in the departure design, “Sarah, you and I and Fred are going to go to the door that leads to the arched walkway and Geralty and Mesa are going to watch from the big window in the office. I’m going to hold Fred so he can’t follow you; we are all sure he will want to. You can go to the light at your own pace. Is there anything else you would like for us to do?” She said no, there wasn’t, and turned to leave through door to the study and turned back for one last look.  Geralty and Mesa gave her deep bows of respect and turned toward the office as she went on into the study with Fred and Seymore close behind.
She stood aside so Seymore could open the door, ran her hand down Fred’s long tail, smiled at Seymore who told her, “Remember: You’ll always know that you are loved.” He smiled and she walked through the door and started down the arched walkway.
Instantly long thick arms of light reached down the path and guided her ever so gently into the center of the light and she was gone.

Chapter 10
Making Adjustments

Sarah landed in the stairwell where she had first left with the light.  She wasn’t the same person she was on that first light voyage; she did, however, now have a much better idea of who she was though how that enlightenment came about was fuzzy.  She was still outside her body and not sure if she could still think herself around the hospital but she still had the unusual sensation of euphoric wellbeing. It was best, she decided, to go back to her hospital room.  Her thought, fortunately, propelled her there and when she arrived she knew that many things had happened in her absence as her physical body wasn’t there.
 No one was there in the clean, empty room. No hint that she had ever been there.  No clue as to where she might be or why she had been moved. She mentally moved herself to the hall near the nurses’ station and hoped that something would provide a morsel of information that would help find her body.  She put up a big mental block to the idea that she might have died.
She just hung around the busy corridor watching the nurses come and go and feeling anxious. She began to think about the light and questioned why it didn’t return her to her body instead of the stairwell and then she realized that the dazzling light needed to return to where it started and it may not have any idea where her body was either.
Anyway, it didn’t really matter. Then she thought that she might have been in Intensive Care when she had first left her body and she must have been moved to a regular room.
No memory seemed certain but it was a good thought and much better than anything she had divined so far.  She wondered why she was having a hard time remembering.
But where would they take her exactly?  She knew that she was in the stairwell at the maternity floor when the white light first captured her so no sense in going back there; or maybe there was. Would they take her there because she was pregnant or was that floor just for babies and deliveries? She decided that maybe that was the place to start her search. 
 Back in the stairwell she thought herself into the hall and began to methodically move slowly past each door to see if she could find herself in one of the rooms. Most doors were open but she discovered that she could easily enter the ones with closed doors so she just kept going in hopes that she was on the right track. 
After checking every room, even the empty ones, disappointment set in and she came to rest on an empty bench to rethink and possibly consider the unthinkable. It was a big hospital and she could be anywhere, she told herself, so there was no sense in giving up at this early stage.  She continued to feel anxious and then had a new thought. 
Maybe she should try to find her doctor and stick with him until he visited her room. But where would he be?
Maybe there was something obvious that she was missing.  Could she have come out of her coma and actually left the hospital? The part of her that was drifting free in the hospital was a part of herself and it should be able to find the rest of her.  It was doubtful that she could come out of the coma when a great part of her was still wandering in the hall. Maybe if she just thought, “Take me back to my body”; and sure enough it worked.  She was in the room where the rest of her was. What a relief. She felt all the anxiety ebb away and she studied her body hoping to get some idea of her physical condition.
She was hooked up to machines by several different wires,  there was a tube for oxygen, an IV bag of some kind of liquid and her head was tightly bandaged like it had been before she left.  She looked very pale and her eyes were lightly closed and sunk deep into her head.  She was pale and very still with only her breathing gently rising and falling in her chest.  The room was clean and everything was neatly arranged.  There was a small bouquet of garden flowers and a dish of peppermint candy on the side table and nothing else. Nothing in the room would tell anyone who she was except for the name on her wrist band. 
Sarah knew that she needed to be back in her body and begin to help with the job of getting well and growing her baby.  That knowledge moved her to slide her wandering self in with the rest of her. There was only a hint of pain now, and her body felt good; a powerful and reassuring sense of belonging took hold and she knew that she could nurture her body and the baby into wellness. It would take time, but she was confident.
Enveloped in her coma body and unseen or appreciated by anyone else, Sarah was aware of everything around her and was awake and asleep as if she was normal. She wished for music but that’s all she could do. Her mainstay was dreaming. In her dreams she was nearly as mobile as the white light traveler had been and enjoyed a rich and lively variety of experiences. She dreamed often of ES360 and the beautiful black and white cat. When she was not actually asleep she remembered little of her slumbering life but bits and pieces did filter through and she could entertain herself for hours trying to ferret out details of her Seymore Place friends from her dreams. And one of those periods of mining her dream life brought an added bonus. She smiled. Her whole face changed and as always she looked much prettier smiling.
 As good luck would have it, her doctor saw her smile and took her hand and kissed it. He was overjoyed. After nearly 2 months in coma he saw the first indication that she was responding.  Though he was not sure what brought about the smile, he knew it was a good turn in her situation and it buoyed his hopes.
 He watched for another fifteen minutes or so but there was no other gesture or movement. So he left to call and tell her brother to say that Sarah appeared to be improving.
---------------------------
Seymore, though appearing in Sarah’s dreams, had no knowledge of that visitation.  He was still caught in the sense of loss from her departure.  When Seymore saw Sarah instantly disappear in the light as it sped away, he couldn’t move for several minutes. It was hard for his whole self to accept the fact that she was gone for good.  There was nothing that could change that and the finality was hurtful and sad.
He still held the cat and Fred also seemed upset and simply stared out the door window at the dome and hung limply over Seymore’s arm. Seymore lovingly stroked his head and murmured words of consolations as much for himself as for the cat.
 He turned toward the library, still carrying Fred, and went across to the office to find Geralty sobbing in Mesa’s arms.  Mesa, now in the guise of a kindly grandmother, didn’t look up or acknowledge him. Seymore sat on the magical bench and put Fred down beside him.  He simply waited, having no idea what to say or do.  Presently, Geralty looked up and gave Seymore a look that was heart breaking. 
Where to begin to pick up the pieces?  Seymore had to find a way.  Finally he leaned forward and put his arms and clasped hands on the beautiful table and said, “This is hard and it may be difficult for a while, but we have as much to be happy about as we do to mourn.  Sarah’s home and the dome gathered and returned a light force. It is amazing that we were able to do that and I’m not totally sure how we did it; but we did.  We all love Sarah and to honor her we must be sure to build on our achievement and I think we should start soon.”
“I, for one, am going to begin to gather up and organize all the details and information we have about the brilliant white light so we can review it and be sure that the next light is managed in a way that is both understood and effective. I will need lots of help to get it right.  ”His audience didn’t respond and remained still and deeply unhappy.
After a short interval he elaborated, “So, Mesa, I want you to use your incredible skills to completely review the whole of Seymore Place and, as you suggested earlier, begin the process of making it permanent. And Geralty, I will need a protégé, an assistant, who can learn and review my findings on our results as we go along.  You have shown that you have good skills of observation as well as creative potential and a talent for planning.  Your work in creating the celebration for Sarah was perfect and has given us all a wonderful memory that will last forever.  You have a vital role to play because someday I will return to Middle Mind and ES360 will need new and experienced leadership.”
Geralty was totally surprised by Seymore’s endorsement of his abilities and both flattered and frightened at the prospect of ever replacing him as the leader at ES360.
Mesa was glad to know that she could now make Seymore Place more stable and permanent. There would need to be a number of changes before the final establishing of ES360, but it wouldn’t be long now before a very important and valuable new addition to the services for The Rim would be firmly in place. She was delighted.
Mesa, beyond being pleased about the coming permanency of ES360, knew that some less substantial matters had to be handled as well and that it was up to her to see that they were tended to with care. She shifted into her schoolmarm self and with a very serious look began, “Gentlemen, there are some things that I am compelled to pass long to you before we move toward making Seymore Place permanent.  Gradually and sometimes without any of us noticing, sensitive changes have occurred and are occurring that will need to be accommodated in the final version of ES360."
She paused to gather her thoughts and then continued, “As all of us have just experienced emotions that have been running high around Sarah’s departure.  Though not always pleasant they are needed here so that we can understand, empathize and have unwavering consideration for the needs and issues of the light travelers that will be coming our way. While it is unlikely that any of them will evoke the kind of feelings both wonderful and distressing that were revealed in our relationships with Sarah, we do need to have a full range of emotions available.  So as not to surprise you, I wanted you to know that emotions will become part and parcel of Seymore Place.
“We have also all experienced touch and sound; a nice variety of both, don’t you think?” she paused and smiled prettily to a totally unresponsive audience of two.   It was evident that large parts of both Geralty and Seymore were still saying goodbye to Sarah.  She rolled her eyes and went on, “There are other sensations that we need to add and they include smell, intuition, humor, and best of all dreaming.” She stopped because the look on Seymore’s face was one of wide-eyed astonishment. She couldn’t resist.  “What does that look mean, Seymore?”
“Are we going to be humans?  ”His loud guffaw made Geralty giggle and was exasperating for Mesa.  She interjected, “Apparently sarcasm was on the menu of coming as well!” which sent Seymore in to gales of laughter.
 Mesa smiled, shook her head and muttered, “It seems we don’t have to wonder about humor’s arrival any more.” Then she realized that part of Seymore’s hilarity was a nervous response to pent up energy from Sarah leaving.  She then felt more kindly disposed and gave up her frustration in favor of continuing with the possible changes and adjustments that would precede making ES360 permanent. After Seymore’s outburst she decided to pass over mentioning that time was also on the agenda of incoming enhancements.  Just as well because it’s a hard concept even at The Rim.
“According to the original instructions from the Great Psyche, as I recall, we need to make a powerful provision for the light travelers to be met by personalities and information that is both familiar and persuasive to assist them in wanting to return to The Rim, preferably promptly. I don’t have any experience that would be useful in this part of the process. It could be tricky.”
Seymore, now returning to a modicum of order, agreed that he would need to give that part of the process his best consideration. “But,” he said, “I would like to get everything caught up and in good order before taking on something that important. Can we conclude this first review of what is needed and pick up after we have a complete survey?” Mesa said that that was fine with her and Geralty just nodded his agreement as he was apparently in information overload.
 Fred had not stayed around for the discussion of ES360’s future so Seymore went to find him. After a few minutes of calling and searching he was found sitting by the door to the covered walkway, hunkered down with his tail wrapped around him, and his head nearly touching the floor. His sadness was terrible to see.  Seymore went to pick him up, but we wiggled out of his arms and jumped to the floor to return to the spot where Sarah had last stood.  Seymore had no idea how to comfort a despondent cat, so he leaned down and stroked his back and told the cat that it would be OK.  He then went to sit in his big chair to gather his own wits. 
Seymore had nearly dozed off when Fred jumped up into his lap and curled up in a tight ball. Seymore gently put his arms around the troubled animal and they rested and longed for their Sarah.

Chapter 11
Making Rearrangements
 
During Seymore’s nap Fred returned to sit at the spot where Sarah had last stood.  He was facing the door and not moving at all.  Seymore had never seen this kind of response to loss in an animal and was both touched and worried about the cat’s wellbeing.  He didn’t know what do to, but went over and stroked Fred’s head, gave him a softly spoken pep talk and went through to the office. 
As he passed through the library he noticed that Geralty was bent over his journal and notes apparently working on his history of the station and probably making his owns plans and designs for its future; just as he should be. He’d check with him later about what he’d accomplished.
 Mesa was in the office but had returned to being just the magic desk and he sat down to begin his own version of the future of Seymore Place. Looking down the lane out the window he decided that his first undertaking would be to expand the cottage to accommodate what needed to be done and provide for everyone’s comfort for the long term.  He was becoming accustomed to idea of being at the station and thought less about returning to Middle Mind.
 In his mental planning he decided to provide a good space for Geralty and expand his own study into the area facing the alder woods. He would take most of what was now the study and make it into a larger entry for the dome and include a wide hall.  He decided to remove the wall between the present office and the library and make it an extra wide entry with pocket doors and to move the big window that looked out to the dome so that there was a better view into the dome and the expanded walkway and entry.
Mesa remained as her dazzling table so he continued his architectural planning.  He thought that rearranging the cottage was a good place to start working directly with Geralty so he went back to the library and motioned for Geralty to join him at the oak table.  When Geralty was seated, Seymore began, “Geralty, I think we need to make some big changes to the layout of the cottage before we give Mesa the go ahead to make it permanent. I need a bigger study and you will need a space that is to your liking. There needs to be an atrium for the dome that’s attached to the cottage and I think the office near the dome needs more light.  What do you think?”
 “I agree that some expansion is a good idea.  Could we also make a sitting room on the front of the office where Mesa is the lovely desk?  I think that’s a good place for it as there would be a nice view of the meadow.  We could spiff up the grounds around the dome and add some landscaping too. It’s extra work on top of an already big job, but in for a penny in for a pound.  I learned that from Sarah.” He smiled widely and Seymore responded with a soft chuckle.
Seymore had an intuition.  “Geralty, do you know how to draw up plans.  Nothing fancy, just a rough rendering that we can show to Mesa to see if she has any suggestions and to make sure that we don’t overburden her stabilizing techniques.” He smiled at his little joke, which Geralty missed, as Mesa could undoubtedly stabilize anything if she put her mind to it.  Geralty said he could do that and Seymore produced a few large sheets of graph paper.  Geralty’s look of disbelief brought Seymore up short.  He had forgotten that the station was created before Geralty arrived and he had no clue that he was a terraformer.
Seymore quickly reassured Geralty and apologized for catching him by surprise. He realized that he needed to start now to provide Geralty with a full explanation of everything that had happened before his arrival and the nature of the project overall.  He began at Middle Mind and even told him about Psyche’s visit, the Units of Energy and how he adopted Fred.  Geralty sat in rapt attention, still and silent, eyes wide doing his best to take it all in. 
 When he was finished, Seymore asked, “Do you think it’s a good idea to include everything you have just learned in his history of Seymore Place?” Geralty at first looked surprised that Seymore knew about his journal, but then realized that nothing would slip by a personality of many parts such as Seymore.
 He simply nodded and said, “I’ll be glad to include it and I would like for you to read it when it’s done.” And with that he stood and said he had things to do and would see Seymore later.  He reached out his hand and Seymore gladly shook it. The pact was made. Geralty had a position and Seymore had a protégé.
 Seymore returned to the office where Mesa remained as the lovely desk.  Seymore wondered if she was even present in the table. He waited for a few minutes, called her name and asked a few questions, but no materializing occurred.  He had never known Mesa to leave without saying something. He glanced out the big window toward the dome and its surroundings. He didn’t see Mesa, but he realized that Geralty was right: the field was weedy and unkempt.  He decided to go out to the area and look around to get some ideas about exactly what kind of improvements to make.
 He passed through the library where Geralty was fully engaged in drawing up the plans Seymore had outlined, went out the double doors and around to the field.  Last time he had been here he was with Sarah when they experimented with the misty watchers inside the dome.  He thought about their experiments and decided to retrace their path around the dome’s edge.  As he reached the edge he began slowly walking and savoring the pleasant memory. To his surprise a small blurry clot of light formed to follow him.  He couldn’t believe it.  Sarah’s white light had definitely departed; he saw it with his own eyes. But The Watcher had remained. 
He continued on for a ways and then abruptly turned around and retraced his steps, this time with fast long strides.  The small fuzzy blob didn’t miss a beat. Amazing! 
What did this mean?  Seymore had lots of think about.  He stood still for a moment collecting his thoughts and leaned with his hands on the foundation ledge where Fred had sat the last time he was here. 
He felt something under his hand and he moved it to see what it was. It was Sarah’s small silver ring. His knees nearly buckled. His hand was shaking as he carefully picked up the delicate jewelry, looked at it closely and then enclosed it tightly in his fist.  It was like he had received a treasure, a gift, of great value.
 He looked straight into the dome and then stepped backward a few steps. As he did the foggy eye moved from side to side a few times and then blended back into the atmosphere of the dome as his distance from the edge increased.  That atmosphere must also be a remnant of the great white light, Seymore thought.  But why had it stayed behind? 
His mind overflowed with trying to ferret out what had happened to leave light behind and coupled with the joy of finding Sarah’s ring he completely forgot about beautifying the area around the dome. It would remain a Weedy Field.  What he didn’t know was that as he was walking around the dome, Mesa was on her own dome tour from a completely different perspective.
Mesa had watched Seymore and Fred resting in the big leather chair long enough to know they were both upset and grieving and would probably doze long enough for her to make another trip to the underside of the dome.  She did tell Geralty that she was going and he, without hesitation, said he would take care of everything while she was gone. As she left she smiled and noted that his new confidence was really taking hold. 
For this trip she chose an image that was agile but tougher all around. She morphed into a large, sturdy black crow. Pleased with her new projection, she headed at crow speed to the outer boundary of Seymore Place and over the edge to the underside. What she saw was pretty astounding. There was a large collection of glistening white light clinging to the underside of the dome.  It was much smaller than before Sarah left, but it was still impressive. 
She had to make a choice quickly, either keep going across to the other edge of ES360 or enter the dome as there was no place for a crow to land.  She bravely chose to fly into the light and up into the dome. It was blinding and she couldn’t tell where she was.  She flew around a while in a big circle. The light seemed to have no reaction at all, no motion, no flashing, nothing.  She couldn’t tell where the actual dome structure was and was gradually losing all sense of direction.  She decided she was in over her head and needed to leave.  But how?  She flew a few more loops and then realized that to get out she would have to stop moving and hope that she would drop like a stone.  She knew that the station had its own gravity, but didn’t know if it extended to the light.  She would simply have to stop flying and see what happened.
As soon as she pulled her wings into the sides of her body she began to plummet downward very fast and was out of the light in no time but was ruffled and rattled from the escape.  She carefully extended her tattered wings and gradually began to glide away from the light and toward the rim of Seymore Place. She flapped her wings as best she could, but she had so many broken feathers it was not easy to gain control. Finally she made it to the outer edge and landed.
She had plenty to tell Seymore.  She flew off slow and low to the alder wood where she landed in the small clearing, changed into the lovely woman with wings and made her way to the cottage.
She landed at the double doors just as Seymore was walking back up the pathway from the Weedy Field. Seymore instantly asked her, “Where are you flying in from?” He was smiling, but she sensed he was not his normal self and possibly a little peevish. 
She decided to just state the facts and go from there, “I’ve been to the dome to have a look around.” Seymore looked surprised, smiled and said, “Really?  Me too.”
They both fell silent digesting their parallel news, opened the double doors, greeted the industrious Geralty and went on to the office. They stood together for a few moments looking out the big window at the dome, turned to look at each other and then each took a place at the magic table. Neither spoke nor seemed to know where to begin. 
They were saved from having to continue by Geralty who came in and announced. “I’ve finished the rough draft of the plans and would like for you to go over them.”
Seymore, grateful for the interruption, enthused, “Oh good, I’d like to see them right away.  Mesa, come with us to see the changes in the cottage I’ve outline.”  They all moved into the library and stood around the table as Geralty presented his renderings and gave a summary of the new plans as he pointed to the various elements and expanded on how they would be improvements.  It was an excellent presentation and both Seymore and Mesa spoke their enthusiasm for the results. 
Seymore turned to Mesa and asked, “Is there anything that you would like to add or change and is there anything that might interfere with your stabilization of the station?” 
Mesa sat down at the table with the plans and asked a few questions and concluded, “There were no problems in these plans at all and they are a splendid improvement for now and the long run.” She grinned at Geralty, congratulated him, and nodded her approval to Seymore, who was also pleased.  He added to Mesa’s endorsement, “Thank you for your good and speedy work, Geralty.  You can leave the drawings here and I take them with me when I ready to make the changes and expansions.
Geralty smiled and turned to his makeshift desk among the specimens and Seymore and Mesa returned to the office. As they sat down, Mesa began, “I went to the underside of Seymore Place to see what might have changed now that the great light has departed. I was very surprised to see that a large residual of light remains, fills the dome and extends below and under the edge for a good distance; not like before, but still quite impressive. It is very still and inside it is so brilliant that it is blinding. It was quite a trip.”
Seymore looked her over and said, “You don’t seem any the worse for it.” She laughed and said, “I’m fine, but it will be a while before I can use my crow presentation again.  It took a beating on the way out.” Seymore joined her laughter and replied, “I didn’t know you could be a bird!  ”Mesa just smiled.  Seymore still had a lot to learn about Mercurial beings.
Seymore told her about wanting to check the field for landscaping and his walk around the outer edge of the dome. He frowned and recounted, “The small cloudy eye remains in the dome and it followed me like before.  I don’t know what or who The Watcher is.  Do you have any ideas?  Mesa assured him that to all appearances the inside of the dome was empty of everything except the brilliant light. They both fell silent and thoughtful, looked up and stared at each other.  Seymore finally said, “I have believed for a while that the light is alive and I guess this proves it.”  Mesa added, “We’ll need to think about this as it means that whatever we plan from now on we will want to consider the needs of the dome resident if The Watcher remains.”
Seymore didn’t mention Sarah’s ring.  It was now safely tucked into his pocket and he intended to keep it there until he knew exactly what to do about it. Sarah would no doubt miss it, perhaps she already had, and probably would have no memory of what had happened to it.  He vacillated among his options. Should he tell Mesa and Geralty?  Could he just keep the ring for now and decide later? Should he find a way to get it back to her? He decided to keep the ring and decide later.  His choice was partly selfish he knew, but he liked having the ring in his pocket.  It was comforting.  Maybe he’d show it to Fred who could use some comforting. Fred would keep his secret since he couldn’t talk.

Chapter 12
 Making Room

 There were two things on Seymore’s current agenda, one that he was sure could handle easily and the other was going to require some thinking, research, creativity and probably some personnel.  He opted for doing the easy part first, or at least that’s what he thought was easiest, and went into the library to collect the plans that Geralty had so expertly made for the remodel of the cottage at Seymore Place.
He rolled up the plans and went out the double doors and down to the top of the lane where he could get a good view of the cottage at it was currently configured. Mesa was right behind him, nicely imaged as her knows-everything schoolmarm. She stopped by his side, spotted the plans and said, “Do you want me to project a table or do you want to?” Seymore smiled and bowed and extended his arm in a gesture that said the floor is yours. 
 Mesa rather liked Seymore’s mood and wondered what had brought it about as she deftly produced as sturdy wooden picnic table with two long benches and a large market umbrella. She smiled at Seymore and said, “When we, or rather you, are finished with the remake of the cottage we can incorporate these into the landscaping of the Weedy Field” Seymore agreed and spread the plans over the table top and picked up a few stones to anchor the corners.
He began at the back with the arched walkway that led to the dome and connected to the back of his study. He widened the walkway and expanded it into about half of the study; he made the entrance three times wider and twice as long and added double glass French doors with brass kick plates and hardware.  The new entry for the dome became an atrium that he hoped would be used as a staging area to assist the arriving white light travelers. He took the rest of the study and made a hall that lead from the library entrance which he moved to the center of the specimen wall. Now he could create his study and Geralty’s working area on the far side and they would both have access to the long hall in between. From his he would be able to observe the interior of the atrium.  That done, he sat down to consider his next moves.
Suddenly Fred bounded out of the cottage through the double doors with Geralty right behind him. Seymore had forgotten that the unhappy cat had been sitting near the entrance to the walkway in the study and he must have been shocked to see his environment shift around him. Geralty had been in the library when Seymore moved the door right to where his makeshift desk was and the sudden change had sent all of his work and the journals crashing to the floor not to mention creating chaos on the specimen shelves and sending books flying.
 Both the cat and the young protégé stopped squarely in front of Seymore and Geralty gave him a look of consternation. Fred jumped up on the plans and into Seymore’s arms. Now the poor cat was not only sad but scared.  Geralty said, “Seymore, you’re making a mess of the inside of the cottage.  All the specimens and books are falling off shelves and all the stuff in your study is out in the grass on the far side near the alder woods. Something isn’t working right!” 
Seymore was stunned. He had transformed countless constructs in his work at Middle Mind, in fact, he was famous for it.  He had never disturbed anything or anybody when he did it. He had so easily created the cottage and its environment he just assumed that the remodel would be the same experience. Obviously, he was wrong.  He looked askance at Mesa and she seemed as mystified as he was. 
“Geralty, you hang on to Fred and I’ll go have a look at the damage. There may be a simple solution. I’ll be back as soon as I have some options and then we can figure out where we go from here.” He hastened up the path toward the double doors and entered.  It was quite a sight; and exactly as Geralty had described it.  Nothing seemed broken or seriously damaged, but things were certainly a mess and not much was proceeding in the manner he intended or was accustomed to.  He didn’t know why.
He sat at the round oak table and pondered what kind of options he might have. Maybe he needed to create the new rooms and move what he wanted into them before he rearranged the present configuration. Maybe something had happened to interfere with the usual flexibility of the Units of Energy that composed the station.  Maybe he was wrong to assume that the Units were totally flexible until stabilized.  Maybe some kind of stabilization was occurring that was unknown and unrecognized.  Maybe he had changed and shifted internally and could no longer exercise his formation skills with the ease he had previously. Maybe he’d better talk this over with Mesa. 
 He returned to the shady picnic table and his companions where he sat, leaned on his forearms and crossed his hands on the plans.  He recited the list of options that might offer some way to proceed without wrecking more havoc on the cottage. He turned to Mesa and asked, “Which do you think is most likely the case here, Mesa?”
 She was unsure, but as she listened to Seymore’s description of the mess in and around the cottage she suddenly had the same feelings she had when she escaped from the dome and found her crow self rumpled and shaken as she flew for the edge of Seymore Place. She paused and then said, “I think it is possible that the arrival of the great white light that brought Sarah has something to do with the cottage losing flexibility. I think the dome has been stabilized by the Units of Creation that were used at The Rim to form the light.
In order to execute on their purpose they would have to be stabilized otherwise the light would blend back into the environment.  To the units that originated at The Rim the units that compose your creations are probably quite similar so the stabilization spread out into the light’s new environment. It is probably a natural process that’s not reversible.  I would venture that it has never happened before and this may be the first time that the two versions of the Units have met. The light has probably totally integrated and stabilized the dome and we probably won’t be able to change it so it’s really good that you did such a fine job in the original creation.
“As for the rest of the construct, it seems that your skills are strong enough to make the changes, but to prevent making a further mess of it you’ll need to work in small chunks rather than whole areas, I think.  If you like, I’ll transpose the furniture, all the small movable stuff and my magic desk out of the way and you can then move walls and make doors and windows in an order that makes for the least amount of shifting at any one time.  How does that sound?”
Seymore was grateful for Mesa’s educated guess about what had happened under their noses and again impressed by her knowledge of the ways and abilities of the Units of Energy.  He understood why Psyche knew for sure that she would be a great asset to him. He needed to find a time to ask Mesa how it was that she is so versed in the Units of Energy.  But not right now.
Seymore gratefully said, “I am always glad for your help, Mesa.  And, Geralty, you keep track of Fred while we do this and watch from a ways away because we’re not sure exactly what’s going to happen. Keep a good eye though and we’ll answer your questions as best we can when the cottage is finished.  ”He stopped and Geralty looked frightened, so he more cheerfully added. “There’s going to be a private space for you and you might want to give some consideration to the things you’d like to have added to it. 
“I’m going to put the room on the back of the library and it will have windows that look out to both the meadow and the alder woods.  There’ll be an entrance onto the hall and my study will be right across from your space.” Geralty smiled and carefully suppressed his excitement at the idea of having space of his own as he walked a ways down the lane holding Fred close so he’d be safe.
 Mesa and Seymore went up the path and entered through the double doors.  Mesa laughed out loud when she saw all the stuff that had fallen off the shelves in the library and then let out a gale of laughter when she saw that the study furnishings were either scrunched into a very narrow space or pushed out onto the grass on the outside of the cottage. When she returned to the library, still grinning and enjoying the wreckage that Seymore had created, she sat down and presented her best suggestion.
 “Seymore, I’m going to move everything, including my magic table, out of the cottage and down onto the top part of the meadow.  That will be far enough from the dome that the stabilizing influences it is seems to be putting off will be at least limited and probably beyond its current reach; though I suspect that its influence is growing all the time.  When everything is out, I’ll get Geralty and we’ll be sure that is in order and in good shape to be put back after you’re through.  I think I’ll give Geralty a few opportunities to have what he wants in his space.  It’s time he began to learn the full extent of his natural abilities.  ”Seymore appreciated her vision for Geralty and watched as she began to move items quickly and easily out of the cottage and into the meadow.
 Geralty was delighted to see all the household items spring up like exotic plants in the field and took Fred further down the lane to get a better look.  There was a huge array of items and Mesa, now dress as a farmer, said, “Looks like we have our work cut out for us.  You and I are going to bring order to this collection of stuff and sort it so that refurnishing the cottage will be easy. And, since you need all kinds of things for your own new space, I thought I would help you learn something about forming and reforming.” Geralty was so excited he jumped up and down and nearly lost his hold on Fred who wrenched himself loose and ran back to the picnic table.  Geralty turned to survey the cottage contents and grinned his anticipation. 
Mesa asked, “Geralty, tell me how you know to change your image, or do you just automatically respond to things around you?  It’s OK if that’s what you do.  I just need to know so that I’m sure where to begin helping you to do more.  My guess is that in the future you are going to be called on to help Seymore with projecting. And it’s a good set of talents that will always be useful.  So, start by telling me about how you reversed the image of the damaged elf to your usual image.”
After a thoughtful pause, Geralty turned to Mesa and said, “I’m not sure.  I didn’t know that I could shift or even that I had any kind of imaging abilities at all before I got here. I knew that I was very good at patterns, but that’s easy for every information scrap.  It wasn’t until we got here and you told me what you needed that I was able to image the young boy.  It wasn’t hard and it didn’t hurt and my information pattern self was not changed in any way and it still hasn’t. I don’t know where the image came from. I figured it was just a spare that you didn’t want wandering around unattached.”
 Mesa smiled as Geralty’s version of the earlier events when he first arrived at ES360. His simple and innocent account brought her back to her own basic intelligence and she knew that for Geralty, herself and Seymore – even Fred – the plain no nonsense approach would be the best, fastest and most certain means of generating the best result. 
She was so glad that she had selected Geralty for the job he now had made his own.
 “Before you arrived,” she said. “Seymore, who also arrived here without an image, had assumed the appearance of the man you know but when uncertain or distressed he used the image of the man’s young son. At that time everything here was expanding, changing and wobbly and he kept moving between man and boy.  Before creating Seymore Place he didn’t change his image and, while he is a champion at forming environments, he had kept the same personal image at Middle Mind from his last tour at The Rim.  When he started this station he had nearly forgotten how to shift his image. At the time it seemed best to find a home for the young boy image, but only Seymore and I were here, so I went and got you.  I am so pleased with my choice to bring you here as it is working out perfectly, don’t you think?”  She looked at her young find and smiled with the warmth that comes from shared success and genuine affection.
 “So, if I said that what I wanted was to expand and refine the talent that made your imaging so good, would you agree?” Geralty said that he would and recalled for Mesa the day that he had returned from the misadventure in the dome and how her urging and care had been what inspired him to regroup as the young boy.  He went on, “Seymore’s wishes are a means for me to reform as well.  It was his intentions that enabled the super hero that became the flying elf that was treated so badly by the brilliant light.  So, I think I make my images based on what is urgently or sincerely needed at the time.  I guess it just makes sense that as an information pattern I respond best and most effectively to worthwhile instructions.  ”He looked at Mesa to see if she understood what he said. She fell silent for a few moments. 
Mesa was quite surprised as the depth of Geralty’s understanding of the impetus for his abilities. And she saw immediately that his empathy was exceedingly well suited to serve in meeting the needs of the incoming light travelers. She made a mental note to be sure to tell Seymore about the potential in Geralty to meet some of his needs in assisting the great lights.  Then she turned to the business of making sense of the cottage contents.
She motioned for Geralty to come with her to the edge of the collected cottage stuff. She thought out loud, “I think we can separate out everything that goes into the library, especially the specimens, and then the office furnishings. Seymore’s study is all over the place and some of it may be damaged, so let leave that for last.  Fortunately, we have the whole meadow to work with.  So let’s get going.”
 She turned to Geralty and began his instructions, “To move an item from place to place you need to see the object clearly, know exactly where you want it to go and then visualize it being there.  With your talent, this will probably happen the first time, so I think you should start with something small.  A butterfly specimen will do.  Are you ready?” 
Geralty wasn’t sure.  Mesa saw his uncertainty immediately and added to her instructions, “Geralty, the main ingredient in initiating your ability to move anything is confidence and the second is commitment. You will need to know for sure that you can do it and then know, without a doubt, what it is your want to do.”  She waited for that to sink in and continued, “That’s actually a universal process that is used everywhere all the time and you do it too and always have.  But this time you’re going to expand and use it with thoughtful intent.  I have every confidence you can do it.  ”She took him by the shoulder and marched him over to the butterfly specimens, selected a small yellow one, and looked over his shoulder as he began.
In a flash the small winged specimen was flung down the meadow toward the sea. Mesa began to laugh and said, “Is that what you were committed to, Geralty? If it was, you were very successful, if not, I’ll get the butterfly for you and you can try again.” Geralty was holding his face in his hands and shaking with laughter. He eventually was able to say, “No, I just wanted to specimen to move and forgot about the where part. Let me try to get it back.  ”He looked down the meadow and visualized the butterfly placed a few feet in front of him, and that’s exactly what happened.  His self-satisfied grin was wide and full of pride.
“Well done! Now, I’m going to go sort out all the books and put them in order and I want you to gather all the butterfly specimens in this nice box.” Upon saying so the box appeared at Geralty’s feet and he picked it up and began moving the delicate butterflies into it.  It was easy and soon became fun.
 Soon the pair of movers had most of the sorting finished and the only remaining items were from Seymore’s study. Mesa didn’t know what kinds of changes Seymore might want in his personal effects so she opted to continue teaching Geralty by showing him how to cast objects. 
He had done a good job of sorting all the specimens and they were carefully protected in the boxes that Mesa had produced as he needed them.  She now asked him to come with her up to the picnic table. Fred had kept his distance from the action on the meadow but jumped down from his perch under the umbrella to meet them as they came up the lane. They all found a place at the table and Mesa began the object lesson for Geralty.
“Creating an object is not a lot different from personal imaging.  The key is to create the separation before you begin. Separation is created by knowing for sure what is you and what is not you.  Separation is also a universal process and is essential to constructs of every sort regardless of size, location or materials.  When you make an image for yourself you are attracting something toward yourself.  When you create an object you are separating an image away from yourself. The only tricky part is integrating separation with the confidence/commitment function. At its simplest, the steps are:  desire, confidence, separation and commitment.
 “You’ll need to practice for a while before you take on something as big as a chair or any large item for your space.  You are going to want some papers and pens and other small tools to help you in your work, so I suggest you start there.  Let’s see if you can project a sheet of paper about the size of my hand.  ”Geralty didn’t move and presently a small piece of paper appeared on top of the plans. Geralty was nearly beside himself with a powerful sense of accomplishment; and Mesa was delighted with his ability to listen and learn. 
 Mesa stood up from the long picnic bench, stroked the cat and told Geralty, “Great! I’m going to go check on Seymore. I can see from here that he’s made progress on his redo. You keep practicing and I’ll be back.”
At the cottage entry the double doors stood open and the window boxes were detached and set away from the windows. She went into the library through the open doors and looked around. There was a new wall for the specimens and an extra wide pocket door in the middle.  She slid the door open and found a hallway next to the glassed in atrium that appeared complete and on her right there was another double wide pocket door that led into Seymore’s new study.  She went into the new room and marveled at how welcoming it was.  Seymore had obviously spent a good deal of his effort on its creation. There was a new desk and leather office chair, some very attractive art featuring portraits of people she didn’t recognize and the walls had wainscoting of a polished dark wood.  The plastered walls and ceiling were a pale blue grey and the room was banded by picture molding.  There was a large window that looked out toward the alder woods and another that looked out on a small pond.
The pond was new and was about the same size as the cottage with a large weeping willow tree, several park benches, a stand of reeds and some water lilies.  There was a small rowboat tied up to a short wooden dock and on the far side there was an old boat house. Seymore was sitting on one of the benches looking back at the cottage apparently assessing his progress. She returned to her usual winged girl image, flew out the open window and landed on the bench next to the contractor. 
He turned to Mesa, smiled and said, “I am taking it slow as you suggested and it is complicated because every time I do something the results are stabilized, presumably by the white light units. It is a powerful force and it takes some doing to overcome its impact so I’ve been trying to get everything right the first time. It’s easier now that I am finished with the interiors of my study, and I think that Geralty’s space will be simple enough.  Fortunately, there’s not much to be changed in the library, except I think I’m going to put a large bay windows in both the library and on the front of the old office.  How does that sound?” 
 Mesa said she agreed that the study looked complete and very handsome and that she liked his bay window idea.  She added, “Geralty is doing well with moving and creating objects and we have everything but the old furnishing from your study ready to return to the cottage when you’re ready. Some of your study furniture is lightly damaged, which we can repair, but I’d rather you chose what you want to keep before we do any maintenance. And may I suggest that what you don’t want to keep you give to Geralty for his space. He admires you so and I’m sure would love to have some small token as a gift. What do you think?”
Seymore stood and said, “Mesa, why don’t you come with me to the other side of the study and we’ll look over the area for Geralty’s space. It’s what I was thinking about when you arrived. You’ll know better what should be created for him. There’ll be something left over for him, but he may want is own creations.”
In the area in front of Seymore’s new study on the side nearest the alder woods, Seymore materialized another park bench and asked Mesa to join him to sit and think about Geralty’s needs. Mesa said, “I think he will need more space than we might have earlier thought and he’ll put it to good use.  ”She paused and watched Seymore as he considered what to do for Geralty’s new space.  She took the moment to add, “He has shown me that he is very sensitive to the needs and desires of others and will, I am almost certain, be perfect support for the greeters for the white light travelers.” Mesa couldn’t tell if Seymore heard her or not.
Seymore stood and instantly created the foundation, floor, walls, windows, ceiling and thatched the roof of Geralty’s space. It blended perfectly with the rest of the cottage. He turned to Mesa and said, “I’m pleased to know that Geralty can be helpful with the travelers. But I think his next step is to finish his space just the way he wants it.” They moved inside of Geralty’s space through the door that faced the woods and Seymore made another double sliding door that opened onto the wide hall between the new space and the study.  They went into the hall which led down to the atrium and then went into the library.  Seymore looked at Mesa and said, “This is going to be the hardest part. While I put in the windows and extend the old office will you send the daybed and the leather chair up to the new study?
“As soon as I have the last of the expansion finished, I want to check everything quickly as the stabilization starts to take hold very fast.  I have an intuition that we need to complete the remake of the cottage quickly.  ”With that Mesa sped away, found Geralty and told him that she was going to start moving things back to the cottage starting with the study.  “When we’re through moving things into the cottage you can use the new door on the alder woods side to see your new space.  You can take anything you’ve created, especially any notes or designs he had for furnishings. When you’ve had a chance to make some final choices, come and get me and we’ll do the projecting together so we get it right the first time.  ”Geralty seemed to instantly grasp that things needed to be handled promptly.
Mesa first sent the oval hand-knotted carpet then the daybed and everything on it to the study followed by the big chair and its ottoman. She also sent along the beautiful plate and the wood carvings; and sent the small table to the atrium.  She dematerialized the remainder of the study’s bits and pieces by casting them back to the atmosphere.  Then she and Geralty finished sending all the books and specimens to the library so they could be ordered on the shelves. After that she released Geralty to tend to his own desires for his new space.  Things were moving along nicely.  She spent a few moments cleaning up the meadow and sending scraps back to the atmosphere.
She could see Geralty in his window that faced the meadow. She look around the immediate area to make sure that she knew what was left and where it was, flew up to the entry and went in. The library was completely transformed with the new Bay Window, new wider shelves and sparkling glass doors on all the specimen cupboards. She immediately set about doing her best to put everything in order in the new specimen display shelves.  Moving the books to their rightful shelf was quick and easy and when she was finished she set the beautiful oak table and chairs in the center of the room; the lovely statue and art folios were put on top.  She placed the game table and the gimbaled globe to sit in front of the new windows.  She had no plans for information about the new bay window treatments or any other additions so she went to look for Seymore.
He was in his study moving all her transfers into positions that suited his purposes and turned to look at Mesa for approval.  She nodded agreeably and said, “Are you finished Seymore?” He sat down on the daybed and nodded saying, “Yes, I’ve finished and I hope I got everything right because things are tightening up very fast. I added a turret on to the front of the old office for your magic table and I moved the big window so we can see both the interior of the atrium and into the dome.  ”He stood and rearranged the pillows on the day bed and made a new bookcase to sit next to the window that looked out over the pond.  He checked his work and asked, “Is Geralty ready to finish his space?  It’s still easy to work on that side, but I think we should give him some help so he doesn’t have to do anything over.” 
They both turned to go through to Geralty’s area of the cottage and found him in a room packed with furniture, pictures, a bed and far too much of everything. Seymore smiled and gently chided him, “I see you have become proficient at object making.  ”Mesa just rolled her eyes and went across the room, stood next to Geralty and said, “I want you to tell me exactly what you want to keep from this collection of nice tries and I’m sorry I didn’t show you how to send stuff back.” Geralty pointed to the child’s desk and its chair, the low table with uneven legs, a casual chair with only three legs and a bookcase that had no shelves.  His early tries at furnishings were quickly removed with Mesa’s expertise. She helped Geralty arrange what was left and when they were finished they like the results.  It was a clean, neat room with places for work and rest and had a pleasant view on two sides. Mesa impulsively added two canvas valances over the windows and some pull down shades.
Seymore had watched from the doorway and was also pleased with the new room for his young assistant.  He said to them both, “I have something I want to talk to you about. Let’s go to the old office and have our meeting at Mesa’s magic table.”
They went to the office down the hall past the atrium and Seymore noticed the table from his refurbished study was inside. He turned to Geralty and said, “That table in the atrium doesn’t work in my new study, would you like to have it?” Geralty said he would and Mesa immediately transported it to Geralty’s new space.  He thanked Seymore for his generosity and Mesa for transporting it.  His feet hardly touched the ground as he continued through the library.
They continued on and in the newly rearranged office Mesa recreated her beautiful magic table with three magic chairs in the new turret room. They all sat down to hear what Seymore had on his mind.
Seymore asked, “Is there anything else that needs to be added or taken away from the cottage? If there is, let’s take care of it now so that we can move ahead with the next part of our project. I think we should each walk through the cottage and around the outside to make sure that we didn’t miss anything. I know we still have the landscaping to do around the outside of the dome, but I think we can do that later as it is all new creation and doesn’t require removing anything except the weeds.” They each went in separate directions and reviewed the whole area.  Seymore found that the flower boxes were not reinstalled so he did that and made flower boxes for the new windows as well. He checked the thatching and reinforced it in several spots. He added a pathway of stone pavers from the back door of his study that led to the pond.  Then he added a small porch to the back door nearest to Geralty’s space and a longer and wider porch for the door that lead out of his study and faced the pond.  Geralty and Mesa made a few adjustments in the library and in the new space that belonged to Geralty and after walking around the outside of the cottage and inspecting the new pond they returned to the office to wait for Seymore who arrived shortly with Fred in his arms.
Seymore said, “I didn’t find any problems that couldn’t be fixed right away, did you?” Everyone agreed that all was in order as far as they could tell.
 Then Seymore began, “The next part of the project is to create a process for greeting and supporting the light travelers with kindness and helping them to choose to return home. I have a few ideas on how to do this, but I need to visit Middle Mind and see if there is a way that we can have access to the residue that results from the transitions.
“Most everything that transitioners relinquish returns to the general atmosphere and can be accessed by anyone.  I’m hoping that the images that are left can be accessed in some way. It could prove to be a gold mine for creating scenarios that will facilitate the travelers.  Valentino will be able to tell me everything I need to know, he is genius with complex situations. So I would like for you, Mesa, to either stabilize the station completely yourself or watch and test as the units of the light in the dome complete what they have already started.  And Geralty, I want you to continue to study and experiment with Mesa so that your skills can be utilized when we know how to assist white light travelers when they arrive.  I’m hoping that it will be a while before lights start arriving because we are still not ready.” Seymore looked at his two companions and continued, “I’ll not be long at Middle Mind, but if anything happens, Mesa, send a Mercury Messenger to let me know and I’ll come back right away.”
He handed Fred to Geralty, waved as he left the turret room, went to the library to access his transport disc and was gone.
 
Chapter 13
Making Connections

 Seymore arrived at his office at Middle Mind and went immediately to find his brother, Valentino. He was anxious to see him about a number of things. But mostly he wanted a chance to just sit and talk to him about all that he had created and experienced at Seymore Place. Later he would get his best opinion about how to use the rejected images of those transitioning at Middle Mind as greeters for the light travelers.  He also wanted to know how Middle Mind was doing and he hoped the visit would also provide him with a respite and chance to gather his thoughts. 
He went through the door to Valentino’s office and found his brother pouring over the details of the activity report.  He looked up and his eyes lit up with delight. He rose and generously embraced his brother.  They were both thrilled to be together again.  They took seats at the desk and just looked at each other for a few moments with deep affection and unvarnished pleasure.
 Then Valentino asked, “What brings you back to Middle Mind?  Are you finished with your project already?” Seymore smiled and shook his head saying, “I’m not finished with the new creation yet.  I’m just taking a small break and hoping for a chance to come back and catch up with things here.  ”He also had ulterior motives but didn’t say what they were. 
 Seymore decided to first find out what was new at Middle Mind as things were always interesting and sometimes exciting at this busy terminal.  He asked Valentino if there were any new and especially interesting transitions.
Valentino looked up and grinned, “You never could resist a good transition and we have had some doozies while you’ve been away.  The most unusual was a Sultan from the Middle East who was certain that he would never leave The Rim.  He was sure he was immortal and we did everything to convince him that indeed he was but not quite in the way he thought. We’re sure that he is not yet fully cognizant of his new circumstances, but he is no longer angry at being removed from his domain and has transitioned to a small harem where he lives in luxury. We’ll be providing new incentives to help him to finally realize the full scope of his opportunities, though I think we can both appreciate that living in a harem is hard to beat.
 “Then we had a rash of refusers.  They all had a hard time accepting that they were no longer fully resident at The Rim or that they had separated from their physical creation or both. After they gave up their resistance nearly all of them made smooth transitions on their own with very little coaching once the true nature of their situation dawned on them.  But we still have one that wanders a country road looking for his girlfriend and mutters incomprehensibly about not being able to do something.  We don’t know what. We think we are going to have to send one of the assistants to bring him through to transition.  We hardly ever have to do that; I can’t remember the last time.  This fellow is deeply troubled though and we don’t want to leave him much longer or he may become an established wanderer and that makes the job of moving him much more complex.” He looked at Seymore after he finished his exotics update and smiled.  “Anything sound especially interesting to you?”
“Actually,” Seymore said, “the man on the road is very interesting to me.  What’s his name, do you know?” Valentino said he didn’t know, though they had tried to find out by tuning into his memory.
Seymore looked at his brother and thought: could this be Sarah’s boyfriend? He went over his own memory of what Sarah had told him about her David and couldn’t come up with much. But he decided to ask about the few things he did know.
“Do you know about how old this wanderer is?  How did he terminate physically? Does he mention any friends or family?” Valentino was now intrigued as to why Seymore was so interested in this wayward soul. He said, “He seems to be about 24 or 25 and the best we can figure out is that he was in a bad vehicle accident at the place where he wanders. We don’t know anything else except that he’s been there for a while, is fixated on a very small stretch of road and is very stubborn.”
 Before Valentino could ask him why he was so interested, Seymore asked, “Do you have a description of the area where he is fixated?” Valentino said that he was wandering along a wide curve in a wooded area of a road that’s fairly well traveled over two lanes, and he stops at the bend and looks over the edge down toward a creek at the bottom of a ravine. His sadness is heart wrenching and is, of course, what is keeping him there. We haven’t been able to piece his story together because he is in such anguish.” Seymore was now quite sure that it was David.
 Valentino again started to ask Seymore why he was fascinated by this small case, but Seymore quickly began to tell him the story of Sarah and her travels via white light to the dome and her importance to Seymore’s new creation. He left out his own affection for Sarah, and he wasn’t quite sure why.  When Valentino was up to date on the connection between Sarah and David, he asked Seymore, “What do you want to do?” 
Seymore wasn’t sure.  He reached in his pocket and fondled the small silver ring he had found where Sarah left it on the dome’s ledge.  It was his habit to turn the ring over and over in his pocket since he had found it especially when he was uncertain; it gave him a kind of reassurance. 
Valentino interrupted Seymore’s contemplation and said, “Do you want to go get him?  You know more about him than anyone else and he probably would respond to you if you’re pretty sure that he is connected to your Sarah.  And even if he’s not, you are sure to be successful in getting him past his issues.  ”He paused and then went on, “We can provide you with the means to be in place at The Rim without having and with your persuasion skills you can probably cajole him into returning with you to Middle Mind quickly. What do you think?”
What Seymore thought was that this was not why he was at Middle Mind, far from it.  It would be a tremendous service to Sarah’s David to get him past his deep hurt and in a way, an important way actually, it would be very helpful to Sarah as well.  It wouldn’t be easy, no matter what Valentino thought, to move this stubborn self past his own choices and on to transition.  It was always better to inspire wanderers to play out their themes and naturally move on to new arenas based on fresh and freely made decisions. The wanderers, however, were seen as a special case because they almost always involved some choices that were based on erroneous assumptions by exceedingly stubborn personalities. David seemed to be a nearly perfect candidate for a Middle Mind intervention.
 Seymore looked at his brother with a faint why-not smile and said, “Well, I think I better or I’ll wish I had and I really do want to do the best I can for Sarah.  We’ll see if I can move David to a quick choice to take the next step in his transition to Middle Mind.  I’ll trust you to make the arrangements?”
Valentino gave a short I-knew-it laugh and said that he would put everything in order and let Seymore know when he could proceed.  He asked Seymore if he remembered how to exceed the barrier from The Rim and project a portion of himself to the point of confrontation with the wanderer. Seymore said he did and would be available any time that Valentino’s accommodations were complete.
Seymore returned to his own office and reclined into the big leather chair that was the prototype for the one that he had created in his study at Seymore Place.  He propped his feet on the ottoman, closed his eyes and let his mind wander off to think about Sarah. He wished that there was some way to know how she was doing, but the best he had been able to do was to vaguely recall a few short dream sequences where she had short and seemingly meaningless roles.
 He drifted off, and when Valentino came in and saw that he was sleeping; he left and closed the door without telling him that the patterns were in place for his sojourn to The Rim. The patterns would still be ready when Seymore was rested.
--------------------------------
 Sarah’s life mostly consisted of dreaming or thinking about dreaming and for some long periods she was not aware of her environment at all.  She had concluded that it was best for her baby to be as calm as possible and the baby seemed to respond by growing, kicking, turning and appearing in her dreams. Her doctor and a young woman who, she assumed, was the baby’s doctor, checked her every day, sometimes more than once, and they sometimes lingered to talk about her and her child. She could hear everything they said and was pleased to know that both she and the baby were doing well and not in any danger.  She knew that, but it was good to hear her doctor’s say so.
The last time the doctor’s had discussed her situation they talked about what they would do if she didn’t wake up before the baby was due. They didn’t reach any conclusion, but the prospect of the baby being born with her not consciously participating was troubling to Sarah and she now had something to think about instead of wandering off in dreams.
Over time, the traffic in her room picked up. The staff was very careful to keep Sarah exceedingly clean and to make sure that all her body functions were tended to.  Nurses arrived several times a day to either draw blood, take her blood pressure, which they said was running high, and to turn her from one side to the other and prop up her back with a row of pillows. It felt wonderful to be moved around and even better to let the growing baby rest on something besides her back bone and kidneys.  She imagined that the new aches and pains of pregnancy were good signs that the baby was growing and that she was mending.
 One Sunday her brother always arrived with a book of baby names.  He told Sarah that she needed to wake up so she could pick a name and he was going to help her by reading out the ones he liked. He patiently stayed for several hours each week and read off a long list of names for both boys and girls.  He interjected his preferences and a running commentary on what a name meant and whether it was, or was not, suitable for Sarah’s child.  He hoped Sarah would hear one she liked and let him know. She didn’t.
The nurse who always rubbed her feet when she had time, now put lotion on her belly and talked to Sarah and the baby as she rubbed with vigor to prevent stretch marks and move the big muscles that held the baby in place.  It was grand and the baby kicked and wiggled under the nurse’s busy hands.  Sarah pledged that when she was awake again she would track down this generous caregiver to thank her mightily and do her best to express her gratitude.
Sarah wondered how and when she was going to wake up.  She fervently hoped and prayed that it would be before the baby was born. But she knew from what her baby’s doctor said that even if she did wake up the birth was probably going to be Caesarean because the muscles all over her body were weak.  It was obvious that waking up was just step one in her recovery and wouldn’t help a great deal with the delivery. She reconciled herself to not really participating in the birth of her first child, but was determined and nearly certain that the birth would be a safe one for her baby.
When she looked at her whole situations, the only problem was really that she was not awake to the rest of the world.  She was awake to herself and her health was quite good.  She didn’t believe that it was better to stay in coma. She made it her purpose to do everything necessary to love and protect her child and vowed to wake up in order to do a better job of that.
Presently two of the nurses arrived to turn her to the other side and prop up her back.  Her favorite stayed behind, rubbed her belly and then tweaked her toe, blessed her and left.  After the deep massage, she slept and dreamed of David. It was a very difficult dream as she saw him like he was before the accident when they were happy and in the dream she knew that he was dead.  When she began in her dream to cry, she actually woke for a moment and then slipped back under the influence of coma. As she returned to the coma she saw Seymore’s face, smiling reassuringly.
-------------------- 
When Seymore woke from his nap he didn’t move and luxuriated in the silence of his dimly lit office and the comfort of the big chair that cradled him. For the first time in what he realized was quite a while he was really relaxed and that he had been under much more of a strain than he appreciated.  His mind wandered to think about Mesa and Geralty and knew that, since there had been no message from Mesa, that they were OK. He reached in his pocket and touched the silver ring, and then slowly moved to sit on the ottoman.
It was time to go get David. He was very sure that the wanderer was David and he was ready to affect his migration to Middle Mind.  He stood up, stretched, and walk into Valentino’s office where his brother was bent over a desk fully engaged in the ongoing business of Middle Mind.  He put his hand on his shoulder and said, “I’m ready, are you?”
 Valentino started and then smiled and said, “Everything is prepared and we can go down to the barrier opening as soon as you have your presentation form ready.  We’ll leave the barrier open until you return with or without the wanderer. There’s no limit on how long you can stay, but you know that the longer you are away the less influence you’ll have as Middle Mind stuff deteriorates quickly in the environment at The Rim. It’s best, of course, if you and the wanderer come back together, but be sure that the wanderer doesn’t come ahead of you because the barrier will close as soon as he crosses and then we’ll have to make a new process to get you back, which, of course, we would do.  ”Seymore enjoyed Valentino’s little joke and the thorough review of the conditions and process that would operate while he was at The Rim retrieving Sarah’s David.

Chapter 14
Making Ends Meet

Seymore and Valentino chose to walk the short distance to the Transition Zone entrance. It was pleasant to move along through the beautiful trees and stately buildings arriving at the long familiar transition site was reassuring. Nothing here had changed, it was all so stable.
 They moved through the compound to the far side that abutted the outer reaches of The Rim’s environment and found the place where the David pattern was set up.  The mental communication that had been used earlier to learn more about David was the basis for the channel that would allow Seymore’s projection to slip into The Rim and lead directly to the target wanderer. Seymore automatically resumed his regular image whenever he returned to Middle Mind, so for this occasion he separated out the portion of his persona that had the image of the doctor that he had assumed at ES360. 
Seymore nodded to the two assistants who were manning the barrier breach and when they revealed the opening Seymore leaned through and the breach was propped open for his return, hopefully with David. He simply had to follow the mental pattern to reach David’s location.  He arrived without any problems, took a few steps to anchor himself to the area and he was ready.
He came in about 15 feet down the road from where David was sitting on top of one of the pilings that held the new guard rail in place.  David was staring down the bank at the creek with his elbows on his knees and his face in his hands.  He was motionless and appeared to be in a trance. Seymore quietly approached him and from about three feet away he softly spoke, “David, can you hear me?”
 David didn’t move or make a sound.  Seymore moved to stand right next to where he was sitting and very gently touched his shoulder. David jerked to attention and jumped up and turned to confront Seymore.  He had the eyes of a tired, frightened and deeply troubled soul.  He was so unwell and shabby that Seymore was shocked.  Obviously, he had been here much longer than was recorded at Middle Mind and was undoubtedly a seasoned wanderer.  Seymore’s job was going to be more complicated than he or Valentino had anticipated.
 David shouted, “Who are you? Where’d you come from?” and gritting his teeth waited for an answer. Seymore gently told him that he was sent to help him. David continued his threatening stance and said, “How come I can talk to you.  I can’t talk to anybody else.” Seymore said that was certainly true and that he needed to be in a place where he could talk easily with everyone. 
David said, “What kind of mumbo jumbo answer is that?  Who are you and what do you want?  Tell me now.” Seymore didn’t answer but just observed the array of messages coming off David.  He truly was a stubborn, angry man who was totally confused, lonely, frightened and desperate.  He was pitiful and needed to be out of his situation as quickly as possible. There was no time for gentle persuasion or mental nudging. 
 Thinking fast, Seymore took a risk and said, “David, Sarah sent me.” Something in David reconnected and he stared at Seymore revealing that his anger had been pierced. Then he frowned and said, “How do you know Sarah and where is she?”  Despite David’s effort to stay menacing, something in him released and Seymore had his full attention.
Seymore answered, “Sarah and I recently spent some time together on a project and now she’s busy with a new one.” He hoped that was enough. But David persisted, “What kind of project?” and Seymore’s concise reply was, “Lighting.”
 David looked at him and was very close to pleading as he asked, “Can you take me to her?” and Seymore had to search for the right words to keep from saying no.  After a careful pause he told David that he couldn’t get to where Sarah was from here, but that it was possible for him to see Sarah if he left the roadside.  David appeared frozen and stunned by this news. Seymore simply stood very still and watched to see what would happen.  It was a long wait. 
The stubborn part of David went into deep resistance to what he had just heard and refused to believe that all his efforts to find Sarah here were futile.  He had reason to be skeptical as the information had been carefully parsed.  But he was obsessed with searching for Sarah and this might be the way to finally find her.  The desire for success might overcome being right.
Another portion of David craved relief from his situation and after what must have been a bitter inner battle his desperate need for the relief of possibly finding Sarah won and the resistance melted away.  David was yet to grasp that moving in favor of relief also meant that other vital choices were very close by and once made he would be released from The Rim. Fortunately for David, Seymore knew exactly what was about to happen.
Seymore spoke in a quiet tone that he hoped would be reassuring and said, “We need to leave this place in order for you to get the help you need and make the arrangements for you and Sarah to work things out.  ”He wanted to keep David from realizing that he had begun to fully disengage from his last attachments at The Rim. David was stuck here because he was a master at making and refusing to let go of incorrect assumptions and Seymore didn’t want him to make any more about Sarah or himself.  The connections to The Rim needed to fall away without incident. And they did.
Seymore reached out and grasped David in his arms as the last threads of connections to The Rim slid away and they instantly moved up the mental path to the barrier breach, as they slipped through the props were removed .David was free and safe at Middle Mind.
As Seymore and David arrived through the breach, David began to sob and when they were safe behind the barrier Seymore just held David until he fell into a deep and peaceful sleep.  His transition had already begun.  Seymore released him to the gentle care of the two assistants that had manned the barrier breach. 
 Seymore was glad to have served to collect David from his wanderings but knew that he would need extra help, so he instructed the assistants on his condition.  He told them and Valentino that David had been wandering for a very long time and was nearly spent when he arrived to collect him. “I’m certain that he would have moved to haunting very soon since he didn’t have enough energy left to release himself from The Rim. Rescue was his only hope and fortunately we managed that. He will need constant oversight.
“If he asks for Sarah,” as Seymore knew he would, “Simply say that the arrangements are being made.  I’m going to see what I can do to fulfill David’s deep desire to see Sarah, but I don’t yet know how. I would love to see her myself.” That confession slipped out before he realized it.  But there it was; the truth about his motives.  He looked at Valentino’s accusatory grin and rolled his eyes.
He thanked the assistants and turned to Valentino with a let’s-go gesture and they began the walk back across the transition site toward the beautiful campus. They didn’t talk, but Seymore knew that Valentino was very curious about Sarah.  Seymore twiddled the small silver ring in his pocket and volunteered nothing.
--------------------------
 Despite being foggy minded or lost in dreaming a good deal of the time, Sarah had more and more moments of clear headed thinking and they were devoted to finding a way out of her coma. She found it harder and harder to grasp why, when she was really in pretty good shape and the baby was doing fine, she was unable to return and participate in the world so close around her.  No amount of wishing, hoping, straining or efforting seemed to make any difference to the parts of her that insisted on being comatose.  It was frustrating. 
One thing had changed.  Her dreams were clearer and she could recall great chunks of them now.  So ferreting out dream memories was much more productive, though dreaming that David was dead was disturbing and had set her wondering about all the things she didn’t know about the wreck.  There seemed to be a code of silence among those who talked to and around her as they never mentioned anything about how her condition was created.
 There were a few intimations of small progress that she noticed when she woke up regardless of the time of day or how long she had been asleep.  As she began to wake up there was a powerful urge to push through further and wake up more. Also, she was having dreams where she woke up inside the dream and knew she was dreaming and knew she was comatose at the same time.  It was a kind of ‘tween space that was not quite as awake as she would like to be but lots more awake than she was used to.  Things were shifting, she was sure of that, but she would have preferred faster progress.
She was pondering these small improvements when her brother, Jake, arrived to read out more baby names and convey his opinions on their suitability. Sarah always knew when it was Sunday because of his devotion and felt cared for because he never failed in his efforts to communicate with her. He always started with a rendition of whatever news he had about family, his job, politics and sometimes the latest sports events. Then he would open the book of children’s names and begin his commentary. But today he stopped and leaned on the bed close to Sarah’s head.  He had some things he wanted Sarah to know and that he needed to say.
He began, “Sarah, I know you are in there and sometimes I think you are very close by, but I don’t know how to get you out.  I’m worried because it’s been a long time since the wreck and you were hurt so bad I was afraid we’d lose you. The doctor says that you are actually nearly healed; even your awful head injuries are closed and your hair is growing back.  There’s just one bandage left and I can tell that the deep cut is almost sealed. You are a wonder, everybody here says so.
“And the baby is growing and strong and the pediatrician says you are having a great pregnancy.  More than anything I want you to be here when the baby comes. Please, please come back, Sarah.  Please” 
She heard every word and felt herself choke up.  She really, really wanted to wake up.  And suddenly, even though her eyes were still closed, she knew for sure that she was waking up.  She felt a huge surge of inner energy that was bursting for release.  She didn’t move and waited in joyful anticipation for full wakefulness to arrive.
Her brother sat down and opened the baby name book and started to read and comment on the naming options. He was in the S’s and the next name was Seymore. As soon as he said it, Sarah said, “That’s it!  That’s the name!”
 Jake sat very still, eyes wide staring at her as she turned her head to look at him. She was totally live, awake, aware and smiling.  Jake fainted. 
There was no button to ring for a nurse on Sarah’s bed that she could reach so Jake was stuck where he fell. But, fortunately it was only a few minutes before one of the nurses came in for a routine check on Sarah and found Jake passed out on the floor. She rang and shouted for help. She tried to get him to sit up but he was limp and heavy.  Two young orderlies came running in and quickly found a gurney to take Jake for care. 
The nurse had assumed that he had a health crisis and paid no attention to Sarah until Sarah said, “He’s probably OK.I think he’s in shock because I woke up.”  Awe struck, the nurse stared at Sarah, flashed a brilliant smile, did a little dance and yelled, “I knew you’d come back!”  She ran out to the nurse’s station and got one of the duty doctors to come to check Sarah now that she was awake. He was as happy as the nurse and they began to check Sarah over, asking her to move arms and legs and then gingerly helped her sit up.
Sarah had no idea that moving would be so difficult once she was awake. When the nurse and doctor let go of her after she was sitting up she immediately began to fall back on her pillow.  She could barely muster the strength to lift her arm from the elbow and just turning her head was an effort. 
One of the other nurses had called her regular doctor and the baby’s physician and they arrived at the same time, expressed their wonder and joy and began to question her.  They checked her over again and told her how glad they were that she was back. They smiled and laughed and treated her return like the unexpected arrival of an old friend.  Sarah smiled and thanked them and relished every precious moment of being fully present.
 Her doctor resumed a more professional attitude and told her that she would need a therapy program and they wanted to make new pictures and on and on.  She listened and replied to all their questions, but she was quickly worn out and asked if she could rest for a while. They said that she could but that they preferred she not sleep as that might interrupt the brain’s work in reawakening its normal patterns.  They said a nurse would be with her at all times for the next 24 hours.
She was just about to ask about Jake when he walked into the room smiling from ear to ear.  He put his arms around her and said that he was so happy and loved her and asked how she felt. She just looked at him and said, “Jake, it’s OK now, honest.” They hugged and held each other for a long time and took great comfort in knowing that Sarah was again the real Sarah. No one yet realized that the Sarah the just woke from a coma was in many ways a much different Sarah.
 When things had calmed down Jake asked Sarah, “Do you really want to name your son Seymore? It’s so old fashioned.  ”Sarah laughed and replied, “Probably not, but it is a name I have been trying to remember for a long time. When I was in the coma I had lots of dreams and there is one man who was in almost all of them. When I wasn’t dreaming I could never remember his name, just his face and the cottage where he lived. So I was thrilled when you said his name.  But who knew that would wake me up! Amazing!”
Sarah was getting tired and turned to the nurse and asked when she would be allowed to go to sleep. They nurse didn’t know but went to check. Jake sat down on the stool close to Sarah’s bedside and took her hand and said, “What can I get for you?” Sarah told him that she now had everything she needed. 
 As it turned out she was awake for almost six more hours as they moved her to a gurney and wheeled her from one area to another to get X-rays, tests and the opinions of half dozen specialists. Jake went everywhere with her and asked lots of questions. It was a good thing because she wasn’t sharp at all. 
Finally they returned to her room and transferred her tired body to a freshly made bed and she instantly fell deep asleep. It was real sleep the kind she knew she would wake up from both rested and happy. She again dreamed of Seymore and his pretty house in the country.  It was a dream she never forget.

Chapter 15
 Making Amends

 Back at the Administration Building Seymore and Valentino settled into comfortable chairs in Valentino’s office and each ruminated with their private thoughts for a long time.  Besides his curiosity about Sarah, Valentino was very happy to have his brother’s company but was preparing himself to again say goodbye when Seymore returned to his project.  Seymore’s thoughts moved between wondering about Sarah and his hopes, dreams and plans for Seymore Place.
Seymore broke the long silence by returning to the subject that had brought him back to Middle Mind. “Valentino, is there an easy way to establish a channel from here to the station in order to access all the cached images that have been replaced by those whose transitions are complete?  ”He continued without waiting for an answer, “In order to serve the incoming light travelers we need to generate greeters that can be contrived to relate to the light travelers to meet them in the light dome.  I only want to use the constructs as a framework and I don’t need them permanently.  We could form the images ourselves to fit the circumstances of individual travelers, but having most of the structural work in place would make the job much easier. The images all originated at The Rim, so they probably would adapt right away.”
 Valentino, nodded, looked down at this twiddling thumbs, cracked a smile and said, “Seymore, I’ll be glad for you to access the entire log of replaced images for whatever purpose you need, as long as you tell me why you want to find Sarah; and don’t tell me that you’re just helping poor David.  ”Valentino’s challenging look told Seymore that he would not relent until he had the whole story.  So Seymore told him.
He told him about the ring in his pocket, how and where he found it, that Sarah would miss it and it needed to be returned. He told him that Sarah had played a vital role in helping him move toward meeting the purpose of Seymore Place. And he praised her charm, kindness and bravery through her entire stay and her astonishing means of returning to The Rim.  More than anything else, though, he wanted to be very sure that she had arrived back where she started and was safe, alive and reinvested in her life.
Seymore finished up his explanation, “And, yes, I would like for David to have a chance to reach a good understanding with Sarah. She is, if she made it back to The Rim, going to have his baby, and I’ll bet he knows that. I think it would make his transition faster and more meaningful, don’t you?”
Valentino nodded his agreement and made a mental note to tell David’s transitions assistants about the child. He looked very serious and said, “Seymore, since you love this girl, I’ll do whatever I can to help.  In fact, I might have a lead.  Since she was in a coma, if she is now awake at The Rim, her coma self image will have been shed and returned to an image logs at Middle Mind.  Temporary images or others that are replaced are never transitioned as their creators are still at The Rim. It’s not a part of what we log, but the images can be accessed from here. If you know approximately where she is at The Rim and can make a good guess about where she might have returned to her regular Rim state, we could find the image she shed when she awoke from her coma. We have her whole name and that will help.  Want to have a look?”
Seymore was thrilled.  If there was an image from Sarah’s coma it would mean that she was alive and re-established at The Rim. He refused to think about any other result signified by the absence of an image.  He told Valentino that he definitely wanted to check for the coma image. 
 Valentino turned on the inventory system on his desk top and entered Sarah Wordsworth, her age, the name of the hospital, Western United States, The Rim.  Then they both waited while the search was made.  Sure enough, there it was. Sarah’s face and form filled the screen.  Seymore felt light headed and leaned on the back of Valentino’s chair. She was safe, the relinquished coma image proved it.
 Still staring at the picture of Sarah, Seymore reached down and patted Valentino on the shoulder but he was too moved to speak. This was tremendous; he knew Sarah was safe, that the methods for aiding the lights and their travelers were possible.  While imperfect and incomplete, Seymore Place had absolutely served its purpose and the foundations for its service to The Rim had been laid. Seymore felt himself swell with a powerful sense of purpose.
He went back to where they were sitting and Valentino followed.  Seymore looked deep into Valentino’s eyes and told him what this meant and thanked him over and over.  Seymore collected his thoughts and said, “You know, the assistants could use that image of Sarah to help David, couldn’t they?  It is exactly as she was when she was with David.  It’s really interesting that Sarah maintained her image from before her injuries all through the coma and it is the exact image she had at ES360. She, of course, is different now.” And he silently wondered where she was and what she did or didn’t remember about Seymore Place?
Valentino said, “Yes, this would be just the ticket to help David in his transition and I’ll be sure that it’s redirected to the Zone for relay to the assistants.”  Valentino also offered to redirect the David transition team to fall into his jurisdiction and if Seymore wanted to check on the progresses now and then he would bring him up to date. Seymore said he would.  Valentino was glad because it meant he would hear from his brother more often.
 Seymore knew he needed to return to ES360 and said so.  He made some last arrangements with Valentino to set up a team that would create and means for using the image bank and to transfer what was needed to the station. Seymore said he would check back about both David and the access system, gave Valentino a bear hug and left to take one last look around his office. 
While Seymore was away at Middle Mind, Mesa and Geralty enjoyed a productive routine. Mesa decided to let the light units do the stabilization and she and Geralty tweaked and fiddled until everything was embellished and personalized around the cottage. They made some small changes, tweaked a few spots.  It was like a game; Geralty was young so he learned best from playing and it was Mesa’s favorite way of teaching.  They had a wonderful time together laughing and talking and doing silly things with their Mercurial talents. 
They also wondered about Sarah and despite all the rearranging Fred still sat at the atrium entry closest to the place where she last stood. Occasionally he would venture out to the pond and watch the gold fish, and now and then he would play in the meadow during the image making exercises. 
Geralty couldn’t remember a better time and Mesa was glad for the easy pace so she could check the stabilizing with care and certainty. It was not easy to do since she had to first generate high levels of confidence with the Units of Energy so they would accept her instruction.  Seymore did that automatically; but she was still getting the hang of it.  As more and more Units were set into Seymore’s creation they passed information to others so the more Mesa did the easier it got. And her knowledge about the Units was growing as well. Mesa realized that she was getting help from the Units that came from The Rim with Sarah’s big light and stayed behind in the dome.
 Despite what she knew about Units, she didn’t know how The Rim units were not exactly like the ones that originally composed Seymore Place.  But the difference would begin to show in subtle ways.
 Progress was now very noticeable as the colors were richer and curves and edges more sharply defined and steady. Feeling secure the flowers grew and bloomed. There was an occasional breeze and when it was from just the right direction the sound of waves on the shore drifted up to the cottage. Mesa knew for sure everything was set and it was all very charming and very safe.  She just loved it! The finished platform may have been what attracted the visitors. 
 Mesa and Geralty, who had fetched Fred from his Sarah spot, were sitting at the picnic table under the market umbrella when they first noticed three figures walking toward them from the far end of the lane. Geralty, as usual, asked the obvious, “Who’s that and what do they want?  ”Mesa didn’t reply. She didn’t have an answer.  Geralty repeated his question. Mesa then admitted that she had no idea who they were or what they wanted.  Fred jumped down from the table top and began to walk toward the visitors. Geralty went after him and Mesa sent a small Mercury Messenger to Middle Mind to urge Seymore to return immediately. 
Seymore walked across his office to the desk just as the Mercury Messenger made a sparkling landing on the back of his chair. It was a tiny version of Mesa’s winged girl so he knew immediately where it came from and since he was ready to go he grabbed it and touched his transport.  He landed uneventfully at ES360 without checking the message. 
He arrived at the newly expanded office, noticed a few changes in the décor, glanced at the dome and went into the library, which was in perfect order and nicely improved. He looked out the big bay window to see Geralty running down the lane after Fred toward a small group headed in his direction.
Seymore hurried out the double doors, down the path and found Mesa, whose look of relief was almost tangible. “Oh, Seymore,” she whispered in relief, “I am so glad you got my message and came right away. I didn’t know what else to do but send for you.  ”Seymore smiled and put his arm around her shoulders for reassurance and they both looked down the lane to watch the arrival and the cat chase.  Geralty stopped and turned around before he reached the trio but Fred bounded on.  One of the men bent and extended his hand to Fred who sniffed it and continued on toward the beach at a steady clip. The three men waved toward the residents as one would to greet an old friend.
 Seymore waited a few moments to allow the three men to come closer then he smiled and shook his head. He turned to Mesa and said, “It’s OK, Mesa. These visitors are old acquaintances of mine. They are here to meddle, I’m sure.  And you did exactly the right thing to send for me. I appreciate it very much. ”Seymore headed down the path to meet his guests. Mesa noticeably relaxed and sat down on one of the benches. She wished she had her schoolmarm image instead of the young winged woman, but she didn’t want to change in view of the strangers.
As Geralty arrived back at the picnic table Mesa took his arm and pulled him down beside her on the bench. She quietly said to him behind her hand, “Seymore knows who’s visiting so there’s nothing to worry about, but just sit here quietly for now and don’t change your image at all.” She unfurled her wings and tucked them so that they looked like a pattern on her dress, sat up taller and motioned for Geralty to do the same. They both stared down the lane wondering what would happen next.
Seymore rambled along the lane in no hurry to meet up with his guests, but his mind raced: what were these three doing here? How did they get here? How did they even know about his new station? What were they up to? He made a secret pledge to do everything possible to make sure the visit was short and uneventful. Neither seemed likely.

Chapter 16
Making Waves

 Seymore didn’t have any recollection of these impressive personages being in one place at the same time except after they had left The Rim. However, now they were famous for teaming up for special events and situations that caught their fancy. It was most likely that someone has passed the word to one or all of them about ES360; and they weren’t above having a few informants here and there. It was safe to assume that their association on this occasion was no accident and was motivated by a shared desire to see his newly established platform. They were each certain to have an opinion about his achievement and would not hesitate to share their points of view.
When Seymore met up with them on the lane they greeted him like a long lost friend and each smiled and exclaimed about how good he looked and spoke with enthusiasm about how much they admired his achievements. He thanked them kindly and was careful not to offer any information about Seymore Place nor did he extend an invitation to see more of it.
 They continued to grin and fawn over Seymore and eventually they took his arms and propelled him up the lane toward the cottage all the time chattering away about Seymore’s genius, creativity, and on and on. When they reached the picnic table where Mesa and Geralty were sitting, the little group stopped and Seymore wrenched himself free of their guidance. Despite feeling quite cranky, he graciously introduced Mesa as his trusted assistant and Geralty as his gifted protégée. 
He was left with no choice but to introduce the three visitors to his friends. “Mesa, Geralty, may I introduce the mathematician, the mentalist and the Mahatma. It appears they have arrived to congratulate us on our creation and we can all be grateful for that.”
 Neither Mesa nor Geralty knew who the men were beyond the meager introduction, but Seymore seemed to pay them substantial but grudging deference so they just nodded and shook hands all around. Mesa, however, was sure that there was much more here than met the eye. Geralty smiled while relishing his good luck to be in on what looked to be a whole new kind of adventure. 
Seymore invited the group to sit at the table and he took a place next to Geralty. He carefully folded his hands in front of him and unflinchingly glared at the three newcomers. He didn’t say a word and sincerely hoped he wouldn’t have to. Unlike Mesa he knew exactly who he was dealing with. Though they were housed in diverse and unfamiliar images, they were best known as Albert Einstein, Sigmund Freud and Gandhi. 
 He knew them all very well and had worked with each of them many times at Middle Mind. All three really liked Middle Mind and because they had transitioned from The Rim so many times they, each in their own way, was sure they knew more than either Seymore or Valentino about the process of transition and how to improve it. They each had their own points of view, powerfully held, and never hesitated to state their opinions, critiques or suggestions. They were meddlers through and through.  Not one of them understood the concept of leaving well enough alone.  He admired them all but each could be a trial.  Now all three were on hand and apparently were prepared to provide ES360 with the benefit of their undoubted expertise.
He was only half right. These three had plans for Seymore’s station.
As he held his guests captive on the picnic bench with his unwavering stare, he made some personal and unspoken observations. First, they all were using images from times other than the ones they were famous for when they made their incredible contributions at The Rim. All looked strong and healthy, rested and alert.  And they each had an aura of anticipation and expectation.  They all smiled with a forced sincerity that was highly suspect.
 It was Seymore’s plan to not give an inch, but eventually curiosity got the best of him and he asked, “What brings you to my humble Place? I know that all of you adore Middle Mind and I’m certain you treasure our associations there, but this small station is nothing like the Transition Zone.  You’ll not find much entertainment value here.”  He paused and reminded himself that these three were masters of persuasion, and if that failed, weren’t above more devious methods. He wished Valentino was here to reduce the odds; to Seymore three to one seemed like a lost cause from the start. He was to learn that the odds were very much in his favor.
For an uncomfortable few moments there was not a sound and even young Geralty sat as still as a stone. Then the Mahatma spoke.
“Seymore we have come to borrow the dome and the light to return to The Rim to make some corrections.” The Mahatma had cleverly chosen the image of a very young and handsome Edwardian gentleman who appeared mannerly, soft spoken and perfectly innocent.  Seymore almost burst out laughing. Instead he carefully looked up toward the inside of the umbrella and quietly and firmly said, “Sir, you cannot do that.” Under the table Seymore firmly grabbed Geralty’s leg because he knew that the youngster was about to laugh out loud. Seymore was right; Geralty was experiencing a vision of the 19th century dandy being whipped around in the dome as he had been.
The mathematician interjected, “Well, we think we can. In fact, I’m nearly certain of it. After I found out about your capture of the great light I calculated and recalculated a series of projections and formulas and it is indeed possible to move to The Rim from here.  It’s what we all want to do, the sooner the better.  ”Einstein had chosen to arrive at Seymore Place as a portly innkeeper with dancing blue eyes and eyebrows that moved in several directions as he talked. He wasn’t tall, but Seymore was pretty sure he was strong. 
Seymore this time looked the great calculator square in the eyes and said, “No, you can’t do that.” He tried to be as firm as possible without being rude or ill tempered, even though that was pretty much how he felt.
As Seymore expected, Freud could not remain silent, in fact, Seymore was surprised he hadn’t been the first to speak. The famous mental health worker trained his eyes on Seymore, paused to meaningfully look him over, and said, “Seymore, we know this is your Place. You even named it after yourself. And well you should, it is a monumental achievement. We don’t mean to diminish your talents in any way.  But we must find a way to overcome your resistance and use the light for transport so we can take care of important business at The Rim.”
Oh, he is good, thought Seymore.  All the practice in telling people they’re crazy had not been wasted on the clever doctor. The image selected by the renowned shrink for this occasion was of a 20th century politician: tall, lean, handsome, smooth spoken and dripping with sincerity. 
 Seymore could not resist smiling warmly at Sigmund as he said, “No, Sigmund you cannot use the dome and its light to travel to The Rim or for any other purpose no matter how necessary or noble you perceive your intentions. Is that clear enough?” Sigmund was left to his own devices in the face of Seymore’s unqualified rejection.  Wisely, he remained silent and contemplative.
Seymore resumed sitting quietly with hands folded waiting for the next attempt to break his will.  Some few moments passed before the Mahatma asked, “Why can’t we use the light, Seymore?  ”He was totally sincere and looked steadily into Seymore’s eyes.  It was a real question, no ulterior motive. He actually wanted to know why he couldn’t use the light for his personal aims.
Good! Seymore thought and turned to Geralty and said, “Tell them, Geralty” Seymore knew it would do no good for him to explain the dangers, but they might believe he voice of experience.
Geralty looked at Seymore and said, “It’s really, really dangerous.” Seymore said, “Tell them how you know.” Geralty turned to the visitors and continued, “I went into the dome to do some investigating and it was just luck that I got out with Seymore’s help.  It was a wild and dangerous ride.”
 The three looked at Geralty with surprise and then the numbers runner said, “Really! I need to review my calculations. I was sure that we could travel in the light.” Everyone else remained silent.
Sigmund said to Seymore, “Are you sure that we can’t at least try.  We are not without exceptional skills of our own, you know.  ”The mentalist had no shame.   And before Seymore could say a word, Geralty looked at Sigmund and asked, “Can you fly? I can.” 
Both Seymore and Mesa broke out laughing.  When they we just about to regain their composure they looked at each other and enjoyed more giggles and guffaws. They hugged Geralty, who was stunned by their reaction, but took it all in as best he could. This was the strangest adventure he’d been on.
The tourists were left to deal with their own thoughts as their host and his staff had a jolly time at their expense. They didn’t think it was funny at all. Of course, none of them could fly, and they were pretty sure Seymore couldn’t either.  They could transition, transport and project, but flying was a talent only naturally available to Mercury’s tribe, or so they thought. Then the light went on.
Seymore had returned for the most part his normal self, but Mesa was still muffling giggles He looked at the Mahatma who was studying Geralty and Seymore saw that the venerable guru knew that his young protégé was Mercurial. What the wily politician didn’t know was there were two such remarkable beings at the table and Seymore decided to reserve that information.
 His guests (he was beginning to think more hospitably toward the interlopers) were quite shocked to learn that the light in the big dome could be seriously dangerous and would have closely questioned and cross examined Geralty except that they knew better than to take on the skills of a relation of the great Mercury. Even a young and inexperienced one had more communication skills than the three of them combined. They didn’t have the same reservations about Seymore, however, so they turned to press him for more details.
 Seymore was determined not to be dragged into some long discussion of the ins and outs of the great lights. Even he and Mesa didn’t understand everything about the nature of Seymore Place and he wasn’t about to give the three meddlers one morsel toward satisfying what he knew was their bottomless curiosity. He decided that playing dumb was the best and easiest means to fend off the questioners and his reply to every query was some version of I-don’t-know.
Mesa rose and excused herself saying she was going to look for Fred. She really was. He had apparently gone all the way to the beach and hadn’t returned. She was also very curious about how the visitors had entered Seymore Place as the edges were stabilized and sealed.  There was no previous trace of them on the station so they couldn’t project or transport in as there was nothing to fix on.  Fortunately the answers to both of her questions were in the same direction. She started down the lane, walking quickly and keeping her wings camouflaged against the fabric of her dress. Somehow she didn’t particularly want to reveal that she too could fly.  She had noticed as well that Seymore had not revealed her Mercurial heritage.
 At the top of the sand dunes she looked up and down the beach but didn’t see Fred anywhere. She was standing in tall grass and he could be easily hidden in the vegetation that covered the sandy soil. She didn’t know where to start looking so she furled her wings and glided low over the sand at the edge of the lapping water. It was very near the edge of Seymore Place as well so she would be able to see any gaps or breaks in the construction.
She neared the end of the beach where the alder woods picked up and hadn’t seen anything out of the ordinary. The cat wasn’t found either. Somehow she thought Fred would be easy to find because of his striking coloring, but he seemed to have vanished.  She dropped her feet and gently landed in the soft sand at the edge of a dune to think about how the visitors might have arrived.  She stood for a long time looking out over the sea.  Then she knew exactly how they arrived. They came in over the water.
After the space where it washed up on the shore, the sea was an optical illusion and there was actually nothing there.  The result was an open space in the construction that allowed for the illusion to play itself out. 
The psychiatrist was right, they did have great skills and they had simply projected on to the surface that supported the illusion, crossed the dunes and walked up the lane.
It was easy. She jumped off the ground and was again flying very low right along the edge of the illusion. She was looking for any disturbance that would tell her where they came in. As she approached the other end of the beach she saw Fred crouched in one of the clumps of dune grass looking out at the last bite of the beach. She dropped her legs, landed, bent down to pick up the cat and gently nuzzled him. He seemed fine and apparently had found the entry point before she had. 
She looked down at the sand and saw the last faint impressions of foot prints from the three clever intruders’ arrival. The illusion had almost washed the evidence away. She hugged Fred and said, “You are one very smart cat, Fred.” She knew that something had to be done to protect the station from future trespass by way of the water illusion but she needed to talk to Seymore first. 
So she carefully unfurled her wings back into a fabric design, walked over the dunes and up the lane.  Half way to the picnic table she released Fred and he wandered along beside her until Geralty saw them. He ran to get the cat and ask her where she found him. She told him and included finding the fading footprints.  She also swore him to secrecy before they reached the table which was still occupied by contention for control of the light.  It was immediately clear that Seymore was winning. She took Geralty’s hand and they walked on to the cottage entrance and quietly slipped in through one of the double doors.
 What Mesa had viewed as contention Seymore and his guests looked upon as lively discussion and debate. Mostly it was now friendly as the visitors came to realize that there was much more to ES360 than they had assumed.  Seymore finally took an unequivocal stand and flatly said he would not ever allow them to enter the light in the dome and there was no circumstance they could conjure or contrive to change his mind. The meddlers gave up.  They even laughed when they saw they were pursuing a hopeless cause.
Once they quit wrangling to have their way, Seymore invited them to come into the cottage to have a look around. They quickly rose and headed for the entrance with Seymore leading. He knew that they probably were thinking of ways to use the house tour to find a way to slip into the dome. So at the double doors he paused, turned and said, “Psyche is the one who commissioned this experiment, you know.”
Actually, they did know.  They admired the Great Psyche and she had actually told them about ES360 though she didn’t suggest a visit or that interference at Seymore Place was a good idea.  They were anxious to see the cottage and continued hoping to gain some kind of advantage that would release Seymore’s grip on control of the light. 
When they were safely inside the cottage library, Mesa kept her hold on Geralty’s hand and lead him through the hall and out the back door on the alder woods side of the cottage.  They went around to the back where the pretty pond was and took a seat on the bench that was under the weeping willow. Mesa sat very close to Geralty and said, “We need to keep out of Seymore’s way for a while. His old associates seem to have agendas that we can’t really help with.  And we have plans to make on our own.”
At first Geralty was disappointed but brightened at the prospect of being in cahoots with Mesa. And he already had several secrets that he nurtured and cherish. For once things were both safe and exciting.  Even Fred seemed pleased to just spread himself out on the grass and purr with gusto.
Mesa wanted to shift into super-reliable schoolmarm but she didn’t want to be caught in either the process or results and again warned Geralty against any revisions to his own image for the same reasons. He readily agreed and then asked “What are we up to, Mesa?  ”She gave him her patient look and lightly smiled, “Geralty, we’re not up to anything.  We are going to think about a few things that need to be done so we are prepared to make some workable suggestions to Seymore, mostly about the way the visitors arrived.” And to herself thought, and a way to get them to leave.
She went over at length what she found at the beach and the use of the water illusion for trespassing.  She wondered out loud, “I wonder how the threesome even learned about Seymore Place, don’t you?  Surely this small platform is of little consequence in the entire scope of Everything.”  She seriously considered a short return to Mercury Place to catch up on all the news.  Then she had a better thought.
“Geralty, I have a great idea.  You and I are going to figure out a way for ES360 to have a link to Mercury Place so we can know what’s going on. I don’t know about you, but I miss being in the know about events and comings and goings. I have a feeling that if we were better informed we wouldn’t have had any surprise visitors. It would have helped to know they were coming.” 
Geralty was thrilled with the idea of having access to more information. He would never be bored again! He grabbed Mesa’s slender arm and said, “We could put a receiver in my room.  There’s a nice cabinet with doors and it’s on an outside wall.  If we put the connection in the thatch on the roof we could run a link right into the cabinet and no one would be the wiser. I mean, it would be safe and protected.  We’d tell Seymore, of course, before we made such a major addition.” He stopped but his mind was rapidly creating scenarios about how much he would enjoy such a splendid addition to his room.  He loved being at Seymore Place and was thrilled to work along side Seymore and Mesa, but at times he missed the incredible communication and information sharing at Mercury Place. 
Mesa smiled and said that was a wonderful idea and it would be included in the options for Seymore. To calm Geralty, she changed the subject and asked, “Do you think you could fly over the edge of the station with me to see the underside of the water illusion?” Geralty hesitated and then observed, “I’m sure I have the strength for such a flight, but I’m not sure if I can fly long enough, Mesa.  ”Mesa agreed that it was a difficult flight. Then she said that maybe the best idea was a barrier that ran the length of the beach that would allow the water illusions to function but prevent anything from crossing at the point where the illusion and the beach met. She’d present that to Seymore as an option. 
 Geralty turned to Mesa and said, “I don’t know much about water. Could I take that little boat out on the pond to see what water is like?” Mesa said that was fine but to be careful as it was unstable and he should not stand up in the boat.  Although, she thought, if he falls in that might be the best lesson and she was pretty sure she could easily rescue him even though her knowledge of water was scarce as well  .He left the bench and walked out on the dock to the row boat.  It was a comedy of errors as he tried every which way to get into the boat.  Finally he got down on his hands and knees, pulled the boat in as close as possible stern first and carefully crawled into the boat, sat up and the boat started to drift away from the dock.  He was then immediately busy with figuring out how he was going to get out of the boat.
 Mesa could see he was going to be occupied for a while and let her mind go back to finding ways to handle the potential consequences of the visit from the three trespassers.  She looked up at the cottage and could just make out Seymore and the visitors in the study through the willow tree’s drapery.  It was cool and comfortable and she really liked this new retreat that Seymore had added during the remodel.  She must remember to thank him.  She relaxed and gave up worrying about the visitors.
 During the tour of the cottage a running conversation revealed a number of facts that Seymore was surprised to learn.  All three of the tourists said they had learned about the station through the constant stream of information that emanates from Mercury Place, which was at least partially true.  The announcement was short and didn’t say much about Seymore Place, but rather emphasized that for the first time ever a great white light had been captured.  That news was motivational for The Meddlers. 
The visitors were reluctant to discuss exactly what kind of changes they wanted to make at The Rim. Seymore persisted and they all finally confessed to a long list of things they suspected had lead to poor outcomes as a result of their much heralded but incomplete accomplishments.  Sigmund was particularly remorseful that some of his conclusions about women were not only misconstrued but wrongheaded in the first place. The Mahatma said he had inadvertently endorsed some life style, living arrangements and eating habits that were unhealthy and persisted because of him.  On the other hand, the mathematician felt that his work was largely good, excellent in fact, but incomplete in some small ways which had sent some very talented scientists off on the wrong track.  He wanted to make a few formulas available to some select physicists so that his previous findings could be corrected in such a way that he would get the credit. And they all had dozens of small items of interest and concern that they would like to adjust, add or remove. 
Seymore carefully set out why it was not a good idea to return to The Rim aboard a great light even if it was possible, which it wasn’t. The residents at The Rim had superior abilities for making corrections and utilizing the rich bed of creativity available there.  Any influence from them would be unwise and most likely unwelcome. He knew for sure that not one of them would endorse his position in any way, but he said it four or five times in several different ways just to be sure they actually heard what he wanted them to understand.
As they sat together in his study, Seymore noticed that there was something about his pleasant room that had relaxed his guests.  Sigmund and the Mahatma were half-reclined on the ends of the day bed and Albert had easily fallen into the depths of the big leather chair.  Seymore sat at his desk in the office chair while he listened to the amiable and informative conversation. 
The most meaningful bit of news he received was that his experiment was widely held to be a big success and that the dome’s attracting the white light was a remarkable coup. Seymore also noted that not one mention was made of light travelers, though each of the three guests wanted to be one.  Moreover they didn’t seem to grasp that the lights were highly individuated and would most likely not accept any rider but its own. However, for the most part, Seymore remained mute about anything and everything that he knew about the great lights.
With everyone so comfortable, Seymore asked the question that he hoped would bring the tour and visit to its natural conclusion. “So, gentlemen, what’s next on your agenda?  ”To his dismay there was no reply, not even a meaningful look.
Since a voluntary departure didn’t seem to be in the offing, Seymore stood and said he had many matters that needed his attention but that he would be glad to assist them in making the easiest exit.  He suggested, in a flash of intuition, that they pay a visit to his brother, Valentino.  “At Middle Mind there were new happenings there that could provide methods of pursuing the desired Rim corrections.  ”At that implication, they all rose and followed Seymore out the doors that faced the atrium.  They all stopped to look through the French doors at the lighted dome.  Sigmund offered, “Too bad.  You know, it doesn’t look dangerous.  ”And Seymore quickly added, “But it is.  ”With that they all turned and left through the double doors in the library. 
 On the path outside Seymore said, “If you’ll tell me how you got here, I’ll be sure that you can leave the same way. Or, since you now have a small imprint here you can transport to one of your well established markers at Middle Mind. I think that Valentino would be glad to see you and you can even use my office for the time being.”
 The latter was an offer they couldn’t refuse. They each selected their individual marker that was closest to the Administration Offices at Middle Mind and were gone.

Chapter 17
Making a Difference

 Mesa watched Geralty struggle with the water as he tried to row the boat. Fred had moved to sit on the bench next to her and she alternated between petting him, enjoying Geralty’s attempts at rowing and thinking of ways to make Seymore’s management of the station easier.  She had a number of new ideas and was deep in thought about what would happen when the next light traveler arrived when she heard Seymore shouting her name.
She jumped up and moved in Seymore’s direction as he came around the corner of the cottage. Geralty also heard the call and pulled hard on the oars to send the boat into the shallows of the pond. He carefully stepped out into the water and ran uninvited to meet his two companions.
 Seymore took them back to sit on the bench and told Mesa, “I need for you to send a message to Valentino at Middle Mind. The meddlers are on their way there and he will be much happier if he knows ahead of time.  Can you conjure a messenger so I can send along what Valentino needs to know?  ”Mesa quickly nodded yes and a tiny version of Seymore appeared.  Seymore was surprised; he had expected an image of Mesa. He said, “That’s amazing, how did you do that?” Mesa looked at him and asked, “Do we have time for that right now?”
Seymore smiled and shook his head and then addressed the messenger. 

Dearest Valentino, 
 We recently had a surprise visit from the mathematician, the mentalist and the Mahatma.  They were set on interfering with the workings of ES360 but I was able to redirect them.  I have sent them to you, by suggesting that you had some new facilities that might interest them.  I even told them they could temporarily use my office.  I know you’ll be able to keep them there until we can secure Seymore Place so they can’t intrude again.  Thank you for helping me in my hour of need. 
On a happier note, please send one of your markers back with this messenger so when we are ready to celebrate the completion of Seymore Place you’ll be able to transport here for the festivities.  You’re the only one on the invitation list so we will have lots of time to catch up.  It won’t be long now.
I’ll send details and suggestions later on how to take advantage of the skills of your new office mates.  They might be much more helpful than they intend to be...
Love to you always from your brother, Seymore. 
 
He turned to Mesa and said, “Send it fast so it arrives before the visitors do.”  In a crackle of light the little Seymore was gone and the big Seymore smiled and thanked Mesa for letting him use her skills yet again.  He forgot to ask about his miniature.
 Geralty had silently watched the transmission of the message to Valentino and despite being dripping wet from the knees down he hadn’t moved a muscle; he observed in wonder. When the message was on its way he looked at Mesa and in a near whisper said, “Can you teach me that?” Mesa put her arms around his shoulder and said, “I can and I will. But you need to go to your room and create some better gear for your bottom half, don’t you think?  He smiled and loped away to the back entrance near his room. In his mind he imagined being able to conjure and send tiny Mercury Messengers.  It was a thrilling idea.
Seymore went over to the water’s edge and took the rope at the bow of the row boat and walked it over to the dock and secured it to a cleat.  Then he motioned to Mesa to come with him and they walked down the path to the entry and went into the study. He gratefully eased himself into the big leather chair and Mesa now changed to her schoolmarm, and sat down in his office chair. 
They both had a long list of questions and information that needed to be exchanged, but neither spoke until Seymore was more relaxed and asked, “What did you think of the famous trio?” Mesa laughed and said they were not at all what she would have expected and added, “How did you talk them into leaving besides giving them your office and volunteering your brother? What are they going to do at Middle Mind?”
 Before Seymore could respond, Mesa added, “I figured out how they arrived.  ”She paused and smiled and just waited, savoring every moment of knowing something Seymore didn’t. Seymore waited and when she didn’t continue he said, “So how did they get in?” She laughed and told him how she had located the foot prints at the far end of the beach and that Fred was there first.  Seymore reached over and patted Fred who had followed them and was sitting on the big arm of his chair.
 She then added without prompting, “I think I have a solution.  We need to put up an invisible barrier along the beach where the water illusion meets the shore.  It will need to bend out away from Seymore Place. I think we can do it with the same material you used to make the dome, but thinner and the local Units of Energy will gravitate to it as soon as the first layer is attached to the super structure at the edge. If someone tries in the future to come in that way the outward curve will deflect their projection backward and it will drop off and become part of the illusion.”
 Seymore said, “That sounds like a good plan but once it’s installed, let not stabilize it for a while.  There might be another answer that would work better.  Such a barrier might also block the sound of the waves and could interfere with the soft breeze that flows up the meadow; not vital functions, but pleasant.”
 Seymore suddenly pulled himself out of the big chair and said, “Let’s go build it right now.  I think a good walk would clear my thinking.” They left through the hall that led to the library. They opened the double doors and both stopped to look out over the meadow and for a moment just enjoyed the view.  They left the doors open to catch the breeze and walked down the path and into the lane.
 As they walked by the picnic table Seymore reached up and let the big market umbrella down saying “We’ll want to move this soon because when we’re finished at the beach I think I’ll work on the Weedy Field and make a new spot for this set.  ”He looked down at the table top and noticed initials neatly carved in one corner: AE, SF and G. The guests had left their mark using an old tradition from The Rim. Seymore smiled and shook his head.
As they turned to walk down the lane Seymore said to Mesa, “I think we should make it a tradition that all of our visitors carve their initials into the table top. I’ll put SW for Sarah on one of the other corners since she was our first visitor” Mesa agreed and they fell silent as they reached the dunes, crossed over to the beach and walked toward the far end. The foot prints were gone, washed away by the water illusion, but Seymore could see how it was possible to enter and so he turned, and mentally mapped a pattern for the barrier.  He set the edge of curved glass and guided the Units to the perfect positions for forming the large curved panel that leaned out over the beach. It was effective, but not particularly attractive. “This is OK for now, but we’ll need something to replace it that will be more in keeping with the rest of Seymore Place. Let’s attract something that’s beautiful that does the same thing.” Mesa nodded her agreement. 
 They turned to go back to the Cottage and as they walked Seymore told Mesa about his agreement with Valentino to allow them access to the inventory log of all the released images from transitions as they were completed at Middle Mind. He asked her if she and Geralty could learn to use their objective skills to allow the inert images to personify the greeters the light travelers needed when they were at the dome. Mesa didn’t reply. Then she offered, “I don’t know, but I’m willing to find out. How do we do that?”
Seymore said, “Funny you should ask, “ and grinning he continued, “When I was visiting at Middle Mind I asked Valentino to set up a method so we can transfer and return images as we need them.  That way we can access the entire log and chose the ones that will be closest to the needs of the light travelers without having too many here at once. He’s working on it as we speak.”
 “I’ll ask him to pick an image as a test case using a marker or focus point to send and return the images. If that works we could transfer markers or focus points several at a time with your messengers. Is that possible?” Mesa said it was, though it might not be the best way as messengers had both space and distance limitations.  “But, I’ll start teaching Geralty to message. He’ll be thrilled.  He seems to thrive on learning new things.  I made an excellent choice when I brought him here.” Seymore agreed and put his arm around her and gave her a gentle squeeze. They had reached the picnic table and he invited her to sit down.
 “Tell me what you think of this idea.  The Meddlers might be useful in our transfer of images.  While they can be troublesome they are very enterprising and know a great deal about Middle Mind.  Among the three of them they have the skills and talents to select the images and transfer them, which would be a great help to us and Valentino. And it would keep them busy and they couldn’t do any damage because the images no longer have substance or intent.” Mesa emitted a gentle chuckle and said, “So they can’t go into the light but they can select the images that will. How fitting!”
“It’s possible that the only thing the messengers would need to transport would be a small imprint that a transport could focus on or Valentino’s new helpers could just project the images they select to meet our specifications.  We could define the needs of the traveler and send that by messenger who would bring back the temporary imprint, receive the focused transport, rework the images, serve the travelers and return the images with their imprint by transport back to Middle Mind where they could be returned to the log. This has potential, but it also needs to be cleaned up.  ”And Mesa thought that it probably needed a lot more than that.  It sounded far too complicated to actually be done.
Seymore was on a roll and rapidly continued, “We’ll need someplace for the images to collect when they arrive here. Let’s think about what that could be and where it could be.  I think we have the makings of a good plan, don’t you?” Mesa nodded and tried to look like she understood.  And then she added, “Soon, Seymore, this is going to be a very busy place and we won’t have near the privacy or latitude we have now. I find that sad in a way.”
Seymore looked carefully at Mesa and said, “That’s why I have made the cottage private; so we will always have our place and be together.  We won’t lose each other in the coming changes, I promise.  ”He was mostly right, but not quite the way he thought.
Seymore reached out and took Mesa’s hand, she instantly turned back into the winged woman, and they walked to the open doors of the cottage. They turned for the office and Geralty met them as he came down the hall, clean and bright as a new penny.  He was a delight.
Seymore said, “I have a piece of news that you both should hear.  You’ll like it.  Let’s go in and make use of Mesa’s magic table, something we haven’t done for a while.” They all sat down in the magic chairs and Mesa made the table extra colorful for the occasion.  When they were all settled, Seymore began, 
 “I saw Sarah when I was with Valentino.” Together his companions shouted, “What!” and looked at him with shock and disbelief.  He quickly continued.  “It wasn’t her the way she is right now; it was a picture of the image that she had when she was in a coma. Valentino was able to show me the coma image from the logs that are kept in an area of Middle Mind.
“The most important news is that because the image could be found it means that Sarah is no longer using it.  It also means that she arrived safe and sound at The Rim.  And, best of all, we know she woke from her coma and is now fully engaged in her life. It is a huge relief to know she is safe.”
Geralty was sitting very still with big tears welling up in his eyes. He asked, “Can we see her too?”  Seymore thought a minute and then said, “Yes.  ”A burst of joy sent the tears down his cheek and he put his face in his hands and sobbed. Mesa moved to comfort him and said, “Do we need to set up the system with Valentino to get the image, or can Valentino just send it with a messenger?” 
 Seymore said he wasn’t sure.  Then he said something that was surprising.  “I do think we need to create a place for the images to land and I think that Valentino should translate the images to holograms before they are sent. Mesa I think we can have the holograms all come in over the water illusion and we can create a lovely beach house where the images can remain until their purpose here is finished. By making the water illusion a busy place and putting in a force field on either side of a beach house we can safely remove the curved glass barrier and not worry about the water illusion being misused for trespassing. We would always know what was moving over the illusion all the time and the connection would only be to Middle Mind.  Holograms are almost always a perfect match to illusions, so we don’t even have to make a new field to connect to the station’s structure.  I like this idea very much.” Seymore was very excited about his brain storm and happily pacing the office as he spoke.
 Mesa said, “That’s perfect! When do we start?” Seymore replied that they could start as soon as he had an answer from Valentino. He crafted the message to his brother and impressed it on the messenger who this time was thumb-size Mercury with wings on his heels. After the message went the three friends sat for a long time at the magic table pulling their plans together and making lists of what and when to accomplish improvements and changes to accommodate the great lights and their traveler’s needs.

Chapter 18
Making Time

Mesa looked at Geralty and said.  “Let’s you and I think of the best possible place for Sarah.  Keep in mind that we are just going to receive an image and it won’t have any substance or energy.  We’re pretty sure that she will arrive as a hologram, but we can change her form if we need to.  She won’t move or talk or do anything unless we project those abilities for her.  So, keeping that in mind, let’s make the most of having Sarah’s image as part of our lives.  It’s a wonderful thing and we are very lucky.  I don’t think anything like this has ever happened before, not ever.”  She turned to Seymore, “And we have you to thank, Seymore.  Having some part of Sarah here is a perfect gift.”
Seymore nodded and thought of the small silver ring in his pocket. Geralty smiled as he wiped his face on his sleeve.  His mind was already running through the possibilities for Sarah’s hologram.
Mesa looking very serious said, “There are a few changes that I think we all need to realize. I have noticed, and maybe you have too, that there are elements of The Rim that continue to grow and some new ones that have recently become evident here at Seymore Place.  I am guessing now, but I think that the stabilization of the station and especially our cottage has released characteristics of The Rim that arrived with Sarah’s light and they have blended with the Units of Energy that were originally utilized.
“In a way the remaining light seems quite at home here now and appears to have attached itself firmly. I sense some of the elements of time creeping into how we talk and even into how we plan things in a certain order to accommodate the motion of space.  I don’t think there is any problem with that at all.  But I think we need to be aware that we are adapting to the energy changes as they become more established here. We seem to be blending with the new environment that includes strong Rim elements in its make up. 
“It’s just an observation,” Mesa continued, “not something to worry about. It may be that the changes are needed to help the travelers return to their lives and purposes.  I also imagine that a closer understanding of the elements at The Rim will also make empowering the greeters easier. 
“I wonder how we are going to know the characteristics necessary for the greeters. Do you have any ideas, Seymore?  ”She seldom talked that long in one go, but she had been thinking about the processes at ES360 for some time and was very unsure when it came to the greeters.
Geralty had half listened to Mesa’s observations; mostly he was enjoying his imaginings about the Sarah image.  But the last question did grab his attention and he said, “The light will tell us.”
 Seymore looked at Geralty for a few moments and then asked, “How will they do that, Geralty?”  Geralty said, “The light will show us.” He spoke with such confidence that Seymore wondered if his young protégé knew something he didn’t.
Mesa was looking at the top of her magic desk as Geralty spoke and discovered something she had never noticed before. When they sat down earlier she had added some colors and extra motion to the table top. They had been sitting at the table for a long time, longer than usual.  While Geralty talked, the table responded in small ways to his words and his emotional emphasis. When Seymore chuckled the colors had moved in small eddies.  The table seemed to have developed responses of its own.  She decided that in a private moment she would return to the magic table and see what was developing.  It was very interesting and suggested that the clever piece of furniture was not fully in her control anymore.
At that moment the little Seymore messenger returned in a streak of light and landed on the window ledge.  Mesa went and got the message and released its information. The now empty image instantly melted into the atmosphere.  The message was for Seymore, of course, but she let it free in the air for everyone to hear.  Valentino’s voice was clear and strong.

Greeting, brother dear, 
 The three gentlemen you sent have arrived and have settled into your office. I have set them about the task of bringing perfect order to the image logs so they can be used for your purposes at Seymore Place, though I didn’t tell them that.  While that sort of administrative work is not particularly to their liking, your office is so they are cooperating for the time being.
 I think your plan for transferring your image selections will work, but I think we can bypass the use of markers or imprints and simply send holograms. You will need a receiving station at your end and probably a secure area for accommodating the images during the time that are helping with your light travelers. Since we will be sending only inert images, creating holograms is fast and easy and they are nearly indestructible. I have several assistants who are excellent at the process.  I don’t think the meddlers can do holograms and I’m not sure teaching them is in our best interest in this instance.  Let me know what you think.
 I like the messenger service, especially the little Seymore, but I suggest we establish something that is more accessible and is two-way. We could request a small band of information space from Mercury Place. Your Mesa will know what to do. 
 I’m sending along my marker as you requested. I absolutely want to be at the party to celebrate completion of Seymore Place.  A little notice would help as I would like to be sure that my new ‘helpers’ are fully occupied when I’m not here.
 Love always from your brother, Valentino

Geralty nodded enthusiastically as Valentino suggested using a Mercury band as that was even better than the small receiver that he and Mesa had discussed.  As soon as the message ended, Geralty nearly shouted, “Can I do the Mercury Band for us?”
Seymore was agreeable to that and said, “Yes, you can, but only if you clear everything you do with Mesa before you do it. She, I’m sure, will be glad to have the help as there’s plenty to do, but we want to be sure that things get done right the first time if we can. The stabilization is very fast now and making changes is going to be increasingly complicated.  So just be sure you get Mesa’s OK as you go along.  ”Geralty assured Seymore that he would gladly work with Mesa; it was one of his favorite things to do.
Mesa was paying no attention to Geralty and Seymore, she was thinking about the properties of her magic table.  Somehow its abilities were expanding, but how and why she didn’t know.  Seymore had to call her name several times before she looked up.  He said, “Geralty wants to set up the Mercury Band that Valentino suggested and I’ve asked him to clear his progress with you.”
Without hesitation Mesa said, “That’s easy, I have my own band, every Mercury fragment does. I’ve never used it so it’s clean and all I have to do is tune it in.” Geralty didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.  He so wanted to make a success of the project that Seymore had just given him, but he was dazzled that Mesa had her very own Mercury Band.  She never said a word when they talked about a receiver for his room! 
Mesa looked at Geralty when she realized his dismay and said, “But we’ll have to make some connections and I’ll need to go the Mercury Place to redirect the band to function here.  Geralty, I’ll depend on you to make everything ready so the frequency is right.  And we’ll have to make the same connections at Middle Mind, plus we’ll need a place for the signals to and from Middle Mind.  You’re just the one to make all that happen.” Geralty relaxed in his chair and said he most certainly was and that he’d get started right away. He thought to himself that some things just work out in unexpected ways and he was glad they did.  He might get a trip to Middle Mind out of this project. That would really be an adventure.
Geralty asked to be excused saying he was going to work in his own space.  He had plans for having a receiver in his room, or at least a way to listen to the information streams from Mercury Place from his private space by using the Mercury band.
As Geralty left, Seymore noticed that Mesa was staring at the top of her desk and had been the whole time that she was giving Geralty her instructions about the Mercury Band. He watched her for a short while and then said, “Mesa, what are you seeing?”
She looked up and said, “I’m not quite sure.  I could use your help to find out though.” Seymore replied, “Whatever you need it’s yours.” Mesa gave him a warm smile and continued, “I am going to melt back into the table and I want you to do a few simple things.  Shout at least four words one right after the other, whisper another four, laugh and then remain perfectly silent and don’t move for a count of ten.  And do them in that order so we both know what’s happening.  When you’re finished I’ll return to this image (she was the schoolmarm again) and I’ll know enough I hope to tell you what’s going on.” She immediately vanished into the table and Seymore did as she had asked.
As he executed the four simple instructions he was looking at the desk top.  It moved and changed color in different ways for each part of the exercise.  He was wondering what Mesa was doing to make the desk behave in that way.  Then she reappeared and resumed her place at the magic table.  As Seymore was about to learn it was more magical than any of them, including Mesa, had imagined.
Mesa clasped her hands tight together and brought them up under her chin with elbows on the table edge. She stared straight into Seymore’s eyes as if searching for something. She was searching for words, a way to express what she had just discovered. Seymore grew anxious waiting and said, “Well, Mesa what were you doing inside the table. The lights moved and changed as I did as you said.  How did you do that?” 
Mesa whispered, “I didn’t do that, something else did, but I don’t know what or how.  I heard everything you said and did and the only thing I noticed that was different was that there seemed to be more table than I was.  Does that make sense?” Seymore said it didn’t and asked how the table could be more than she was since she was the table.
They both smiled at how silly that sounded.
Mesa was still searching for information about the change in the table but none was available. Then a thought that might be a clue occurred to her.  She shared her thought out loud, “Is it possible that in stabilizing the light has infiltrated the table and changed it in some way?
“Let’s try a few other things.  While we are sitting across from each other let’s talk nonsense back and forth and watch the table.” They both indulged in alternating gibberish across the table and the table did nothing.  They stopped and Mesa said, “Let’s talk about Sarah instead.  ”And the second she said it they both noticed that the table responded. They carefully exchanged a few short memories about Sarah and the table moved and made patterns as it interpreted the conversation.  They stopped talking and the table returned to its smooth swirls that moved gently and regularly across the surface in its normal way. 
Mesa hand signaled for Seymore to come with her.  They both left the table and went into the library to sit in the bay window at the game table.  Mesa said, “It is now clear that the table is not only responding it actually understands what we are saying. It didn’t respond at all to the random sounds but did to our exchange about Sarah. I’m not sure what to do now.  Do you have any ideas?”
Seymore said he didn’t.  They both simply sat and looked out over the meadow both hoping that some inspiration would overtake them and lead to an explanation of what was happening to the table and actually to Mesa who was the table.  Mesa, hesitatingly, said, “I think we need to go back to the beginning and restate the obvious about what’s happened around the table.  It may take a while, but there may be a clue that will pop up as we talk.”
Seymore agreed and Mesa began, “I created the table by transforming into it.  I didn’t use anything other than my regular methods and the office was empty at the time.  I have extracted portions of my table to present as different images but the table has never been without a portion of me. All my images and the table are normal transformations for any Mercury fragment; all are expressions of ways that I normally communicate.  I have pulled other objects from the resources that compose the table including several different chairs and benches and two tin whistles.  None of those have ever left the cottage and only the whistles were removed from the office to be used in the library when Sarah left.  The only people who have ever used the desk are you, me, Geralty and Sarah; oh, and Fred.”
“Mesa, The Meddlers were in the office and admired the table but they didn’t touch it or even go near it.  Oddly, they seemed to be respectfully distant and didn’t even approach it.  I noticed because they had no qualms about inspecting everything else.  Does that mean something?”  Mesa said she didn’t know but added it to her collection of data.
She then went on, “We know that the units brought from The Rim are blending with local units, but none of them can interfere with the Mercury construction that I am. But if there is more table than what I created, what is it?  And how does it respond to what we talk about?  What else does it know?” 
They both looked out over the beautiful meadow again to gain focus and thought hard about the situation.  Then Seymore said, “Can you remove all of yourself from the desk so we can see what’s left?”  Mesa said she didn’t know because she was not a specific size and wasn’t sure she could tell in this case when she ended and something else began.  Then she added, “I could start by taking a large part of the table away and see if something is partly revealed. The portion I don’t remove will naturally expand to complete the table construct but if there is very little of my materials available it will be quite transparent.  Let’s do that.  But first, I’m going to have Geralty leave the cottage with Fred so that we are sure they are safe. I don’t think there’s any real danger, but better safe than sorry.”
She picked up Fred who was lounging on top of the round oak table and took him through to Geralty’s room.  He was busy at his desk alternating between making plans for the Mercury band and long reveries about how great it was going to be when it was ready.
Mesa said she was sorry to interrupt but she needed him to take Fred out of the cottage and stay with him because he could be unpredictable and she and Seymore were going to make a small test on the magic table and wanted him to be safe.  Geralty quickly took the cat and said he would be out by the pond where Fred loved to watch the fish and if he got bored he’d play with him.  Mesa thanked him, watched as he left by the back door near his room and then looked through Seymore’s study until they arrived at the little boat dock.  Satisfied, she went back to the library and motioned for Seymore to come with her. 
At the door to the office she stopped and said, “I’m going to return to the table and I want you to stay here and not make a sound.  I want you to watch.  I am going to return when I’m finished as the winged girl because I want to take the flying elements out of the table and I am going to compact the rest of me into the original shape I made when I first appeared with Psyche at Middle Mind. It may take longer than usual.  Are you ready?” Seymore said he was and Mesa instantly reentered the magic desk and vanished. It seemed like a long time before she reappeared as the young winged woman, but she looked safe and was actually smiling.
She took Seymore’s hand and silently led him back to the library where they resumed their places at the game table in front of the bay window.  She hadn’t stopped smiling and now she sat up tall in her chair, leaned on her crossed arms and looking intently at Seymore she said, “You’ll not believe what is in the table.  It is the eye, the one from the dome that followed Sarah when you both walked around the outside of the dome.” 
 Seymore squinted his eyes and cocked his head slightly to look at Mesa and quietly said, “What?  How can that be?” Mesa said she had no idea but that it definitely was a large foggy friendly eye.  She had left more of herself in the desk than she had originally because the eye has no substance of its own and needed the table for support.
Seymore thought long and hard about what this could mean.  Had other parts of the light seeped into the cottage?  Probably not or they would have noticed; like Mesa saw the change in the desk.  Suddenly, he stood up and went to the double doors. He said, “I’m going out to the outside edge of the dome and see if the eye, the little one that formed when I was there right after Sarah left, is still there.”
He hurried, almost ran, through the Weedy Field and up to the edge of the dome.  Nothing happened right away, but gradually the soft misty eye began to form.  This time it was bigger and much more like the one that had followed Sarah.  It looked back at him with what can only be called affection.  The anxiety he saw the last time was gone and the eye seemed glad to see him. He smiled at the big fluffy eye and turned to go back to the library.  Inside he sat down quickly across from Mesa.
“The eye is there and now it’s just like the one that followed Sarah.  What do you think?  Is there some way you can go inside the desk when I’m at the dome edge so we can see how many eyes there are?  Is that a good idea?  You’re the expert.”
Mesa quickly replied, “I’ll go back into the desk and you go to the dome edge and I am very sure I can tell if the eye leaves to meet you.”  They separated.  Mesa went to the desk and vanished into it and Seymore returned to the dome edge.  In short order The Watcher again appeared right in front of him.  He stared into the large soft eye and hoped that Mesa was going to tell him that the eye had left the desk.  He didn’t know why he felt that was a good thing.  Then he had a sudden insight.  He had Sarah’s ring in his pocket.  Was that what the eye was attracted to?  He put his hand on the glass dome near the watcher as a gesture of good will, turned and went back to the library. Mesa was already at the game table.  She was arrayed as the winged woman and was looking very pleased. She said, “The eye left when you were at the dome edge.  I saw it go.
“Which is great news, because it means there is only one Watcher.” 
Seymore was glad that there was only one as well, but he was now faced with having to tell Mesa that Sarah’s ring was in his pocket.  He said, “I have an idea why The Watcher is watching me.  I found Sarah’s little silver ring out by the dome. And before he could continue, Mesa interrupted, “Oh, that’s wonderful.  Geralty will be thrilled to see it.  Where is it?” 
Seymore quietly said, “It’s in my pocket and has been there since I found it right after Sarah left. I’ve been trying to find a way to return it and even asked Valentino but he didn’t have any ideas either.  ”Seymore quickly move on to avoid explaining why he kept the precious jewelry, “I think The Watcher may focus on the ring not me or you.  So I want to go back to the dome edge and put the ring back where I found it, which should hold The Watcher inside the desk.  .But we better double check to make sure.  I’m sorry I didn’t tell you and Geralty about the ring, but I thought I might find a way to return it before now.  ”Seymore paused for some kind of response and when there was none, he went on “Shall we see what happens.”
Mesa said, “Yes, put the ring back on the ledge and I’ll wait for you.” He left through the double doors, cross the Weedy Field and waited for the watcher to appear.  When it did he carefully set the ring on the foundation edge where it had been before and returned to the library. He and Mesa went to the office doorway and Mesa said, “Let’s sit like we were before to experiment to see if The Watcher has left the desk.  If it has, we should be able to talk and there will be no response on the desk top.  Let’s begin.  We can talk about Sarah.” Seymore agreed and they sat down across from each other like before and talked of Sarah.  Nothing happened. The desk remained colorful but the swirls were even and slow moving which was normal for the magic table.  Both Seymore and Mesa were glad that they now knew for sure that it was The Watcher that had moved into the desk and had been drawn there by Sarah’s ring.
“I’m going to go get Geralty,” Mesa said as she rose from her magic chair, “and tell him he can come back now and bring Fred with him.” She left Seymore to ponder the news about The Watcher and went out the back door by Geralty’s room and walked to the pond.  The young Mercury pattern and Fred were teasing the gold fish and seemed happy and so she said, “It’s OK now to return. Fred will be safe, but we have a little more work to do so stay here if you like.  I just wanted to let you know and make sure you and Fred were alright.  I see you are so I’ll see you later.  ”She quickly noticed another new time reference.
Back in the office she returned to her place at the table and looked at Seymore who was deep in thought. He didn’t move for quite a while and Mesa just waited until he was ready to share his thoughts.
When he started to talk, it was clear that he had figured out something important. He laced is fingers and put his arms out on the magic desk and leaned forwarded to talk to Mesa with incredible intensity.  “Mesa, I think we have a very big piece of information that will help us with the greeters. Geralty gave me a clue when he said the light will tell us about the greeters.  I think it has.
“Sarah was greeted twice by Fred; he seemed to know exactly what to do when the light arrived.  I wasn’t much help as I coaxed him out of the dome twice, the last time with Sarah.  What we have forgotten is that the light that Sarah rode in on was actually two lights.  One belonged to someone else.  The mysterious light in the dome is most likely the portion of the light that didn’t belong to Sarah but still bears her imprint and without its originator the light that’s left behind only remembers Sarah and yearns for her so it also can return.  It cannot leave with its rightful passenger.   Am I making any sense?”
He didn’t wait for a reply, “The light’s love for Sarah is focused on the ring because it is the only thing of Sarah’s that remains here.”  He stopped and kept looking intently at Mesa.  Then he had a flash of insight.  “The light wants to communicate its needs and that’s why it gravitated to your magic desk.  This desk is made of your Mercury stuff. As a Mercury fragment you are a natural communicator whether you are a desk or a woman. The desk has always been in the same place so it was much more available and the watcher is trying to communicate with us.  Geralty is so smart!  ”With that revelation he leaned back in his magic chair and looked quite satisfied with his new understanding of The Watcher. Mesa simply enjoyed the moment though not at all sure what it meant.

Chapter 19
Communication Improvements

Seymore certainly knew more than he did but he didn’t know exactly what to do with what he knew.  Looking at Mesa he was sure she was in the same quandary.  So he started by saying, “I think we need to go over where we are now.  I’ll state the obvious and you tell me what you think.  ”He waited for Mesa’s nod of agreement then continued, “The eye is friendly and is trying to find Sarah.  It will probably stay in the dome as long as her silver ring is on the foundation ledge.  The light was attracted to your table – actually you – because of the nature of Mercury skills and was probably using the colors and motion as a means of communicating.  ”Seymore stopped and looked questioningly at Mesa.  She said she agreed so far.
Seymore continued thinking out loud, “We need a reliable means of communicating with the incoming travelers.  The light in the dome is essentially stuck there because there is no Sarah to come back and ride it home. ”His voice trailed off and he was quiet for a long time.  Then he picked up again with some questions, “Could the stranded light be a means of helping the greeters when they reach the dome? Can holograms operate successfully in the dome?  How do we utilize the light’s attraction to the magic table?  Would a new magic table that’s not you also attract the light?  See any answers, Mesa?  ”He again fell silent and Mesa didn’t have any answers right away.
Then, after thinking through Seymore’s questions, she said, “I can arrange for another table.  I’m going to make a trip to Mercury Place soon to redirect my personal band for communications with Middle Mind. While I’m there I can request the services of another Mercury pattern to assist us.  It would be an honor for a small pattern to have such a position and I think we can make good use of bright new help around here.  If the second desk doesn’t work out we’ll still have talented assistance for other things and there’s going to be plenty to do when the light travelers start arriving, especially if we aren’t any better prepared than we are right now”
Seymore snorted, “Well, that’s certainly true. Good idea and adding staff will be a help at our experimental station.  ”He turned and smiled at Mesa and added, “It seems like that’s all we do.  And we’re not done yet. I wonder if we ever will be. 
“While you’re at Mercury Place I’m going to make a detailed plan for the accommodations down at the shore for the transfer of the holograms.  I’ll also bring Geralty up to date and arrange for him to make a trip on his own to Middle Mind to make the installation for the Mercury Band.  ”He stood up and looked around and then announced, “I’m going to go sit in my big chair in my study and contemplate conditions and potentials.” He left smiling. 
Seymore was experiencing an abundance of befuddlement and uncertainty as he looked for a clear workable idea to provide greeters for future light travelers.  He wondered if the stranded light was going to interfere in any way with new arrivals.  He didn’t think so as it had co-existed with Sarah’s light while it was in the dome.  He was not sure though why it had separated from Sarah’s light.  Sarah had actually arrived twice and the smaller light could have arrived in between.  Then he thought, no, that doesn’t make sense because the stranded light had lost its rider and was undoubtedly looking for Sarah since she is the only one who arrived aboard the great light.
He stopped and gave himself instructions to just relax and think about something else for a while.  He turned his thoughts to the new addition for the holograms and let his mind wander down to the shore and began to mentally plan a beach house and how best to utilize the water illusion.  Creating the new force field to protect the area, while still making it accessible to transfers from Middle Mind, needed to be thought out as well.  He felt himself relax and then he fell asleep and again he dreamed.
While Seymore indulged in contemplation and drifted off, Mesa sat at the game table for quite a while, looking at the lovely view and made her own plans for her trip to Mercury Place to help Geralty create a communication system.  When she had it worked out she went to find him. 
She went down the hall outside the library to his room, but he wasn’t there. She left the cottage by the back door and went around to see if he was still out by the pond.  He, with Fred along side, was stretched out on the soft grass near the pond staring into space.  She almost hated to disturb him, but they had things that needed to be done and she called out his name. He instantly sat up but Fred didn’t move.  As she grew closer, she said, “Seymore has added to our duties and we need to get busy.  Bring that lazy cat and let’s go to your room and figure out what we’re doing.  You’ll need to know how best to take advantage of your trip to Middle Mind.” Geralty’s eyes lit up and he scooped up the cat and joined Mesa.
In his room they huddled together to make a plan or at least part of one because some things were not yet clear.  She explained to Geralty what happened with the eye in the desk and added, “I’m going to go to Mercury Place and come back with the connection for the band as well as another Mercury pattern.  ”She gave Geralty instructions on what would be needed in order to accommodate the new band and that she trusted him to take care of every detail.  While Geralty was disappointed to learn that the band station would be in the office on the other side of the cottage, Mesa said she would arrange for him to have a separate link to the Mercury stream that he could keep in his room.
Geralty was so delighted he couldn’t speak.  He knew for sure he was extremely fortunate.  He threw his arms around Mesa and thanked her over and over.
She was grateful for the demonstrations of affection and said so.  She suggested that thanking Seymore was also a good idea.  Then she asked Geralty, “Will you make a special effort to help the new pattern because Seymore and I won’t have time to bring the new member of our team up to speed.  You have lots to offer to the newcomer and you can make everything much easier for everyone.  Things will start to move quickly from now on, I’m sure, and that you’ll need to be sharp and pay attention.  ”He said he would.  And he did.
Mesa thanked Geralty, stood to leave and on second thought she reached down and gave the young Mercury pattern a gentle hug and a soft kiss on the cheek.  He smiled warmly and Mesa left to look in on Seymore.
 Surprisingly, what she found was Seymore sleeping soundly in his big chair and Psyche sitting in the office chair.  She rubbed her eyes in disbelief.  What was Psyche doing sitting and watching Seymore sleep.  It was irresistible; she slipped into the room, closed the pocket doors behind her and quietly sat on the day bed with a questioning look on her face.  She shifted to mental communication as Psyche didn’t use sound unless she had to and asked with just a hint of sarcasm, “To what do we owe this honor?”
Psyche smiled at the clever Mercury fragment that she had selected to assist Seymore.  She said, “I had a message from Middle Mind that Seymore might be in a muddle and decided to come and have a look.  I hadn’t expected to stay as long as I have.  However, when I found Seymore sleeping I became worried that he was becoming disconnected from the project.  ”To Psyche sleeping was a serious sign of lost focus and apparently something to be avoided as she added, “I never sleep.”
She looked at Mesa to see if she had an opinion.  She did. Mesa told her, “Just the opposite is true. Seymore has made tremendous strides and we are about the business of communication enhancement and making plans to expand to accommodate a whole new program with Middle Mind besides everything you can see.” 
Mesa hoped she sounded positive and confident.  But she was concerned that someone would intimate that Seymore was slipping in his responsibility.  She knew that Valentino wouldn’t say that, so who did?  Then she remembered that when the meddlers left they had gone to Middle Mind. 
She looked at Psyche and asked, “Who would suggest that Seymore was muddled?  ”She smiled disarmingly.  She just knew it was The Meddlers and she wondered if Psyche would tell her.
Psyche chuckled and her eyes glittered as she said, “I think Seymore refers to them as The Meddlers; a perfect name and commentary on the famous threesome.  I really just wanted to see the progress here and I’m impressed.  It seems very stable and is clean and bright, seems to be in excellent order and is quite beautiful besides.  I can see the dramatic dome through the doors and it is spectacular. But I’m still not quite sure how Seymore managed to capture a light so quickly and send it back to The Rim without incident. That is quite an accomplishment.”
Psyche paused and waited for Mesa to fill her in, but Mesa said nothing.  She finally just asked outright how the great light was attracted and returned and Mesa said she didn’t know; which was the truth.  But she didn’t add that Seymore didn’t know either. She just let her small answer hang in the air.
Psyche didn’t press for more information and grudgingly observed, “I see that everything is good here and that all loyalties are correct and that I have nothing to be concerned about. I’m quite sure Seymore already knows, but please tell him that the light knows exactly what to do.”
And then Psyche instantly vanished.  Mesa was again caught off guard and had to pause and reflect to be sure that what had just happened had, in fact, happened. She decided that she had to let Seymore know.  She walked over and gently touched one of his feet that were propped on the ottoman and he quickly opened his eyes.  He looked at Mesa and asked, “Am I awake?” She said he was and that she had something important to tell him but before she could continue, Seymore said, “I was dreaming.  At first the dream was about the big fuzzy eye and then it was about Valentino and then I was talking to the Great Psyche.  I don’t remember much of what she said, but I do remember that she said that the light knows what its doing. I wish I knew what that meant.” Mesa looked at Seymore and softly said, “Me too.” but not for the same reason. 
Seymore moved his feet off the ottoman and patted it for Mesa to sit down.  Neither talked and each seemed lost in their own thoughts, which were about the same thing, but not in the same way.  Mesa now wondered if she had talked to the real Psyche or had Seymore projected Psyche from his dream?  She felt like she was reaching a point where everything was blurred just when she yearned for everything to be clearer. Things seemed confusing ever since The Meddlers passed through Seymore Place. 
“Seymore, I’m feeling very confused and I think I need to make my way to Mercury Place to take care of the band and find a new pattern.  I need a sense that something is getting done.  I don’t understand the great light but I do know that we need to put some things in place that will at least point us in the right direction.”  She stopped and stood up and patted Seymore on the shoulder and then said, “I’m going to go now.  Geralty is well occupied in his own room and Fred has made himself at home there too.  I suggest you go out and enjoy the lovely pond you created.  I’ll be back.” And she was gone.
Seymore took her advice and went out his back door, strolled up the walkway and sat on one of the benches on the bank of the pretty pond.  He didn’t really relax, but he did realize that she was right about taking steps toward where he wanted to go even if he was feeling uncertain.  He took a few minutes to think about what he wanted to do first and decided that he wanted to prepare the plans for the Beach House. He stood, walked back to the cottage, through his office and down the hall by the atrium to the library.  He cast a large sheet of paper on the oak table and sat down to put his plans in order.  When Mesa was back he’d take her with him to put up the building and she could help him to establish the force field.  He probably should send a message off to Valentino about Geralty’s visit, the new band and sending the holograms.  He could get that composed as well and have it ready to go when Mesa returned.
As he worked, Psyche’s dream message tickled the edges of his concentration and he kept wondering about what it meant that the light knew what it was doing.  He kept pushing the question aside, but it always found a way to creep into what he was working on so he decided to compose the message for Valentino.
He moved to the game table to write out what he wanted to say and looked out the bay window and down the meadow.  On the lane he saw Mesa and a young girl walking toward the cottage.  He was surprised to see that Mesa’s pattern selection was a girl; for some unknown reason he had just assumed that patterns were all male.
He got up and opened the double doors as they reached the path from the top of the lane and went down to meet them.  Geralty must have seen them on the lane as well as he was right behind Seymore and looking very excited.  It was contagious and Seymore felt his spirits lift to match Geralty’s.  Mesa gave Geralty a hug and introduced them both to the new Mercury pattern, Jesmond.
She was small with bright eyes, a round sweet face and seemed gentle and shy. She appeared much younger than Geralty who eagerly said. “I’m really glad you’re here and I have lots to share with you, including a beautiful black and white cat and a pretty pond.  ”Mesa signaled to Jesmond that it was fine if she wanted to go with Geralty.  But she kept a firm grip on Mesa’s hand and just smiled and shook her head
Seymore then realized that both he and Geralty had made a lot of assumptions about young Jesmond. She didn’t know what a cat was, ponds were unknown to her as well and that Mesa had brought her in over the water illusions so that she would have a change to see more of Seymore Place before she reached the cottage and met her new companions.
Seymore looked at Mesa and then turned to Geralty and said, “Why don’t you go get Fred and join us at the picnic table.  I’ll bet Jesmond would like a chance to look over everything a little bit at a time.”  Geralty turned and went to get Fred who was last seen sitting on the wide window ledge in his room. Seymore led Mesa and Jesmond to the picnic table, raised the wide market umbrella and they all sat down to get acquainted. It was a good beginning, thought Mesa.

Chapter 20
Everything in Its Place 

When Geralty arrived with Fred in tow, Jesmond brightened and Fred seemed to notice as he jumped onto the picnic bench right next to the new addition to Seymore Place. He leaned and rubbed up against her and she stoically watched him as he curled his long tail through her fingers.  She tentatively reached to touch him and then smiled and giggled with Geralty.  Friends were made.
Mesa gave Jesmond a soft, sweet smile and told her, “You’ve won a new friend.” She reached out and ran her hand down the cat’s back and continued, “Fred came to Seymore Place from somewhere else just like you did.”  They had been using mental communication, but Jesmond turned to Mesa and said with sound, “I would like for Geralty to show me the pond. I’ve never seen one.  ”Mesa turned to Geralty and he quickly offered Jesmond his hand and they were off with Fred close on their heels.
Left by themselves, Mesa turned to Seymore and told him, “I was very, very lucky to be able to bring Jesmond back with me.  Jesmond was a new pattern but she had been first chosen by Psyche to help her with several small projects and had only recently returned to Mercury Place. She’s very excited to be asked to participate in ES360 and is hoping to always stay here.  I have told her about the scope of the project and why we need her help.  While I don’t think she really understood completely, she is aware that your creations are well known and greatly admired.  She took a little while to decide.  I think she sent a message off to Psyche to see what she thought of our offer. I’m delighted she accepted and I’m sure you will be too.  It’s easy to see that Geralty is taken with her and Fred, whose approval we all seek, seems charmed.”
She paused and looked at Seymore hoping for some response.  He seemed to be only half listening while looking down toward where the dunes begin.  She called his name and he quickly turned to look at her.  “I’m happy if you’re happy, Mesa.  Jesmond seems bright and sweet.  Geralty seems very pleased. When you arrived did you come in over the water illusion?  ”His abrupt change of subject caught Mesa up short.
“Yes, we did” she replied, “and I can now see how easy it was for The Meddlers to sneak in.  The approach is completely unobstructed and the water illusion picks up much further out than it needs to.  The barrier we created is still easy to get around at the ends; at least it was for me.  I think we need to recreate that area so that it is more protected and actually does what we want.”
Seymore was glad he had spent his time putting the plans together and told Mesa about them.  Then he said he wanted to send a message off to Valentino about the next steps in moving their plans forward.  Mesa produced a mini-Seymore so he could impress his message:

My Dear Valentino,
I am proud to send you to my trusted protégée, Geralty.  He is currently overseeing the installation of the Mercury Band which Mesa has generously transferred to us to make two-way communication easy and fast between Seymore Place and Middle Mind.  The installation for ES360 is made and Geralty will complete the connection for you while he is there.  I would like for you to make a space for him in your offices and kindly help him to finish his project. 
We are building the site for the arrival of holograms from Middle Mind and I hope that you can establish your sending point and give Geralty a receiving marker for our new facilities. The points and markers should be open so that we both can send and receive.  It also might be helpful for Geralty to meet the assistants who are going to be doing the transmitting since he will be handling almost all transfers as well as the Mercury band traffic.  They might offer Geralty a tour of Middle Mind; he would love it.
And finally I am sending a personal message to you that Geralty is carrying.  He’s very reliable and you can trust him with your personal reply.  It is highly confidential.
The latest news from Seymore Place is that Mesa just returned from a good trip to Mercury Place and brought both our new band and a new addition to our staff.  Jesmond is a young and gifted Mercury scrap that is permanently assigned to ES360 and we are glad she’s here. Everything goes along well and we make progress daily.  I have set your marker so that you will be able to transport easily from Middle Mind to help us celebrate our work when it is complete.  I’ll give your plenty of notice so you can help The Meddlers to behave themselves.
Love to you always from your brother, Seymore

He turned to Mesa and told her, “Can you hang on to this until I finish writing the personal message to Valentino for Geralty to hand carry to Middle Mind?  I’m going to write it now and maybe you could talk to Geralty and help him complete the Mercury Band installation.  I think it’s a good idea for him to make this trip soon.  I’m going to give him my transport marker to use and set it to land him in Valentino’s office.  But I’m going to give him some instructions in case it lands him in my office with The Meddlers.”
Mesa stood up with a big grin on her face shifted into her schoolmarm self and looked at Seymore and laughed.  “You know, you give those meddlers much more power than they deserve. I think they are just three lonely men who haven’t been wise enough to accept a new post and are just drifting from one shiny object to the next.  I’ll bet your brother has them corralled by now.  ”She paused long enough to return to her more charming winged woman and added, “But, you’re right to tell Geralty to steer clear of them anyway as they are apparently definitely not above manipulation of the unwary.” Her conversation with Psyche had made that clear.  “I’ll go help him with the finishing touches on the installations and take Jesmond with us so you are free to complete you private message.  ”She paused long enough for him to tell her what was in the undisclosed missive, but he didn’t so she left to walk around to the pond wondering what could be so private that he wouldn’t tell her.
Seymore went back up to the double door entrance to the library.  Inside he produced some old fashioned writing paper and a pair of envelopes.  He wrote to his brother:

Dear Valentino,
I’ll never be able to thank you enough for finding the image of Sarah.  It was wonderful to see and very reassuring as it means she is safe and continuing with her life at The Rim. I told Geralty and Mesa about the image and they are anxious to see it.
Toward that end, can you reduce the image to a hologram and give it to Geralty to bring it with him.  I am enclosing an envelope for just that purpose.  Please don’t tell him what it is as I want the surprise to include Mesa. This is going to be a treasure for all of us.
If there is the slightest problem, I am sending a Mercury message just before Geralty leaves for Middle Mind and you can send your concerns back using that messenger.
Thank you very much, brother dear.  The hologram will have an honored place here and bring us much joy.
Love always from your brother, Seymore

He folded the letter and the return envelope and put them in the envelope that he addressed to his brother.  He set it on the shelf of butterfly specimens and went to his study to look out and see what was going on at the pond. 
He looked out on a group of Mercury pieces and one cat having a perfectly wonderful time.  Mesa was again her sweet young woman who can fly. All had removed their shoes and socks and rolled up or held up their clothes and danced through the shallow water on the bank of the pond near the small dock.  They were probably the only former Mercury natives to ever frolic in pond shallows. He was almost tempted to join them.  Fred wanted no part of the water, but sat and watched from the dock with genuine curiosity as the play went on and on.
Jesmond seemed the most carefree of all and danced and jumped with delight; her laughter was like music.  Seymore really liked her and relished her sense of fun. Then he realized that he didn’t have a place to offer her that she could call her own.  Her first undertaking would be to cast herself as a desk to replace the one that was Mesa in the office.  Since it was to attract the watcher, he decided that it should be put in the atrium.  Maybe while Geralty was away he would allow her to use his room until he had a chance to come up with something for her.
He continued with his planning.  The Jesmond magic table would be different and smaller, no doubt, but if it was accessible to The Watcher it would be better to have the desk part of her permanently in the glass atrium since it was constructed from the same materials as the dome.  And Jesmond, like Mesa, would still be free to come and go.  If The Watcher wasn’t attracted to the new desk, maybe the desks could be exchanged. Or, better yet, it was possible to make the new desk irresistible to the big foggy eye by putting Sarah’s ring on it.  Seymore congratulated himself and was certain he had a solution for The Watcher.  One more step in the right direction he was sure.
He decided to join the merry makers and left by his outside door and walked toward the pond.  Everyone waved and yelled for him to join them. He waved back but declined their invitation.  Instead he picked up Fred who had come to meet him.  He sat on one of the benches shouting his own instructions and approval for the watery game.  The fun only ended when Geralty feel into the water and had to be treated to a dramatic faux rescue.
Mesa and Jesmond pushed and jostled Geralty as he left the water and all three fell onto the soft grass to more laughter and silliness. Geralty sat up, looked himself over and announced he was going to go to his room and clean up.  Fred followed him. Seymore thought to himself that Fred was not his cat any more.  He first lost him to Sarah and now he spent all his time with Geralty.
He turned to Jesmond and said, “We need to find a good place for you to call your own.   When I rearranged the cottage I made the office much larger by adding the front turret and I was thinking I would take the other end of the space and make a place that would be just yours.  The front part of the office has always belonged to Mesa and now that the turret is in place she has a perfect spot for her table self.  You’ll need a place for your table self as well.
“I’ll make a doorway from your new space that leads to the glass atrium and you can put your desk there.”  He turned to Mesa to see if she was in favor of this.  She looked genuinely delighted and added, “Seymore, I think you have hit on a perfect idea.  For now it would be nice, I think, to divide the room with a beautiful curtain or a pretty screen.  Maybe in time a new wall can be added.”  She turned to look at Jesmond whose eyes were warm and brimming with pleasure at this surprising news. She ran into Seymore’s arms and thanked him and then wrapped herself around Mesa and said how happy she was that she chose her.
Geralty came back around the corner from his room and Jesmond ran to him and danced along as she told him about her new room and the table in the atrium and how much she loved being at Seymore Place.  Then she shyly added that she was especially glad he was here as well.  Her enthusiasm was inspiring and Seymore turned to Mesa and said, “Could you come with me to the study, there are a few things I’d like to talk about.”
Mesa walked out to where Geralty and Jesmond were now sitting with Fred on the boat dock and told Jesmond when she was finished with her meeting with Seymore the two of them could go and make her new space just the way she wanted it.  She told them to stay dry and turned to join Seymore as he walked toward his back door to the study.
Inside Mesa returned to her schoolmarm visage and sat on the arm of the big leather chair and Seymore sat at his desk.  Mesa said, “That is a really fine idea about putting the new desk in the atrium.  Do you think the eye will be attracted to it?”
Seymore said, “If I put Sarah’s ring on top of it I’m certain it will.  ”He really enjoyed Mesa’s exclamation, “Good idea!  ”Then he continued, “I have a hunch that the intelligent light that is in the dome may not know that it is looking for Sarah, just someone like Sarah.  Someone it can help. I’m going to do more thinking about that, but it may be what Psyche meant when she said that the light knows what it’s doing.  If that’s true then the desk is going to be its center of activity.  Our stranded light could play a significant role in helping travelers return to The Rim.  But, as I said, I still need to think that idea all the way through.
“In the meantime, we need to at least start on the Beach House.  I have the plans and I think we can manage the force field together, though we probably should wait until we have the marker for the incoming holograms before the force field is activated.  Or maybe I’m ahead of myself.  ”He thought that was right, that he was ahead of himself and he asked, “Does Geralty know exactly what to do to get your Mercury Band functional?  ”He seemed to be highly energized and Mesa wondered if having Jesmond at Seymore Place had brought the new enthusiasm.  Whatever it was, it was good to see and she sensed that they would now move easily toward overcoming the last hurdles to completion of the station even though there was a lot to learn.
Mesa replied, “As soon as I’ve arranged a few things for Jesmond and set a few tasks for her to handle I’ll review the Mercury Band with Geralty.  I had originally thought to put our part of the installation in the office, but now I think that having it in one of the cupboards in the library is better and more central.  Doesn’t that sound better to you?”
Seymore nodded that it did and said that while she was helping Jesmond he would go over helping him with the last details of the band she could send the message off to Valentino. He said he would like to have the Beach House finished before Geralty left.  Mesa agreed and they went to take the next important steps in their still incomplete and unclear plan.  Seymore stopped in the library to pick up the personal message for Valentino so Geralty would be sure to have it when he left.

Chapter 21
Steps Forward
 
Seymore found Geralty at his desk where Fred lay stretched out on one corner his tail tapping time to some inner tune. He asked Geralty, “Are you about ready to make your trip to Middle Mind?  ”Geralty said he was very excited to make the trip. Seymore handed him the envelope for Valentino and told him, “This is a personal communication for my brother and I trust you to be sure only Valentino receives it.”
Geralty was again aware of Seymore’s growing trust in him and said he would be certain that it arrived in Valentino’s hands.  Then he asked, “I’m not sure what to expect.  Is Middle Mind very large and where will I land?  How will I find Valentino?”
“I’m going to have you transport using my marker and I have adjusted it slightly so you should land in Valentino’s office. If you should land in my office, just leave by the inner door as that leads to Valentino’s space. The Meddlers are using my office and I’d rather you didn’t bother them, if my setting is off and you like near them simply be courteous and go on through to see Valentino.  The Meddlers are very busy with a big assignment that will eventually be very useful to us thanks to Valentino.
“I’ve impressed a message for Valentino that Mesa will send just before you leave so you will be expected and welcome.  My brother will provide what you need and you’ll find he is charming and generous.  After you have the band hooked up and tested he’ll most likely introduce you to the assistants who will be sending us the holograms and there will probably be some kind of tour.  When you’re ready to return, Valentino will provide you with a marker for the holograms to focus on that we are going to install in the new Beach House.  I’ll finish the new building before you leave. He’ll also give you an envelope that looks just like the one I gave you that is a personal message for me.  It is quite important to Seymore Place and I’ll be glad to have it.
“Is there anything else you would like to know?” Seymore was sitting quietly in one of the casual chairs that Geralty had created for his room.  Geralty watched him for a moment and then said, “I am so proud to be able to do this for Seymore Place and you, Seymore.  I’m very lucky and I won’t let you down.  ”His sincerity was moving and when Seymore rose to go, he took Geralty by the shoulders and told him, “You are exceedingly special, Geralty, and I am the lucky one.  ”He gave him a warm embrace and excused himself.
Seymore went into his study and closed all the doors, sat in his office chair and turned so he could look out the window at the pond. He was very happy and everything seemed very right.  During his conversation with Geralty he noticed how his new responsibilities were reflected in his stature and demeanor; he seemed to gain confidence and maturity with each new assignment. Just the prospect of going to Middle Mind seemed to have produced a growth spurt.
 Even without knowing exactly how; he knew that Seymore Place would be completed very soon.  He could feel the answers to his questions very near by and now felt that he could relax and just let them show up. 
He decided that he would rely on the intelligence that was obvious in the great light to tell him what he needed to know and that it wouldn’t be something that he couldn’t accommodate. Once the Mercury band, hologram transfer, atrium desk and new beach construction were finished the light’s knowledge would surely show itself. He felt very confident. 
He decided to check on Mesa and went out through the hall by the atrium.  He glanced into the glass room and was surprised to see a lovely table.  It had four legs and a kidney shaped top with the same colors and slow-motion on top as Mesa’s.  Obviously Mesa and Jesmond were making progress.  He continued on to the library and across to the old office.
There were more changes.  The room was now divided by a beautiful screen of exotic characters on heavy silk brocade and Mesa’s table was now situated in the center of the turret room with four redesigned magic chairs neatly placed around it. She had added a seat under the center of the window, with a winged back chair on one side and a fainting couch on the other.  There was now a brocade valance around the top of the bay window and an elaborate dream catcher hung in the pane closest to the dome.
He called Mesa’s name and she answered from behind the screen on Jesmond’s end of the room. She called back for him to come and see their progress.  He walked around the screen. The area was all in lovely pastels and featured a stack of big floor pillows, a small loveseat and a desk with a matching chair under the windows that looked out to the Weedy Field on one side and into the atrium on the other.
Mesa said, “Seymore, we need for you to create a doorway to the atrium next to the window.  We’ll take the curtains away, if you can make that small remodel for us.” He gladly accommodated and created a door that matched the French doors on the other side. As an afterthought he made it a Dutch door.  He couldn’t imagine why it would be good to have a Dutch door, but he didn’t change it.
He turned to look at Mesa and said, “If this is OK I think you should stabilize it right away because it is so close to the dome.  I’m not sure why, but I think it’s important. And, while I’m at it, would you like the window that looks out over the field to be larger?  The field is going to be improved and it will provide a nice view.”
Mesa immediately stabilized the new door and Jesmond said a slightly larger window would be good.  She was beaming over her new space sitting on her newly created love seat and gently bouncing up and down in excitement.
When Seymore finished the window increase and Mesa had made it stable, he excused himself and went to the library and sat at the round oak table.  He rolled out the Beach House plans to give them one last review before he began construction.  It wasn’t a big house.  It was actually just one large room with big windows on both of the long sides, one side facing the water illusion and the other looked out over the meadow.  It would sit on top of the dunes and have porches that integrated with the low roof line.  The other two sides would be used at anchors for the force field that he would eventually extend to cover all of the shoreline and well into the lower part of the woods on either end of the beach. He duplicated the handsome French door that he made for the atrium. One pair of doors led to the beach and was in the center between large windows.  The other side had the same doors at the end nearest the bottom of the lane and he had added a wide path that connected to it. He wasn’t sure if it was exactly right, but he needed to create a permanent place for the hologram equipment Geralty would bring back from Middle Mind.  Mesa’s opinion might make for some changes as well.
He was deep in thought about the plans when Mesa sat down across from him. She was again in her schoolmarm mode and she had several announcements.  “Jesmond is a very happy Mercury scrap and is sure this is the best place in the entire Support System in which we all serve.  ”Mesa chuckled and shook her head in appreciation of Jesmond’s point of view.  “She’s all set and is going to watch out for both her magic table and my magic desk and will let us know right away if the big friendly eye shows up.  I told her all about the Watcher and she wanted to go find it right away.  I told her that you would arrange that if you thought it was a good idea”
Then, looking pensive, she said, “I haven’t mentioned anything to Jesmond about Sarah as I hardly know where to start.  Would you give it some thought and give me your best ideas.  I don’t know how to explain how an earthgirl rode in on a big white light without sounding outrageous.  There are times when I have a hard time believing it really happened.  Sarah was definitely very real and very wonderful.  But it’s hard to explain to someone who wasn’t there.”
Seymore smiled knowing that when his surprise arrived with Geralty’s return it would still be a very complex explanation but Sarah’s image might make it easier.  It would certainly make it more real, even to Mesa.  But he was in a one-bridge-at-a-time state of mind and the Beach House was next on his agenda. 
“Sarah is hard to explain, and I’ll give it some thoughts, but for now Geralty is very excited to leave on his trip and he needs some oversight on the band.  You’re the only one that can do that.  When you know that everything’s OK, please send my message to Valentino.  ”He paused for a moment, smiled, and added, “And let’s have a little event to send our Geralty on his way.”
Mesa smiled and left to go put the finishing touches on the band connections and make sure Geralty was really ready for his first big trip on his own.  She would definitely think of a good way to wish him well.  Geralty was making great gains and seemed to develop and expand with each step in all his undertakings.  He was a young man these days; the boy part of him had been absorbed in his new maturity.
Geralty had done a first class job for the band and everything was in place and ready to be attached so it could be activated when the first signal from Middle Mind arrived. She told him that it was going to go into the library instead of the office which was now not the office but space that she and Jesmond called their own.  They gathered up all the connectors and went back to the library. Seymore was gone and so were his plans and she saw him walking down the lane toward the shore.
They opened the large cupboard on the wall opposite the entrance moved a few things to other shelves to make room and then planned where to put everything for the band.  When they had settled on placements, Mesa asked Geralty, “Will you finish and test all the connections while I go down to help Seymore with the creation of the new Beach House?  ”He quickly nodded his agreement and turned to his work.  Mesa left by the double doors, hurried down the path, past the picnic table and when she reached the lane she changed to the young girl with wings and flew down to the top of the dunes where Seymore was surveying the area to position the new structure.
She lightly landed; Seymore was glad to see her and said so. He was ready to begin forming the new building and knew exactly where to put it.  He turned to Mesa and said, “I’m going to put the house here on this highest dune so that it’s easy to see the entire length of the beach on one side and all the way up the meadow to the cottage on the other.  All we need to do right now is construct the building so there is a reliable place to put the set up for the holograms that Geralty will be bringing back from Middle Mind.  I’m not sure exactly where to place it yet, but we’ll have a better idea once the house is finished.  I don’t think we want to stabilize anything yet because we have things to add later and may have to make a change or two before we are satisfied.  Are you ready?”
Mesa said that she was and stood a ways away from Seymore.  He first laid out the foundation along the long sides on each side of the dune and leveled the dune to match the highest point of the supports and then added the ends. He stopped and turned to Mesa.  “Is that about the right size?” Mesa said she had no idea.  He frowned and decided to make it bigger.  When it was about half again as large he turned again to Mesa and asked her how that was.  She said it was definitely roomy and added that if in the future they needed more space they could add on or add a second story.
Satisfied with that answer, he added the flooring and the walls all around; windows and doors came next, the ceilings slid into place to support the two long porches on each side and then laid a roof of red tiles over everything. He stopped and took a long look at his achievement so far.
Mesa volunteered that it was exceptional.  Then she asked him if he was finished.  He said that he wasn’t and added the wide path from the meadow side door and extended it to the bottom of the lane.  Then he turned and said, “I am finished for now!  Let’s take a tour and make sure that there’s nothing to be cleaned up or tweaked and then we can go send Geralty on his way.  Have you thought of anything for his send off?  The only thing I could think of was a big hug and a slap on he back.  I know you can do better than that.  ”He looked at Mesa and she just laughed and said, “Anyone can do better than that!  ”Then they both laughed.
They walked down the path to the meadow-side door and down the porch, around the far end and back down the porch on the other side and around the end to the door, entered and admired the hardwood floors, beautiful light and the paned windows and the view out over the beach. Mesa said, “Seymore, it looks like a ballroom.  Is that what you intended. He said it wasn’t but maybe she could dress it up a bit.  He said that he didn’t think the holograms were going to notice or care what it looked like.
They turned and left taking the new path to the bottom of the lane. As they walked toward the cottage, Mesa told Seymore that she had an idea for Geralty’s send off and that if he’d go fetch him and bring him out by the pond she’s get Jesmond and meet them there.  She asked him, “Can you be ready to say how much everyone will miss him?  I’ll have a small surprise as well.”
Mesa went to her space and called for Jesmond who immediately peeked around the end of the screen.  Mesa went to her table and extracted three small bright red cellophane packets.  She handed one to Jesmond and said, “This is star dust confetti that we are going to use to send Geralty off on his trip to Middle Mind.  ”Jesmond immediately looked crestfallen and Mesa added, “He won’t be gone long and is very excited about going, so perk up and be happy for him.  This is his first big adventure on his own.”
She took Jesmond’s hand and they went down the hall and out the back door next to Geralty’s room. They turned the corner of the cottage and saw Seymore and Geralty sitting on one of the benches looking out over the pond. As they came up to them Mesa asked Geralty if he was ready. He quickly stood and the look on his face told the whole story; he was nearly levitating with anticipation.
Seymore sat next to him and put his arm around his shoulder.  Mesa handed Seymore one of the packets and he looked at Geralty and said, “We’ll miss you, Geralty, and trust you to take good care of yourself and return as soon as you can.”  Geralty smiled and watched as Seymore set the marker down for him.  As he did Mesa and Jesmond opened their packets and Seymore followed their lead. The beautiful star dust escaped sparkling and glittering as it filled the air with dancing light and iridescence.  Geralty laughed, touched the transport disc and was on his way.

Chapter 22
Filling in the Blanks

Geralty landed at Middle Mind without incident; but at first he wasn’t sure where he was.  It was definitely an office and there were several desks, all seemed to be in use, but he was alone.  There was an inner door though and that told him that this must be Seymore’s office.  He opened the door and looked in the next room.  It was occupied by The Meddlers and Geralty quickly shut the door before he was noticed.
Apparently he had landed in the right place.  He went over to a table with chairs and sat down, set the envelope addressed to Valentino on the table and waited to see who would find him.  He looked around at the big office and admired the handsome wood panels, long shelves of books behind glass and the heavy mahogany desks.  There was a very high ceiling with rosettes and two elegant Perspex glass globes hung on brass link chains from the center of each.  The high arched windows allowed light to stream in and fill the room.  The room felt wise and safe.  His observations ended as he heard a door open.
 The three newcomers were laughing and talking and at first didn’t notice him.  He wasn’t sure who they were but they seemed to belong here and he guessed they were the assistants that Seymore had talked about.  When they finally noticed him, the tallest said, “Hello.  How did you get here?” and, before he could answer, he went on, “Coming from a party, are we?  You’ve got all kinds of shiny stuff in your hair!”
Geralty smiled but refused to be embarrassed and said, “Well, yes I did come from a little party.  Seymore arranged for me to use his transport marker and he and my friends at ES360 had a little send-off for me.”
The assistants’ attention quickly focused and they each straightened themselves and smiled and the same tall one said, “You’re Geralty! Wow, we are really glad to see you.  We’re your assistants while you’re with us, which we hope will be a good while by the way.  I’m Nolan, this is Celic and the short one is Lyric” Geralty shook hands with each in turn, smiling and making sure he remembered their names. Nolan continued, “We were just down at the transition area to see if the holograms we projected were appearing OK and, as luck would have it, they are.  We’re practicing so we can easily cast them and send them on to your station.  ”He paused and Geralty didn’t know what to say, so he just nodded like Seymore does when he’s not sure what’s next.
Lyric was a very tall, slender young woman who walked over to him and said, “We could take you on a tour of Middle Mind.  You’ve never been here before, have you?  ”Geralty quickly answered that he hadn’t and that a tour was an excellent idea, but that he wanted to see Valentino first as he had some personal information and messages for him. Lyric quickly stepped back and looked chagrinned.  So Geralty quickly added, “After that I’m all yours and we can tour anything and everything, I hope.” 
Lyric brightened and said, “Valentino was at the transition area, but I could send him a message.  ”Just as she said that Valentino walked in the door, instantly recognized who his visitor was and walked over and shook his hand. “We have been looking for you.  We got Seymore’s message earlier and this crew has been on pins and needles ever since.  I assume you have met your assistants.” He said he had and Valentino said that they were at his beck and call for the entire time he was at Middle Mind.  Whatever he needed was their job to provide.
Valentino gave the three lively assistants an I-hope-you-are-listening look over his half-glasses and guided Geralty over to the front of the office under the big windows to his desk and they sat down.  Valentino began, “Seymore is so proud of you and what you have accomplished for ES360.He also said in his message that you are carrying a personal message to give me.  ”Geralty went and picked the letter up from the table top and handed it to Valentino.  He thanked Geralty for bringing it and went to his desk to slip it into the top drawer.
Then he said, “I have had a desk and chair set up for you in the front near me so you’ll have a place of your own.  ”He led Geralty over to the corner nearest the door to point out an elegant dark cherry desk with a satiny finish and a matching square craftsman rolling chair.  The set was not large, but still grand in its own way.  Geralty sat in the chair and put his hand on the table palms down.  He materialized a green felt desk pad, some pens and a pad of paper.  All that practice in the big meadow with Mesa had paid off.
He looked the desk over and opened a few drawers, turned to Valentino and said, “This is really wonderful.  Seymore told me you are a generous, but this is unexpected and really appreciated.” He stood and spontaneously hugged Valentino who seemed both surprised and pleased.
Nothing went unnoticed by the assistants and their respect for the famous brothers was extended to Geralty as they watched him with Valentino. They knew that their temporary assignment to help in the communications and transfers for ES360 was exceptional and each intended to make the most of it.  Any one of them would have loved to change places with Geralty.  Next best was working for him.
Geralty was only vaguely aware of the pedestal that the assistants were building under him and was much more interested in the tour of Middle Mind and completing his own assignments for the benefit of Seymore Place.  But he did want to have a good relationship with everyone that he would be working with so he heeded Valentino’s instructions and vowed to make the most of the coming tour and remain level headed. 
He and Valentino went back to the three assistants’ desks at the back of the office and Valentino told them, “Geralty is all yours for a grand tour, but treat him well and bring him back safely because he has important work to do while he’s at Middle Mind.  ”Valentino patted Geralty on the back, and with eyes twinkling with mischief wished him, “Good Luck!”
Geralty waited for a moment as the assistants gathered around him and then simply said, “Let’s go!”
Celic asked if Geralty could fly.  Before he could answer Lyric said, “Of course he can, he’s a Mercury fragment.  ”He smiled and told them he could fly but hadn’t for a while so he might be clumsy at first; he didn’t correct them that he was a Mercury pattern not a fragment.  There was a difference but it didn’t seem important at the moment.
They all walked out of the office into a long elegant corridor and out the big doors at the end on to the campus.  Geralty was already impressed and said so.  Nolan told him, in his best tour director style, “The campus is a collection of architecture and landscaping from academic memories of transitioners as well as those of Seymore and Valentino from their last tour at The Rim.  Everyone loves to come here because it was so solid and reassuring.” Celic interjected, “All of us are usually stationed in the transition area of Middle Mind. Being posted, even temporarily, in this area is a real coup for everyone.  Then to get to work with someone from the famous station on top of that is stupendous.  ”Everyone agreed and again Geralty hardly knew what to say so he simply thanked them and said he was in awe of the place himself.
They all leaned forward and pushed off to fly low under the old trees following Nolan down a path that lead to the entrance of the Transition Zone. At the entrance Nolan signaled for everyone to land and they settled in a small paved area near the gate.  Nolan turned to Geralty and said, “We’re not allowed to fly in the Transition Zone.  It’s not good for those transitioning to see such thing ahead of time and most of the transitioners near the entrance just arrived and may not yet recognize that they have shifted out of The Rim.”
As they walked through the gate, Nolan showed his pass and handed one to Geralty who did the same. Celic said, “We don’t have many guests here. Most are simply moving to arenas where they can make new choices.  Everyone in this area is still projecting their individual chosen environment brought with them from The Rim.  They will eventually want to move to the next stage.  There are a number of different choices and we can’t show you all of them, but we got access from Valentino to show you where Seymore was so successful and to the areas where transitioners leave Middle Mind for parallel positions or support stations.”
It was clear that Celic was well informed. They were using mental communication, but Geralty decided to reply in real sound and see what happened. He asked, “Celic, what are parallel positions and support stations?” Celic didn’t seem to notice the change in communication method but Geralty could tell that Lyric did.  Celic easily answered, “Parallel positions are for those who return to Middle Mind after transitioning to play roles and help recreate circumstances that move personalities toward completing their transitions.  They are invaluable to the terraformers like Seymore since they add authenticity to the recreations of the transitioner’s environment by actually creating familiar situation that are being evaluated by the individual making a transition  .The support stations are sort of like ES360 but none are as creative or inventive as what Seymore has done.  Mercury Place and the Psyche Essence are both Support Stations, important ones, and there are lots more.  They all have different purposes and are dedicated to supporting The Rim’s pure creativity. As you know, it’s the only place for original creation.  Even here we can’t create the full measure of magic that happens at The Rim.  Wish we could.”
Geralty said, “I haven’t been to The Rim, but I had the honor of meeting someone from The Rim and was deeply impressed.  ”They looked at him with even more respect.  Geralty wished instantly that he hadn’t said that for fear he would be asked to explain about Sarah and he didn’t want to do that and, in fact, would avoid it. He quickly changed the subject.
“How do you know where a transitioner is in the process?  Do they tell you?” He really was quite curious about transitioning as it was a vital function to the entire support system.  Lyric said, “A transitioner is moving through when they give up their Rim image either all at once or in stages and can levitate. It’s really obvious and as soon as that happens they naturally gravitates to the area where Valentino and Seymore do their incredible work. Or at least they used to.  When Seymore left, a group of his personal assistants took over the terraforming and Valentino is still the oversight for the parallels and returning personalities.  ”She stopped and they all walked along in silence and Geralty took in everything in the busy area.
Nolan said, “Seymore is often missed here.  He has incredible abilities and enormous personal powers.  They are going to add at least two more assistants to the team that took his place.  I’m hoping to be one of them.” 
Geralty didn’t say anything.  He was not sure what to make of Nolan’s ambitions, but he was again deeply impressed with the reputation and standing of his mentor.  He looked at Lyric and she seemed to understand his thoughts.  He smiled and she gave him a fleeting glance that said he was right.
The group was walking at a fair clip and it wasn’t long before they left the initial transition area behind.  Ahead was an enormous panorama of every sort of terrain; mountains, meadows, lakes, shore lines and every manner of house and building.  They were standing along a concrete ledge with a strong railing that was an observation area. The view stretched for what seemed an eternity and was in places curling in on itself and changing.  Geralty asked “What is this?” Nolan answered, “This is the current terraformations that are being used to complete transitions.  Everyone here has shed their image and now can levitate in order to move from place to place.  At this point the personalities are essence with no image of any kind.  The scenery is designed and redesigned to accommodate their mental images and situations that are being cleared up and understood so the individuals can move to the last stage of making a new choice .When a new choice is completed an image will be expressed. This is one of my favorite places. I can stand here forever watching the changes being created by the terraformers.  I think it’s wonderful!”
Geralty was also impressed and understood a great deal more about Seymore’s remodel of the cottage and his collaboration with Mesa in creating the beach house area.  He was now pretty sure that he had the best position anywhere in the Support System.
They continued for a long time walking slowly along the railing and watched storms, volcanoes, car crashes, and all manner of events being formed and reformed for the invisible transitioners.  Eventually, Celic said, “Let’s move on. There are lots more to see.” 
Geralty had had enough as well and turned with Lyric to follow Celic.  Nolan could hardly drag himself away from the terraforming, but finally caught up.  He asked, “Where do you want to go next, Celic?” and without pausing said, “I choose R&R.”
Geralty said, “What are the options?  ”Lyric piped up and said, “Besides R&R we can go anywhere but to Support Service since they are always at the various 
Support Stations not at Middle Mind.  Or you can choose Selection Services, Preservation, Orientation and Reorientation.”
Geralty looked at her and said in sounds, “I’ll tell you what.  You tell me what all those places are and I’ll choose.” She smiled and just like Sarah she was instantly prettier. She began, “Well, R&R is Recap and Records where those who are finished with the transition process go to review and re-establish where they are in relation to their chosen purposes.  They record the progress they have made and how they made it. It’s quite easy as they have fully clarified their experience in the transition processes before they reach R&R.
“When they have done that, they can go to Orientation to train to be a Parallel and return to Middle Mind transitions to help others do what they have just completed.  Or they can choose Reorientation to prepare for immediate return to The Rim; not so many of those right now, and we’re not sure why.  Selection Services is for those who are either permanently or temporarily by-passing both Middle Mind and The Rim and choosing positions at stations where vacancies are available and there are usually lots wanting to move to entirely new environments. Selection Services is just a chance to review what’s available and ask for either a chance to audit or request a placement; sort of an employment agency for the Support Stations.
“Sometimes a few bypass R&R and to go Preservation.  We haven’t had one of those for a long time so it’s basically inactive and just a storage place for what’s been saved. There are some transitioners who have completed a purpose or they have reached such creative levels that it is essential to preserve everything about their achievements. All the data and examples are retained at Preservation.” Lyric looked at Geralty and waited to see what his choice would be.
“That’s a lot to choose from, but I choose Preservation.  I understand there’s nothing going on there, but I’d like to see what has been saved.  ”His three companions all looked slightly surprised and couldn’t completely hide their disappointment.  Geralty turned to Lyric and said, “Lead on!”
She quickly turned around and they walked to the beginning of the terraformations area and then took a path up through a grove of alders that reminded Geralty of the alder woods at Seymore Place.  For a brief moment he was homesick.  After a short distance an impressive, flat, round adobe building was visible.  It was solid, quiet and almost seemed to float in the wooded atmosphere. They went to the entrance and it was open.  It led to an inner court yard that had a few stone benches and a collection of fabulous alabaster sculpture.  Looking around the edge of the court yard there were 12 separate sides each had a floor to ceiling window facing the courtyard that allowed for a clear view of the contents of each section.
Geralty moved to one of the windows and looked in to see a wall of books and records and a few miniatures of great machines.  He didn’t recognize any of them or know what they were for. In the next window he saw more records and fabulous paintings sitting on and around easels.  All of the windows revealed an amazing collection and library of samples and displays of concepts, invention, philosophies and talents.
They were the only visitors.  No one had said a word since they had entered the path to the building. Geralty, using sound now exclusively, said, “Why is no one here using this fabulous treasure house?  ”There was no immediate response and suggested no one knew the answer.  Lyric finally spoke and said, “These are all from what at The Rim is called The Past. We don’t know what that is so we aren’t able to make anything of it.  No one has yet figured out what to do with The Past. It’s one of those magical things that The Rim has created that we are still trying to figure out so we can take advantage of it.”
Geralty thought for a few minutes then said, “I see, then let’s go to R&R and see if there is something there to learn and use to our advantage.” Everybody laughed and they all turned and hurried out of the silent storehouse; but Geralty took one last, long look. There was something about The Past that intrigued him.  And it always would.

Chapter 23
More Blank Filling

 Nolan was leading the way at a fast pace and after retracing their steps and returning to the main entrance, they left the processing area and instead of turning toward the famous campus they went in the other direction toward a group of tall wide nondescript boxlike buildings. There was a main door along a wide paved passageway.  They went in, showed their passes and went to the elevators which took them up one floor.  They stepped out on to a mezzanine and looked out over the railing.  Below, the refreshed and renewed transitioners were becoming familiar with their improved understanding of their purpose revisions and refinements.  As they experimented with expressing their next endeavor they created, changed and adopted images searching for the one they deemed suitable.  Then they moved to an area to commit to their new choices and image selection.  It wasn’t a hard process and everyone seemed to find it both engaging and pleasant.  All were preparing to embark on a new adventure with new found enthusiasm, purpose and identities.  The air was charged with the energy of embarking on an adventure.
Geralty turned to Nolan and asked, “Is that it, they review the transition process, make sure they understand their results, choose what they want going forward, choose a new image and proceed to their next step.  ”Nolan looked at Geralty and chuckled, “Well, you are definitely a quick study!  That’s it exactly!  ”Geralty smiled and said, “OK, then what’s next?”
“I’ll let you in on a little secret,” Nolan enjoined, “the rest of the stuff is very short on excitement, nothing like terraforming.  ”He gave Geralty a winning smile, hoping, no doubt, that Geralty would see it his way and they’d return to Seymore’s old stomping grounds.  Instead, Geralty said, “I want to see both Orientation and Reorientation, as that will just about make for a complete tour, won’t it?” 
He turned to Lyric and said, “Please tell me again the difference between being oriented and reoriented.  ”She retold her versions of the two different undertakings as she led them out of the big box building and back down the pathway to the transition entrance.  This time she turned toward the campus and about half-way back to the office building she turned toward two large identical brick edifices with a sidewalk separating in a Y leading to two matching entrances.  One was for those who chose to return to The Rim and needed to be reoriented to either a completely new life or were continuing with a previous purpose and would reincarnate at The Rim.  The other was for those who chose to be a Parallel and assist those in the transition process.  They would be staying at Middle Mind and were taught the flexibility of imaging to suit the thoughts of another. Geralty could understand that, but didn’t say so.
Instead he asked, “Where’s the best place to start?” Celic, who had been silent for a long time said he really liked Orientation because it was so closely related to the core work of Middle Mind and actually had been helpful in their work with the holograms.  He suggested that it might be helpful to Geralty as well since as a Mercury fragment he already knew and understood the concepts of Orientation.  He smiled sincerely at Geralty who promptly thanked him and said he was right about his familiarity with imaging in tune with others positions and ideas.
They all proceeded to the Orientation entrance and went through the double glass doors. Passes were again presented and inspected and they went to the end of a corridor to a large auditorium where a welcoming class was being held for those who chose this path after transitioning.
The crowd was enthusiastic and responded quickly and easily to the instructor. The class mostly covered an overview of the various courses that were available pertaining to the phases of transition that were conducted at Middle Mind.  It was also explained that assignment after completing Orientation was long-term and that a high level of commitment was required in addition to mastery of the course work.  When the instructor was finished, the entire audience of about 200 individuals stood, applauded and shouted their approval.  With enthusiasm they filed out of the auditorium to find their various class sites.  The four tourists were left to their own thoughts about what they had just seen and heard. 
Geralty said, “Well, that was a very enthusiastic group and the instructor clearly knows his business. I’m impressed.  ”Everyone smiled and Lyric said, “Let’s visit Reorientation and see if anyone showed up for the current openings.” Geralty was puzzled by her pessimism, though she had said earlier that not many transitioners were showing up for Reorientation.
They left the building and walked across the court yard to its twin, again presented their passes and went the length of the hallway and into an auditorium.  There were five people in the front rows.  They all had unusual images that were obviously temporary because if they were going back to The Rim they would arrive as brand new babies and they could create original images there. Despite the small group gathered in the big auditorium, the instructor spoke with enthusiasm and covered all the high point of the courses that were required before return to The Rim was possible.  When he was finished there were a number of questions from the transitioners and he patiently answered all of them in detail.  To Geralty it was very interesting and he wondered if it would ever be possible for him to qualify for a tour at The Rim.
The small group left the auditorium to begin their instruction and the quartet left the building and walked back to the path that led to the Administrative Office Building. No one spoke until they neared the entry.  Then Geralty asked, “Why do so few choose to return to The Rim?”
After a pause while the assistants seriously considered the question, Celic replied, “It’s hard to know. Sometimes nearly all of the transitioners want to return to The Rim, but right now there’s only a few, as you saw. We think it’s because there are disruptions at The Rim.  It is always complex as creativity there is irrevocably linked to free will and it is active all the time.  It’s another one of those things we haven’t yet figured out.  ”Geralty had a fleeting thought and wondered if the small crowd desiring return to The Rim was somehow connected to The Past.
They were just at the door to Valentino’s office and Geralty paused and said, “Thank you all for a wonderful tour.  It was much more than I expected and I really learned a lot. I couldn’t have had better company.” They all beamed and grinned and said they were pleased and honored to have been a part of his introduction to Middle Mind. Then Nolan opened the door and held it for all to enter.
Valentino rose to meet them and asked, “How was the tour?  ”Geralty and Nolan both said it was a first class tour and that they were now prepared to get some work done for ES360.Valentino looked pleased and asked, “I’d like to set up a trial run of the transfer of the holograms while Geralty and I take care of a few small business matters.  ”He motioned Geralty to join him at his new desk.  Valentino sat on the occasional chair close by and faced the wall.  Geralty was sure it was so the assistants couldn’t tell what he was saying.
“Geralty, I have the hologram marker ready for you to take back to ES360 and have also taken the code and set it in your desk in the top drawer.  When we are all set up, your desk here in my office will be the sending station for the holograms and will be where they land when you return them.  While you’re here I’m going to show you how to use the hologram transfer system so you can teach Mesa and Jesmond.  You can also explain it to my beloved brother, but he will be slow to actually participate in the process.  He’s never been keen on technology of any kind.  I also have a personal message for you to take back to Seymore.  He’ll be glad to have it.” Geralty noticed that he said exactly what Seymore had about the message he brought for Valentino. He wondered what it was.
Geralty asked, “Where is the receiving station going to be for the Mercury Band?  We have it set up at ES360 and Mesa gave me a test message to suspend here so that when she activates it using her private codes it will hook in automatically, but it has to be very close to the receiver.”
Valentino nodded that he understood and responded, “The assistants have everything in place in one of the glass cabinets.  Do you have any preference for who the official operator will be on this side?”
Geralty thought for a moment and said that Lyric would be his preference.  Valentino agreed and said, “A perfect choice in my opinion.  Let’s go set it up right now.” They walked to the back of the office to the assistants’ area.  Valentino announced, “Geralty has everything prepared at ES360 for the Mercury band and has brought the suspension message. We can make the connections, send the trial signal and when Geralty is back at ES360 he will send the activation signal to capture the suspended hook up and we’ll be in business.” 
He paused and looked out at his assistants over his half-glasses. “And remember this band is the private property of a Mercury fragment and not for personal use.  The only thing you can use it for is to occasionally dial in for the communication stream from Mercury Place.” He stopped and turned to Geralty and asked is he was ready to suspend the message.  He said he was.
Celic opened the glass shelf where the connection was all set up and Geralty entered Mesa’s code.  He then suspended the message in the space above the connection where it would be fast and easy for the ES360 transmission to grab it.   Geralty closed the cabinet and turned to his assistants and said, “Best to not open this again until you see the signal that I have made the connection from Seymore Place.  Then you, Lyric, can answer and it will grab the suspended message to make the band stable long term.” 
Geralty looked over at Lyric and smiled.  What he had just said told her that she was being offered a long-term position in Valentino’s office.  The look on her face said she was very pleased. Her fellow assistants were both happy for her but knew that when Geralty left they would most likely return to the Transition Zone. 
Geralty turned to Celic and asked, “Is the trial run of the hologram transfer ready?  ”Celic said it was and he could execute it right now. Geralty responded, “Let’s use my new desk at the front of the office since it’s already set up to both send and received the holograms.  ”Celic and Geralty moved to the desk and Celic quickly extracted and cast the hologram.  It was easily done using a small screen that was designed to integrate with the log of images.  Using a few key strokes the image was sent through a lens to the top of the desk and automatically folded into a small card.  That was slipped into the transport device that Valentino had installed in the desk drawer.
When he was finished placing the hologram in the device Celic said. “When I activate the transport it will hook only to your receiving station as ES360.The transporter we are sending back with you will always link to this handsome desk wherever it is at Middle Mind.  That gives us some flexibility and assures uninterrupted service.” 
Geralty asked if anything like this had ever been used before.  Celic said he didn’t think so, and there was not going to be any proof that it worked until Geralty had the specially coded transporter in place at ES360.Geralty whispered, “Genius!” and Celic grinned.  It was Celic who had created the design for the special transporter as well as the coding for the image extractor. 
Geralty asked Celic, “What will I need to return the holograms to the small card in order to send them back to you?  ”He hoped that his phrasing would give Celic an indication that he would most likely be continuing in his position.  Celic looked like he might have noticed the hint but he went on, “When a hologram arrives it will be in card form.  You can slide that into the set up we are sending with you and it will imprint the coding so that you have a record to use for the return trip.  You can then enhance the card to a full size hologram. When you do that the card will disappear. When you are ready to make the return of a hologram, you use the copy of the original image to return it to us. Even if you change the image the original coding will not be altered and that’s all we want back.  On the return trip you are not sending a hologram only the coding.  We still have the original image and only want to reattach the coding to it after its return.  Without the coding we can’t re-access the image. The hologram and whatever changes you made to it will eventually fall away and return to your atmosphere or you can use any form of imaging to facilitate that if you want it to happen faster.”
Geralty looked puzzled and Celic added, “When you return and we have established a working connection, I think we should send a few images as holograms and then return them until we are very sure of what we are doing and that we have created the results we want.” Now it was clear that Celic knew that he would likely be in charge of the hologram transfers.  Geralty was glad.
And he said, “Great, if you’ll get everything together so I can take it with me we can go over it again before I leave.  In the meantime, I have a few things I would like to ask Valentino.” He turned and walked to Valentino’s desk and stood nearby waiting to be noticed.  Valentino didn’t look up from his work but said, “What’s on your mind, Geralty? Sit down and tell me.”
Geralty sat in the chair at one side of Valentino’s desk.  He began, “I have really enjoyed meeting and getting to know the assistants you assigned for my visit here. I think that Lyric is a natural to manage the Mercury band and Celic’s genius is obvious in the system he has created for the hologram transfers.  I’d like for both of them to stay here to handle those jobs.  Is that possible?”
Valentino answered, “It certainly is.  Seymore was so right, you are very special.  You picked up on the nature of their talents right away. But tell me, what about Nolan?”
Geralty looked steadily at Valentino and mulled over the question.  He said, “I’d like to spend a little more time with Nolan before I answer.  I want to go back to Preservation with him and have a longer look around.  ”Valentino said that was fine and he’d see him when he got back. Geralty rose and went to the assistants’ area.
He said to Nolan, “Would you take a little time to go with me to Preservation, I’d like to have another look around and I’m not quite sure exactly how to get there.  We can fly, if you like?  ”Nolan was quick to say he’d be glad to go with Geralty and flying would make the short trip even better. They left through the door near Geralty’s desk and went out on to the campus, leaped into the air and Nolan led them straight cross the campus flying just above the trees until they could see the round building in the distance.  They slowed and carefully landed among the statuary in the center courtyard.  It was as beautiful and intriguing as Geralty remembered.
He asked Nolan to walk with him around the full circle of the courtyard and look at the contents of every window.  While Nolan was glad to do that, he was more interested in why Geralty wanted to return to Preservation at all and why with him. The relics of the past were interesting and there was certainly a lot of collected data, more than could be absorbed in a short visit or even a long one.  It didn’t seem to hold any promise by Nolan’s standards.
As they slowly made their circular tour, Geralty carefully noted the invention and creativity that were evident in each display. It was easy to admire the huge collection without understanding any of it. He was fascinated to see artifacts that related to many famous Rim lives and wondered why they were left here. The Past was strange but oddly familiar to Geralty.  He noticed a small chalk board in one window that related to engineering and mathematics that said “All Is Relative” above a short formula.  He had no idea what that meant, but it was thought provoking
 He turned to Nolan and it was clear that he had no interest in anything he saw as he wandered along behind Geralty.  When they had finished the tour Geralty motioned to Nolan to sit down with him on one of the stone benches.  Just sitting in the company of the magnificent statues was somehow inspiring for Geralty. He turned to Nolan and said, “I know you want more than anything to be assigned to the team that is now doing Seymore’s work at the terraformation site.  But I have a personal request.  I would like for you to stay near Valentino and act as assistant to The Meddlers.”
Nolan looked puzzled and asked, “Who are The Meddlers.  ”Geralty realized that Nolan didn’t know they were the three gentlemen in Seymore’s office and that they carried the telltale nickname. He said, “That’s not their real names. They are the three gentlemen that are currently using Seymore’s office and putting the image log in order.”  He waited for a reaction and when none came, he went on, “They are important to the smooth functioning of the hologram transfers.  And since you have a strong understanding of that process, you might find it interesting to make sure that part of the process remains functional. And, it’s likely when they are finished that they will be moving to another part of Middle Mind or elsewhere.” He didn’t want to say anything else and decided to just let Nolan think about it.
Geralty stood and said, “I’m going to make one more turn around the exhibits.  I won’t be long.” He moved to the inner edge and began another slow walk around the circle of displays dedicated to The Past. It was such an odd and intriguing place.  He pulled himself away from the big window display and went back to meet Nolan.  He was ready to leave and they launched and flew back to the office building entrance.
Nolan didn’t say a word, but Geralty sensed that he was feeling uncertain about his future.  Geralty was about to fix that. When they were back in the office, Nolan went to his desk and Geralty went over to talk with Valentino who motioned for him to sit and then gave him his undivided attention.
“Valentino, I have some thoughts I want your opinion about.  When we were on the tour Lyric carefully explained that some of the transitioners bypass R&R and go instead to Preservation because of the quality of their achievements at The Rim. Is it possible that some of those personalities do not go on to choose or rechoose their next purpose?” Geralty waited for a reply, and Valentino said that was certainly possible, free choice is the hallmark of transitioning.
Geralty continued, “When The Meddlers came to the station I didn’t spend much time with them at all, but Seymore did and I think he is responsible for their being here with you, is that right?   ”Valentino smiled and said it was.  Geralty said, “I think these three went to Preservation without going to R&R and never returned to the normal process and did not choose a new purpose.” 
Geralty could see that Valentino was now as intrigued as he was and he quickly continued.  “At Preservation there is a small chalk board with “All Is Relative” and a formula beneath it. There were some exceptional paintings; one of big bright yellow flowers in a field is especially beautiful. There are music scores and instruments that must be capable to express amazing compositions.  There was a jar of salt with a sign that said “March to the Sea” and there was another small sign that simply said EGO with no explanation.  Across the top edge of one of the windows someone etched ‘The price of greatness is responsibility.  For some reason I can’t explain I think that some of those things were left by The Meddlers.  I have no information, just a powerful intuition.  Seymore said that The Meddlers arrived at their last transition as Sigmund Freud, Albert Einstein and Gandhi.  If they are the ones who left those items at Preservation, and then failed to complete their personal process through transition, it might explain their endless interfering.”
Valentino was completely focused on everything Geralty was saying and when he stopped, he nodded just like Seymore does when he doesn’t know what’s next.  Valentino didn’t make any meaningful response at all.  Geralty decided he had meddled himself and changed the subject.  He ventured, “Nolan told me that more than anything he wants to be a terraformer and I believe him.  He lights up when the subject is raised.  I think that when The Meddlers are finished auditing the image logs they should be encouraged to go back and finish the transition process by committing to a new choice.  And I think that Nolan should take over the care and maintenance of what they have accomplished. 
“Then when Seymore comes back Nolan can move to be his assistant. Seymore will need someone who is here at the offices during his absence and is up to date so he can easily resume his place as the incredible terraformer he is.  In the meantime Nolan might be given some opportunities to learn more about terraforming so that he will be more valuable when Seymore returns.” He looked at Valentino to make sure he hadn’t gone too far. Valentino remained still and contemplative.
The he looked up and said, “You know, Geralty, I think you may be right; and your plan is excellent. I would really like for Nolan to be here and this would provide for that, give him a chance to move forward and make Seymore’s return much easier. Well thought out. Do you want to go over the plan with him, or do you want me to?”  Geralty thought for a moment and said, “I think you should.  He so admires you and Seymore.” Geralty stood and smiled at Valentino and went over to his own desk where Celic was busy carefully setting out everything that he would be taking back toES360.
Valentino went over and asked Nolan to come with him for a short visit to the Transition Zone.  He wanted to go with him to the terraformation area and gage his enthusiasm for that art and see how it measured up against Geralty’s opinion. If he really had good potential he would assign him to The Meddlers until they left and then become Seymore’s liaison and assistant.  He liked this idea very much.  The only part he didn’t quite understand is what Geralty saw at Preservation and how it related to The Meddlers.  He might plan a little excursion there with the three gentlemen just to see their reaction. 

Chapter 24
Placements

Nolan and Valentino stood leaning over the railing at the area where terraformations were created and managed. Nolan was able to understand the nature of what was happening and explain it with both ease and enthusiasm.  He was thrilled to be here with the Prime Administrator but still didn’t know exactly why.  Valentino listened and asked questions and extracted opinions from the young assistant.  He was taken with Nolan’s full appreciation of the process and understanding the variety and purpose of creations that were needed to meet the needs of the transitioners.  And his enthusiasm was consistent and well tempered.  It was abundantly clear that Nolan was enchanted with terraforming. 
For Valentino this was good news.  So he made his offer, “Would you move next door to Seymore’s office and help the three gentlemen who are auditing the image logs so they can be useful to ES360?I think they are more than half finished, and I am quite sure they will be moving on when their audit is complete.  You will need to learn what they did and how they did it, all the details of the various categories besides the technical coding and maintenance.  In the beginning it’s going to be a big job and you’ll need to coordinate with Lyric and Celic and probably Geralty. 
“It makes sense to keep a good team together so I have a temptation for you.  I know that management of the log will eventually become routine, and when it does, I would like for you to go to Orientation classes that pertain only to terraforming. I want you to be prepared to be Seymore’s assistant when he returns.” Valentino stopped and waited for a response.
Nolan remained silent and then in a small choked voice said, “Thank you.  I cannot begin to tell you how happy I am.” He stood and gripped Valentino’s hand with tears in eyes that looked out through great sincerity. Valentino put his arm around his shoulder and congratulated him.  They walked back to the offices where Valentino planned to make a few announcements and reveal a few surprises.
When they entered the office, everyone looked up.  Valentino signaled to Geralty and Celic to join him with Nolan and Lyric in the assistant’s area. He stood for a moment to survey the four talented personalities who now composed a team that was well matched and effective.  He thought Seymore would be pleased, he certainly was. 
He began, “We have accomplished a great deal and I need to know from each of you what needs to be done to wrap up your part of the project and what questions you have.  ”He waited for a response.
Geralty said, “Celic and I have checked and rechecked the hologram transport system and it appears to be perfect.  We won’t know for sure until we make our experiments after I return to ES360.” Lyric added, “The Mercury band is all set and just needs the message from ES360 to hook up.  I’ve set up logs for messages and plans for expansion of the system if we need it either here or at the station.” 
Valentino smiled is approval and said, “Good. I would like you all to gather and pack everything for Geralty so that it will transport.  Nolan and I have a small meeting to go to and when we get back we will have a few announcements and some pleasantries.  ”Nolan and Valentino went to the interior door that led to Seymore’s office.  Nolan opened it for Valentino and closed it behind them. The three remaining looked at each other wondering what that meeting was about.  Geralty thought he knew.
The Meddlers were engrossed in their work and didn’t look up.  They all had displayed tremendous powers of concentration while at Middle Mind. Their task was tedious but they all seemed to find being focused and having a sense of accomplishment calming.  During their time on the job they had been industrious and patient. Valentino had placed them in just the right job to contain their meddling ways.  Valentino wasn’t sure that any of them were fully aware of what a large contribution they were making.  Until their critical eyes had started establishing order and continuity to the images they had been generally useless. Telling The Meddlers that the work was for Seymore and ES360 had also inspired them. They all seemed to have an attraction for the experimental station and its creator.  Valentino said, “Gentlemen, I have some news that will please you.  I don’t believe you have met Nolan, one of the fine assistants who has been assigned to Seymore’s protégée while he has been here on station business.  I know it is a place you have visited.  Seymore continues to change and improve the station and I think you’ll be glad to know that it continues to succeed. 
“It has not gone unnoticed that the effort you have all given to the ordering of the image log has been both excellent and helpful.  It has been so well done, that I would like for you to begin to transfer all of your knowledge and expertise to Nolan so he will be able to maintain the high standard you have set. I think it is nearing a point when we all could benefit by take advantage of your talents in other arenas. 
“Seymore’s protégée is preparing to return to ES360 and Nolan will begin working with you when we have seen him off.  I am hoping that the four of you can wrap up this part of the hologram project shortly so we can all move toward new endeavors.  There are wonderful potentials on the horizons.  Is there anything you would like to ask or add?”
Einstein said, “Valentino, I have quite enjoyed this auditing project and have learned a great deal about the physics of image.  And I thank you for the opportunity.  That said, I am definitely interested in pursuing new avenues.  And, on another subject, could you arrange for us to be referred to as something other than The Meddlers. After reviewing all these images, I realized that my current image and attitude is just not who I am and I would like to begin to shift to something more in keeping with my highest self.”
His two companions nodded in agreement and both expressed their thanks for the challenging work.  It was clear they all had enjoyed not being at loose ends and were beginning to appreciate their own incredible talents which until now had been lost in the shuffle of constant change and uncertainty.
Valentino said, “I am very glad we are on the same path.  From now on we will refer to you as the individuals you are and use whatever names you choose.  For now, Nolan is your new assistant and our plan is for him to eventually be assistant to Seymore when he’s back at Middle Mind.” He smiled and shook hand all around and thanked all three gentlemen. Nolan did the same and told each one that he was honored and looking forward to working with them.
All in all it was a very good meeting, much easier than expected, and both Nolan and Valentino were cheerful and smiling when they returned.  Valentino went to his desk and made a few notes. He turned and asked everyone to join him at Geralty’s desk in the corner. When they were all together, he announced.  “I am so glad to say that all three of your assistants, Geralty, are going to remain here after your return to Seymore Place. “Lyric, I want you to take care of the Mercury Band, answering and sending all messages as well as keeping it clear and in good repair.  You will also monitor other uses for the band and make sure it is not abused.  I will call on you from time to time to help me with special projects as well.
“Celic, you are a natural to continue working with the new system you have created to manage the holograms.  Your creation is excellent and we will need you to operate it and keep it in good working order.  I also may call on you for other creative solutions to the technical problems we encounter so you will never be bored.
“And lastly, Nolan is going to be assigned to understudy all the fine work that the three gentlemen next door have done and will be in charge of the logs when they have moved on to new projects. In addition, Nolan will soon be attending classes in terraforming at Orientation and will eventually be an assistant to Seymore when he returns from Seymore Place. 
“And Geralty will, of course, remain in his position as protégée to my beloved brother Seymore and must, I am sorry to say, return to Seymore Place.  Each of us in our own way will say our good byes to you but I would like you to know that you are always welcome here.  You are a part of our team and we look forward to many opportunities to enjoy your company.  Being optimistic we have a small gift for you that could contribute to your return.  ”He motioned to Nolan and Celic who moved to pick up Geralty’s office chair and turn it over.
Valentino said, “Geralty, we have created a personal transport marker for you.  It will always be attached to the bottom of your office chair so you can visit us any time.  Besides Seymore, you are the only one to have a marker here and we’ll take good care of it for you.  We have the match packed with the other equipment you’ll be taking with you.  ”He stepped to his desk, quickly returned and said, “Here is the message for Seymore.  As I said he will be glad to have it.  Be sure you give it just to him as soon as you arrive at Seymore Place.  ”Geralty nodded indicating that he would and Valentino continued, “We have more than enjoyed having you with us and are pleased that all of the efforts we have made together are working out well. We’ll look forward to knowing about you and the station through the Mercury band.  I’m sure your new friends want to wish you well, so I’ll be at my desk. Let me know when you’re ready to go.” He embraced Geralty and returned to his desk.
Nolan began, “Geralty, we’re going to miss you like crazy.  You have helped to put things in a better place for me than I ever imagined.  I am really grateful.  I hope you’ll come just to visit but business would be OK too.  ”His presentation was humble and heart felt and Geralty gave him a sturdy hand shake with a big shoulder hug. 
Lyric and Celic looked at each other and Lyric said, “You go next Celic.”
Celic said, “Geralty, if it hadn’t been for you I’m not sure I would have been able to fully grasp the import of the system I made.  It is going to be a real treat to continue to work on it and help you and Seymore with your work at ES360.We all know it’s one of the most innovative and experimental projects ever undertaken.  And to have a small part in its success is just great.  We’ll miss you and hope you come back soon.”
Lyric walked up close to Geralty and said, “You have honored us with your generosity and kindness and have left all of us better for having met you.  We will work diligently to do our part to make sure that the band and hologram systems work perfectly.  I would love to work on other projects with you and hope that happens.  We will miss you.  Thank you for being here and I’m sure we will meet again.  ”She reached out and hugged Geralty and he hugged her back.
Geralty was really moved.  These were quality individuals who had done a splendid job on their end of the communications projects.  He hesitated and then said, “I really had no idea what to expect when I first arrived here.  You have all made me feel welcome and the tour was fabulous.  I am pleased no end with the work you have all done to support the station and it will make a big difference.  I am especially glad that you all will remain together because we are a first class team. When ES360 is finished and completely operational, I’ll be sure to come back just to visit.  I look upon each of you as a friend.  I will speak for everyone at Seymore Place and say thank you very, very much.  ”After some affectionate back slapping and lots of big smiles, Nolan went over to Valentino and said, “Geralty’s just about ready to go.”
Valentino went to the door and opened it.  “Geralty, be sure you have the package that’s on your desk.  It’s packed as small as we could get it and will transport easily, but we are going to take Seymore’s marker out to the campus and send you off from there just to be sure you don’t hit an obstruction with the gear. They all left through the door and Valentino followed.
They gathered on a large open space near the entrance, exchanged in the last expressions of thanks and good wishes and Geralty was gone.
They all looked up as if they expected to see Geralty’s departure and then looked at each other.  They were silent and didn’t share any thoughts or opinions about the departure as they returned to the office.  Valentino walked ahead and was actually jaunty; the others seemed much more subdued.
In the office they took little while to get back to their work, but shortly they were talking about their recently increased responsibilities and wondered when the Mercury band message would arrive to activate communications and when the first test of the hologram transport system would happen.

Chapter 25
Connections

Geralty landed in Seymore’s study when he returned from Middle Mind and he immediately headed for the library.  It was empty so he set the package on the round oak table and called “Seymore?  Mesa?  Where are you?”
Jesmond came running in from the old office and threw her arms around him, “Oh boy!  You’re home!  We really missed you!”
In his whole existence he had never thought of any place he had been as home.  But as he hugged sweet Jesmond he realized that he had been missing everyone very much and that he had been homesick though he didn’t realize that until Jesmond’s warm greeting.
He asked her were Seymore and Mesa were and she told him they were in the turret room. She took his hand and pulled him along behind her through the new office door and over past the magic table.  Seymore and Mesa were already up and coming toward them wearing big smiles and they showered him with welcome homes and we missed yous. He hugged them both and went to sit next to Jesmond on the window seat.  Mesa moved one of the magic chairs near them and Seymore pulled the wing backed chair closer.  When he was seated he asked, “How was Middle Mind?”
Geralty told him it was amazing and that he had lots and lots to report, but first, “Valentino gave me this personal message for you and I promised I would give it to you first thing.  He said you would be glad to have it.” Seymore took the envelop Geralty offered and said, “I am very happy to have it.” He didn’t give the slightest hint about why the message might make him happy.
He than asked again, “So, how was Middle Mind? Tell us all about everything you did and who you met.  Did you get a good tour?”
Geralty began and told them everything from start to finish.  He did leave out the parts about Preservation and The Former Meddlers, but everything else was told and all questions answered.  He told Seymore “Now you aren’t the only one with a transporter to Middle Mind.  Valentino and the staff gave me one that goes to my own desk in Valentino’s office.  ”Seymore chuckled and said only Valentino could think of such a good gift.
Geralty told Mesa that her band was secure at the office and that Lyric would be its operator there.  He added lots of details about the hologram system and added he had a little experimenting that needed to be completed before it was ready. He made a special point of telling Seymore how much he like Valentino and how kind he had been.  He described each of the assistants in details and why he likes them all.  And lastly he announced that the first chance he had he was going to go back for a visit.
When everything was told, he added, “I really liked Middle Mind and I am so glad to have friends there, but I am very happy to be home.  I missed Seymore Place and all of you.  I think we are meant to be here together.” Jesmond put her biggest smile on by way of agreement and both Seymore and Mesa said that was definitely true.
Mesa stood and put the magic chair back near the table and said, “But even a good homecoming has to step aside for the tasks at hand.  Geralty let’s go make the final hook up to the receiver at Middle Mind and transmit the first message.  What do you want to say?”
He thought a moment and then said, “I want to say:

‘Arrived home safely.  Envelope delivered; package arrived in good shape. Let us know that the connection is complete.  Thanks for everything. Geralty’ 

Is that enough?”
Mesa said it was perfect.  They went into the library, opened the cupboard and Mesa inserted her personal codes into the equipment and showed Geralty how to enter the message.  When he was finished she gave him a three number key to enter and the message was gone.  They’d need to receive a message back to make sure the band had completed the transmission and had grabbed the suspended message to make the permanent connection.  Geralty turned to Mesa, “There is something magical about seeing something actually happen after planning and working for it, isn’t there.” Mesa said there was, and added, “Once we know that the connection is complete we can dial in a link to the Mercury Stream that you can redirect to your own space. Do you have a receiver for it?” 
Geralty said he didn’t, but he’d take care of that right now.  In his room, the cat was waiting for him and when he sat down at his desk Fred put his nose up against Geralty’s and sat very close.  He really did seem to be Geralty’s cat now.
Mesa returned to the turret room and sat down on the window seat across from Seymore.  Jesmond had left for her own space and pursuits. Mesa said, “Geralty seems to have had a very successful trip and made some friends besides.”  Seymore agreed and she finally asked, “Are you going to tell me what’s in the message from Valentino that makes you happy?” Her eyes were twinkling with both laughter and curiosity and Seymore almost told her, but instead he said, “I will most certainly tell you but now right now.  I guarantee it will make you happy too.”
Mesa changed the subject and said, “I’m going to go down and finish the last embellishments on the Beach House.  We’ll want to set the holograms transport system there so I’m going to have Geralty show it to me before I go. When I’m finished, which won’t be long, Geralty can finish the connection and do his tests. 
“Once that’s finished the only remaining unresolved issues I see is the method for managing the light and understanding greeters.” Seymore smiled and said, “It’s obvious that so far I have no solid plan for either.  But I am still hopeful and expect a powerful flash of inspiration.” Mesa laughed.  “So while you’re down at the Beach House, I’m going to go over a few things with Geralty. One step at a time seems to work as well as fretting over the total unknowns.” He and Mesa stood and left in separate directions.
He found Geralty in his room with Fred reclining on the desk in front of him enjoying a major rub.  He asked, “Geralty could you and Fred pause for a few minutes to go over a few things with me?  ”Geralty smiled at Seymore, set Fred up on his feet on the corner of the desk and motioned to Seymore to take a seat in the occasional chair.
Seymore began, “I’m very glad that your trip to Middle Mind was a success.  And what you accomplished will go a long way toward completing what remains undone at ES360.  I’m sure my brother was impressed as well.  You didn’t say how Valentino was, but I assume he was doing well.”
“Yes,” Geralty answered, “he is doing well and he is as kind and generous as you said.  In fact, I might have taken advantage of his kind nature. When the assistants took me on the tour of Middle Mind, we visited Preservation.  It was mysterious and amazing and I saw several things there that reminded me in odd ways of The Meddlers and what you said about them.  I told Valentino and I think he’s going to take the three gentlemen to visit Preservation and help them move on to other projects. They seemed to like working for your brother and did a lot of good in reordering the images so we can make use of them.  And The Meddlers don’t want to be called that any longer, they are redefining themselves it seems.  ”Seymore looked at Geralty and really admired his increasing confidence and aplomb.  He had noticed earlier that Geralty seemed far more self assured and stood taller and he seemed thicker and more substantial.
Seymore responded, “It sounds like Valentino may be able to give a whole new direction to the gentlemen thanks to your observation.  But I’m not sure how a trip to Preservation would have meaning to them.  We’ll find out though, I imagine.  ”He smiled and changed the subject.  “Valentino will be coming for a visit when the station is complete.  I told him we’d have a little celebration.”  Seymore found that thought very pleasing and paused to savor it.
“Mesa has gone down to the new Beach House to add some final touches.  Did she get to see the new hologram set up so she can make a good place for it?  ”Geralty said she did and that he was going to run a few experiments with Celic at Middle Mind to make sure it was functional and then it would be ready to transport whatever Seymore requested.  He explained, “After the system had been proved the new logged images will all be transferred as they are needed. It should be easy to find good matches using the dominant characteristics required to meet the needs of the incoming light travelers.  But I do wish we had a way to make a trial run or two in actually creating the greeters.  I just don’t understand at all how that is going to work.”
Seymore chuckled and said, “Me either!  ”They both laughed and Seymore continued, “I’ll bet I have created and discarded half a dozen possibilities and I still don’t have even a place to start on the greeter problem. It is my first priority now, but I am reduced to taking very small steps in what I hope is the right direction.  In fact, I don’t know what’s next after we have the hologram system in place.  As I told Mesa, I am hopeful and expect a flash of inspiration to strike at any moment.”   Seymore stopped as Fred jumped into his lap and leaned against him.  At least the cat hadn’t completely abandoned him, he thought.
Seymore stood to leave and noticed the large cupboard was open and had the beginnings of a project inside.  He asked, “What new project are you into now?” 
Geralty said that Mesa had arranged a link to the Mercury band so he would listen to the stream of information and he was building a receiver.  “I’ll bet she would make a link for you too that you could have in your study.  You could also have a receiver that would allow you to talk with Valentino using the new system in the library.  I think you’d enjoy that.  ”Seymore said that was an interesting idea and he would think about it. He left and went across the hall to his study to sit and hopefully bring all of his thinking into some kind of order and then decide the next step. He also entertained the fanciful thought that inspiration might more easily strike in his study.
In his study he sat at the desk and drew the message from Valentino out of his pocket and slid it into the top draw of his desk.  He was looking forward to presenting the hologram to Mesa and Geralty and was anxious to see it himself.  But it needed to wait for just the right moment.
Geralty put his head in the door of the study and told Seymore that he was taking the hologram transporter down to the Beach House to see how Mesa was coming along and that he was welcome to come and supervise if he wanted. He added that he was going to take Jesmond with him.  Seymore declined and heard Geralty and Jesmond leave through the double doors in the library.
Seymore was alone at the cottage, something he didn’t think had ever happened before.  It seemed both strange and comfortable.  He moved to the big leather chair and let it wrap around him. It felt a perfect place for thought collecting and he hoped that inspiration liked it too.
It was easy to review everything that had happened and was happening to bring him to this point of uncertainty.  However, another review wouldn’t bring him any closer to an answer. So he opted to think about the hard parts, the ones where he had no answers, no starting point, and no clues. How would anyone know the best greeters to provide for the light travelers?  Wasn’t the traveler the only one who knew?  He was very happy with the hologram system and was confident that it was the resource for the creation of the greeters.  But how was he going to know the correct image for the greeters like how tall they should be, hair color, and other details that only the travelers knew? Then he actually had a meaningful insight.
The travelers knew and, like Sarah, had impressed their desires on the light so the light would know about the kinds of greeters that were sought as well.  That made a kind of sense and was possibly a starting point.  Considering that the travelers might be frightened and agitated by both their unfortunate recent experiences and the amazing ride on the light he deduced that the light might know more about the greeters for their passenger than the travelers who inspired them. 
 He knew that the light was intelligent because The Watcher clearly was and was searching for Sarah.  Or was it?  It could be that it was searching for anything that would return it to The Rim.  The light had entered Mesa’s projected desk and tried to use it to communicate which was both clever and smart.  Then he remembered the dream message from Psyche that the light knows what its doing.  It was also what Geralty had said.  Since the light knows what’s going on, the best way to find out would be to ask the light.  He would more than gladly do that if he knew how.  He didn’t.  Not yet. 
He felt like he was creeping forward when what he yearned for was a quantum leap.  He decided to assume that finding a way to communicate with the stranded light in some meaningful way was worth pursuing.  He stood and walked purposefully out of the study and down the hall past the atrium, through the library and out the double doors. He looked down the meadow but couldn’t see anything but the Beach House so he moved on through the Weedy Field and approached the outside edge of the dome where Sarah’s ring was sitting on the foundation ledge. As he came near, the fuzzy eye slowly opened right where it had been when he placed the ring. It was still friendly in demeanor and gave off an impression that it was now familiar with Seymore.  The Watcher recognized him.  He decided to trust that and picked up the ring.  The watcher watched him steadily with a tinge of anxiety.  One more step back and the eye started to move quickly from side to side.
He had no intention of distressing The Watcher so he quickly moved back close to the dome and returned the ring to the ledge.  He put his hand on the glass next to the eye as a gesture of good will and again backed away from the dome.  The eye followed him but didn’t show any anxiety, only mild curiosity.  When he was a fair distance from the dome the eye returned its gaze to the spot where the ring was sitting.  Seymore had more to think about.   He knew he could communicate on a rudimentary level with the stranded light in the dome using the ring, but nothing else was obvious.  And the information was just expressions of emotion. But he was sure there was more here than meets the eye.
He turned to leave and saw Fred crouched in a clump of weeds watching him. He went over and picked up his old friend, turned for one more look at The Watcher and was about to return to the cottage.  The he realized that he didn’t know if Fred had been watching him or the big soft eye.  He turned and walked back with Fred to the outside of the dome some distance from the ring.  The watcher moved to where he and Fred were.  He set Fred on the ledge and the eye focused on the cat. Then he moved a good distance away and The Watcher continued to focus on the cat.  As if on cue, Fred began to walk around the dome on the foundation ledge.  The watcher moved smoothly along with his pace.  Then Fred jumped down.  The Watcher seemed suddenly anxious and moved side to side quickly along the inside edge looking for Fred.  Not finding him, it went back to the ring’s spot on the ledge.
Seymore picked up Fred and walked with him down to the picnic table.  He put the market umbrella up, set Fred down on the table and sat in front of him on a bench.  He looked at Fred and again so wished he had a talking cat.  Despite is verbal inadequacies he loved Fred.  The minute he had seen Fred he knew he was a great cat.  He thought maybe an examination of Fred’s history might add to his growing collection of information about the stranded light. But that didn’t seem likely either.
 He did now have a powerful hunch that the Watcher wasn’t necessarily looking for Sarah.  It was looking for something familiar.  Fred had been in the dome with Sarah and was familiar.  Was the Watcher just looking for reassurance?  It was then he fully understood that the light was truly a living being from The Rim and made from Rim stuff and that it was quite possibly just lonely. 

Chapter 26
Hooking Up

Seymore thought back about when he found Fred.  His now beloved cat had shown up at Middle Mind probably because of a strong attachment to an individual at The Rim who was returning to transition.  He was a scrap of unknown origin and was alone when Seymore found him loitering around near the entrance to the Transition Zone.  The gate keepers told him that he had been haunting the entrance area and seemed to be looking for someone, but he had no direct communication skills so nobody knew who that might be.
Seymore had gone over and squatted down to see if he could entice the cat closer so he could pick him up.  Fred had walked right up to him and rubbed himself full length against Seymore’s knee.  He picked him up and took him along as he moved up to the terraformation area to do his regular check on his part of Middle Mind. Fred had been perfectly content to make the tour with him and when they were walking back through the campus, Seymore put him down and he followed him back to his office.  He opened the door and held it for the cat.  Fred went in and jumped up on the wide wood window sill which became his favorite perch.
Seymore was totally taken with him and introduced him to Valentino who liked him well enough to name him Fred.  He had been, and still was, a fine companion, despite having largely abandoned him in favor of first Sarah and now Geralty.  Fred had never been through any part of transition as far as he knew and probably still has cell memory of The Rim and maybe other residual from his time there.  Seymore didn’t know where he had been at The Rim or who he had belonged to, but he was glad to give him a home and to bring Fred to Seymore Place.
It was likely that Fred had some strong Rim elements and particles that the stranded light could hone in on and it may have been a part of why the cat had twice safely entered and returned from the great light that brought Sarah. Fred may be a clue about communicating with the lights and their travelers even though he still couldn’t talk.
Then another thought crossed his mind.  The Former Meddlers also probably never finished with their transition; most likely they left the prescribed process before R&R and possibly gone to Preservation never returning to complete the process.  It is very likely that they also carry traces of The Rim and is why they found their way to Seymore Place.  The great light seemed to easily identify its own and may have subjectively called to the Former Meddlers or the three tourists may be more sensitive than anyone guessed.  They seemed very curious about the great light and the dome and he may have been hasty in sending them away. But he also had no desire to ask them back.
One thing was sure now: Rim stuff is attracted to Rim stuff no matter what form or where.  That’s possibly what Sarah, her ring, Fred and the Former Meddlers have in common. He decided to send a message off to Valentino to ask him to delay any plans he might have for moving the Former Meddlers on to other projects.  He wanted to be sure that he wasn’t going to need their Rimness before it was transitioned away.
Then he had a curious thought.  It was something he didn’t know, but thought he should.  He had even brought David in from wandering and never asked.  When the transitioners slough off their Rim image and it goes to the image log, what happens to The Rim stuff that is also shed? If it stayed with the image then the holograms might be far more valuable than he originally suspected.  He needed to find Mesa to set up a messenger he could impress.
He looked down the meadow, and fortune was smiling on him, as he saw Mesa, Geralty and Jesmond laughing and talking as they rambled up the lane.  Seymore went to the top of the lane and yelled, “Hurry up, I need your help!”
All three took off at a run and shortly surrounded him at the picnic table. Geralty and Jesmond were bickering about who won the race.  Seymore interjected, “You both won.  Right now I need to send a message to Valentino.  ”He spoke louder and with more urgency than he intended and Mesa looked startled.  She said, “I see. I’ll conjure a messenger or you can use the Mercury band.  The messenger is more private, of course.  What’s wrong?”
He sat down and recovered his composure.  “I have some thoughts about the Former Meddlers that Valentino should know before the log reordering is finished and he sends them off to new arenas.  They may have some attributes that are very valuable.  I’m not sure yet, but I want to be sure that nothing gets changed or improved before I know for sure.  Does that make sense?”
Mesa said, “Not completely, but let’s go up to the cottage and leave the racers here to entertain Fred.  I’ll prepare the messenger while you prepare the message.” They stood and walked toward the cottage.
Jesmond and Geralty watched them leave and fell silent.  Jesmond was looking up at the Weedy Field and asked, “That field needs some attention, don’t you think?” Geralty said it did and added, “Seymore said he was going to do some landscaping for the area.  ”She said, “We could make some improvements.  We don’t have anything better to do right now, do we?  We could take out the weeds and put in some nice grass like around the pond with maybe a row of flowers around the base of the dome.  We could make a place for this table and umbrella and maybe we could add a swing.  What do you think?”
Geralty said he wasn’t sure. Jesmond persisted and said that if Seymore didn’t like it he could change it.  Geralty reluctantly agreed and then went up to the Weedy Field and started by sending all the weeds into the woods and over by the two old out buildings. They added a group of hydrangeas and put a big square of pavers in front of them.  They planted a lovely lawn that ran from the base of the dome to the top of the lane and over to the front of the cottage. They stopped to look at what they had done. 
Geralty said, “Well, that looks better.  In fact it looks nice, but I think we should stop now and let Seymore in on the changes before we go too far.  ”Jesmond, feeling somewhat less brave, agreed and walked up across the new green grass to the base of the dome.  She suddenly stopped and turned around and yelled for Geralty to come quick. Geralty rushed to her side.
She turned and pointed at the glass and there was the big soft eye looking back at them.  It was benign and mildly curious but not moving.  Jesmond was very excited and said, “Is that The Watcher?  ”Geralty said it was.  She said, “It’s beautiful.  I am so lucky!”
Geralty looked surprised as the eye had always seemed distant and mysterious to him.  He wasn’t sure he could enjoy a close personal relationship with a big vague orb.  But it was good that Jesmond was charmed by the eye since it was the reason she was at Seymore Place.  It did occur to him that Seymore and Mesa might have had a different idea for Jesmond’s first introduction to The Watcher.
He looked closely at the eye and then turned to Jesmond and said, “I think we have done all we can out here, we need to go in and tell Seymore and Mesa to come and have a look and make any changes they want.  It’s probably not a good idea to disturb The Watcher until we know more.  Let’s go!.  ”Jesmond didn’t move and Geralty reached out and took her arm and steered here back toward the picnic table and on to the cottage entrance.  She was giggling and pretending distress and finally Geralty broke out laughing too.  They were in hysterics when they came through the double doors into the library.
Mesa came out of her turret room to see what was going on and Geralty and Jesmond straightened up. Jesmond asked, “Will you and Seymore come out and check over what we’ve done to the Weedy Field.” Mesa quickly replied, “Not right now.  When Seymore’s finished impressing the message for Valentino we’ll meet you at the picnic table.  ”She was almost cross.  The landscapers turned and left through the double doors.
Mesa returned to the turret room where Seymore was just finishing impressing the message for Valentino.

Dearest brother,
I have a special request that only your can fulfill.  I would like for you to keep the three gentlemen who are ordering the image logs in your service.  I may have made an error in sending them to Middle Mind so quickly. It is too complicated to say why, but it is important to the completion of ES360.
Geralty told me that he had suggested to you that the gentlemen may have made contributions to the records and artifacts at Preservation.  It got me to thinking about their possibly not having completed transition.  It is very important that they continue in that incomplete state until I am certain of how their abilities might be helpful here.  I don’t mean to sound mysterious.  I simply want to safeguard my options as I search for answers regarding the best services for the great light travelers.
Also, are there any images retained of pet animals that reach transition with or even without their Rim companions? I am wondering if there is an image of Fred in the image records. I am quite sure there isn’t, but would you check for me?
And, there is something I feel foolish in even asking since I should know the answer. When a transitioner reaches the point of discarding their image are all traces of The Rim sent with the image to the log? If they are, will those remnants remain a part of the holograms that you send to ES360?I would like very much for Rim material to be included in the transmission as I believe it will provide very helpful support to our purpose here.
Lastly, do you have a recent report on David’s progress through transition?  Could I get an update at your convenience?
On a lighter note, Geralty arrived safe and sound, had a wonderful visit, and obviously a lot was accomplished. He treasures the marker you set up for him and I think you will find him a visitor quite soon as he made friends with the assistants and very much admires you.  Thank you for taking good care of him.
There is a return provided with this messenger so you can just impress it and send it back.
Love to you always, your devoted brother, Seymore

He turned to Mesa and said he was ready for her to send the messenger.  As it flashed away on its mission Mesa said, “Jesmond and Geralty have made some alterations to the Weedy Field and want your opinion of the changes.  They’re out at the picnic table waiting for us.  I’m sure Geralty had less to do with the landscaping than Jesmond.  She is small and sweet with nerves of steel.”    They both laughed and set off for the picnic table.
As they approached the table Mesa and Seymore could already see some of the changes and signaled for the landscapers to follow them to review the improvements. Seymore walked across the grass to the paved area and inspected the hydrangea grove.  He came back to the group and said all in all it was pretty good.
He added, “What do you think about moving the picnic table up to the paved area, or should we create something smaller with several bright umbrellas.  Maybe a nice metal bench and a chaise lounge.  ”He paused expecting comments and Jesmond piped up.
“I like the bright umbrella idea but I’d rather have several benches than lounges.  And I was thinking that a swing or maybe a hammock might be interesting.” She paused exactly the way Seymore did when expecting comments.
Geralty said, “I really like the picnic table with its great big umbrella.  I hope we’re going to find a place for it.  It’s really a good meeting place.  And the visitors’ initials are carved into it and we want to keep that tradition going, don’t we?  ”He turned to Jesmond hoping she would add her support to save the picnic table.  She didn’t.
But Mesa did, “Geralty’s right, we need to keep the picnic table and I like it where it is. And I have an idea, let have a big pergola on the paved area with vines on one end and a swing on the other.  There can be a nice rectangle table in the middle with several chairs.  And I think we should put ivy around the base of the dome, something small that won’t climb too high. Two big pots of geraniums somewhere would be nice.” She stopped and laughed.  “You were expecting opinions, weren’t you?”
Seymore said he was glad to have opinions and looking at Jesmond he said, “Do you like the pergola idea?  It includes your swing.  ”She nodded enthusiastically that she did and Seymore motioned to Mesa and they moved up to the paved area.  They stood together as he formed a beautiful pergola as Mesa described it in detail. It brought the whole area to life.  He added two big pots of geraniums and set them next to the supports at the end with the swing.  He put two bright umbrellas in front of the pergola and a chaise under each one.  The wisteria vines on the other end covered half way over the structure and shaded the table and chairs.
He said, “Now we have an area where future curiosity seekers can see the dome and do no harm and that we can use and enjoy. I like it very much.  ”He turned and headed for the picnic table and everyone followed.  When he was reached the top of the lane he stopped and everyone else followed suit.  He cast a very large circle of cobble stones that were buried so only their faces showed with little creeping plants in between. He moved the picnic table, benches and market umbrella over to the cobbled terrace. Then he turned and bowed to his small but enthusiastic audience.  He waved them to join him at the relocated picnic table and they all sat and appreciated the much needed make over of the Weedy Field.  Despite all the improvements it never got a better name and everyone would forever call it the Weedy Field.
Jesmond, leaning on her elbow with her fist under her chin said, “We are a great landscaping team.  I think it’s beautiful.  Do you think The Watcher can see it?  ”Seymore said he didn’t think so.
Geralty was grateful that subject of The Watcher seemed to have ended.  He said, “Where did Fred go?” Seymore said he didn’t know. So Geralty got up and went up to the cottage to find him.
Presently, Seymore turned to Jesmond and asked, “Did you see The Watcher when you and Geralty were rearranging the Weedy Field?” Jesmond said she did and that she liked it very much.  Then she said, “Can we go see it again.  I would really like for The Watcher to be in my desk in the glass room.  Seeing it every day would be wonderful.” Seymore looked at her and then at Mesa.  “Really?  I think that can be arranged very soon, but there is still some information we need to sort out before we make the switch to your beautiful table in the atrium.” He smiled at the young Mercury scrap, and added, “In the meantime let’s go see The Watcher.” 
He stood and held out his hand for Jesmond.  She took it and they walked over the new lawn to the edge of the dome.  The eye slowly reached their position and Jesmond put her hand on the glass and softly said “Hello, Watcher.  You get to come and live with me and I’m so glad.”

Chapter 27
Home Making

Geralty found Fred out on the dock at the pond swiping at the little gold fish that were always just beyond his reach.  It was a game to Fred and Geralty wondered if the fish just played along to humor him or liked the game as well.  He sat down on the dock for a little while and thought about Jesmond’s affection for The Watcher.  He wondered why he didn’t feel the same way. Then he remembered that he needed to see if the Mercury band reply message had come in yet.  He also wanted to send a message to Celic to say that the hologram system was in place and they could now run the experiments.  He figured there were probably some small problems with the system so he wanted to make sure Celic was available.
Then he had an idea.  Maybe Mesa could assign a wave length of her band to be in the Beach House. It would save a lot of running back and forth during the experiments and probably be helpful when the system was accepting and sending holograms.  It would also give all of them a way to communicate between the Beach House and the cottage.
He liked his new idea very much.  He picked up Fred and turned toward the cottage to go talk to Mesa.  He found her in the turret room reclining on her fainting couch.  She seemed to be resting, something he couldn’t remember her doing before.  He was very quiet and sat down in one of the magic chairs and put Fred on the floor.  He enjoyed the view out the big window in the front of the turret and thought about his communications idea and how to make it happen.  Fred was less considerate and simply jumped up on the couch and walked all over Mesa. She sat up, startled, grabbed Fred and set him on the floor.  She laughed and turned to Geralty and said, “Next time, you wake me up don’t let Fred do it.”
She motioned for him to sit across from her in the winged back chair. When he was comfortable she asked, “What’s on your mind?  You look like you’re up to something.”  He was and he explained about having an extension of the Mercury band at the Beach House so that managing the hologram transport system would be easier and faster.  “I can fly back and forth, but I don’t think that’s the best solution.  ”Mesa had almost forgotten that Geralty could fly. She also remembered that he is very adept at imaging and remembered the winged elf that was tossed around by the great light.  When she thought about it she hadn’t been changing images much either.  She needed to think about why that was.
She said, “A band extension is an excellent idea and that if you set up the receiver I’ll give it key code that will both send and receive from the Beach House to either the cottage or Middle Mind.” He thanks Mesa with a big smile and immediately left for his room, turned back and captured Fred, and said he’d let her know when he was finished.
Mesa returned to her fainting couch, leaned back and closed her eyes. She felt the need for some distance from all the uncertainty about the light and greeters and hoped for some restful quiet, maybe a nap.  Her mind drifted back to wonder why flying and imaging were happening less and less at Seymore Place.  There must be a reason.
----------------------------
While Mesa was enjoying a restful nap, Sarah gently awoke from her first normal sleep. Jake was sitting near her bed reading.  She turned her head, still an uncomfortable effort, and called his name.  He immediately stood and came to her bedside.  He sat of the edge of the bed and asked, “How are you feeling?  ”She slowly answered, “I’m oddly tired and ache, but otherwise she much better than when I was in the coma.  ”He smiled and said. “Sarah, I’m so glad you’re awake. 
He took her hand and softly held it.  He had to tell her about David before she learned about his death some other way.  He gathered courage and said, “Sarah, David is gone.  He died instantly when the truck went over the guard rail and into the ravine.  His parents have been to see you several times, but they are grieving for their son and couldn’t continue to come and be reminded of their loss.  He is buried on the other side of town and I’ll take you to the grave if you want when you’re out of the hospital.” 
Sarah’s face gradually turned as white as the sheet and she slowly turned on her side away from Jake and curled into a tight ball as Jake was telling her about David’s death.  She wrapped her arms around her unborn baby and cried, great heaving sobs as he finished breaking the awful news. Her body began to shake with grief and Jake was afraid she was having a seizure.  He ran to the nurses’ station to get help. Two nurses came with him as he told them about telling Sarah the awful news of David’s passing.
They leaned down on either side of her, wrapped themselves around her and held her tight until she subsided.  When she was calm, they raised the bed so they could check her over and make sure she and the baby were OK. She let them do whatever they needed to do and remained stoic and silent bearing a look of tragic loss and limp submission.  She was devastated.
Jake stayed with her the entire night and the nurses checked on her more often than usual. By morning she had slept for nearly 12 hours and Jake was worried that she had returned to her coma.  She hadn’t.  But it was some time before she began to show signs of returning to the Sarah he knew and loved.  She did return, however, and eventually was much better and stronger than even she expected.
More than a week had passed since she first heard the news that David was dead. Since she remembered nothing of the accident or even where it was, all she had was the certain knowledge that he was gone.  She could only imagine how it had happened.  Jake told her that no one knew what happened but that it was on an icy road and he probably just lost control of the truck on the curve.  Over the next few days she decided the best way to handle David’s death was to live well for their baby.  So she turned her mind to becoming the best mother in the history of the human race.
 After two weeks out of her coma, Sarah woke and knew for certain that she was very rested, strong and totally ready to be leave the hospital, and soon.  Since she escaped from her coma she had been poked, prodded and therapied about everything from her mental state and bowel regularity to how far she could lift her legs and the distance she could walk before she was tired.  Doctors of every kind seemed inordinately interested in her and she was glad to accommodate them, but their time was up and she wanted to go home. 
She knew that her baby was perfect and wanted what time was left of her pregnancy to be the pleasure it was supposed to be. She wanted to go home to her house, but her brother had terminated her rental and moved all of her possessions to his place; going home meant going to his house.  She was grateful for all the things about her life that Jake had taken care of.  He’d kept her car and paid the insurance besides making a room for her weeks before she awoke from her long coma.  She knew that her wreck and coma had been a burden to him both financially and emotionally.  Fortunately, her medical insurance was going to pay for the majority of her time in the hospital and all the doctor bills.  It would also cover about the same for her ongoing care and the birth of her baby. She had no idea when she could go back to work, but she would look for ways to make Jake’s life easier and start paying back some of her debt to him. A great chunk of it could never be repaid and was given without expectation.
She was grateful to Jake for loving her and doing everything he could think of to bring her back.  Without him and the great light she was sure she would not be here today very much alive and renewed. She had strong memories of the great light that took her away and how it had protected her from terrible pain.  She often wondered if the light was part of the coma or the other way around.  It was a long time before she realized that the coma and the light were two separate events. 
Every now and then she would experiences snatches of memory about the light and its power, but she could never hold on to the fragments long enough to make any sense of them.  Mostly she just remembered the enormous sense of wellbeing and protection that pour over and around her as she moved through the nurturing warmth of the big bright envelope that cared for her when she was in the most danger.  It had transformed her life in many ways. She was very sure that her everyday experiences, which were taken for granted before the accident, were couched in a rich and loving atmosphere that she could just barely imagine and certainly failed to acknowledge until now.  The reassurance and safety lavished on her in the light were imprinted permanently on her soul and she knew she would forever be supported and encouraged in ways she never dreamed were possible. 
Each day she thanked her brother and the light.  Each day she hoped it would be the last one in the hospital.  There wasn’t anything she couldn’t do for herself now, though it took longer than usual because of the baby’s size.  She salivated for a big dose of fast food, a large bed, and lots of fresh air.  As this day wore on she was losing hope that this would be her last in the hospital.  But it was.
Late in the day Jake arrived with a small satchel and announced that he was taking her home. He said that the doctor would arrive in a few minutes with her discharge papers, some instructions, a prescription for vitamins for her and the baby and a wheelchair for her to ride out to the car.  He said they should gather up her meager belongings, cards and trinkets and be ready to leave.
She smiled broadly at Jake and admired how prepared he always was.  He had brought a new pair of maternity pants, a big T-shirt, coat, shoes and a stocking cap.  Not pretty, but functional.  There was no underwear, but she didn’t care.  It was actually early spring he announced, but still cold, as he took a pair of gloves out of the bag. Then he excused himself while she changed out of her hospital gown into clothes for the first time in a very long time.  Jake had taken everything away she had with her from the wreck.  What was left was a pair of slippers and a soft cotton robe, both provided by her good brother.  There was the vase that he had always filled with flowers every Sunday; but she left the small dish of peppermint candy he always brought for the nurses.  There was a stack of greeting cards and a few small stuffed animals, an unused bottle of lotion and the thick book of baby names.
Jake returned shortly with the doctor right behind him.  There were papers to be signed and some last instructions about resting, taking care for the baby and eating well. The vitamins were for daily use and her doctor wanted to see her at his office every week through the birth and for some time afterwards.  He guessed that she was about ten to twelve weeks from delivery and he wanted to be prepared as she would probably have a cesarean birth.  He said he knew for certain that her baby was in great health and growing rapidly.  His eyes twinkled and he spoke with affection and care.  Sarah had a picture flash in her mind of him holding her hand while she was in her coma.  She smiled in gratitude.
Then he said, “I have been very proud to be a part of your return to health.  In fact, I have kept a detailed diary of your entire time with us.  It is going to be published in a medical journal dedicated to the treatment of head injuries and I’m going to give you half of the money.  It’s only about $15,000.00 but it should tide you over until you are back on your feet.  There may be some people who will want to interview you as well, and they expect pay you for that. 
 “You are a very rare case.  Most patients who come in as physically damaged as you were and already in a coma don’t wake up and those who do wake up are usually so impaired that they cannot live normally.  You are the first case we have ever seen at this hospital where our patient is going home to a normal life and will only return to have her baby which grew remarkably well during the coma.  It’s amazing and miraculous. You are astonishing.” Most of the doctor’s review of her case was exactly right, but Sarah’s life would never again be normal by any standard.  It would forever be extraordinary. Sarah hardly knew what do say.  What a stroke of luck that she had been in the care of this doctor and that he had kept a record of her condition good enough for publishing.  And then to give half the money to her was astounding.  She threw her arms around him and gave him a hug filled with appreciation.  She had big tears in her eyes and thanked him over and over. He beamed under her appreciation and said that it was his honor to be a part of such an amazing event.
 An orderly arrived with the wheelchair.  Jake carefully guided Sarah into it and set the satchel so she could hold it on her lap.  He and the doctor escorted her as the orderly pushed her out of the room down the long hall (which always seemed ever so familiar to Sarah) and down to the lobby in the elevator.  All along the way nurses and hospital staff waved goodbye and wished her well. They stopped on the outside of the entrance while Jake went for his car. 
The doctor handed her his card and said, “Be sure to call me instantly if you have questions or there is anything you don’t understand.  ”And then he added.  “I’d be glad to hear from you even if you just wanted to have cup of coffee.  ”She looked at the doctor and smiled and said she would as she put the card into the bag.  She was touched by his generosity and surprised at his gesture of friendship.  She knew for sure she’d take him up on his offer.
Jake arrived with his car and came around to open the passenger door. He and the orderly helped Sarah out of the wheelchair and into the front passenger seat and closed the door.  Jake set the satchel in the back seat.  The orderly and the doctor both waved as they returned to the hospital lobby and Jake went around the car and got in.  He turned and with joy in his eyes he asked, “Are you ready, Sarah?  ”She nodded that she was; Jake put the car in gear and they were on their way home.
When they arrived at his small rambler he hurried around to open the door for Sarah. She said, “You know Jake, I think I want to get out by myself.  I’m really quite strong and healthy.  You can take the bag though.  ”She put her legs out first and then stood, walked a few steps toward the house and threw up her arms to breathe deeply from the outside air.  She had not been out of her room for a long time and the hospital air was always so clean.  The fresh spring air was filled with richness and Sarah went up to the bench on the porch and sat down. Jake hurried behind her and asked if she was tired. She said no, she wasn’t, just enjoying doing something that was as ordinary as sitting on a bench in fresh air in a nice neighborhood in the company of her loving brother.
Jake smiled and sat down on the bench with her.  He took her hand and wanted to cry. He was so relieved that what the doctor had said was right. Sarah was back, all of her, and he was overjoyed.  He stood and walked to the door before Sarah could notice his emotions and said, “I’ll leave the door unlocked for you.  ”She smiled and continued to enjoy sitting on the bench in the refreshing spring air.

Chapter 28
Home Making II

Seymore had been in his study contemplating his lack of a solution to the problem of making greeters available for the great light travelers.  He could not get beyond his meager knowledge of the stranded light and what memories he had of encounters with the light both during and after Sarah’s presence at ES360.He came to no conclusions, not even close. 
One thing he did know was that Jesmond loved The Watcher and he decided that in the absence of any progress on greeters he would make a few steps toward establishing a good place for the big foggy eye.  He needed to round up Mesa and Jesmond for the effort.
He found Mesa relaxing, possibly sleeping, in her turret room but Jesmond’s whereabouts was unknown.  Without disturbing Mesa, he went back to the library and around to Geralty’s room where he found his protégée busy with another receiver.  He asked him what it was for and was told that it would be put down at the Beach House so that communications about the holograms would be faster and easier.  He looked at his clever assistant and said, “You know what?  I think I’m going to take your suggestion that I have one of those in my study.  Can you make one for me and arrange with Mesa to make it work?”
Geralty said, “I would love to do that.  I’m getting better and better at Mercury band communications and really like it.  Mesa will be impressed that I’ve inspired you to enjoy the benefits of her nifty band.  ”Geralty was almost teasing him; Seymore quickly changed the subject and asked, “Do you know where Jesmond is?  ”Geralty said he didn’t but that she had come in a while ago and enticed Fred to go somewhere with her.  He didn’t know where and added, “Maybe she’s down at the Beach House.”
Seymore left and went into his office and looked out to see if she was at the pond.  She wasn’t.  He went on to the library and out the double doors and down toward picnic table.  As he approached it he looked up at the dome and there was Jesmond sitting cross-legged on the grass with Fred and looking up at The Watcher.  She was talking to the eye but he was too far away to hear what she was saying. He continued to observe the young Mercury scrap communicate with the big vague eye.  It seemed to respond to what she was saying.  When she laughed the eye seemed to smile and otherwise appeared enchanted by Jesmond.  She was charming and disarming and seemed to have no fear of anything.
He walked toward the conversation and when he was close enough to be heard easily he said, “Hello, Jesmond.  I see you are getting acquainted with The Watcher.” She turned around enough to see him and waved.  She turned back to the Watcher and said, “You have more company.”
When Seymore reached Jesmond he sat down next to her on the new grass and said, “How would you like it if we found a way to move the Watcher to your table in the atrium? I think I know how to do that now.” Jesmond opened her eyes very wide and said to The Watcher, “You’re going to come and live in the room next to mine.  Isn’t that great?” Oddly, the big soft eye seemed to know exactly what Jesmond said.  Seymore didn’t know what to make of the relationship that Jesmond had created with The Watcher.  Or was it The Watcher’s creation? Strange as it was it seemed friendly and mutual.  The Watcher seemed to look out at Jesmond as a cherished companion.
Both Seymore and Jesmond stood and Jesmond reached up and touched the glass next to the eye and said she would see The Watcher soon. She called to Fred, took Seymore’s hand and they walked toward the cottage.  Seymore told her that they needed to talk to Mesa who was the expert on magic desks and that he knew she was in the turret room.
They went in the double doors, and crossed to the entry to the old office to find that Mesa was still relaxing on her fancy couch.  Fred had followed them and immediately jumped up on Mesa.  She quickly sat up, grabbed the cat and set him firmly on the floor.  “That’s the second time that cat’s walked on me!” she complained.  Seymore stifled a laugh but Jesmond giggled out loud which drew a stern look from the proper schoolmarm.  Mesa then smiled herself and invited them to sit down.  Jesmond went to the window seat and Seymore moved the wing backed chair closer to the chaise.
Seymore began, “Jesmond and I want the Watcher to move to her table in the atrium.  I told her that we would need your approval for a plan to do that. Here’s my idea and you tell me what you think.  ”He smiled at Jesmond and continued, “I think I should move Sarah’s ring to the top of the table but I would like to do it so that the Watcher can see what’s happening.  I could go around and make a small hole in the lowest glass panel of the atrium on the side that faces the dome and then come around, pick it up and put it on the table where the Watcher can see it.  What do you think so far?” Mesa said it sounded fine.  Jesmond asked “What ring?”
Then Seymore realized that Jesmond didn’t know much about Sarah. He briefly explained. “Sarah left her ring when she visited Seymore Place after arriving on a great light.  She was the first.  The light in the dome is a portion of her light, but she has returned to The Rim.  By having the ring on the ledge, the eye remained in the dome where we could always find it. We’re pretty sure if we put the ring on your table that The Watcher will follow.  ”Jesmond silently took in all the information and then said, “I see.  ”And she really did, more than Seymore did.
Mesa said.  “Let’s try it.  I’m going to shift back to my desk and make sure that the watcher doesn’t return to my space.  Jesmond you go and watch from the window in your room.  You’ll be able to see both your desk and Seymore when he passes the ring through the glass.  Seymore, if she knocks on the window in her room you’ll know that something isn’t working.”
They all agreed on the plan and went to their positions.  When Seymore was back beside the dome, he approached The Watcher and then moved, without the ring, to the window panel of the atrium nearest to the dome. To his surprise The Watcher followed him even though he left the ring on the ledge.  What was it attracted to?  He was losing confidence in his plan.  Nevertheless he reached down and made a small hole that the ring could fit through. He walked back and picked up the ring from the ledge.  The Watcher followed, seemed perfectly content and when he returned to put the ring through the hole the Watcher seemed to observe his every move.  He looked up at Jesmond’s window to see if she was watching.  She was, and gave him a big grin and a thumbs-up.  He dropped the ring through the hole and walked back toward the cottage entrance. The Watcher stayed with the ring. Seymore’s confidence was restored.
He hurried into the cottage, across the library and down the hallway to the French doors that opened into the atrium.  He moved the ring from the corner to the table and resealed the hole.  The Watcher remained across from the atrium staring in looking slightly confused. Jesmond opened the other door from her room and stepped into the atrium.  She drew a magic chair from the table and sat down with her hands on the colorful swirls that moved slowly over the top. The Watcher disappeared and instantly reappeared in the magic table top. Success!
Seymore looked at Jesmond and wondered what kinds of power she had that he had failed to recognize.  He smiled at her and said, “I’ll be right back.” He went into Jesmond’s room and across to the Mesa table and said, “It’s OK Mesa, The Watcher is in the table in the atrium.” She immediately appeared as the young winged woman and congratulated him.  He said it might be Jesmond who deserves the accolades. They both turned and went through Jesmond’s room to the atrium.
Jesmond was sitting at the table and watching the eye with a gentle focus.  Every now and then she would smile and say something; occasionally she moved her small hands over the surface of the table top.  When she saw Seymore and Mesa she motioned for them to come closer.  She picked up the ring and handed it to Seymore saying, “You can keep this, The Watcher doesn’t need it.  I can talk to The Watcher now.  It’s a very simple communication system but it will improve with use, and I’m so glad that is my job” She was absolutely infectious.  She smiled with such warmth and open good will that she was irresistible.  She was confident and happy.  Seymore and Mesa were too.
Seymore, with sincere enthusiasm, said, “It is, indeed, you job and you’ve done it very well so far.  ”Mesa asked, “What is The Watcher telling you?” Jesmond looked at Mesa for a long time and then said, “Not much, yet.  I am going to have to figure out how The Watcher communicates.  There’s an emotional part that’s pretty easy.  The Watcher’s very glad to have this table to use for communicating.  I tried to tell The Watcher that I will always be here to listen and I hope he understood. It’s hard to say anything more.  But I do know that The Watcher likes his name.”
Seymore and Mesa made sure that Jesmond understood how much they appreciated what she was doing and how helpful her talking to The Watcher was. They left her to her unusual conversation and retreated out the French doors and went into the study.  Seymore sat down heavily in his big chair and Mesa sat on the ottoman in front of him.  He very seriously asked, “Is there something I don’t know about Jesmond?  She seems to have some skills that I don’t know anything about.” Mesa nodded and said, “I think we should find a time to talk to her more about communicating with The Watcher so that we see how it’s going to work with the holograms and the greeters.  And maybe we can learn how and what she’s doing.  I had no idea she was so talented when I chose her, but I am certainly glad I did.” She hoped what she said was reassuring to Seymore.  She felt quite good about the direction things were headed.
Mesa realized that Jesmond was very adept as a communicator and that her skills exceeded her own, which were ample. Since she and Jesmond and Geralty were all naturally Mercurial they were each attracted to communication and no form of communicating was better than another. But Seymore’s background was human and transitional and the skills that Jesmond could easily manage might be unnerving to him.
She was quite sure that Jesmond’s skills were going to open the doors for communicating with the lights and she wanted Seymore to go in that direction and not worry about that nature of Jesmond’s unusual abilities. 
Mesa was concerned that she hadn’t said enough and continued, “Watching Jesmond just now, I think that with our help she is going to be and important part of establishing the necessary services for the lights and their travelers, don’t you?  ”She didn’t wait for an answer.  “How do you see the new communication working to help with the greeters? I actually don’t have any idea.  ”Seymore looked at Mesa and appreciated that she was concerned with what was important.  He shifted his thinking to pursue being of service to the light travelers. He sat up and said, “Thank you, Mesa, I’m back on track now.  ”He reached out and patted her hand and smiled.  “I’m going to sit here for a while and enjoy our progress, small though it is.”
Mesa stood and said, “I’m going to go finish my nap, which has been interrupted twice by a cat.  ”She shook her schoolmarm finger at the clever cat sitting on the back of Seymore’s big chair.  Fred just tapped his tail and squinted.

Chapter 29
 Home Making III

After Mesa left, Seymore couldn’t get his thought to clarify in any meaningful way so he went to his desk and removed the envelope that Valentino had sent back with Geralty.  He knew now was a good time to reveal his gift.  Both Mesa and Geralty would be thrilled and Jesmond would gain some understanding of who Sarah was when her hologram was revealed. He would make a point of reviewing Sarah’s visit and inviting everyone to recount their memories, even Fred in his own way. He opened the envelope and withdrew the hologram card and a sheet of folded paper.  He set the card on his desk and unfolded the letter.  It read:
 
Dearest Brother,
I am glad to send you a hologram of the stored coma image of your Sarah.  To open the hologram you simply need to press the small black dot on the lower left corner of the card.  Be sure that the card is on a flat and stable surface and that the side with the dot is facing up. The hologram will emerge about the size of your beautiful black and white cat and by pressing the black dot the image will increase in size.  To store the image just press the red button and the image will refold itself into the card holder.  I hope everyone at Seymore Place finds joy in this image.
We were all delighted with Geralty and he made fast friends with the assistants I assigned to work with him during his visit. He is welcome back any time.  We would all enjoy a visit from you as well.
The Mercury band is set to be initiated when Geralty returns the message,and when it is back I am going to ask our operator, to establish a link to a separate receiver on my desk.  If you ask Geralty to do the same for you we can communicate directly; though I would appreciate it if you have Mesa send one of those little Seymores every now and then.  They always make me chuckle.
I am going to make a visit to Preservation with The Meddlers soon on the advice and counsel of Geralty.  He senses things and has understanding beyond what is expected. You made a fine choice in making him your protégée.
I send you good wishes and love always,
 Your brother, Valentino.

Seymore put the message and the hologram back in the top draw of his desk.  He decided that the place for the unveiling would be the round oak table in the library where they had their small farewell celebration for Sarah when she left for home.  He stood and walked into the hall and across to Geralty’s room.
Geralty was working at his desk with Fred sitting on one corner watching with curiosity.  Seymore asked, “As soon as you can, will you meet me in the library.  I have a small piece of news that I want to share with everyone.” Geralty said he was right behind him.  Seymore added, “Be sure to bring Fred as he will benefit from the news as well.  ”Geralty gave Seymore a puzzled look and went to his desk to pick up the cat.
Seymore headed for the old office to invite Jesmond and Mesa to the big reveal. They were sitting together at Mesa’s magic table, deep in conversation and were slow to notice his arrival.  They seemed to be hatching something, he thought.  He asked them to come to the library and that he’d meet them there. He turned back in the direction of his study to retrieve the hologram.
Everyone was gathered in front of the bay window looking down at the meadow waiting for him.  He gestured and said, “Let’s all sit at the round oak table. Be sure to hold Fred because I’m going to put something important on the table.  ”They all looked at each other and were about to ask what, but Seymore held up his hand for them to wait and they did.
Seymore rather solemnly sat down and carefully set the card on the table in front of him, and announced, “I have a gift for us to share.  It is very precious and I am thrilled that, with the help of Valentino, I can share it with you. It is a hologram copy of the coma image that Sarah no longer needs because she is safe and living her life at The Rim.  The image is exactly how she appeared when she was here at Seymore Place.  The image is our assurance that Sarah is safe and pursuing her purpose for her life.  It also proves that the great light she rode on was able to deliver her safely after leaving Seymore Place.  If you’re ready, I’ll activate the hologram.” He paused and looked around the table.  Mesa and Geralty were on pins and needles and Jesmond looked puzzled. 
Seymore moved the card to the center of the table and pressed the black dot.  A small hologram of Sarah instantly appeared.  It wasn’t animated, so Seymore slowly turned the card so that everyone could see it from all sides.  It was in full color and perfectly detailed. Geralty and Mesa were enchanted and Geralty was ready to cry.  Fred was spell bound and tried to leave Geralty’s arms.  Jesmond leaned forward and watched the turning image taking in every detail but was untouched by the emotion of the event.
They were silent for a long time.  Seymore then said, “I can make the image larger if you like.  ”There was no response, everyone seemed enchanted.  He reached out and taped the black dot and Sarah’s image doubled in size. She was like an exquisite doll.  He then asked, “Does anyone have something to say?”
Mesa finally spoke, “Seymore, this is amazing.  It’s wonderful to have this image and I think we need to find a place to keep it so we can all enjoy it.  It isn’t Sarah though.  It is only her former image and I can’t feel her spirit in this hologram.  She was brave, kind and warm; this image is fabulous but empty.  The true gift was Sarah’s presence here and the love we shared with her will live always with each of us in our own way. I’m glad to have this reminder of her and I think we should make her full size and set the hologram in the atrium near the light.  What do you think?  ”Seymore agreed with Mesa’s assessment of the hologram.  It was true of every hologram; in fact, it was true of every image.  He liked the idea of putting the hologram in the atrium.
Then Geralty, looking pensive and thoughtful, said, “I think the atrium is the best place too, but I think we should create a beautiful box using all the colors in the hologram to decorate it and put it on a pedestal in the corner by the French doors.  A treasure chest to hold the symbol or the wonderful gift that Sarah is very special.”.  He leaned back in his chair and held Fred very close.
Jesmond, in a very quiet voice, said, “I understand now why The Watcher loves Sarah.  He must miss her terribly. Having the hologram near The Watcher is a perfect place for it.  But I have a strong intuition that the hologram should never be expanded in the atrium.  It might be very distressing for The Watcher.”
Seymore and Mesa looked at Jesmond and both wondered how she knew what she knew.  They were glad she knew, but not at all sure how she knew.  They were always caught by surprise by what she knew.
Geralty smiled at Jesmond and said, “I think that is very smart.  I think we should make the treasure chest large enough that we can add to it as wonderful things come our way. We could start by putting in a small memory message about Sarah from each of us.  Having the treasure box could help keep us focused on our purpose here and we might use it as the center of any celebrations we have as we pass milestones of achievement.”
Mesa enthusiastically agreed, “Geralty, that is genius.  Sarah’s image will be the beginning of our collection of wonderful memories and accomplishments at Seymore’s Place.  Thank you, Geralty, your idea is perfect.  ”Seymore added his endorsement and added, “I’m going to refold the hologram and return it to my desk for now.”  He tapped the red dot on the card, the hologram refolded itself into the card and he stood to go to his study. As he was walking down the hall between his study and the atrium he realized that the end of the hall was blank.  He quickly returned the hologram to his top desk drawer and went back to the library.
He was quite excited when he again sat down at the round oak table. “I have found the perfect place for the treasure chest.  There is a protected nook at the end of the hall way between the study and the atrium.  It would still be near the light but the hologram could never be accidentally opened in the atrium. In fact, we could build a cupboard for it to sit in with shelves for Geralty’s history and diaries and other memories.  How does that sound?” His idea met with approval all around. “We all can be proud of what we created here today.  You are all treasures!” He chuckled and his three companions rolled their eyes and shook their heads.
Then Geralty said, “Mesa, Seymore has decided to have a Mercury band receiver in his study. If I create the set up will you make it work? He’ll be able to talk privately to his brother at Middle Mind any time he wants.  ”Mesa, looking feisty, said, “Really? Seymore wants technology in his study?” And Seymore said, “Even Valentino said in his note that it’s a good idea and that he’s having one set up for his desk.  I’ve decided to make this change and see how I like it.” Everyone enjoyed a good laugh at Seymore’s expense and stood to return to their own projects.
Seymore stood and put his hands in his pockets and watched the others leave.  He felt the small ring in his pocket and decided that it belonged with the hologram in his desk and eventually it would be put in the treasure chest.  Seymore went through to his study to place the ring in the envelope with the hologram.  He also wanted to spend some time considering the full impact of Jesmond’s budding talent for talking with The Watcher.
Geralty returned to the library to do something he kept forgetting about. He opened the cupboard and looked at the receiver and the return message from Middle Mind was there.  He touched the light and listened: 

Hello, Geralty.  Message received and suspended message grabbed.  We’re set.  Nice going all around, wouldn’t you say?  Thanks from Celic.

That was just what he wanted to hear.  Now he needed to bring Celic and Middle Mind up to date.  He sent off this message:

Hello Celic, Really glad we are all set up.  We are going to expand the system here to include a set at our new Beach House and one in Seymore’s study.  When those are done I’ll let you know and we can begin the hologram test experiments.  The Beach House connection is ready to activate now and then I can send without having to return to the cottage.  I’ll let you know when you can send the first hologram for the test.    Thanks from Geralty.

Now he could arrange with Mesa to make the connections for the Beach House and then he could finish up the hologram set up.  In the meantime he’d use his receiver patterns to make a set for Seymore’s office and maybe have it done so Mesa could activate both at once. 
After the Sarah hologram unveiling Jesmond went to her room and did some rearranging.  She moved the desk to the wall next to the door and under the window that looked into the atrium. She would always be able to see the table when she was at her desk and wouldn’t miss any signals from The Watcher. She moved her love seat to face the same wall so she could also see The Watcher from there.  Then she sat down at the desk and thought about what she had learned about Sarah.
 The earth girl had made a huge impression on everyone at Seymore Place it seemed and she was not completely sure why.  She had never seen or met anyone who was active at The Rim, only transitionals like Seymore, who were definitely very special.  There must be something even more impressive about an active Rim resident.  A part of her wished she too had met Sarah. She would one day.
She went to the other side of the screen to see if Mesa was available. Her mentor was sitting at her magic table deep in thought.  Jesmond moved closer to see if she could be noticed and when Mesa saw her she motioned for her to sit down.
Mesa asked her, “Jesmond, are you a telepath?  ”Jesmond said she was but that was not her primary talent.  Mesa smiled.  There were parts of Jesmond that were innocent of how incredibly powerful she was.  “Telepathy is a rare and extraordinary gift.  Is it what you use to talk with The Watcher?” Jesmond frowned and said, “I’m not sure, Mesa.  The Watcher communicates with small stories.  It sometimes takes me several tries to understand what a story means.”
Mesa looked at this special Mercury pattern and asked, “What kind of stories?  ”Jesmond replied, “The Watcher gave me a short story about a beautiful child finding a safe and colorful glade in the woods where he stayed until his mother called. The feeling tone was that the Watcher was talking either about itself or its traveler.  The Watcher used great emotion so he may be talking about Sarah but it is The Watcher who yearns to go home to The Rim so the child in the glade may be in the light in the dome.” 
Mesa instantly realized that Jesmond had inadvertently taken on far more responsibility than was necessary.  Mesa gently suggested that before she made any conclusions about what The Watcher was trying to convey that she bring the stories to either her or Seymore, or both.  She emphasized that The Watcher’s messages were vital to the purpose of ES360 and being as clear about them as possible was important. 
Jesmond looked surprised and then embarrassed.  She said, “It isn’t my job then to care for The Watcher?” Mesa quickly reassured her, “It most certainly is your job and you have proved yourself both intelligent and creative in service to the great light’s foggy eye.  That service is vital to the future success of the station and appreciated more than I can explain right now. However, you’re not responsible for meeting the Watcher’s needs or utilizing the new communication methods to facilitate the greeters for the light travelers.  Ultimately, Seymore is.”
Jesmond thought she understood and was reassured that her job was not in any jeopardy.  She wasn’t sure what a greeter was and had only seen one hologram of the only light travelers she knew about. Jesmond was feeling confused.  The one thing she was sure of was that with continued practice she would soon be able to communicate efficiently and easily with the magnificent Watcher.  Jesmond would be the first to know what the great lights knew.

Chapter 30
Story Teller

Mesa could see that Jesmond wasn’t clear about the job she had been charged with.  Mesa wasn’t totally clear either, but she made a sincere effort to set Jesmond on a path that would be easy and productive.
Mesa said, “It is a wonderful, almost miraculous, thing that you have been able, on your own, to create a relationship with The Watcher.  We believe The Watcher is a means to gaining lots of information that is needed to provide the best, safest and most reliable means for the great lights to make use of the dome. We also believe it will be essential to create the scenarios necessary to support the riders to return to their lives and then to ride the great light home safely.  ”She waited to see if Jesmond understood and, being fairly sure she did, she continued. 
“From the very beginning Seymore has always been certain to include me, then Geralty and now you in his plans.  I can see now that I’ve not always told you things that I knew when I should have and I’m sorry for that.  I am going to be much better about that from now on.  We need a plan for making sure that you have all the support you need to continue with the wonderful contribution you always make to our mission here.”
Jesmond looked at Mesa and said, “Thank you.  I have been thinking that my skills wouldn’t be good enough to find a way of communicating with The Watcher.  I would be very sad to have to leave Seymore Place.     I love it here and I love The Watcher.  ”Tears welled up in her eyes and Mesa reached for her small hand and held it very tight.  She put her other hand on top of Mesa’s and continued, “Since I have been here I have been sending telepathic message into the great light in the dome and when I was able to see the great eye from the Weedy Field I was thrilled to know that it had understood my messages of love and good will.  The Watcher is very happy now to be in my desk and we are able to exchange information that wasn’t possible before.  I think that’s because the Watcher feels safer.  ”She looked at Mesa with wide-eyed sincerity and spoke with the urgency of one who deeply desires to be understood.
“I will be glad to be able to bring the stories to you and Seymore instead of working to understand them by myself. I don’t have any understanding of life at The Rim. Everything that The Watcher tells me is about The Rim and it seems so strange to me.  As I said, the emotional content is very easy, but the rest is just not clear to me at all.” She stopped and looked at Mesa to see if she understood.
Mesa did and let Jesmond know, “Well, Seymore knows lots and lots about The Rim and it will be much easier for him to understand what The Watcher is talking about.  He and his brother, Valentino, oversaw the entire Zone where personalities from The Rim return to transition.  I don’t know how many tours he has made at The Rim, but he has a great deal of personal experience.  Between your communication skills and Seymore’s bank of knowledge, I believe we are all going to learn everything we need to know.  ”She looked at Jesmond who seemed to be more at ease.  Knowing that she had a way to understand the Watcher’s stories simply by asking Seymore was a relief. 
 The young Mercury scrap smiled and said, “That really does make a big difference.  Sometimes the little stories are told in odd ways and seem to be hard for The Watcher to tell. The Watcher sometimes seems shy.  I think it’s because it is very young.  ”She stopped and smiled at Mesa and went on, “I think I’ll go back and visit for a while with the shy, young Watcher.” 
She and Mesa stood and Mesa gave the young pattern a generous hug and Jesmond clung to her.  Mesa felt that she should have taken better care of Jesmond and vowed to do more to look out for her from now on.  Jesmond released Mesa and went off to her end of the big room; there was a new lightness in her step.  Mesa left to find and talk to Seymore.
 Seymore was in his study when Mesa found him and so was Geralty.  They were laughing and acting silly over Seymore’s resistance to technical communication.  Geralty was teasing him while setting up the new Mercury band receiver on the corner of his big desk.  She sat down on the daybed and watched them until Geralty was able to finish and say, “Now Mesa can make this work for you and you’ll be able to talk to your brother any time you want.” 
Mesa said, “I’ll do that right now if you like.”  Both Seymore and Geralty jumped from surprise and then laughed even harder.  Mesa went over to the receiver and hit a series of keys on the pad and then gave Seymore a three digit code.  She told Seymore that he would have to put the code in each time in order to make the connection to the band in the library and on to Middle Mind.
Seymore, still looking very happy, thanked Mesa and told Geralty that as usual he had done a fine job.  He turned back to Mesa and said, “You appear to have something on your mind.”  She said that was true.  Geralty quickly excused himself and left through the pocket door closest to his room and shut it behind him.  Mesa asked Seymore to close the door across from the atrium.  He did and then sat down in his big leather chair and propped his feet on the ottoman.  He said, “Mesa, this must be important.”
“Yes,” she said, “I believe it is. I just had a long and very interesting conversation with Jesmond and she had a lot to say about The Watcher.  She has a growing relationship with the great light and The Watcher is much happier now that it has a place at her table.  Jesmond’s opinion is that The Watcher is very young.  She is in the process of building a reliable means of communicating with the big soft eye.  She explained that the emotional content of the information from the eye is very easy to understand and respond to, but The Watcher tells small stories that have meanings that are hard for her to understand since the content all refers to activities and events at The Rim.”  Mesa continued to give Seymore all the details of her conversation and then concluded, “Seymore, we need to make an effort to be more aware and available to Jesmond.  She is doing much more complex work than I ever imagined.  But we also need to be sensitive and thoughtful to this sweet pattern.  She is not aware of the power and impact of her gifts and we need to help her grow into them and not take her skills for granted.  The main skill she is using seems to be intended telepathy and that is very uncommon.”
Seymore thanked Mesa for telling him about Jesmond’s relationship with The Watcher and said he would do everything possible to assist her, especially with interpreting the stories.  “Right now, I’d like to think about what you’ve told me and then we can talk again.  I may have some questions.” 
Mesa was surprised at Seymore’s even response, no hint of excitement about the potential for meaningful conversation with The Watcher.  She stood, congratulated him on his recent technical advancement, rolled her eyes and left by the back door to go out and enjoy a spate of thinking of her own by the pond.
Seymore had to dredge up every ounce of personal control to keep from dancing around the room and jumping up and down with joy before Mesa left. Her recounting of the dynamic conversation between young Jesmond and The Watcher produced what he was sure was the flash of inspiration he had been expecting.
He began to make some deductions based on his new information.  The light told its story to Jesmond in terms that would make sense at The Rim because all lights were constructed from Rim stuff and were created at The Rim.  The stranded light was in a glade (the dome) in a forest (all that can be seen from the dome on one side is woods and the Weedy Field).Hearing his mother’s call fits perfectly with Sarah’s experience of the rocket baby in the light.  It was the baby who had originally owned the stranded light in the dome. It would have had to be the baby’s mother who called the baby back with her mournful love and ultimately led to the baby’s abandoned light being attracted to Sarah and was now stranded at the dome.
His mind was racing to figure out exactly how he was going to enlist The Watcher to convey the stories of the light travelers to Jesmond. The stories would be directly related to each light since both the traveler and light were created from Rim units.  Would an arriving light automatically impress its traveler on to the stranded light as Sarah’s had?  Once the integration had taken place the Watcher could automatically relay the story of the arriving traveler to Jesmond. Once that was done it would be very simple to provide the holograms and instructions to accommodate the travelers’ needs.  He knew for sure he had it 90% figured out and now he just had to urge everything into the proper order and place to produce the perfect solution.  He stood up from his desk chair and went out the back door to where Mesa was.  He just had to tell her.
He was nearly dancing as he approached Mesa.  She was sitting looking out over the pond with her back to him and he called her name, louder than he needed to, and she jumped to her feet.  She quickly moved down the paved path to meet him.  He grabbed her by the shoulders and then gave her a bear hug.  He held her as he laughed and swayed. He finally released her, she gasped for breath and he ushered her to the bench where she had been sitting.
They sat there side by side, Mesa dumbfound, and Seymore delirious.  Finally Mesa couldn’t stand it any longer.  “Seymore, what’s going on?  I’ve never seen you like this.”  Seymore was smiling so wildly that she thought his face might be damaged.  Then he said, “The flash of inspiration I’ve been expecting has arrived and I have the path to completion of ES360. The Watcher can speak in stories and the stories can be told to Jesmond and through her to us.  The reason for the greeters is to meet the travelers with the background and characters that will most fit with the light traveler’s personal stories.”  He stopped and then said it again, “… with the light traveler’s personal stories!”
Mesa looked at him rather blankly and said, “I don’t think I understand what you are so happy about.”  Seymore’s look of exasperations was almost comical and Mesa mistakenly laughed.
Mesa’s lack of comprehension set Seymore on fire with energy and he stood and began to pace back and for the in front of her.  He was determined to make her understand.  “When the light arrived here it had Sarah as its traveler, but there were two lights.  Sarah’s light dominated because the smaller light, the one now in the dome, did not have its traveler. The Watcher knew that its way home was with Sarah, but that didn’t happen.  When there are two lights in the dome the larger light dominates and that will happen again when the next great light arrives with its traveler.  The arriving light’s story will dominate our stranded light and the integration will automatically impress the arriving traveler’s tale on our Watcher. 
“The Watcher can tell the larger light’s story to Jesmond, etc, etc.  Do you understand now?  It’s exactly what we need.  We have all the pieces and now we just have to put them in working order.  Do you understand now?”
Mesa looked at Seymore without expression and then she couldn’t keep up the ruse and burst into a laugh and shouted, “Yes, I understand!” They laughed and laughed and began to dance around the pond, a kind of stumbling polka.  They were beside themselves with glee.  When they couldn’t dance any longer they walked down the path to the back entrance to Seymore’s study.  They congratulated each other several time.  Then Mesa continued on through to her turret room and Seymore fell into his big chair and nearly passed out with giddy relief.
It wasn’t easy, but Seymore did regain his composure.  He was intent on making a step by step plan to complete ES360 physically and begin to establish a format that would be effective each time a great light arrived with its traveler.  It was complex and would still take some doing, and it was a joy to work on it and know that the results were going to be good. 
He decided to start by finding Geralty and seeing how the installation for the transfer of the holograms was progressing.  He went out of his office and across to Geralty’s room.  He wasn’t there so he looked down the meadow to see if there was any activity at the Beach House.  He saw Geralty and Fred making their way up the lane.  He went around to the library and out the double doors and headed toward his protégée and the handsome black and white cat. 
They met at the picnic table and Seymore picked up Fred, sat on one of the benches and invited Geralty to sit on the other.  Geralty noticed right away that Seymore seemed brighter than usual, his smile seemed easy and there was a new light in his eyes.
Geralty said, “I see something good has happened.  What’s going on?” Seymore grinned at him and said.  “I have had the flash of inspiration I have been expecting and it is quite wonderful.  It’s also unexpected in many ways.  But nothing is going to have to be changed. It is an expansion of the good work we have already done.  Tell me how you are coming with the hologram transport system.”
Geralty smiled almost as broadly as Seymore and said, “I am proud to say that it is up and running, it has been tested with three different transfers and it works perfectly.  Celic and I were even able to make an enhancement that makes it possible to send several related holograms at one time making the use of the system much more efficient.” 
Seymore said, “Wonderful!  Be sure to tell him that I am very pleased and proud of you both.  I’ll give the same message to Valentino so that Celic gets some local credit.  ”Then he suddenly changed the subject.
“I think you should include your achievement in the history of Seymore Place that you are writing and you can add that I have found the means to complete ES360.I can’t yet say exactly how it’s going to happen as it will be step by step until the last little detailed is complete, but I am sure of which direction to go and how to get there. It is an enormous relief and I am very grateful.”
Geralty was pleased to share his happiness and looked at him with great admiration.  Seymore was amazing.  His tenacity always paid off and he never gave up.  Geralty congratulated him several time and asked what had happened that produced the flash of inspiration.
Seymore said it was Jesmond’s ability to communicate with The Watcher and finding out that The Watcher conveys information in stories.  Geralty said he didn’t understand and Seymore told him not to worry that in time he would.
They were both feeling very confident and simply sat in each others’ company and enjoyed their sense of wellbeing and achievement.  Even Fred seemed to sit taller and held his head a little higher.

Chapter 31
This and That

Seymore gave Fred a gentle rub, turned to Geralty and said, “I think we are at a place where we could benefit from a small celebration of what we have accomplished so far, don’t you?  You did such a nice job of the tribute to Sarah when she left. I think you are just the one to handle this new event.  I particularly want to feature our Jesmond as the star of the occasion.”
Geralty said he would love to plan a little party to mark this new milestone.  “I’ll make a plan and we can go over it.  Why don’t we keep it a secret from Jesmond and surprise her.” Seymore thought that a good strategy. They both stood, Geralty picked up Fred, and they made their way side by side to the cottage. Geralty headed for his room and Seymore went into the old office to find Jesmond.  He wanted to privately tell her how grateful he was for her progress in communicating with The Watcher.
He called Jesmond but there was no response and Mesa wasn’t in the turret room. Seymore looked out the big window toward the dome and saw them under the new pergola sitting in the swing deep in conversation. He wondered if he should go interrupt them and decided against it.  He turned and went into the library.  He sat down at the game table in front of the bay window and looked out over the big meadow and down to the Beach House.  He began thinking through the next steps in his plan to complete ES360.
Back in his room, which was such a source of pleasure for him, Geralty turned on the receiver to listen to the stream of information sent out from Mercury Place.  Then he sat down at his desk and also looked out over the big meadow to the Beach House. His thoughts were about the celebration. 
He decided that part of the festivities would be a big thank you for Jesmond and an expression of how much everyone loved her and what a fine addition she was to Seymore Place.  He thought that the creation of the treasure chest could be another part, and he thought that maybe they should have the get together in the atrium at the beautiful table with The Watcher.  His plans were coming together nicely and he began writing them out.
He wanted Mesa to make the treasure chest that would go into the cupboard at the end of hall. He’d ask Seymore to create the cupboard with a place for the chest.  He also wanted someone to make a box or something to hold the hologram of Sarah for storage inside the chest. He’d ask everyone what they thought should be put in the box for safe keeping.
The only thing he didn’t have was a small gift for Jesmond.  He would ask everyone to make a small written tribute to her of thanks and affection. Was that enough? Some small token would be nice too.  He’d give it more thought later.  In the meantime he wanted to get things rolling and the first step was going over the plans with Seymore
He decided that he needed a larger project too.  The holograms transmission was complete and the Mercury band was totally functional. He’d put in a request for new directions from Seymore when the celebration plans were approved.
As Geralty thought through the plans and arrangements for the occasion, Mesa and Jesmond had gone to initiate the new swing and do some thinking and planning of their own.  Mesa’s personal pledge to take better care of Jesmond was part of the agenda.  Mesa purposefully told Jesmond everything that she could think of about Seymore Place, how it was started and why, she gave her insights into Units of Energy, and the story of Geralty’s arrival was included. She was hopeful that the information would help Jesmond to feel more a part of the station and lend some support for her to expand and make the most of her extraordinary talents. 
Jesmond, for her part, mostly listened and asked very few questions. The information she most wanted was about The Rim.  She knew that Seymore would have to be her resource for that information but she didn’t exactly know how to ask him.  Everything Mesa was telling her filled in the history of Seymore Place.  It gave her new perspectives on everyone, even Fred, but she needed to understand life at The Rim to grow the communication with The Watcher.
When they agreed that Jesmond had enough of a history lesson, Mesa said, “Let’s you and I make a design suggestion for the treasure chest.” Jesmond happily agreed and they began by deciding about how big it should be, then they chose colors and decoration and designed the inside too.  They discussed the cupboard for the end of the hall, a stand for the box to sit on and what kind of a clasp and lock it should have.
They moved to the table in the center of the pergola and Mesa cast some large pieces of paper and drawing pencils.  They set about putting their ideas on the paper and comparing their versions of the basic idea.  They were having a good time and their drawings were clear and made it easy to envision the finished box.  They didn’t have the talent for drawing that Geralty did, however, and decided to take their artistic efforts to him for refinement.
Seymore finished thinking about the completion of the station for the moment and went across to the old office to look out the window again. Mesa and Jesmond were now sitting at the table.  Then he noticed that there was a returning messenger, a little Seymore, standing on the window sill.  He picked it up and headed out of the cottage and up to the pergola to have Mesa release the message.  It was most certainly from his brother and probably had the information he needed to make the next step in his plans; at least he hoped so. 
He made his way out to the Weedy Field.  Mesa and Jesmond were still making drawings and he asked what they were.  Jesmond immediately replied, “They are designs for our treasure chest that we talked about.  I think we have some very nice ideas for the chest and the cupboard.  I want to call it the Memory Trove.  Mesa’s not sure about that name.  What do you think?”  Seymore said he didn’t know for sure right now. He turned to Mesa and said, “There is a message back from Valentino. Could we go down to the picnic table to listen to the reply?”
Mesa stood up and told Jesmond she would be back shortly and to go ahead and finish up a few of the designs.  Then she joined Seymore who was already half way to the picnic table.  She caught up just as he sat down and set the little version of his image on the table.  Mesa reached over and released the message.  Valentino said:

My dear brother,
Part of this reply was quite simple and part very complex and revealing. I remain intrigued about what you are doing at your new creation that the Former Meddlers could have a positive part in.
I have made no decisions regarding new positions for the three gentlemen.  Presently they have lots to do to wrap up the log audit.  I am going to take them on a short tour of Preservation at my first opportunity, but will make no overtures to them until you say so.  Everything about the threesome will remain exactly as is for now.
About the image of Fred:  There are images of certain creatures kept either when they transition or when they permanently remove their essence from The Rim. The first is not as uncommon as you might think.  Many species transition as individuals, others move through transition in groups and some individual creature’s transition as part of the human process.  Fred would be in the latter case as cats don’t usually move in groups and they are not at essence choice.  It’s pretty certain that Fred was separated by accident or choice from his human companion and not transitioned at all.  As a result he would still have traces and probably lots of cell memory that relates to The Rim.  We could find no image that was even remotely like Fred.  The animal images aren’t kept in our logs so we had to check in other areas. There are, oddly, very few cat images. We think it’s because they are said to have so many lives, nine I believe is the usual number.  It is generally believed that they can transition without support and don’t leave The Rim to do so.
Your question about what the abandoned images contain proved to be the most difficult answer to be sure about.  The answer is that some do and some don’t contain traces and memory of The Rim. The ones we know for sure that do have those traces were images that that were sloughed off all at once.  The images that are shed in parts were harder to diagnose as only one of the fragments will have The Rim stuff and the rest of the image will be vacant of any Rim traces or cell memory.  For our log we don’t reconstruct fragmented images and none of the images we are logging for ES360 were ever fragmented; only whole images are considered. You will receive only whole images and all of them will have Rim traces.
The Former Meddlers have been essential in sorting out this question and have assured me that the images they have audited are whole with their Rim memories and that they will fully transport in the new equipment.  Einstein was remarkably good on that part of the question.  They also indicated that those images with memory of The Rim still integrated into their construction will instantly relate to the great white light as it is also made of Rim stuff.  They said you would know that, of course.  However, something tells me you are going to be surprised that they know that.  Am I right?
The question of Rim stuff and images will remain open in my pending files and I am going to set Nolan and Celic on this to do continuing research and document everything we learn. This kind of material could prove useful for other projects and ventures.  We are very glad you asked and you may have opened the door for some highly valuable research and conclusions.  As usual you are thinking well ahead of the curve.
Celic was particularly thrilled by your kind endorsement of his efforts on the hologram transfer system.  All of the assistants send their best regards to your Geralty.
Regarding David, the assistants who were present when he arrived have stayed with him and they used the hologram of Sarah to assist the wanderer to come to accept that she continued at The Rim with his child.  They report that it was a difficult process, but that he has now chosen to move forward of his own volition and is involved in classes that will lead to a new beginning at a Support Station.  He had consistently chosen over and over to return to the Rim, but his last experience made such a lasting impression that he is in training for a new beginning at one of the Support Stations or at Middle Mind services.  In short, he has progressed and is doing well.  You’re help was essential and Sarah’s hologram was an important turning point for him.
Please let me know if there is anything I can do at any time about anything. I think this little Seymore is running out of message space so I’ll close now.
Love to you always from your brother, Valentino

Postscript: It occurred to me after I impressed this message that you might want to have images we send to you screened for Rim materials and memories and I am going to add that to Celic and Nolan’s research mandate.  I’ll keep you posted.

“Do you want to reply, Seymore?”  Mesa asked.  Before he could answer she went on, “This is a golden opportunity to use your new Mercury band to call Valentino and talk to him personally.  Do you have his code number?”
Seymore looked at Mesa and slowly and reluctantly asked, “What’s that?” Mesa looked blankly at Seymore and shaking her head said, “So sad!  You don’t have your own beloved brother’s band number.  So sad!” She put the back of her hand to her forehead in mock woe and groaned.  She shook her head and rolled her eyes and cast a mini-Seymore for him to use for his reply. And still shaking her head she left to assist Jesmond at the pergola.  As she walked along she kept dramatically saying, “So sad!  Soooo sad!”  After about the sixth time even Seymore began to laugh.
He looked at the mini-Seymore and began his message: 

Dearest Valentino
Thank you for all the good information that you sent.  All of it is most helpful and the only images we are interested in are the ones with Rim material. Thanks for checking the images before they are sent. It’s a big help and makes the job here easier.  I’ll look forward to your researchers’ findings.  They can alert Geralty using the Mercury band which will save time and messengers.  I am answering with the mini-Seymore but there is no response needed so you can keep the miniature as a gift.  I hope it brings you an abundance of mirth.
Did Celic have a chance to set up the private band on your desk? If so, could you call the station with the code so we’ll have it for future messages.  I am going to seek some serious instruction in the use of the new technical messenger Geralty has set up in my office. Wish me luck! 
Thank you for the update on David and I’m glad he is progressing.  He had a difficult start this time.
Thank you again, and I’ll keep you up to date on the progress here.  Things really are moving along quite well.
Love to you always from your brother, Seymore.

Seymore took the messenger up to Mesa so she could put in the sending codes.  She was kind and didn’t laugh any more about his technical disabilities.  When the message was sent, he wanted to know how the plans for the celebration were going and he then excused himself and went to find Geralty.  He needed to begin his education in technical things that he saw coming.

Chapter 32
Breakthrough

Geralty was in his room and heard Seymore before he saw him.  Seymore entered through the double doors to the library and was talking out loud the entire time it took for him to reach Geralty’s room. He seemed to be almost crazed.  Geralty was startled when he walked in to the room with a wild look on his face and talking loud and fast.
Geralty ushered him to a chair and pulled his own chair over to sit right in front of him.  Geralty said, “Seymore, what is going on.  What are you talking about?” Seymore continued to talk on in the same wild and meaningless way. Geralty said, “Look, you’ve got to stop this.  You’re not making any sense at all.” And then finally he put his hands on Seymore’s shoulders, did his best to make some kind of eye contact and firmly said, “Stop!”
Fortunately, it worked, Seymore stopped.  Oddly he looked outrageously happy with a wide silly grin and eyes that were ablaze with excitement. He was on fire about something.  Geralty carefully asked him, “Can you tell me what’s going on?  Go slow, there’s no rush.”
Seymore leaned back in the chair and simply said, “I can’t believe it.  I know exactly how to provide for the great light and the light travelers.  I know how to attract them and I know how to send them home.”  Geralty began to relax and smiled. 
“What happened that makes you so sure that you have the solutions?”  Geralty asked.  He really wanted to know.  Seymore leaned forward and said in a clear voice with perfect composure, “I had a message from Valentino and the last bits of necessary information were all there. As I was walking in from the pergola I was thinking about the message and finally realized that there’s nothing like getting a good answer to a good question.  ”He paused and smiled still slightly giddy and so pleased he looked like he might again go into another outrageous display.  Geralty really wanted to keep everything in control, but he wasn’t sure if Seymore did.
He asked Seymore, “Tell me about the message.”  Seymore, more in control now, said, “It was from Valentino and it said lots of things but the thing that finally created the breakthrough was that Rim stuff goes with Rim stuff. Rim stuff seeks its own.”  He looked as if he might revert to his previous ranting, but then he asked, “Do you see?” Geralty said he didn’t and asked for more information.
Seymore now was back to himself and very carefully started talking about what he now knew that he had missed before.  “Geralty, I learned that the answer for being in service at this station is to provide the materials that are actual Rim stuff.  Until now I wrongly assumed that there was a way to help the lights and the travelers using stuff that is not at The Rim.  I assumed that was possible.  It’s not.  There is Rim stuff right here at ES360 that the lights and their travelers relate to.  And with Valentino’s excellent help we are going to have lots more of it.  I’m not making much sense, am I?”  He stopped. His mind was racing in a search for the right words to say what he now knew.
He tried again, “Here are a few things I now know are true.  Rim stuff is attracted to only Rim stuff.  There is a supply of Rim stuff available.  Our mission is in three parts: It is to attract the great lights and their travelers; they are made exclusively of Rim Stuff.  We are to accommodate the wishes of the travelers to play out their stories when they are lodged in the dome.  We now have a resource of Rim Stuff and a means of knowing the travelers’ stories and of providing for their re-creation. Our last job is to allow the greeters we now know how to create to coax the travelers to want to return.  As soon as they do the light will take them safely back to The Rim.”
Geralty looked at Seymore while he replayed in his mind what he had just said.  He had some questions.  “I don’t understand what the resource is for the Rim Stuff.  and how are we going to learn what the traveler’s desires are?” Seymore gave Geralty the smile that said I-absolutely-know-the-correct-answer-to-that-question.  Geralty sincerely hoped he did have an answer and that it was going to make perfect sense; so far not much had.
Seymore patiently and cheerfully resumed, “Valentino just sent a message that said the holograms that are coming to us are images that all contain Rim traces and cell memory.  It means that those images contain not just the construct but the actual materials that can be impressed with the traveler’s desires just like their light is aware of their needs and situation.  And our Jesmond has developed a means of communicating with The Watcher through short Rim stories.  She can read the stranded light’s emotions easily as well through her communication with The Watcher.
“When a great light arrives it will incorporate the stranded light just like Sarah’s light did. Our Watcher will know the story of the arriving traveler and can tell it to Jesmond who can tell us. We provide the necessary holograms and they can enter the light and play out the scenario of the traveler’s story.  They will be impressed with the needed details just like the great lights are.  They can also inspire the traveler to return.  Though I am beginning to believe that the light wants to return to The Rim in their own right; and it seems likely that the traveler naturally wants to return and is simply looking for a safe and easy way to make that choice. It’s good to remember that Sarah’s first question was ‘Can you send me back?’  Geralty it is nearly perfect.  There are a few small details, but we have the solution.”  Seymore noticeably relaxed and leaned back in his chair still grinning with an abundance of joy.
“After thinking about this for so long I nearly burst when I first figured it out. I must have made a complete fool of myself.  But, honestly, I’d do it again in a minute.  It was actually a big relief to go a little crazy.” He chuckled and his expression was open, clear and his eyes danced with the pure pleasure borne of extraordinary achievement.  Geralty was delighted and he finally understood what Seymore did.  It was amazing and he could hardly wait to write it up in his history of Seymore Place.
Seymore stood and started to slowly pace around Geralty’s room.  As he walked he talked.  “I’m going to set out the full process and you make note of any questions or things you don’t understand, Geralty.  When I’m through we can review it and make corrections and adjustments.” Geralty nodded his agreement and sat at his deck with pen and paper at the ready.

Seymore’s Great Light Process

When a great light is formed it is made from Units of Energy that are particular to The Rim.  The light is made, actually caused, by a creator for their own reasons for the purpose of leaving The Rim before they have completed their chosen purpose.  The power and velocity of the light speeds its creator away from The Rim environment.  It will naturally be attracted to other Rim materials. Once the traveler and the light surpass The Rim’s primary environment it searches for a safe place.  The entire purpose of the light is to find safety for its traveler. 
The lights will come to our dome because there is a portion of Rim material here. The stranded light (The Watcher) is all Rim material.  Any lights that form and leave The Rim will automatically come to our dome because it holds the largest collection of Rim material outside of The Rim.
As I said before it is likely that both the light and its traveler have an inherent and natural desire to return to The Rim.  The light is the traveler’s creation and has the same intents and desires.  The light knows what it’s doing
We have established a match for the light’s desire which is primarily safety.  We now can also provide a way for the story of the traveler to be conveyed, understood and re-created. The Watcher’s light will automatically blend with a great light when it lands in the dome and its needs and story will be impressed on The Watcher who can tell it to Jesmond.  When we know the story we can select the best holograms to fit the story and send them into the light.  They will be able to enter because they are carrying Rim traces and memory cells. The desires of the traveler will automatically be attracted to the holograms and they can create the best possible tableau that will inspire the traveler to act on their natural desire to return to The Rim.  Once that desire takes hold the great light will leave and take them home.  It has no choice of its own and will perfectly and faithfully follow the needs and desires of its cherished rider”

When he was finished he sat down in the chair and the silence was alive.  Both were trying to open their minds wide enough to take in the magnitude of the information.  There was knowledge that would not just provide for the great lights and their travelers but some of it could change assumptions and even long held beliefs about the nature of The Rim and the scope and meaning of all the facilities that support the creators there. It was quite astonishing.
After a long period of intense concentration, Seymore said, “Will you write up everything you heard me say and your understanding of what it means and I will do the same.  Then we can compare our versions and blend them to get the best and most comprehensive record. It is important to do it soon as I don’t want any of it to slip away.  We can add to it as we go along, but we need to start to pull the plan together so we can do the best possible job of bringing ES360 to completion and full function.  ”They both stood and exchanged and strong and richly meaningful embrace.  They had work to do.
Seymore slowly left to go across the hall to his study to put his version of his knowledge on paper and Geralty sat down at his desk to do the same.  Both worked with great purpose and excitement to produce their renditions of the information and soon were back together, this time in Seymore’s study to make the composite. When they were finished Seymore carefully put the record of the solution in a folder and slipped it into the top drawer of his desk.
He looked very seriously at Geralty and said, “Weren’t you planning a celebration?  I think you have something more you can add as a reason for the festivities.” Geralty laughed and said he had the plans in his room and that he would include the big news in the event.  He added, “I want to keep Jesmond’s contributions as the center of the occasion because her accomplishments in making a relationship with The Watcher were a key element to your amazing conclusions.”  Seymore nodded, put his hand on Geralty’s shoulder and said, “You are exactly right.”
At that moment Mesa and Jesmond peeked around the corner of the study door and asked if they could come in.  Seymore said they were very welcome and invited them to sit on the day bed. He pointed Geralty to the big chair, but he sat on the ottoman instead.  Seymore said, “What do you have on your minds?”
Stepping up to Seymore’s desk Jesmond unrolled the drawings of the box for Seymore Place memories and asked, “What do you think of these.  We made several different designs for the treasure chest, which I want to call the Memory Trove, and we would like to decide on one so we can make it. And we made a few sketches for the cupboard.” Mesa was watching Jesmond and noticed that her confidence was growing by leaps and bounds now that she was clear about her job.  Her new confidence coupled with her already formidable skills and sense of daring were going to make her a force to be reckoned with.
Geralty looked over Seymore’s shoulder and said, “These are really good, Jesmond.  Did you make them?”  The young Mercury scrap smiled and said she had lots of help from Mesa.  Then she asked, “Could you make them better for us?” Geralty said he’d be glad to.  In the back of his mind he was thinking that he’d embellish the drawings and make them another part of his celebration plans. 
Geralty wondered if Seymore was going to reveal his breakthrough on the function of the station.  He didn’t seem to want to so Geralty excused himself and went back to his party planning.  Jesmond was right behind him and asked if she could watch while he improved her sketches.  Geralty said she could and she sat on the wide window sill holding Fred while he went over the sketches and added details and color refinements.  When he was finished he asked for her approval which she gladly gave.  He asked if he could keep the drawings for a little while so he could think about them and possibly add a few details as they occurred to him.  She smiled said that was fine and that she would like to take Fred with her. Geralty said, “That’s up to Fred.” She put Fred down on the floor and slowly walked out of the room and Fred was right on her heels. She gave Geralty a knowing glance and was off to parts unknown.
Geralty still didn’t have a new project, and the celebrations plans were in order so he went across to see if Seymore was still in his study.  He was and he was able to cover all of his agenda right away.  He told Seymore that everything for the celebration was in order and he that needed to know what his next project was.
Seymore said that any time he was ready was a good time for the celebration and he didn’t have all the information together for his next project, but he’d tell him about it as soon as he did.  For now Geralty could just enjoy himself and that’s what Seymore wanted to do as well.
 
Chapter 33
Recognition

Geralty changed his mind about the atrium and decided to have the celebration at the new pergola.  The wisteria had bloomed and he moved the table to sit directly beneath it.  From the stone patio it was easy to see the cottage, the big dome, down the meadow and the Beach House at the shore.  He was ready and decided to tell everyone that they could gather as soon as they were free. He found Jesmond in her room and she immediately took his hand to go with him to find Seymore and Mesa.
They were sitting out on the bench looking out over the pond and Seymore was saying he was thinking about making the pond larger and adding a canoe.  Mesa didn’t know what a canoe was and he had just finished his description of the ancient watercraft when Jesmond and Geralty walked up the path. 
Geralty said everything was ready for the celebration and that he had decided to have it at the new pergola.  Mesa said, “Seymore was just about ready to expand the pond.  Can he do that first?”  Geralty said he wanted to see that and Jesmond was very excited at the prospect of seeing Seymore do some serious terraforming.
Seymore said, “I’m thinking of moving the reeds to the other side of the pond and make more of them.  Then I thought I’d put a grove of bamboo behind the boat house and along the far side of the pond including the new extension of the water.  I think that having the water extend all along the far side of the dome to provide an expanse for boating with the new canoe and maybe even a small skiff.  How does that sound?”  Everyone seemed lost in their own thoughts about the changes and he continued, “We’ll still keep this end of the pond as our private place and where the reeds are we could put in large clumps of iris and other water plants.  We could also add a big shade tree back here or maybe a group of old walnuts.  We don’t have to do it all right now.”  Still nobody said anything.
“I really would like an opinion or two so please speak up.”  Then Mesa said, “It sounds lovely, and I have a strong feeling that it is just the beginning of enormous change coming our way.”
“I think you’re right Mesa,” Seymore replied, “and most of the changes will be for the better, but they will be big and possibly sudden as well. We have much to celebrate and when we are through here we can go do that.  Or we can expand the lake later.”
Mesa said, “I think I would like to wait.”  And Geralty said, “Me too.” Jesmond said nothing but sensed that her excitement was now out of place.
“In that case,” Seymore said rising, “I’m going to stop by my study and then meet you all at the pergola for the party.”  He turned and walked with purpose toward the back door.  The others turned and took a narrow trail that lead the long way around the cottage, behind the dome and approached the pergola from the back side. There was nothing but a field of scrub grass behind the dome and the only structures were the two old ram shackled out buildings that sat at the edge of more alder woods which in this area was thicker with lots of underbrush.  They walked along in silence each with their own thoughts. Geralty was concerned that there wasn’t going to be much of a party atmosphere; everyone seemed too serious for that.
Geralty’s plan required considerable spontaneity and he hoped that he could move the mood to something more cheerful.  They were nearing the spectacular hydrangea hedge and as they rounded the dome they saw Seymore coming across the Weedy Field to meet them at the table under the wisteria.  They all sat down except Geralty who stood and put the roll of drawings and a small wrapped parcel on the table.  Seymore set a folder of papers near his place at the table.  Geralty knew what it was. 
He began, “Seymore asked me to create a small gathering to celebrate the wonderful milestones we have reached toward realizing the goal of ES360 as well as a number of events and additions that have made life at Seymore Place richer and happier.
“With the generous help of Mesa we have our own private Mercury band and it extends to the Beach House and Seymore’s office as well as Middle Mind and one in Valentino’s office is being added to our network.  A new streaming channel from Mercury Place is now at home in my room.  There have already been benefits to having this new service.  I have used it extensively in communicating with Celic at Middle Mind to finish the installation of the hologram transfer system.
“That system is the second big addition that is going to make a difference in our ability to help the light travelers.  Credit for that goes to Seymore and Valentino who had help from the incredible Celic who created the design, coding and equipment.
“But the addition that is most important is Jesmond.  Each of us treasures you in our own way and I know that both Seymore and Mesa love and appreciate you.  For myself, you are a joy and your intelligence and creativity are wonderful.  You bring incredible gifts to Seymore Place and I am thrilled to have your company.” He stopped and looked at both Mesa and Seymore.
Mesa spoke first, “Jesmond, I knew when I first met you at Mercury Place that you would be a perfect addition at ES360 and I was right.”  She smiled and went on, “You have far exceeded what we expected of you and have generously shared your charm and many talents with us.  I am very grateful and love you dearly.”
There was a long pause before Seymore spoke and Geralty wasn’t sure that he was going to; then he said, “There are some things that happen that are so amazing and special that it is hard to put words in a good enough order to express them. In the folder I brought there is a complete outline of the methods and principles that will create the completion of ES360.The information arrived in part in a message from my brother and in many other bits and pieces as we have all worked toward our shared goal of serving the great lights and their travelers.”
He went on to explain that without the exceptional skills and talents of Jesmond the completion would have been exceedingly difficult and might not have happened at all. Then he added, “Jesmond, your incredible ability to build a relationship with The Watcher and to begin the communication with the resident of the great light is a wonder and has made everything else fall into place.  You may never know the depths of my gratitude.  That you have done this with good will and joy makes it even more remarkable.  Thank you and know that you are loved and admired.”
Jesmond was so overwhelmed by the tributes to her talents and appreciation of her personally that she was unable to move or talk.  Then she stood and said, “There has never been and will never be a more perfect moment for me.  I am thrilled and filled up to know that I am so loved and welcome here.  I love the Watcher and I love you all and am grateful for what you have given me.”  She went to each of her companions and gave each a kiss on the cheek and a soft embrace.
Shortly, Geralty turned back to his plan for the celebration. But Seymore had more to say.  “I had a very important insight that was caused by the contents of the Mercury message from my brother.  He sent information about the make up of the holograms that made it possible for me to fully connect everything we created, know and have suspected into a complete and workable plan for the completion of this platform.  It is a moment I wasn’t always convinced would arrive, but it has and after our celebration I’ll set the completion in motion and make some assignments and outline the process of serving every light traveler as they arrive.  Every part of the plan is unique and fits together so well that it is going to be extraordinarily effective.  I am so proud of all of us and what we have done.  It is a great achievement.
“With a lot of help from Geralty, I have written up all the details and we will have it for a reference as we go along.  I think it should be kept in the new treasure chest we have planned.” He put the folder of papers in front of Mesa and said, “I need you to read it over and review it with Jesmond so you both understand it.  Please tell me any additions or changes for improvement or corrections you find.”
Geralty said, “It is an amazing accomplishment and we are all so very lucky to be a part of it.”  He picked up the small wrapped parcel and said, “I have a small gift for Jesmond.  This is from all of us and we will each put a message in it for you.  It is a journal for you to use to keep a record of the stories that the Watcher tells about each of the lights as they arrive and leave ES360.You are the only one who can make this incredible record and the stories will be the only thing left behind by the light riders. When this journal is full you can create a new one by running your fingers over the code inside the back cover.  I have decorated the cover to match the final version of the beautiful chest you and Mesa designed.  I think the stories should be kept either inside the trunk or in the cupboard.” Jesmond reached out both hands to receive the precious gift.  She clutched it to her chest and her chin quivered with emotion.  She unwrapped it and looked down at the beautiful cover. She materialized a beautiful pen and handed it and the book to Seymore and asked, “Will you be the first to write in it?”  He said he would and wrote:

We are grateful for your good will and kindness that has made it possible to know the stories of the light riders and thank you for making your talents and charm a part of Seymore Place forever.
Love to you always from Seymore.

 When he was finished he handed the journal and pen to Mesa, who wrote,

It was my lucky day when I was fortunate enough to find you and bring you home to Seymore Place.  You are a joyful light with amazing talent and a kind and generous spirit.
With love from your Mesa

She returned the book to Jesmond who carefully rewrapped it and held it very close like the precious gift it was.
Geralty took the rolled up chest plans and said, “Are we ready to see the plans for the treasure chest?” Everyone said they were and he rolled out the plans on the table.  To everyone’s surprise the plans were three dimensional. It was very clever.  Seymore asked, “How did you do that?” Geralty laughed and said, “Celic and I made a special code that makes graphics three dimensional like the holograms and this is the first time I have had a chance to use it for something besides just games or fooling around.  It’s great, isn’t it?  Celic is truly amazing at this kind of thing.”
The chest was of a beautiful wood, dark and softly grained with a satin finish and a fine gold line in each of the crevices where the wood moldings were joined.  The beautiful gold clasp and lock were Italian filigree with a small slip key.  It had gold hinges and a deep burgundy velvet lining.  There was a pocket in the lid and a partitioned tray that could be removed and the partitions rearranged.  It stood on four carved bun feet that were inlaid with an intricate mother of pearl design. A beautiful crest carved on the top with the letters “S” and “P” integrated into the design was covered with gold leaf. It was very handsome and seemed to speak certainty and endurance.
Seymore said, “It is magnificent.  It gives us something to live up to, don’t you think?” Mesa agreed and Jesmond just nodded, she was feeling overwhelmed. 
There was another sheet of drawing paper under the chest design.  Geralty roll up it up the three dimensional rendering and a drawing of the cupboard for the end of the hall was revealed.  It was quite simple with two shelves behind plain glass doors with small brass knobs and a dark wood stain.  It was a little taller than a normal table. The top of the cupboard had four raised corners that would exactly fit the base of the chest.  Geralty said, “I made this quite simple because the chest and the most important element and when it is in place the cupboard will have more life.  A shelf or cupboard on top can be added later when we need more room.  What do you think?”
Everyone agreed that the cupboard’s simplicity was the best idea and Jesmond said, “Can we go make it now?”  Mesa agreed, “I think that’s a good idea.”
They all began to wander back to the cottage, but Jesmond went over to the edge of the dome and the Watcher appeared.  She gently touched the glass near the big foggy eye and rejoined the group to continue toward the picnic table and up to the cottage.
When they came in through the double doors into the library Seymore suggested, “Mesa, will you create the chest and I’ll do the cupboard in the hall.  ”She agreed and rolled out the hologram of the chest and then duplicated it perfectly on the round oak table.  It was beautiful.  She went over and opened it and made sure that it was complete. They all turned to look down the hall and the simple cupboard sat at the end against the wall facing the door where they were watching.  Seymore had gone into his office and removed the hologram of Sarah and her small silver ring from his top desk drawer. 
Geralty picked up the chest and took it to the cupboard and set it carefully in the brackets that were provided to keep it firmly in place. They all stood back and admired it  .Seymore had wrapped the Sarah hologram in velvet that was the same as the Chest interior and tied it with a piece of silk ribbon that was laced through her small silver ring.  He carefully put it in the chest and closed the lid.
Seymore then asked Jesmond, “Want to go with me while I redo our pond?” She gaily grabbed his hand and pulled him out the back door in the study.  Mesa and Geralty went to the turret room and sat at the magic desk.  Mesa put the sheaf of papers about the completion of ES 360 on the colorful top. They didn’t really have anything to talk about but were happy just to sit together and think.
There was a lot to think about.

Chapter 34
 Loose Change

Seymore and Jesmond walked up to the dock and Seymore moved the bench by the bank a good distance away from the pond.  He asked Jesmond to sit on it with him and he would create the new pond.  She sat very still but inside she was very alert and excited.  She was going to watch a terraformer at work.
Seymore first moved the reeds to other side of the pond which he made more than twice as long as it was and extended behind the dome towards the far alder woods.  Behind the boat house he installed a stand of pale green bamboo. It was tall and supple and softly chattered in the breeze.  At the far end of the pond he put a sandy beach and several large boulders a ways out in the shallow water.  He cleaned up the trail that circled the dome and widened it with wooly thyme along the edges.  He turned the rest of the weeds and stubble into a meadow like the one in the front of the cottage.  He put cobbles in the shallows near where the reeds used to be and planted tall iris with lacy blue flowers in sturdy clumps along the edge.  He left the little beach near the small dock and added a few more beautiful water lilies on the side under the willow tree.  He left the willow but surrounded it with huge old walnuts in the background out past the boat house before the alder woods.  He was happy with his effort and as a last addition at the dock he put a deep blue canoe with beautiful wood paddles and a polished wood interior.
He sat for a while admiring the new pond and then turned to his young companion.  She was very still and star struck.  Seymore was the most powerful personality she had ever known.  She told him, “This new pond was perfect!”  And then ran over to the small dock to have a better look at the canoe.  Seymore followed her and asked, “Do you want to go for a ride.”  Of course she did!  Seymore gave her a short lesson in the art of canoeing, helped her into the bow of the boat and he sat in the best spot for paddling.  He released the rope that held them to the dock and pushed away.  Jesmond giggled in high delight and Seymore was very happy.  He loved canoes.
As the boaters glided over the surface of the new pond they made an inspection of all the changes.
In their own ways and for their own reasons both Mesa and Geralty were concerned about all the changes that were coming as well.  Soon the holograms would start arriving over the water illusion and be brought to the cottage in support of the light travelers.  Though they had no idea when the lights would arrive, each arrival was bound to be exciting. 
What they had not yet considered was that when the station was finished there would be less room for creativity and innovation.  Once the lights began to arrive and the traveler’s needs were being met the work of ES360 was going to fall into a necessary routine. The elements of excitement that were part of its creation and the newness would fall away.  Potentially, life at Seymore Place could become dull.
Geralty said, “Seymore asked me to import two holograms to be used for a test to see what the response of the Watcher would be.  I need to pass that information along so I’m going to go down to the Beach House and put a call in to Celic.  Want to come?” 
Mesa put her hand on top of the pages that Seymore had written about the completion of the station and declined, “I’m going to read up on what needs to be done to complete ES360.”Geralty left through the library’s big double doors and Mesa saw him fly down the meadow toward the shore.  She was glad to see him exercise some of his powers and wondered if he would stay at Seymore Place.
Mesa opened the folder and began to read.  As she did, it became evident that Seymore Place was much closer to completion than she realized.  Moreover, her role in the completion appeared to be making sure Jesmond was comfortable and doing well.  The plans made certain that Geralty would be important to the completion because of his knowledge and growing skill with holograms.  Jesmond’s role was guaranteed because of her special talent for understanding The Watcher.  Seymore, being the only one with any experience at The Rim, was vital to the vision.  Sadly, she saw no real challenge or opportunity for herself. 
Jesmond came into the turret room looking extra bright and looked at her through eyes that glittered with excitement.  She said, “Seymore has reformed the pond.  Come with me and I’ll show it to you. It is even better.” Mesa was taken with how easily and eagerly Jesmond adapted to change and wondered if she was missing something. She got up and went with Jesmond through the library and down the hall to leave by the back door near Geralty’s room.  As they left the cottage the first thing she noticed was the huge spreading walnut trees.  As they neared the pond the changes were quite dramatic and she guessed that the blue boat was Seymore’s canoe.  The pond was still lovely, just a bigger lovely and while it had lost some of its protected intimacy the willow tree was still in place as was the dock and the water lilies and there were more of those.  All in all, she agreed it was an improvement and she said so.  Jesmond said she loved it and that Seymore said that he might be able to teach her to swim.
Mesa had no idea what a swim might be and she was pretty sure Jesmond didn’t either; she was simply charmed by an offer from the terraformer.  It must be one of Seymore’s Rim memories.  He seemed to be having more of those lately.  She was pretty sure it was because the light in the dome was from The Rim and he was involved in understanding the role of Rim stuff in serving the lights; but, maybe not.  Nothing of late seemed perfectly clear.
They sat on the bench for a long time.  Jesmond recounted her adventure in the canoe with Seymore and then said how much she liked watching him make the changes.  She rambled on about the celebration and her wonderful journal.  Mesa took pleasure in listening to her, but her mind wandered back to the completion of Seymore Place. She could see Seymore through the study window sitting at his desk.  She decided that she needed to talk to him about the plan for completing ES360; and a few other things.
Jesmond asked, “Where’s Geralty.” Mesa told her that he had gone to the beach house to do some work with the hologram system.  Then she added, “I’m sure he’d be glad to have your company.  You could take Fred too.” The cat had arrived uninvited and was sitting at Jesmond’s feet. She reached down and picked him up and told “I’m going to take you down to see what Geralty’s up to.”  They stood and Jesmond and the cat made their way around the cottage by the alder woods and headed for the Beach House. Mesa went to the back door at Seymore’s study and knocked. Seymore immediately came to the door and invited her in.
“Did you have a chance to read my write up on finishing Seymore Place?” he ventured. Mesa said she did.  There was an awkward pause and then Seymore said, “Well, what did you think?”  Mesa looked tentatively at Seymore and said,  .“I think your understanding and utilization of the natural process is brilliant and it will not be long before the station is totally functional. Everything is much closer to completion than I imagined.”  Seymore asked, “And you’re worried about that?  What’s troubling you, Mesa?”
“I don’t know exactly.”  She wasn’t sure how to continue, so just plunged in, “I don’t see a place for me or my skills in the completed Seymore Place.  The creation plan is complete and oversight for Jesmond seems to be my only avenue to continue in a useful role here.” Seymore was stunned.
“Mesa, you are an integral part of this station and we can’t do anything without you.  I haven’t really defined any roles for after the completion, but my intention is to create roles for all of us.  I’m sorry you worried about this.  Do you think Geralty is having the same thoughts?” Mesa said she didn’t think so since his abilities with the management of the holograms is essential to the services for light riders.   And she added, “Jesmond is vital to the communication with the lights.  I’m grateful to know that I will have a place at the completed station.  I have to say that I’m curious what it will be though.”
Seymore said, “After Geralty and I have had a chance to experiment with the holograms’ introduction to The Watcher, I’m going to make a point of making plans to handle all the duties after the station is complete. I’m glad you told me how you feel.  I have always counted on you and hope I always will be allowed to do that.”  He gave Mesa a generous embrace and she excused herself. Seymore returned to his desk.  She would be very surprised at what her role would be.
From the turret room she could see Geralty and Jesmond leaving the Beach House with Fred leading the way.  They both looked very happy as they walked over to the lane headed for the cottage. They seemed to have a close and warm friendship that was easy and reliable.  She was glad that she had a part in that by selecting them to serve here.  They were a pair of her accomplishments.
As they walked along toward the cottage they were talking about the coming changes at Seymore Place. Jesmond offered a tour of the new pond to Geralty and then said, “You haven’t put a message in my new journal.  Will you do that please?” Geralty replied, “Yes I did; you just didn’t find it.  Inside the front cover at the bottom edge there is a small code.  If you run your finger over it you’ll hear my inscription.  That’s another little trick I learned from Celic.  Try it when we get to the cottage.  ”Jesmond squeezed his hand and said, “You are amazing.  Thank you, I’ll listen right away.” 
When they entered the cottage through the double doors Geralty went to find Seymore and Jesmond went to find her new journal.  Geralty had the hologram cards and was ready for the experiment.  He wasn’t at all sure how this was going to work but relied on Seymore’s talent to make the test meaningful. He guessed that Jesmond would have a role as well. He looked around the pocket door into the study.  Seymore had moved his big chair so he would see out the door into the atrium.  He motioned Geralty to come in.
“I was just thinking about you.  Did you bring the holograms?”  Geralty said he did.  “I think I know what to do,” Seymore continued, “but it may take two tests to get it right.  Do you know where Jesmond is?  We’ll need her to communicate with The Watcher.”  Geralty said she came back with him from the Beach House and was probably in her room.
Seymore quickly got up and said, “Let’s leave one of the holograms here and go find Jesmond.”  They went into the atrium and Jesmond was sitting at her desk.  Geralty went over and tapped on the window.  When she looked up, he waved for her to join them.  She immediately stood and came into the room, walked over to the table and touched it gently with the palm of her hand.  The great eye opened in the top of the table which was now shaped to be an exact fit for the Watcher.
Jesmond turned to Geralty and said, “I felt your message!” and giggled.  She turned to Seymore and said, “How can I help with your experiment?”  Looking quite serious he replied, “I want to simply unfold the hologram to full size and see what The Watcher does. “ He intended to take it one little step at a time and accommodate the Watcher in every way possible. He asked Jesmond, “Can you tell The Watcher that we are going to unfold a hologram?”
Jesmond said, “I don’t know.  It’s very hard to know what The Watcher understands.  As I said, he seems very young.  But he is very intelligent, so let me try.  She moved to sit in the only chair at the table and put her hands, palm down, close to one corner of the great eye.  She sat very still with her eyes closed and was relaxed and focused.  She remained in her near-trance for some time and then gradually opened her eyes, looked down and moved her hand across the eye in a gesture of kindness.  She turned to Seymore and said. “What I told The Watcher is that we are going to be here in his room together long enough to provide him with a new and interesting way to communicate and he can then tell us if he likes it or not.  It’s the best I can do.” Seymore said that was fine and he took the hologram and set it on the floor.  He tapped the small black dot on the corner of the card and the hologram unfolded; he kept tapping the dot until the hologram was full size.  Then he motioned for everyone to step back against the doors to see what happened.
For a long time nothing did.  The hologram was of an adolescent boy with blond hair wearing a basketball uniform.  There was nothing at all threatening about him but the great eye didn’t respond.  Seymore wasn’t sure if he should remove the hologram and replace it with the other one.  Then he saw a thin stream of light move up from the table top like a slender arm.  Seymore bent down and carefully moved the hologram closer to the table and the arm vanished.  Then it appeared again and sent out a small stream of misty light that moved toward the hologram.  The Watcher seemed curious and brave.
They all watched as more light trails emerged from the table top and wrapped around the hologram at the chest.  It didn’t seem to be interested in any other part of the hologram just the area from the shoulders to the waist.  It was mesmerizing to watch, but Seymore also wondered how it was going to end.  He decided the only thing was to simply leave the hologram with The Watcher to see what would happen.  He motioned to Jesmond and Geralty to follow him and they all quietly slipped out through Jesmond’s entrance and into her room to watch through the window over her desk.  Mesa had been watching from the hallway and joined them.
Seymore studied the situation and then guessed that it was difficult for The Watcher to move much of the light through the table.  In order to embrace the holograms there might need to be a doorway again to the dome like before.  Or maybe they didn’t need large holograms. He’d have to wait until the Watcher was finished with the hologram and it was hard to say when that would be.  He turned to Jesmond and said, “What do you see?” She said, “I see that the Watcher knows what he’s going and we don’t.” 

Chapter 35
Chapter 35
Working Theories

The four residents of ES360 waited and waited for something to happen, but the Watcher’s tendrils simply stayed wrapped and motionless around the hologram’s mid-section.  Seymore couldn’t stand it any longer and suggested, “Geralty, I think we need and put the other hologram out, maybe on the chair.  We’ll leave it the size it is when it’s first opened.  Maybe this hologram is too big.  It also occurs to me that if there was still an opening in the dome like we used to have that the light could have more easily reached out to the bigger hologram.  Remember when Sarah left and the light came down the arched walkway to meet her?  Let’s go around through the hall to the study and get the other hologram.” 
He quickly moved around the end of the screen with Geralty in his wake.  Geralty asked, “Do you think we will need more holograms.  If you do, I can call Celic from your band connection and ask him to forward however many you want.”  Seymore thought for a moment and then agreed, “I think that’s a good idea.  Ask for two more and make one of them very young. Jesmond is probably right that the Watcher is young so maybe he would relate better to a very young image.  While you’re about that I’ll go put the small hologram on the chair.”
Seymore went across the hall and quietly opened one of the French doors and moved to the Watcher’s table. The big eye was not visible.  He moved the chair close but not under the table edge and set the hologram on it.  He tapped the black dot and the small hologram unfolded.  It was a young woman in a lovely flowing dancing costume. Seymore smiled at the charming image and moved to the door to Jesmond’s room and stepped inside.  As he turned to look out the window into the atrium, the Watcher had moved its gauzy grasp from the large hologram to the small one and was picking it up and moving it to the table top.  The light enveloped the small hologram and took it away, presumably to the interior of the dome.  Everyone looked very surprised.  Seymore was delighted.  This was a better and faster result than he had hoped for.
By the time Geralty returned to Jesmond’s room from the study the small hologram had vanished.  Geralty asked where it was.  Before Seymore could explain, Jesmond said, “Let me go ask the Watcher.”  She didn’t wait for permission or advice; she simply walked into the atrium and sat in her chair at the Watcher’s table of her own volition.  She again put both hand on the top of the magic table and assumed her near-trance state. It wasn’t long before she turned to look toward the window and smiled.  She again gave the Watcher her gesture of personal good will and came back to her room. 
She said to Seymore, “The watcher is going to return the hologram as he doesn’t recognize it.  It is not his rider.” As she said that the Watcher returned the small hologram to the top of the table and reached out a long misty arm to again examine the big hologram between the shoulders and waist.  Then the long light arms returned to the desk’s mysterious interior.
Jesmond said, “I think you should remove both holograms.  The little story the Watcher told was:  ‘A little boy searched and searched for his home and found an incomplete image that wasn’t where he wanted to be.  Is there any other way to interpret that little story?”  Seymore, looking puzzled, responded, “There might be, and I’d like to think about it a little.  Meantime, let’s remove the holograms, Geralty. Jesmond will you move the small one to the chair first and then we’ll take them both out at the same time.”
Jesmond went into the atrium put her hand on the table to let the Watcher know it was her and lifted the hologram off and carefully looked at it before she set it on the chair.  She returned to her room and said to Seymore.  “I don’t think the small hologram looks the same as it did when it was first opened.  It’s still a young women but she looks different to me.”
“Really?” Seymore was unsure what that news could mean. “I’ll have a good look after we get the holograms out of the atrium.”  Geralty and Seymore went quietly out the door into the glass room and each tapped the red button on one of the holograms and they folded back into their cards.  They picked them up and Seymore moved toward the French doors and Geralty followed him out and over to the study.  Seymore set his card on the desk and tapped the black dot.  The hologram of the young woman again appeared and Seymore set her on the window sill to have a good look in the light.  Jesmond was right; this young woman now looked different.  The dress was the same, but her face was changed and her hair was shorter.  He hadn’t looked at the hologram carefully enough initially to remember much else, but it was pretty obvious that the hologram’s trip into the light had resulted in a noticeable difference.
Geralty told Seymore that he couldn’t see the difference as he didn’t see the young woman’s image up close before its experience with the Watcher. He added, “Celic is sending along two more holograms and I’m going down to the Beach House to wait for them.” Seymore thanked him.  After he was gone, Seymore went out to the pond, got into his canoe, released the rope from the cleat and pushed away from the dock to paddle to a spot where he could think clearly and maybe even talk to himself out loud.  He considered out loud self talk both a worthy exercise and a great pleasure, the same opinion he had of canoeing.  To do both at the same time was utopian.
He had the makings of a plan to further test the interaction of the Watcher with holograms.  After the changes in the small hologram he deduced that the Watcher had tried to create the personality that best represented his desires.  Seymore knew that the original rider of the Watcher light was a small baby who abandoned the light.  There would be no other reason besides choice for a rider to leave or separate from its own light.  The most natural person for the Watcher to create would be some representation of its mother.  The baby would have most certainly imprinted that impression on the light.
 If that was true, then the Watcher would most likely be aware of the desires of the larger lights as they arrived and could impress them on the holograms.  That the light didn’t move the larger hologram into its private world or attempt any changes would tend to support Seymore’s assumption that the holograms should be of the right size, ethnicity, and gender to best serve the travelers.  Smaller holograms were more successful in the first test and maybe larger holograms were unnecessary or even unacceptable.  Seymore decided to use the small versions in the next test and he would open both of the new holograms on the magic desk in Mesa’s turret room for a preview. They all would be able to carefully look them over and know exactly what the images looked like before they were offered to the Watcher.  He hoped that would give him some additional information about what the Watcher was looking for by seeing how he changed the holograms, or not.  He might even get an insight into how he made the changes, but that might be wishful thinking.
Seymore was pretty sure he had everything lined up in his mind to proceed to the next step.  He turned his beautiful blue canoe toward the dock and paddled with smooth, even strokes that sent the craft sliding soundlessly over the pond.  Idly he thought that the pond needed a name and that Mesa needed to check it for stability.  It was one of the best ideas he had for Seymore Place; it brought him great pleasure.
 He reached around to reset the dock rope to the cleat and carefully stepped out of the canoe.  He walked to the back door of his study and went in.  Geralty was sitting in his desk chair and Mesa and Jesmond were sitting on the arms of his big leather chair.  Geralty said, “I brought the two new images and a copy of the one of the young woman the Watcher rejected so we can see exactly what was changed.” He handed Seymore the two new holograms.  He put the copy on Seymore’s desk next to the one that had been altered.  Seymore hit the black dot on each of the two holograms and they simultaneously unfolded.  They were different, significantly different.  The Watcher had changed the hologram to meet its own desires.  It was amazing, far better than Seymore imagined.  When it came to The Watcher Jesmond didn’t miss anything and she had noticed the change right away. 
The next test was all that was needed to finish the last link in his theory of how to create a means of consistently serving the great lights.  He was ready to start, “Is everybody ready?”  Everyone nodded eagerly and he continued.“  I want to take the two new holograms to the turret room and unfold them on the magic desk, if that’s OK with you, Mesa.”  She nodded her agreement and he continued, “That way we can all see them up close in good light and make our own observations about how they look.  Then we will put them one at a time in the atrium on the chair for the Watcher to examine.  Jesmond, we will depend on you to talk to The Watcher to collect his reactions.” She said, “I will”
They all left the study by the door on the hallway near Geralty’s room and went down to the library and into the turret room.  They each sat down in one of the four magic chairs and Seymore set the new holograms on Mesa’s magic table.  He opened them and they unfolded perfectly.  One was a young woman in a business suit, dark hose and high heels.  She had brown short hair, a small pill box hat and bright blue eyes.  The other was a young boy toddler with blue denim overalls over a striped T-shirt and sturdy shoes.  He had blonde hair and pale green eyes. Seymore turned each hologram so that everyone could see all side of the figures and after the third turn, a thick white light extended from the top of Mesa’s magic desk around each of the holograms and they were gone!
Everyone at the table had a look of shock and disbelief except Jesmond who was laughing.  Seymore looked at her and said, “What is going on, Jesmond?  Did The Watcher take the holograms?”  She stopped laughing but was still smiling as she replied, “Yes, The Watcher took them.  He almost always knows where I am.  That’s part of our telepathic connection.  He knew I was here and looking at holograms that were also about him because that’s what I was thinking.  He knew about this magic desk since he’s been here before.  He assumed he would be welcome.   To me he was, but the rest of you were taken by surprise.  You should all know that he is not unhappy here and is very happy in my company.  He does yearn for his rider, but he is not totally sure what that is.  He looks upon himself as a resident here, just like we all do.  He thinks that his place at this table is in it!  Does that help?” Everyone laughed, but they were still more than a little disconcerted, especially Mesa.
Jesmond tried to be reassuring.  “I’m going to go back to the atrium and see if The Watcher will appear in the desk there.  I’ll see if there is a new story and ask The Watcher to return the holograms to the atrium when he’s through with them.  One of the things I know for sure is that the Watcher enjoys and feels stronger and more supported by having good instructions.  Something I think we all share.  Please don’t leave this magic desk until I come back.  I’m sure the Watcher and the holograms are in the dome, but a return visit here is possible.” Everyone was impressed with her good humor and knowledge of exactly how to proceed when it came to The Watcher.
Seymore particularly liked Jesmond’s observation that The Watcher enjoyed good instructions.  That would be very helpful.  He also consciously shifted his context on The Watcher.  He would now acknowledge that The Watcher was The Watcher of Seymore Place and was a permanent resident of the dome.  He was as much a resident as anyone and once communications were better understood he probably should be included in the same manner as anyone else, though that would take some getting used to.  He also needed to expand his level of trust and include Jesmond in the same manner he did Geralty and Mesa.  She had demonstrated her skills and confidence; and she loved The Watcher. 
Jesmond returned, smiling, and took her seat at Mesa’s magic desk.  She relayed, “The Watcher is back in the table in the atrium and has returned the young woman but wants to keep the toddler. Sending a toddler was genius, Seymore.  The Watcher gave me this little story: ‘A very young child seeks help to grow.  There are large friends who know him but he is lonely.  An unfinished child arrives and they will grow together.  The young child is safer.’.” The response was dead silence.  It would take them some effort to fully appreciate The Watcher; except Jesmond as she seemed to understand perfectly.
Suddenly, and seemingly out of the blue, Seymore, for the first time, realized that his time at Seymore Place was coming to an end.  It was a startling thought and not a particularly welcome one. Geralty knew more about the holograms than he did and was light years ahead of him technically. Jesmond had as much mastery as was possible of the workings of the dome and its Watcher. Mesa knew more about Units of Energy than he did and was his natural successor.  Reluctantly he knew his next step after establishing the process for serving the incoming light travelers would be to plan his return to Middle Mind.
He said, “Jesmond, I agree with your interpretation of the story.  I assume you are going to put the stories from today’s experiments in your new journal.  ”Before he could continue she said, “I’ve created a new book just for the history and stories that pertain to just The Watcher.  In many ways the dome belongs to him and he belongs to the dome.  I don’t think The Watcher knows where he ends and the dome begins. The Watcher is quite happy and honored to be a part of what we do.  He’s aware that he has a role to play and that the holograms are for his use.  I think it is important to have a record of who The Watcher is and will become.” She smiled softly but one could sense the strength of her confidence and decision making skills.  She was a force.
Seymore said that was a wonderful thing to do and hoped she would make the history a part of the Memory Trove.  He purposely used her suggestion for the name of the beautiful chest that would house the treasures of Seymore Place.  She smiled and said.  “I’ll be sure that it is included in the Trove.” 
“This has been quite an experiment and a number of things are now clear and, fortunately, easy to fit into the overall operations for Seymore Place.” Seymore asserted. “I’m going to prepare an outline of the processes we will use for when the next light arrives.  After that event, we can refine our methods and set a routine.  I think we have been lucky so far that another one of the great lights didn’t arrive; but we are prepared now.  Do you agree?”  Mesa said she did and that she was going to go out and check the stabilization, including Seymore’s new version of the pond, and then perhaps Seymore would go with her to the Beach House to throw the force field.  She turned to Geralty and said, “After the force field is in place you’ll want to run another test with Celic to make sure that the field doesn’t impair reception.  Also, now that we have some small experience with the holograms, do you see anything that should be added to the Beach House?”
Geralty said he’d arrange to have a desk and chair down there and a few occasional chairs to sit in so everyone could enjoy the view out over the beach and the water illusion. Other than that, it was very functional.  It would be even better after the force field was in place and stabilized.
Seymore asked Mesa to come with him out to the pond so they could tweak it and make it just right before it was stabilized. It would also give him a chance to talk about what he had planned for himself and ES360.Everyone left the turret room with lots to think about, their own tasks to pursue and a strong sense that ES360 was very, very closed to completion.  Mixed feelings were experienced about that.
Seymore and Mesa went down the hallway toward his study and stopped to look into the atrium where Jesmond was sitting at her table communing with The Watcher.  Mesa said, “We can stand here and look at the charming Jesmond embrace her desk which houses an amazing new life form we know as The Watcher and we think it quite normal.  It is the only place in Everything to view such an event. Seymore Place is incredible.”  Seymore nodded in agreement and they moved on to his study and out the back door and up toward the pond.  It was lovely and calm with dramatic flowers and the soft breeze rattled the bamboo. The sound echoed over the smooth water.  The canoe sat next to the dock in anticipation of a calming trip over the glassy surface.  Two friends began to slowly walk around the pond and point out and agree on small adjustments, little additions and enhancements.  They paused at the boat house and Mesa applied an old fashioned hex to the weathered boards on one side.  Seymore added an assortment of wild flowers to the big meadow between the pond and the rustic end of the alder woods.  At the end of the pond where the boulders sat in the water Mesa set a long stone bench and they used it to view the pond from a new perspective 
They shared the view, solitude and sense of well being and then Seymore said, “Mesa, I am going to begin to prepare to return to Middle Mind.”  The sudden audible intake of breath was an expression of her surprise and dismay and she replied “It’s too soon for that!” Seymore disagreed and said, “I am thinking of making the change gradually.  There are some things that need to be arranged before I make my first trip back to my former work, but I will start right away to make my return.  I want you to begin to take over the oversight of ES360.You have been here from the very beginning and may know more about this place than I do. It is natural for you to assume the leadership role.”  He stopped and laughed, “Does that make it easier to see your role here?”  She nervously chuckled and said it did, but insisted, “I’m worried that my lack of experience and understanding of life at The Rim will be a barrier to full understanding of the light travelers’ needs.”
Seymore considered her issue and said, “I think that The Watcher, which is created of Rim stuff, is wiser about The Rim than you and I put together.  And as his stories are shared and understood everyone is going to gain new insight and knowledge about the Rim.  That knowledge, rather than my fragmented memories, will help to understand the nature of our services and how to make them better.  And, as I said, I’ll not be leaving abruptly; I’ll come and go as needed.  I will be certain that my agreement with the great Psyche is complete before I leave ES360.And I will never leave Seymore Place completely, it is mostly my creations and it will forever have a place in my heart.  I’ll come here often.  I didn’t create that beautiful blue canoe for anyone but myself.” And he hastily added, “Anyone can use it, if they take the time to master the navigation of the noble craft. Even you, my dear Mesa.”
Mesa slipped her arm through his and leaned her head on his shoulder, “I can’t imagine being without you.” And Seymore replied, “And you never will be, I promise.” They rose together and finished their tour of the pond by adding some ivy around the back side of the dome edge and small round table with a small bright umbrella hnear the iris clumps.  At the dock Seymore gave Mesa a gentle embrace and went on to his back door and into the study.  Mesa stayed and took a seat on the bench that sat near the dock and faced the pond.  She took one last look around, moved one of the walnut trees to provide some shade near the boat house and then piece by piece she stabilized the pond and its environment. 
When she was finished she sat for a long time and tears streamed down her cheeks.  What would she do without Seymore?  Was it really possible that he was going back to Middle Mind so soon?  He was and he was leaving sooner than even he imagined.

Chapter 36
A Call to Celebrate

Seymore decided to go down to the Beach House.  He hadn’t really looked at it since he formed it.  He could see Mesa still sitting by the pond and called out the back door, “Let’s go make the force field.”  She raised her arm without turning to look, wiped the tears from her cheeks with her other hands and yelled back, “I’ll meet you at the shore.” Seymore waved and closed the door and left to go out through the library.  He first looked in the atrium but it was empty except for The Watcher’s table and he a quickly moved on to leave the cottage and stroll down the lane. 
Mesa went to the turret room to pull herself together and return to her normal self as the young winged woman.  Jesmond was sitting in the turret window looking at Seymore walking down the lane.  She turned to Mesa and said, “He’s getting ready to leave, isn’t he?”  Mesa nodded that he was and said she was just on her way to meet him to make the force field.  She turned and left by the double doors in the library and waved to Jesmond as she went by the window. 
 She thought about flying down to the beach house, but decided to walk so she could make an effort to do some serious thinking. Nothing came in the way of constructive thoughts so she decided to fly the rest of the way.  It was refreshing and she made a longer trip of it than was necessary by flying all the way to the beach, along the water illusion and landing at the Beach House by the double doors on the beach side.  She felt clearer and Seymore was sitting with Geralty near his new desk.  She moved a small wicker chair with a soft set of cushions to join them.
Geralty said, “Seymore was just saying that it’s time for another celebration.ES360 is finished and he promised Valentino that he would have a party for the occasion.  I think we should also invite Celic, Lyric and Nolan as they have ongoing roles to play in the success of this station. And we are discussing whether we should invite The Former Meddlers.  What do you think?” Mesa laughed and said they certainly had put their nose to the grindstone at Middle Mind and worked hard for Valentino.  “This station is the beneficiary of all their sorting and clearing of the image logs so I say, yes, invite them.  They want to start on a new path, don’t they?  This could be a good start for that.  We all are going to be changing our paths it looks like.”
Seymore was aware that she was not necessarily a willing participant in the change that was coming, but he appreciated her genuine effort at enthusiasm.  So he said, “Good, then they go on the list.  Who else?” 
Mesa thought for a moment and said, “How about the great Psyche and Mercury.  Both of them were mainstays in providing us with support.  The whole thing was initiated by Psyche and Mercury provided three-quarters of your staff, Seymore.”
Seymore looked at her and smiled, then asked, “Would they come?  I wouldn’t even know how to extend an invitation to either of them.  Mesa smiled, “Well, since I’m going to manage this place eventually, let me handle that.” She instantly realized that she said more than she should have.  Geralty didn’t know about their earlier conversation.  She hoped that Geralty would not pick up on the intimation in her phrasing and it appeared that he didn’t.  She quickly went on.
“I can easily get a message with an invitation to Mercury and I’ll bet our Jesmond knows exactly how to get in touch with Psyche. So you have no excuse for not inviting them, but do you want to?” Seymore said that he did and added that he also wanted to be sure that Jesmond made The Watcher aware of the coming celebration and possibly they should create a way for him to participate.
“So we have Valentino, Celic, Lyric, Nolan, Albert, Sigmund, Gandhi, Mercury, Psyche, Seymore, Mesa, Jesmond and the Watcher.  It’s a shame we can’t find a way to invite Sarah, but we can expand her hologram.” He thought for a moment and then said, “Maybe not, as that might take more explaining than is actually possible.”  Seymore smiled and said they could think about the hologram; Sarah did need to have a part in the celebration in some way.
Mesa said, “I agree, we need to find a way to include Sarah and acknowledge her contribution.  In fact, I think that should be the purpose of the celebration.  A series of tributes for the contributions of everyone has made and expressing gratitude for the parts that each played. I think we should have a big tent up by the pergola so that the great eye can see everything that’s happening.  I also think that we should each take a guest or group of guests on a tour.”
Geralty was getting excited and he added “I could take the team from Middle Mind and Mesa you could take Mercury and Jesmond could take Psyche.  That leaves Seymore with the Former Meddlers, or not.  Maybe there’s a better way.”  He smiled to cover his uncertainty but both Mesa and Seymore just laughed.  Mesa said that making the tour all together might be best and would mean that there would be good supervision and more information available to all the visitors.  She concluded, “We can cross that bridge later.”  As she talked she watched Geralty and noticed that he was now a confident young man who was in charge of one of the vital functions at an important support station.  He had come a long ways and did it very well.
Seymore said to Geralty, “Why don’t you and Jesmond come up with a plan and go over it with Mesa.  After the force field is installed I’m going to review and finish my full write up for supporting the next light traveler.  When I’m finished and there’s a plan in place for the celebration we can send the invitations.  How does that sound?”  Mesa and Geralty smiled at each other and said it sounded fine.
Mesa and Seymore went outside through the double doors on the beach side of the Beach House and walked down the beach and a ways into the alder woods.  Mesa stabilized a beginning point for the field and Seymore cast it down to the nearest side of the house. They did the same thing on the other side and went back into the Beach House.
Geralty was still there fiddling with the hologram equipment.  Seymore told him, “You can run a test now with Celic to make sure the field doesn’t interfere with your transfers.  If it does, let me know and we’ll look for a solution. Mesa and I are going back to the cottage and tell Jesmond about the party.  It will be interesting to see how she is going to invite The Watcher.” He was also curious how she would invite Psyche but didn’t say so. They left by the door on the meadow side and waved to Geralty from the walkway that lead to the lane.
Suddenly Mesa felt very light hearted, happy and she decided to fly.  She leaped into the air and brushed the edges of the overhanging branches and then took a big turn around the meadow and momentarily disappeared in the alder woods.  She flew high over the cottage and then out over the pond.  She flew over the dome and when she looked down she almost faltered.  The Watcher’s big eye was in the very top of the dome looking out.  Was that’s where he went when he wasn’t in the table or hidden in the dome.  He was at the top of the dome…watching.  Was he watching for the lights?  Now Mesa was really excited.
She quickly flew back to land in front of Seymore who was just arriving at the picnic table.  She pulled him over to the table and they both sat down.  She told him what she had seen.  Her eyes clearly displayed her wonder at seeing the big eye peering out from the top of the dome. Seymore was not as excited about this revelation, and he wasn’t convinced that the watcher was doing anything but watching her.  Her aerodynamic display was a real treat.  Mesa strongly disagreed.  She was convinced that the eye was watching for lights.  And, she added, “We’ll know when the first light arrives.  I’ll bet the Watcher tells us it’s coming.  You watch!”  They both laughed.  And Seymore said, “I will!”
They stood and went on to the cottage to find Jesmond and tell her about the party.  She was in her room at her desk writing in the beautiful journal Geralty had created.  She quickly ran to meet them when they called her name.  The three sat down at the magic table in the turret room just as Geralty passed the window on his way back from the Beach House.  Jesmond waved for him to come in. 
When he was seated at the table, Seymore asked, “If you think about The Watcher, will he come here to this table?” Jesmond didn’t reply right away.  Then she said, “Let me think about him and see if he shows up.”  Instantly he did.  The big soft eye, about half the size of what they had come to think of as normal, was clearly visible among the colors of the table.  Jesmond said, “May I request that no one put anything on the table, especially not hands.  I don’t want the Watcher to be confused about where he belongs and where we communicate.  As I said I think he is young and easily influenced.” Everyone indicated their understanding and simply sat and marveled at what they saw.
Seymore, still looking with astonishment at the eye in the table, said, “Jesmond, we are going to have a party to celebrate the completion of ES360.We want you to contact Psyche and ask her to attend.  And we are going to put a festive tent on the Weedy Field near enough to the dome that the Watcher will be able to see all that’s going on  .Is there a way for you to tell the Watcher and invite him to be there?  He will, I’m pretty sure, be the center of attention.”
 Jesmond smiled and said she would do that, from the other table though, not at Mesa’s magic desk.  “I think he might show himself, but even if no one actually sees him there, he will know what’s going on.  He is highly telepathic and he knows or senses all the activity near the dome.”
Seymore said he had work to do and he would leave it to Mesa and Geralty to finalize all the arrangements for the celebration.  As he left he instructed them to be sure to make an especially good invitation and that a copy of it could be put in the Memory Trove.  Mesa watched as he left and then turned to her two, actually three, companions and said.  “I think we should have a group tour of all of Seymore Place that includes all of the grounds, the Beach House, the cottage and especially the pond.  And I think each of us can take individual to tour our specific area; your team from Middle Mind, Geralty, will want to inspect the band and hologram installations and you, Jesmond, will probably want to show Mercury your incredible skills in talking to The Watcher.  Psyche will want some private time with Seymore and so will Valentino.  I‘ll make sure that the Former Meddlers have lots to keep them both busy and together.” She laughed lightly and then continued. “I think that we should each create tributes for everyone involved and when we’re finished we should ask our guests if they want to make any remarks.”  She looked around the table and said, “Does anyone have any suggestions to add?  Have I gone too far? What do you think?”
Geralty asked, “Should we have some token for the event that we send home with our guests as they leave? I can’t think of anything right now, but that would bring the celebration to a close in a very pleasant way.” Thoughtfully, Mesa suggested, “I could materialize a small coin with the eye on one side and crest that’s on the top of the Memory Trove on the other. How does that sound?  I think I’d like to have one of my own and we could put one in the chest with a copy of the invitation.” Everyone agreed on the coin and the preservation of mementos. Jesmond said she’d like one of her own as well and Geralty added, “Me too.” Mesa laughed and said she make enough so that everyone, including Seymore, would have a token 
Then she said, “Geralty, what should the invitation say?  And how are we going to send them out.  Middle Mind is easy but getting a message to Mercury and Psyche are most complicated.  We can cast Mercury messengers but I don’t have a destination for Psyche.  Do you, Jesmond?” She said she did and would be glad to send the invitation.  Mesa said “Good!” and Geralty offered what he thought the invitation should say.  Mesa did note that Jesmond didn’t share any details about inviting Psyche.
Geralty composed an invitation and cast it for everyone to see.

The Management and Staff of
Experimental Station 360,
Seymore Place
Invite you to celebrate with them
On the occasion of the completion
Of their design and implementation
Of a new Support Station
In service to the
Great Lights and their Travelers
And for the benefit of the Support System
In which we all serve.
Festivities will begin when the last guest has arrives.
Your response is requested.

Jesmond said she thought that was clean and straight forward.  She added, “How are guests going to respond?” Geralty grinned and said, “Good question!  If we use Mercury messengers they have a return function that can bring the response back.  That will work for everyone by Psyche.  Do you have a solution for the invitation to the great one?” Jesmond giggled and said not to worry, she had a way of getting a quick reply.
Mesa looked at her and realized that she knew how Jesmond would contact Psyche.  She knew her telepathic channel from when she was assigned at Psyche Place, so there was a way to contact Psyche.  Mesa rose and said, “I have had enough of everything for a while and I’m going to go find something entertaining to relax my busy mind  .I suggest the two of you do the same.  Jesmond, you might guide The Watcher back to his usual table as you go.”  Jesmond said she would and Geralty headed for his room to tune into the Mercury stream for the news. But first he was going to find Fred.  The cat seemed to have vanished.
Seymore had found it very easy to put all of his thoughts, conclusions and the processes for the effective functioning of ES360 into a coherent document that would be easy to follow to produce the desired result.  After all the trial and error, experiments and unusual experiences, the final version only took two pieces of paper and was not particularly complicated.  He was pleased and looked forward to showing off the station at the celebration.
He looked up and saw Mesa again sitting on the park bench looking out at the pond. He left his study to join her.  He hoped she was feeling better about the changes and her new role at Seymore Place.  He sat next to her on the bench and asked, “Well, how are the party plans?” She easily replied, “All done. Want to hear them?”  He said he did and she gave him all the details and ended by telling him that the invitations were ready to be sent. The invitations would go by Mercury messengers except for Psyche and that one would go by telepathy. Seymore chuckled at that last bit of news and said the messages could be sent any time.
They got up together and joined arms to return to the cottage to tell Geralty to send the invitations on their way. Geralty had learned to cast Mercury Messengers so he was left to complete the task. They stopped by Jesmond’s room to say she could send the one to Psyche using her special skills and private methods.
With the invitations on their way, they went to the Weedy Field and put up a beautiful white tent made of brass rods and old fashioned parachute silk that gently undulated in a soft breeze. Mesa added beautiful silk streamers from the corners and center point and put up a pole next to the swing-end of the pergola and suspended a flag; it featured the beautiful crest that was on the top of the Memory Trove and two deep blue bands outlined in gold all on a field of white.  She produced some beautiful wicker couches and chairs with big soft cushions and lovely throws over the backs.  There were foot stools in front of the chairs and small tables at each end of the couches with fresh flowers in vases that also had the crest on two sides.  Everything was placed so that The Watcher could view the event from the dome’s edge and each presenter would have a good place to stand to make their acknowledgments.
Geralty left the cottage with Jesmond and walked over the Weedy Field to admire the new additions for the celebration.  Geralty said, “Everyone has responded and it will be a great party as everyone said they wouldn’t miss it.”  He added that they were going down to the shore where everyone would arrive over the water illusions and enter Seymore Place through the Beach House. Valentino was the only exception as he had sent a marker ahead of time. They left in high spirits and Mesa and Seymore sat down on one of the big overstuffed wicker couches to await their guests. 
 
Chapter 37
 Hello and Goodbye 

In short order all the guests had assembled.  Each brought the occasion a sense of expectation and every arrival brought good will and a plethora of curiosity to the occasion.  Seymore announced that there would be tributes to those who had made a contribution to the completion of ES360, Seymore Place.  He started the acknowledgements with his own accolades for everyone concerned, especially Mesa, Geralty and Jesmond. Mesa followed with similar acknowledgments and gratitude especially to Seymore and she made a special point of thanking Mercury for his generosity. Mercury was very please especially since he was not known for sharing.
Geralty was bright and funny and made everyone laugh as he recounted some of the more exciting moments, especially his wild ride in the light. Jesmond spoke in a very shy and sweet way about how happy she was and expressed her thanks to Psyche for her special training and to Mercury for allowing her to take the assignment to Seymore Place. 
Seymore asked if any of the guests had anything to add and they all did, including The Former Meddlers. When everyone had had a chance to speak, Seymore rose to make a special note of appreciation to Psyche who had asked him to take on the task of accommodating the great lights. Psyche responded with a strong statement of appreciation to Seymore and acknowledged the tremendous achievement that had been made.
Mesa announced that a tour of all of ES360 was available and that it would end at the new Beach House. Seymore took the lead and everyone followed him through a tour of the cottage ending at the atrium that provided a good view of the dome and The Watcher’s table. They left by the back door of Seymore’s office, which everyone admired, and made a long and chatty loop around the pond.  They all paused at the long stone bench as it afforded the best view of the dome.  Back at the little dock they walked over to the alder woods through the walnut trees and back around to the front of the cottage. They went down to the picnic table and everyone who hadn’t already done so carved their initials in the top of the table.  They all enjoyed the opportunity to leave their mark and thanked Seymore for including such a unique personal touch in the festivities.
They stood for a while and admired the cottage, the Weedy Field and the great dome.  Then one by one they turned to make the pleasant walk down the lane to the Beach House.  The air was soft and smelled faintly of the sea.  A small breeze made the leaves dance and everyone was feeling very pleased about the completed new Support Station ES360, Seymore Place.
When they reached the Beach House Geralty opened his top desk drawer and drew out nine beautiful gold envelopes with dark blue edges and the Seymore Place crest in a seal on the front.  He gave one to each of the guests and said that they were grateful for their company on this special occasion and that the envelope contained a small token of appreciation for their visit and participation in the celebration.
They all opened their gifts and were very impressed with the contents. There was a beautiful small gold coin slipped into a slot on the inner card.  The delicate coin featured the great eye on one side and the station crest on the other.  The simple note on the card said:

Always know that you are loved

The guests were quick to express their thanks for the unique gift and beautiful sentiment.  They admired the expanse of beach and clever view over the water illusion; the team from Middle Mind was glad to see the holograms set up and the extra link to the Mercury band that connected to Middle mind.  There was lots of small talk and a general exchange of ideas and hopes for the new station.
The guests began to leave.  The first to go was Psyche and she was careful to congratulate everyone individually and gave a special farewell to Jesmond by taking her with her to her departure point.  The Former Meddlers left with the three young assistants.  They had all felt encouraged to be invited and all sincerely hoped they would be able to come again.  Seymore assured them that would happen. Mercury had special words about how much his own had contributed to the project and when he left it was, of course, it was in a bold flash of golden light.
Valentino remained and went back to the cottage with Seymore and the others.  As they walked up the lane they all said what a great time it had been and how even the great Psyche seemed to enjoy her visit.  Valentino said that it was exceptional, but that he had learned long ago to expect the extraordinary from his beloved brother.
When they reached the cottage Seymore turned to Geralty and said.  “Where is Fred?”  Geralty replied “Fred is under the desk in my room and refuses to come out.  He had been there even before all the guests arrived and I don’t know what to do about it.  He’s safe and mostly sleeping.”
Seymore told Valentino that he would meet him in his study and went with Geralty to see about the cat. In Geralty’s room Seymore got down flat on the floor so he could see under the desk and got his face as close to the cat as he could.  He called Fred’s name and the cat awoke and slowly crawled toward him.  When he was out from under the desk, Seymore picked him up and the cat seemed to cling to him; he told Geralty that he was going to take Fred with him for a while.  Geralty just nodded and wondered what was bothering Fred.  He was acting very strange; like he did when Sarah left.
Mesa and Jesmond went to the turret room and sat on the window seat.  Jesmond said, “I’m very glad that the Watcher didn’t show himself during the party.  He is so unusual that he would have attracted everyone’s curiosity and everything else would have been overlooked.  I’m going to thank him for making a good choice.”  Mesa agreed and then Jesmond asked, “What do you suppose he did with the hologram of the toddler that he kept?”  Mesa said she didn’t know but that they would find out in time.  Jesmond confessed that she was tired.  It had been a wonderful party but she wanted to take a rest and think about it. Mesa hugged and thanked her and walked with her to see her into her room and tucked her for a long nap on her sofa.  The atrium was empty and the cottage was very quiet.  Mesa moved to her beautiful fainting couch and reclined to take her own rest.
Seymore carried Fred to his study to join Valentino.  He was sure that Fred knew that he was planning on leaving; cats just somehow know such things.  Sarah’s departure was a perfect example.  He decided he would take Fred with him when he returned to Middle Mind.  Geralty wouldn’t be pleased, but for now he thought it best.  His new choice to take Fred created energy in the stressed cat and Seymore could feel his body revitalize.  He sat down in the office chair and set Fred free on the desk top.  He swiveled the chair to face Valentino who was sitting deep in the big leather chair, feet on the ottoman, smiling and looking pleased and proud.  Seymore smiled back.  He so loved his brother.
They talked at length about the party and the completion of the station.  Valentino had expected something quite different, a more technical environment.  Seymore’s cottage and the general atmosphere were unexpected and very comfortable.  The accessible atmosphere of good will and good humor was very pleasing. It could prove to be an example of what can be done to make support stations more welcoming and improve the number of transitioners who apply for service at the far reaches beyond Middle Mind.
Valentino was curious about a few things and he asked, “I do wonder where you have the big eye you spoke of.” Seymore smiled and said, “We don’t have much control over the big eye that we call The Watcher.  Jesmond is the expert and the eye is often in her beautiful table in the atrium.  We had made provisions for the eye to appear in the dome at the edge near the tent, but the Watcher chose not to appear, though I have a strong hunch he was there.”
Valentino said, “You speak as if the Watcher, as you call him, is alive.” Seymore said, “He is.  And I’m glad he chose not to appear while everyone was here.  He is, I’m almost sure, a new life form and that is momentous and needs more of an introduction that a small local celebration.”  Valentino agreed but was still very taken aback by what Seymore revealed.  A new life form was an incredible event.
Seymore changed the subject.  “I’ve decided to start terminating my oversight here and return to Middle Mind.  I’ve told Mesa and I am convinced that Fred knows,” He reached to gently stroke the cat that sat near him on the desk. “I am going to turn leadership here over to Mesa.  Geralty doesn’t know yet and now that I’ve decided to take Fred with me, he’s likely to feel abandoned.  I have a request that may solve the problem.  I want to return with you and bring Fred and Geralty with me.  I think it will be easier for him if he leaves Fred at Middle Mind when he returns.  We will need some good reason for taking Geralty.  Can you supply one?”
Valentino thought for a few minutes and then said, “I assume you will be coming and going for quite a while.  There is a vital link to ES360 with Middle Mind and you could simply take him to make sure that he understands exactly what happens when the holograms are transferred.  The Former Meddlers have finished their work for the most part, and they will again be at loose ends soon.  Nolan has a good grip on the various functions of the log system, but shouldn’t Geralty understand that as well since he will be making the requests for transfer?”  As usual Valentino had just the right answer.  Seymore readily agreed with his reason for taking Geralty and said he was ready to leave if Valentino was.  In answer Valentino stood and headed for the door.
Seymore went to Geralty’s room and asked him to be ready to come with him and Valentino to Middle Mind for some additional training regarding the holograms and that Fred would be making the trip as well.  Geralty was surprised but readily agreed that more training was a good idea.  He was thrilled to be able to again see his friends and learn more about his job.  He wondered why Fred was going, but didn’t give it a second thought.
Seymore asked him to come to the library as soon as he was ready.  Then he went and invited Mesa and Jesmond to join them. Valentino was admiring the specimen collection when Seymore arrived with Mesa and Jesmond right behind.  Geralty came up the hall from his room and immediately noticed the air of anticipation in the library.
Seymore announced, “I am going to return with Valentino to Middle Mind and take Geralty and Fred with me.  I am not leaving for good. But I will be away for a time. Geralty will be away long enough to learn the ins and outs of the new log that supplies the holograms we will need.  Fred is going because his home is also at Middle Mind.  I don’t want anyone to think that I am leaving for good.  I created that beautiful blue canoe for my own use and plan to be out in it as often as possible.”  He waited for any comments or questions.  None came and Mesa and Jesmond produced vacant expressions that concealed a growing sense of loss.
He continued, “We have an excellent communication system and I pledge that I will be here for the arrival and accommodation for every light traveler until the system is perfected and completely routine.  Part of my desire to return is because this station is supported by Middle Mind and part of our team is there.”  He again stopped in hopes of some response from Mesa and Jesmond.  It was slow coming, but finally Mesa spoke.
“We are reconciled to being in charge of this station during your absence and to eventually being totally responsible for the services to the great light travelers.  Knowing that Geralty will be more skilled in his job and that we can rely on your continued support makes the transition easier, but we do know that a dramatic change is coming.” Mesa’s cool and professional response was disconcerting to Seymore.  He saw that she was going to take full charge of ES360 more easily and sooner than he had expected. He didn’t know how to react. 
Then he unexpectedly said, “Are you upset, Mesa.”  She quickly replied, “Not in the least, Seymore.  I have known even before we met that this was a permanent assignment for me and an interlude for you.  It was never in doubt that you would return to Middle Mind and I am grateful that you have chosen to do so in a way that is gradual and very supportive to the station.  That you will always return to enjoy the pond in your exotic boat is a bonus.  I do know that we will all miss Fred.”
There was nothing else to say and, while Seymore felt mildly uneasy, he turned to Valentino and Geralty and said, “Are you ready to go?”  They said they were.  Geralty added, “I have taken the liberty of moving all three transport markers to a spot out by the pond so we can all leave from there.” Seymore thanked him and everyone rose to go to the water’s edge to say their goodbyes.
Mesa and Jesmond walked very close together all the way to the bench by the pond. Valentino thanked Mesa and Jesmond saying, “You are the backbone of this place and I am honored to know we will meet again.  Jesmond, the next time I hope to meet the Watcher.  Your talents are magical and the Watcher is very lucky as are we all.  ”He gave them both a warm embrace. Geralty simply told them both that he would be back soon and gave them each a warm hug.  Seymore said nothing but hugged Jesmond and held Mesa for a long time in a warm embrace. Then he picked up Fred and everyone signaled they were ready to leave.

The three travelers moved to their markers and were gone.
