Shadow of the Unicorn 
Susan Skylark

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2015 Susan Skylark
Revised 2018




Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


A Brief Note on Reading Order for the ‘Chronicles of the Brethren:’ you may pick up any book in the series and begin reading, but for maximum enjoyment, it is suggested by the author to begin with ‘The Serpent and the Unicorn.’  ‘Once a Thief,’ is a prequel to ‘Serpent,’ ‘Thus It Began,’ chronicles the origins of the world, and ‘A Song of Lesser Days,’ is set 1000 years before ‘Serpent.’  ‘The Legends’ are set in various times and places, the chronology not important to the story.  This story takes place approximately 1200 years after ‘Thus It Began.’




Table of Contents:

Student:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9

Apprentice:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9

Brother:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5

Shadow:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9

Other Books by this Author

Excerpt from Book II of ‘In Shadow’ series: ‘To Shadow Bound’
Excerpt from ‘The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I’
Excerpt from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away’
Excerpt from ‘The Greylands: Volume I’
Excerpt from ‘On Heroes: A Foible’
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’


Student:




1

Jace stood upon the battlements, staring, though unseeing, out upon the bleak grey landscape of the failing year ere snow covered and softened the weary land for its winter repose.  Leaden clouds lowered ominously on the horizon while a mournful wind moaned pitiably in the half completed towers of the grotesque fortress; the river passed sullenly by without comment, preoccupied with its looming icy imprisonment.  Though only partially complete, the grim fortress was already falling to ruin, as were the souls who lingered therein.  The place was hardly cheerful, even upon a bright morning of spring, and was at its most dismal ere the first snows of winter, but it was not the weather that brought the boy out to pace the battlements upon such a dreary day, rather he had much to contemplate and none of it good.  His patched cloak flapped wildly in the wind but he little noticed, for his thoughts were just as unruly.  His grandfather, a nobleman displaced by war, had laid the foundations of this ruin and his father had further built up the fortress after its founder’s untimely death, but the family fortune had run out long before the project was finished, so it moldered in half-completed splendor while its occupants dwelt ever in the shadow of poverty and isolation, and now it seemed, madness as well.
Jace’s father was but a boy when war forced the family to flee with what they could salvage of their wealth.  The patriarch was determined to start anew in a strange land, much to the dismay of the locals, but they were a rather peaceful folk and he began his project without asking their permission, and as they were notorious for their willingness to forgive, the project continued despite their misgivings.  But tragedy struck the third winter the family spent in their new home, for both of Jace’s grandparents died of pneumonia within a fortnight of one another, leaving their son, still very much a boy, alone in the grim fortress with only a few faithful servants and guards that had accompanied the family in its flight, for they trusted no one in this strange land, least of all those of common descent.  But the boy was not crushed by his loss, but rather was as determined, perhaps more so, than his father to finish the project and become a veritable lord in this strange land, the protests of the original inhabitants aside.
Construction continued slowly as the boy grew to manhood and the family fortune dwindled, but surely the son of a nobleman might make a proper match and thereby reinvigorate his fortune as well as perpetuate his line.  So it was that Jace’s father went a-courting and soon came home with his beautiful and captivating bride, the very picture of a wealthy lady, but only a picture, for though of noble blood, her family was as destitute as that of her new husband, though neither had thought to broach the subject before their marriage, assuming the other was indeed as rich as they portrayed themselves to be.  The truth came out very soon after Jace was born; the ensuing fight was the stuff of legend, at least if you believe the tales told in after years by the aging servants, but in the end, the lady fled, leaving her infant son and husband to fend for themselves.  The man looked coldly upon the boy, who was so like his mother in form and feature that he could not help but despise him.  He turned his back on the child, stared stonily at the open door out which his wife had fled, and then withdrew to his own chambers.  Had one of the few remaining servants not taken pity upon the poor creature, he likely would not have survived infancy.
The man seemed indifferent to the fate of his son, pretending that he did not even exist and focusing all his time, thought, and energy on his project instead, but there was no money to pay workmen or buy stone and timber, so the man had to do everything himself.  Only two servants remained of the few that had fled with the family, lingering on out of faithfulness and because they had nowhere else to go, for their lord had long since ceased to pay them.  The old housekeeper did the cooking, looked after the domestic side of things, and was the only mother the boy ever knew.  The other was an aging guardsman who had taken on the duties of butler, valet, and jack-of-all-trades; it was he that taught the boy what little he knew of reading and more importantly, to his mind at least, the sword.  The rest of the lad’s education was left to what he could glean from the few books that lay forgotten around the fortress and what the housekeeper could impart in the form of old stories as she wandered about the keep seeing to her myriad duties.
As the boy neared manhood, at last his father took a modicum of interest in him, but whether it was due to some newly realized desire for kith and kin in his fading years or because his rheumatism forced him to abandon his fortress building activities, none knew.  But one day the master of the ruin summoned the lad into his chambers, where he sat in relative splendor in a fraying robe with a moth-eaten velvet chair for a throne.  Upon the lad’s entrance, the man studied him as he might a horse he had a mind to buy.  After several minutes of dreadful silence, the man said at last, “what do they call you boy?”
The lad blinked in surprise that his father did not even know his name, but his servile foster parents had taught him courtesy, if little else, said he with a proper bow, “I am called Jace, sir.”
The man nodded as if it were of no matter and continued, “very well boy, they say you are my son, a claim I cannot verify yet neither can I fully deny it.  In either case, it is high time you started to earn your keep around here.  My father had a vision that this castle would one day tower over the surrounding countryside and herein would his descendants be safe from war, plague, and the like, nevermore to be driven like refugees from that which was rightfully our own.  This is all my purpose and destiny and it shall be yours, whether you like it or not.  You will take up where I have left off: cutting timber, collecting stone, using it to finish what my father began, well?”
The boy gaped, was this to be all his future?  A slave to another man’s futile dream?
The man shook his head sadly, “I see you are not a man of vision, like unto mine, a pity, for I think it proves that you are not my son after all.  I will give you the afternoon to ponder your future, either submit yourself to my father’s dream and fulfill your true purpose in this life or get you gone from here, never to return.”  The boy gave a perfect bow and vanished from the room, fleeing to the battlements to mull over his future, whatever it might be.
Night was falling and still he had found no sensible reply for the grim man waiting impatiently in his chambers below, prematurely aged by labor, sorrow, and unrestrained ambition.  Jace glanced uneasily out upon the darkening world, could he truly find a life out there in the world that had forsaken his family, from whose stock had sprung his faithless mother?  Yet he knew he could not remain forever a slave to his grandfather’s dream as his father had ever been.  What was he to do?  Where was he to go?  The outside world terrified him, but could he live on for countless years in futile toil?  He wanted to scream or weep and came very close to doing both, but his reeling thoughts were interrupted by a stooping ghost that loomed out of the darkness before him.
Came the gruff but concerned voice of the guardsman, “what troubles thee lad?  The master sent me to find ye, he is impatient for yer answer.”
The boy glanced silently out into the darkness and the man nodded in grave understanding, “aye, it is a hard choice, but no choice at all I think.  This cursed place has consumed two generations of yer family lad, don’t be a fool and make it three.  Whatever horrors lay without, they can be nothing to what lurks herein.”
The boy nodded his silent thanks and then went to find his father, knowing the man had spoken truly.  He knocked timidly upon the door and entered upon the gruff command to do so.  He found his father standing before the hearth, staring into the flames, his hands clasped at his back; he did not turn around or even look at the boy, said he, “a harlot’s son, through and through, cannot even stay to succor an aging wreck of a man in his failing years, the selfish, selfish wretch.”  Suddenly the man turned, his anger giving him strength and speed that years of hard labor had stolen, he took up an iron poker that lay to hand and his eyes seemed to blaze with the light of the fire at his back, snarled he, hefting the poker aloft, “Out!  Out!  Get out, you insolent oaf!”
The boy knew the man was in earnest and half out of his mind besides, lingering not a moment longer, he turned and fled the chamber and hied himself that moment from the crumbling keep.  The housekeeper and guardsman watched him flee with sad eyes, shook their heads in dismay, but had known for many a year that there could be no other end to the tale, but at least this wretched fortress would not utterly consume the boy as it had his forbears, what the outside world might do to him was another matter entirely.
Jace fled with only the clothes on his back, packing was of little matter, as he was currently wearing everything he possessed.  His only thought was to escape the broken dreams and empty years that lay behind with no concern for what the morrow might hold, for he knew nothing of purpose, joy, peace, hope, or comfort.  His world was as cold and lonely as the fortress he had just fled.  A miserable drizzle began to fall not long after his flight, forcing him to seek what shelter he could beneath a clump of spruce trees that seemed to huddle together for comfort amid the cold, wet dark.  Every fiber of Jace’s being cried out to do the same, but one cannot comfortably cuddle with a conifer so there was nothing left to be done but cry himself to sleep.
A wan shaft of sunlight filtered down through the clouds and pierced the fastness of the boy’s retreat, bringing him blinkingly awake.  He sighed heavily as he gained his feet, seeing no reason to go on save that he was too anxious and grieved of heart to sit still.  So off he went into the dawning, grateful that the rain had stopped and that he could now see whither he fled.  Which got him to wondering where exactly he was to go.  He knew nothing of the outside world, save for forays with the guardsman into the surrounding forest to collect wood or to hunt.  He had never even seen a farmer’s cot, let alone a village.  He had heard the housekeeper mention a city once, a concept he could not quite comprehend, but he was not sure he wanted to venture thither, for she had spoken of it in hushed tones one night with the guardsman as they sat before the kitchen fire, certain the lad was abed and not hiding in the doorway, listening in horrified fascination as she described the demon-worshippers that dwelt therein and the horrid practices with which they maintained their uncanny powers.
He smiled grimly to himself, pondering what was best to be done, as his feet followed a game trail seemingly of their own accord, so little did he notice or care whither his path led.  He could wander out into the wilderness and undoubtedly die of exposure or starvation during the coming winter or he could find this city and see if the housekeeper’s awful tales were even half true.  It might be death either way, but at least he could discover what a city was ere the end.  With this grim acceptance, did he suddenly step out of the surrounding woods and look upon a great swath of cultivated land, dotted with farmhouses and well-tended copses, and in the distance loomed the infamous city.  He had inherited a little of his father’s ambition, so with a grim smile pasted on his face did he set out in quest of what could only be his doom.  
His smile became incongruous as his journey progressed in a rather anticlimactic fashion, for though he had prepared himself for sights grim and terrible, the countryside was rather picturesque and the few folk he observed in passing seemed as sensible and down-to-earth as either the guardsman or the housekeeper.  He consoled himself with the thought that of course the commonfolk would be of similar disposition to the menials with whom he was acquainted, it was only their fell masters that would be workers of such foul magicks.  He hastened his steps to discover this inevitability for himself but was again sorely disappointed.  He soon found himself in a veritable flood of humanity headed for the city to conduct the day’s business.  People at first trickled in from the outlying farms and villages but soon converged upon the main road leading into the city.
Jace gazed about him in wonder, never having imagined there could be so many people upon the face of the earth, let alone upon one certain stretch of road.  The houses and shops that began to line the way were also strange to his eyes and he goggled like the yokel he was; some of the more world-weary passersby about him smiled in welcome amusement at the lad’s befuddlement, for a moment remembering their own forgotten youth.  A veritable city had grown up around the walls of the original settlement and many of Jace’s fellow travelers vanished into the labyrinthine streets and alleys upon their own errands, but most continued on through the gates, few even glancing at the guards who stood silent watch at the gates and upon the walls, but the boy froze in fascinated terror.  His sudden halt brought a few complaints and jostles from those nearest him, but they shoved around him and continued on their way, some giving him a meaningful glare but most shaking their heads in vast amusement.
So too did those fell warriors eye the boy with smiles that never broke the stony facade of their faces.  But as more and more people pushed by the lad and entered the gates unscathed, he drew a deep breath and pressed ever onwards into the heart of a city inhabited by sorcerers and worse, though strangely, none of the folk about him seemed overly concerned about their impending doom.  He was drawn inexorably to the center of the city where a great castle towered over everything.  For a long time he stood as one transfixed, staring up and up and up at the edifice that soared above him.  A rueful smile split his lips, for even had he and his descendants ten generations hence worked ceaselessly, never could they hope to make anything like this of that horrid fortress.  And thence lay his doom.  At last, he gathered his courage and set forth upon the last leg of his final journey, thinking it quite a heroic effort on his part and not a little disappointed that there was not a bard or poet at hand to record the tale.  Most of his erstwhile companions had vanished long ago into the city proper and left the bumpkin to stare as he would.  So it was that he came to the castle gates and found himself very much alone with a whole host of those grim faced guards just waiting to make a gory end of him.  Where was a poet when you needed one?
He stood awkwardly out of the way, studying those who guarded the gates and those who came and went upon their own errands, not finding anything too sinister in any of it.  Again rather disappointed, the lad at last made his own approach, knowing his courage was hanging by a thread.  His first attempt at speaking failed dismally with the guard looking at him in perplexity and what might, to Jace’s horrified mind, be pity!
But the guard saved him from further embarrassment and possible flight by asking, “what can I do for you lad?”  He actually smiled, “you need not be so terrified, you are quite safe within the confines of Astoria.”
The boy blinked in utter astonishment, could this fearsome warrior truly be speaking to him, and with kindness?  Demon-worshippers indeed!  Said he at last, a quaver in his voice, “I am in desperate straits, sir, but well know that there is little hope for one such as I in this cold, indifferent world.”
The guard nodded in understanding and said gently, “aye lad, many come hither with just such a tale, but take heart, for we shall do all we can to remedy your plight, whatever it be.”  Jace looked near to fainting with hunger and astonishment, as the man motioned for a servant standing within the courtyard to take charge of the flummoxed lad and see to his comfort.  The servant smiled in amusement, having done the same a thousand times before, and easily guided the gaping boy into the castle proper, leaving the guard to speak with the next person awaiting his attention.
At last Jace collected his wits enough to comprehend what the servant was saying, “the morning meal has just finished, but I can bring you something once you are settled.”  He studied the lad’s ragged attire, that was more patches than original cloth, and smiled wryly, “and I’ll see to your wardrobe as well.  Have you come to study then?”
Jace froze and studied the man as if he had asked if his father were a toad, said he in astonishment, “study?  You must know I could little afford such a luxury!”
The servant grinned, “I suppose it is priceless at that, but come lad, anyone is free to study in Astoria and all the Lady asks is that you abide by her rules whilst you reside in the city.”
The boy gaped anew, but a smile danced in his eyes, said he with an incredulous grin, “then I will certainly take you up on that offer, sir.”  The servant nodded as if it was simple sense and they continued on their way.
He stopped before a door at the end of a long corridor and said, “you can sleep here for now, this room is currently unoccupied but if you stay very long, you will undoubtedly find yourself with roommates rather soon.  I’ll see about finding you something to eat and some appropriate attire.”  He smiled broadly as he turned to go, “welcome to Astoria!”
The boy stared wistfully after the retreating form for a moment and then curiously opened the door and entered the room.  Glancing about at the small but comfortable chamber, he laughed aloud and said, “demon worshippers indeed!”
“How dreadful!” came a startled and unfamiliar voice.
Jace turned around in surprise to find a girl about his own age, or at least so he assumed, not having much experience in such matters, peeping round the door, a broom forgotten in one hand.  She squeaked in dismay, “forgive me, I was just sweeping the hall when I heard your outburst and just had to investigate.”  She blushed crimson at her own unseemly outburst and though she colored further, pressed on, “can you tell me more about these demon worshippers?”
Jace was not sure whether he was more startled, annoyed, or amused by this perplexing creature, but said as calmly as he could, “I haven’t much to tell, for I was only laughing at the incongruity of this place with a description I once heard of it.  The old woman was convinced this place was naught but a den of such villains, but I have yet to find them, should they exist.”
Briane laughed excitedly, clasping her hands like a little girl, “oh, you will have to look long and hard to find such in Astoria.  I have been here all my life and have never heard of such goings on.”
Jace smiled wryly at his previous eagerness, “so there isn’t anyone in Astoria possessed of uncanny abilities as my unenlightened source assumed?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that,” came the voice of the returning servant.  He gave the girl a patient look, “have you not things to be about?”  She squeaked again, dropped a curtsy, and disappeared round the corner with a death grip on her broom.  The servant shook his head and smiled ruefully, “the silly girl spends more time eavesdropping than attending to her chores; more curiosity than a cat, has that one.”
Jace was gaping again, but the servant ignored him and thrust a pile of clothes and a tray of food into his hands, saying as he did so, “as promised, here is your breakfast and a change of clothes.  If you hurry, you can just make it to the next class session.  You’ll have an official schedule soon, but until then you had best tag alone with some of the other Students.”  He smiled impishly, “and as to your unasked question, you’ll soon discover the answers for yourself if you pay attention in class.”  He nodded at the boy and vanished about his interrupted errands.
Jace shook himself, frowned in consternation at the servant’s retreating back, and then hastily changed his clothes and wolfed down the food, both from hunger and eagerness to begin his education.  Only then did he realize he was alone in an unfamiliar castle with no idea where to find said classes.  He shrugged, smiled as his audacity reared its head once more, and dashed down the hall in search of a class or an adventure, whichever came first.
He nearly collided with a pair of slightly older boys as he came careening around the corner, determined not to be late.  Suddenly ill at ease, Jace muttered his apologies and stared at his feet.  One of the older lads must have heard, ‘new here,’ amongst Jace’s mumbling, for he cheerily replied, “don’t worry about it!  Come with us and we’ll help you get settled.”
The boy stared up in astonishment, gaping yet again, stuttered he, “how can this be?  How can you be bothered with helping me?  I don’t understand?”
The older pair exchanged a grin, then Adan, the lad who had spoken, clapped the younger boy on the back and smiled, “it seems you have much to learn about life in Astoria.  Wherever you came from, it must have been a rough life.  But come, else we’ll be late.”  Jace smiled at his reassuring words and then blanched in near panic at the thought of being the cause of their tardiness.  The older pair shook their heads in amusement but all three hastened off to class.
Jace remembered little of that first lesson, so overwhelmed was he with all that had happened in the last day and all the novel sights and experiences he had taken in.  His erstwhile guides were assigned chores in the stable the following hour, which allowed the overwrought Jace some much needed time to sit and think while his companions shoveled muck.  The midday meal offered another course of novelty and wonder to Jace’s abused sensibilities, never in his life had he been amidst so many people, and most astonishingly of all, though complete strangers, they actually seemed to care about him.  Another round of classes was set for the afternoon, but Jace felt he needed some time alone to sort everything out, and perhaps even a nap after his difficult night.  He goggled, less than a full day had passed since his father had cast him out, alone in the night.  Adan nodded his understanding and showed him back to the corridor that housed his room, and though he valiantly intended to contemplate upon all that had happened, he fell promptly and soundly asleep.


2

A ruckus in the hall wakened the boy as the eager Students returned to their rooms after their last class before going to the evening meal.  Jace glanced blearily about, wondering for a moment where he was, but suddenly realization dawned and a great smile lit his face.  He had come home at last.  He adjusted his rumpled clothing, grateful it was not too wrinkled from his nap, and ran a hand through his hair, it would do; he then dashed excitedly from the room, again nearly colliding with Adan, who smiled roguishly at the boy and hoped such behavior was not becoming a habit.  Said the elder lad with a grin, “it is good to see you so refreshed, you looked rather stunned when we parted and I know you learned nothing in class today, but it seems there is hope for you yet.”
Jace smiled ruefully, “it has been quite a day.”  He glanced hopefully in the direction of the dining hall, even after so short a stay he had become very much accustomed to being fed regularly and well, which was an unlikely occurrence in his former life, said he, “and I’d be happy to tell you all the tale over the evening meal, that is if you care to hear it?”
Adan laughed outright, “aye, it must be quite a story indeed, but fear not, there shall be plenty of food to go around.”
Jace colored and began studying his boots, abashed that his greatest desire at the moment was so blatantly obvious.  Adan glanced at said boots as well and frowned, “but first we had best stop by the supply room and find you a decent pair of boots.”
Jace looked up suddenly in surprise, would the miracles in this place never cease?  He had never owned a decent pair of boots, this particular pair had been worn by his father when he fled his homeland, ages ago!  Adan smiled warmly at the look of grateful astonishment in the lad’s eyes and led the way, eager to see the wish fulfilled.  The servant in charge of the supply room at that hour took one look at the antique footwear, turned away with a disgusted groan, and vanished into the storage area, reappearing with a worn, but quite serviceable pair of boots that actually fit the agape lad.  Rather pleased with himself, the servant smiled smugly and reluctantly took the ancient boots in exchange, his countenance taking on an unruly expression as he did so, their fate remains a mystery to this day but judging from his face, it was not a pleasant one.
As they walked to the dining hall, Jace remarked with an awe tinged voice, “I have never encountered such generosity, not even from my own folk!”
Adan shook his head, his eyes sparkling, “you’ve seen nothing yet, all we’ve done this day is see you properly clothed and fed.”
Jace froze mid-step and faced his companion, “there’s more?!”
Adan clapped him on the shoulder and smiled, “aye, more than you can begin to imagine.”  They continued on, Jace speechless in incomprehension.
As they sat at table, finishing their food, Jace told his tale, much to the horror and astonishment of Adan and his friends who had joined them for supper.  No wonder the boy was so grateful for the least bit of kindness or attention!  Adan said at last, “so that is the tale behind that ugly heap of rocks up river?  Long have we theorized amongst ourselves about who or what had built it, or rather begun it, and why.  It is a grim enough story in its own right.”  He smiled ruefully, “though nowhere near as horrific as some of the tales we’ve birthed.”  
The others shared a wry laugh and eyed their companion with both pity and wonder, Jace awkwardly studied his peas, uneasy being the focus of such attention.  Adan continued, more to distract his companions away from their study of the abashed boy than for anything else, “well, this is the place to start over or start anew, if that is your wish.  Any idea what you want to do with your life?”
Jace could not restrain his laugh, “it was but a day ago my father cast me out and I encountered true human society for the first time in my life, let alone human kindness.  Must I already know the course of my future?”
The others joined in his mirth, forgetting how high were the expectations of their hosts and thus, inadvertently perhaps, their own.  Once the laughter had subsided, Jace asked a bit timidly, still uneasy speaking his mind amongst so many strangers, “what is this place?  Who founded it?  How can they afford to support so many ragamuffin students with no expectation of remuneration?  Is there some hidden agenda or trap, for it seems too good to be true?”
Adan smiled, “rest easy my friend, there is nothing sinister or hidden here.  You may stay as long as you wish and leave likewise.  The only requirement is that you do your best, be respectful of others, and follow the rules as best you can.  According to legend, Astoria was founded centuries ago, near the very Beginning.  The country is self-sufficient and quite prosperous in its own right, but is also supported by various Kings, Lords, and wealthy benefactors who believe in its mission or have benefited from its services themselves.  They have been educating all comers since its foundations were laid.”
Jace nodded thoughtfully, “a noble cause I suppose, but who founded it and why?  My experience of the world is limited, but I do not see blind philanthropy as a common trait amongst men, someone must have had a reason.”
Adan studied his companion thoughtfully, trying to gage his reaction to what was to come, said he at last, “you will learn far more in your initial classes, but the simple answer is: the Master Himself provided for the city’s founding as a home for the Brethren and those they serve.”
Jace blinked, not having imagined the so far sensible Adan to be one who believed in fairy tales, said he in consternation, “that is what the legends say?”
Adan grinned, “you are a skeptic then?”
Jace shrugged somewhat sheepishly, though he was not the one who seriously thought myth had once walked about under sun and star, “I suppose, though I know little enough of the subject, and of all else for that matter, that I should withhold judgment until I am certain.”
Adan nodded, “fair enough, but don’t worry, there is no requirement to believe a certain way to study here.  Even if you hold it all to be a tall tale, there is still more wisdom to be garnered here than you’ll be able to absorb in a lifetime.”
Jace smiled in relief, “that is good to know.”  He frowned thoughtfully, “I met a servant earlier who made a rather cryptic comment about certain individuals around this place having uncanny abilities, but he said I would have to wait for my classes to answer my questions in that regard.  Our old housekeeper was convinced the city was inhabited by demon-worshippers, a claim I am certain is wrong, but what is the truth about this place and its denizens?”
Adan smiled in amusement at the servant’s evasiveness, he was pretty certain who it was the lad had met, but he said, “the Brethren are purported to have certain gifts given to them in their service to the Master, you will learn far more in days to come if you want specifics, but there is nothing evil in the mix.  Uncanny yes, miraculous certainly, but not demonic.”  He smiled impishly, “how is it you can believe in demons but not the Master?”
Jace frowned at the thought and then smiled ironically, “that is an incongruous thought!  But then, I am not sure I believe in demons either, it was just something I overheard and never gave much serious thought until I was bound hither in the dark, alone, after being cast out from all I ever knew.  I guess the imagination is prone to embracing the grim and frightening with far less reluctance, especially under such circumstances, than the rational mind is in accepting the supernatural in far more congenial surroundings.”
Adan smiled broadly, “my friend, you have come to the right place, for yours is a mind quick and ready to absorb all available wisdom and knowledge, and here you will undoubtedly find ample fodder for thought.”
They continued their conversation upon more general topics, for which Jace was thankful, little liking being the center of attention when he was so little used to it; so absorbed was he in all that was said that he did not notice Briane sitting on the edge of the group, studying him with sparkling eyes and a knowing half-smile upon her lips.
Adan saw him back to his quarters after the meal, for even with his nap, Jace was exhausted, though sorely disappointed not to be able to participate in the games and conversations held amongst the students that evening, but such was the ritual every night, so he consoled himself with the thought that there was always tomorrow and many days thereafter.  Yawning, he bid goodnight to his companion, and was soon asleep.


3

Once Jace had retired for the night and his companions had dispersed, Briane hastened down to the kitchens in search of her mother.  A few of the servants looked askance at the girl in the Student’s uniform hurrying through that part of castle at so unseemly an hour, seeing only the uniform and not the face, but those that recognized her thought nothing of it, for though Students were rarely found in the kitchens at that hour, as the former thought her up to some mischief, while the latter knew her true errand.  “Mother!” said the girl eagerly, “might I have a word with you?”
Juliene, the head cook, frowned at her daughter in consternation for her unseemly behavior, but quickly wiped her hands on her apron and motioned towards the pantry, which was for the moment unoccupied.  The girl smiled exuberantly, quite unconcerned with her mother’s disapproval and dashed into the small room, impatient to impart her strange news, the flummoxed dame following in her wake.  As soon as the door was securely shut behind them, the girl burst out, before her mother could reprimand her for her impudence, “did you not once tell me a tale concerning yourself and that awful fortress up the river?”
The lady frowned the more, wondering what had gotten into the child, but said slowly, “yes, but what brought it to your attention tonight and why the secrecy?”
The girl grinned unabashedly in her excitement, “there is a new student, a boy about my age, who claims to have fled the place, just last night.”
The good lady sat down suddenly on a barrel, her hand over her heart and a small gasp marring her usually unflappable demeanor.  Briane took a step towards her mother in concern, never having seen her so shaken, said she, “have I said something wrong?”
Juliene smiled wanly, regaining her composure, said she, “no, you have just said the impossible child, did this boy say what role or position he held in said ruin?”
The girl grinned, “he claimed to be the proprietor’s son.”
The woman shook her head adamantly and locked eyes with her daughter, “you are certain of this?”  The girl nodded, curiosity burning in her eyes.  The cook could not help but smile, knowing the girl took after her mother in that particular trait, perhaps too much so, said she, “I once mentioned I was an inmate of that place, but have said little more, for it is yet a painful subject to me and some might take the story amiss, but it is time you knew something of my own past and your own history.”
She took a deep breath, gathering her thoughts, as the girl’s eager eyes tried to burn a hole into her mother’s mind, continued she, “you have often asked of your father but I have said little of him.  If this lad’s tale is true, that would make him your twin brother.”  She paused and allowed the girl to absorb the shock before resuming, “I was once mistress of that wretched keep, at least in title, but was in truth little more than a servant.  I was a daughter of noble stock, but with no wealth left to the title, and so it was also with your father, though neither of us admitted as much until long after the wedding, both assuming the other to be in possession of a fortune and embarrassed about our true straits.
It was shortly after your birth that the truth came out and I fled that place in fear of my life, such was your father’s reaction, though the fault was as much his as mine, but it was far more grievous a blow to himself, in his own thinking, because his only true love was that wretched fortress and now there was no dowry to continue in the building thereof.  We fought, his temper as unruly as my own,” the girl smiled openly at this, “and you can imagine the outcome.  At last fear overcame pride and I snatched up my infant daughter and fled, bitterly leaving my son to his father’s ill-mercies, but unable to carry both of my children away.  I came here and was given a place among the servants, eventually working my way up to my current position.  I thought your brother long dead or forever a prisoner within the grim walls of that horrid place, but your news gives me exceeding hope that it is not as I feared.”
The girl’s eyes sparkled with tears of sorrow and joy as she leapt forward and embraced her mother.  They stood there for a long moment before the lady separated herself from the girl and said, “now, I shall look further into the matter and you, my dear, should be in bed.”  A mischievous smile lit the girl’s face but her mother said sternly, “do not even think about it Briane, you are to say nothing nor act upon any of your girlish impulses until I give you leave to do so.  Remember, you are a Student now, not just a servant’s child, and as such you must act accordingly, am I understood?”  The girl nodded contritely, her mother smiled gently, and chivied her to bed, but did not emerge from the pantry herself for some time, a hopeful smile on her face and unshed tears glistening in her eyes when she did so.

The next morning, contrary to her mother’s commands, Briane waited impatiently outside Jace’s door, convinced that she would die of curiosity if she did not do something, and soon.  After all, no one had forbidden her from speaking with the boy, she just could not reveal anything in particular to him at the moment, besides, he was new and undoubtedly in desperate need of a friend, thus she reassured herself repeatedly as she waited for his emergence.
At last the door opened and the boy jumped to find the impertinent girl of the broom lurking without like some predator waiting in ambush.  Said he in annoyance, “could I help you?”
She grinned impishly at him, sensing his was a temper akin to her own and that of her mother and thus infamous, said she, “I thought you might appreciate having someone show you around today.”
The boy gaped at her pertness, but a mildly amused smile replaced his frown, as he said, “I suppose it would not be the worst thing in the world, though I had hoped Adan would be my guide again today.”
She made a face of disgust, said she, “why would you want to be guided about by that stuffy boy?  Besides, he is a far more advanced Student whereas we are both beginners.  Do you have your schedule yet?”
Jace grinned at this description of his new friend but said nothing as he rummaged around in his pocket and withdrew a crumpled paper and handed it to the girl, who took it with interest and nodded as she studied it.  At last she said, “we are in the same classes it seems, so I am far more suited to guiding you about than that bore.”
Jace wore a vastly amused smile and the girl paled in horror, guessing immediately who it was that must be standing at her shoulder.  She turned with wide eyes to meet those of Adan, which were dancing with silent amusement.  She blushed scarlet, but held her ground, refusing to be so easily thwarted.  Said he at last, amusement strong in his reply, “come now Briane, I am not all that bad am I?”
She stared at him, never having imagined he possessed such a thing as a sense of humor, but his eyes continued to dance while she floundered awkwardly for some way to regain control of the situation, said she at last, “I suppose not, I was just trying to...well anyway...we had best get down to breakfast ere we are late.”  The boys exchanged an all too amused smile, but politely followed her hasty retreat to the dining hall.  As they walked, they whispered quietly together, much to Briane’s continued mortification and fury, though the conversation had nothing whatsoever to do with her, her mounting frustration only fed the amusement shared by her companions.  They reached the dining hall just in time, for she was fit to burst or throw something in her angst while the gentlemen could barely contain their mirth.  Thankfully the obtaining of food and seats allowed all and sundry a chance to regain their composure and take up the conversation as if nothing untoward had happened.
Adan said genuinely, “I think Briane has the right of it Jace, she would be a far more appropriate guide, seeing that your schedules are comparable.  She’s also a native of Astoria so she just might have more insight into how things work around here than I do.  She’d be a perfect source for any information I failed to give you last night.”  His smile deepened and his eyes danced, “and she’s a far more lively conversationalist and much more interesting person, and thus a far better companion.”
She glared at him and then turned her fiery gaze upon Jace when he smiled in reply to Adan’s observations, which made them both smile all the more.  She sighed, resigning herself to their continued mercilessness regarding that particular topic, and said quite sweetly, “I am happy to see Adan agrees with my assessment.  What do you say?”
Jace squashed his grin and said as solemnly as he could, “I would be grateful for your help in the coming days.”  
She nodded curtly, as if the boy were at last speaking sense, and said, “very good, now we had best get to class.”  The gentlemen stood as the lady vacated her chair and then each proceeded in the appropriate direction.  Said Briane as Jace accompanied her to their first class of the day, “I suppose Adan isn’t as stodgy as I thought, in fact he hides his wit quite well, so well I once doubted he even knew how to laugh.”
Jace grinned, “you just haven’t spent any time in his company but rather chose to judge him from a distance and decided he wasn’t worth knowing.”
She stared at him, this sudden insight worthy of her own quick wit, she smiled proudly, a possessive light in her eyes, which made Jace a little uneasy, but she said contritely, “you have the right of it, sir, I congratulate you on your insight.”
He stared at her as if she had uttered complete nonsense, never having believed this half-fey creature capable of such contrition or of offering true praise!  He shook his head in wonder but was saved from contriving a reply by their arrival at their classroom.  They silently took their seats and awaited the advent of their teacher, a creature Jace was much desirous to look upon, as it would be his first close look at one of the near mythical Brethren, having paid little heed in his class the previous day and being too nervous to look too closely at those warding the gate upon his arrival.  He blinked in astonishment when the man entered the room, at the sheer commonality of the man, having assumed the members of said brotherhood would be obviously different from ordinary men.  This time he attended to the lecture with open ears and a ready mind, gaining at last answers to some of his myriad questions and birthing far more.  He smiled in amusement at his own tenacity, wondering if he would ever be sated when it came to knowledge or if he were doomed to ask more questions with each answer he was given.  He sighed at his tendency to wander and forced himself to pay attention to what the man was saying.
Afterwards, Briane met him at the door with a quizzical smile on her face, asked she, “well?”
Jace grinned, “if this class is any indication, this place has well earned its reputation as the center of learning and wisdom in the civilized world.”  
She nodded proudly and escorted him out to the practice yard where their sword class was to commence.  Jace was both eager and anxious for his next class, for the old guardsman had taught him much, but claimed Jace was too clumsy, slow, and muddleheaded to learn aught else of the weapon, but the boy wondered if it was rather that the man had come to the end of his knowledge and was too ashamed to admit it to a mere boy.  Today might tell him the truth of the matter.  The class was apparently made up of neophytes who did not know one end of a blade from the other, and it was with a broad smile that Jace realized he was at the top of his class the very first day.
The aging swordmaster eyed the young scamp with some pride but reproved Jace sternly, “don’t let it go to your head lad, just because you know how to hold a sword without cutting your leg off.  You might be good compared to these beginners but we’ll see what comes of you in a more advanced class.”
The boy’s triumphant smile fell and an anxious light entered his eyes, what would come of him in an advanced class?  The man saw his reaction and nodded approvingly to himself before turning to a nearby student to offer comments on his stance and grip on the weapon.  
Afterward, Briane beamed, “I have never seen the swordmaster so impressed!  He is not one easily moved.”
Jace gaped, “impressed?!  The man just took me down three pegs and nearly promised to let the advanced students use me as a practice dummy.”
Briane grinned all the more, triumphant in knowing she understood at least one person better than her brother.  She led the way to the kitchens where they would spend the next hour helping with the busywork necessary for the noon meal.  He exchanged a glum look with his escort and said, “I forgot that there is more to life in Astoria than learning and leisure.”
She grinned at him and handed him a knife and a potato, saying, “I hope you are as handy with this blade as you are with a sword.”  He returned her smile and they both set to work while Juliene watched surreptitiously from the far side of the kitchen, irritated at her daughter’s disobedience but encouraged at their budding friendship and the little quirks and characteristics that marked the boy indelibly as her own offspring.  She smiled eagerly, but forbore telling the lad just yet, not wanting to distract him from his remaining duties that day.  The pair finished their tasks and vanished towards the dining hall for their midday meal.

Jace’s heart dropped into his stomach as a servant approached him after supper that night, for it seemed the head cook was intent on speaking with him privately upon some serious matter.  Yet again he was to miss the camaraderie amongst his fellow students that inevitably followed dinner, but he dared not keep the lady waiting, he wondered if he had made some horrid mistake slicing vegetables earlier in the day, if so, the discipline here was far harsher than he had at first imagined!  He dejectedly followed the fellow to a small room just off the kitchens, fully chastened before he had even faced the Lady of the Kitchens.  The servant opened the appropriate door, bowed himself out, and shut the door as he left.  Jace was left alone with the imperious looking woman, who wore a thoughtful smile, which he assumed boded ill for his own wellbeing; the Lady of Astoria herself could not be more intimidating, or so he thought at that particular moment.
She saw his timidity and said gently, “easy lad, you are in no particular trouble at the moment.  I simply had a few questions for you.”
He relaxed somewhat and took the chair she offered as she assumed the one opposite and then began to interrogate him regarding his history and family.  He was unsure what she thought of his answers, as no hint escaped her thoughtful but stony visage, at last she said, “you do know that Briane is my daughter?”
He gaped and quavered in reply, “no my lady, that she failed to mention.”  He added hastily, “but don’t worry, we’re just friends, honest!”
She could not restrain her smile at such an outburst, how was it her children were so good at discomfiting her of late?  Laughed she, at which he visible melted, “that is the last reason I asked for this interview, but I am glad you find her company agreeable, for she is your sister.”
She gave the boy several long minutes to gape and stutter and then began her own story, he soon lost himself in the telling, nodding and grimacing as he recognized his father in her words, which was all the more proof, had she needed any, that he was her lost son.  When she had finished, they looked at one another awkwardly for a moment and then she said rather anxiously, “I know it has been an eventful few days, but I hope this last revelation has not completely overwrought your sensibilities and that you can forgive my abandoning you when you needed me most.”  She studied her hands in dismay, “it was the hardest thing I ever did, and you will never know how it wrung my heart, but there was nothing else to be done.”  She looked up hopefully, “but perhaps we have a chance to right the wrongs of the past and to start anew?”
The boy was silent a moment, but there was such a piteous plea in her voice and so desperate a look in her eyes that he could do but one thing: wholeheartedly did he fling himself into the dear woman’s arms; she needed no other answer.  They stood there for a long time, sobbing like heartbroken children in both unfettered joy and releasing years of buried sorrow.  The weeping subsided into an occasional sniffle or sigh; they looked at one another with radiant though teary eyes, strangely happy, heartbroken, and embarrassed all at the same time.  A stifled giggle, quite alien amidst that solemn, nay sacred atmosphere, brought a flare of color to both faces and two sets of eyes set to desperately searching the far corners for this profaner of a moment most dear.  With an exasperated sigh, Juliene released her son and turned stern but forbearing eyes upon her daughter, in no way surprised that the girl had somehow discovered their tryst and found a way to secret herself in the back of the room.  She would have smiled in rueful pride save that it would only encourage the girl, for it was a feat worthy of herself at that age.
At last she said, “quit lurking in the shadows Briane and let our family be whole once more.”  The girl crept unabashedly from her hiding place, nearly glowing in triumph, smiled like a smug cat at her brother, and nodded in greeting to her mother.  What followed was long cherished in all their hearts as one of the dearest hours in each of their lives.  Finally, long after curfew, all three crept wearily but joyously to their beds.


4

Jace awoke the next morning both jubilant and disbelieving, could it be true that he was no longer alone in the world?  That the future lay wide open and bright before him?  He smiled joyously and flew through his morning routine with a zest that defied the meager amount of sleep he had had the previous night and very nearly danced his way down the hall to breakfast.  He felt a prisoner long held in darkness and chains, just now released into freedom and sunshine, for he was no longer the friendless boy enclosed by grim walls of stone and worse, fenced out of all human society and companionship by hearts far more hard and grim than the ramparts of that forsaken keep.  He was far from whole, but last night there had come a breaking, and with it, the healing might now begin.  He smiled like joy itself as he skipped into the dining hall, nearly trampling Adan in his exuberance.  The older boy shook his head and smiled at what was by now a familiar ritual, but then his eyes narrowed and he studied Jace with an uncomfortable intensity, for there was something odd about the lad this morning.
At last he said, “you are very nearly glowing, my friend, what has passed in the night to elicit such joy?”  
Jace’s smile nearly split his face asunder, for he could not wait to broadcast his joy to the world.  As they sat down to eat, he began his tale, little noticing his fast cooling eggs as they congealed into something quite inedible, but so too did his audience grow with each passing word and many a plate was ignored or forgotten that morning, as half the student body listened in wonder to the tale that was told.  When he finished, a great whoop of joy escaped each astonished throat, echoing the unexpressed wonder in his own heart.  Only then did they notice the time, and as one, they vanished hastily to their forgotten classes lest they all be late.
Breathing hard, but just in time, Jace raced into the weapons practice yard for his first day in the intermediate sword class.  The old swordmaster eyed him gravely but could not hide the slight smile that lifted one side of his mouth, the other was permanently frozen in a dour expression, thanks to a great scar that ran from temple to jaw, many were the stories told of how he had won it, but none knew the true tale, for no one had yet been bold enough to ask.  The man nodded to the latecomer gravely, motioned for him to take up a practice sword, and join the others that were impatiently waiting for the lesson to begin.  The older students eyed the newcomer with incredulity, wondering how this mere boy qualified to stand among them, but Adan smiled knowingly and gave his friend an encouraging wink.  They paired off, set themselves, and began to spar.
Jace was at first overwhelmed, having only ever faced the grizzled old guardsman in feigned combat, his current opponent was far younger, quicker, and felt it his duty to teach this upstart boy his place, but years of practice and a natural talent quickly overcame his hesitation and it was the older lad who learned a lesson that day: that age or lack thereof did not necessarily signify one’s level of experience or skill.  The swordmaster watched stonily, a strange light in his eyes.  He called a break, allowed the boys to catch their breath, and switched up the pairs for another round.  So it was that Jace bested every lad in the class that day, save Adan, whom he fought to a standstill, but he could not say of a certain that he did not go easy upon him for the sake of their friendship.
The swordmaster was far from pleased.  He dismissed the other lads that they might clean up before their next class, but Jace he held after for a private dressing down.  The boy was rather dismayed, feeling the man should be impressed by his demonstration of skill that day, but it was not in this that he was disappointed, rather he rounded on the boy and said, “what were you thinking in that last round lad?”
Jace frowned, “I do not know what you mean, sir?  I did the best I could.”
The man shook his head adamantly, “that you did not, perhaps you thought you did, but you went easy on the lad, is he a friend of yours?”  Jace frowned thoughtfully but nodded his assent.  The man smiled in grim satisfaction, continuing in a less exasperated tone, “you must learn to employ your skills to their fullest but also learn when quarter must be given.  You must overcome your natural tendency to go easy on those with whom you are close, and rather consciously decide how hard to press your foe, or friend, whatever the case may be.  There may come a day lad, when you are forced to cross swords with him whom you love best in the world and on that day you must be able to control yourself, to press yourself hard, else all will be lost.  It is a great responsibility, but it is the cost of bearing and using such a weapon.  Can you do it?”
The boy gulped, his eyes wide, and nodded adamantly, determined not to disappoint this gruff old man.  That half smile flashed briefly across his countenance, but Jace was certain of what he had seen, and knew Briane would not be pleased to know that he could now read the stony swordmaster at least as well as she, which brought a silly grin to his own face, which was rather out of place at such a moment.  The swordmaster barked, “off with you now before you are late, again.”  The grin vanished, the boy bowed his farewell, and flew like a fox before the hounds.
His reassignment to a different sword class meant his entire schedule had to be switched around, which meant he now shared only half his classes with Briane, rather than the majority of them.  He had not seen her since the previous night, for she had not come to breakfast, but he hoped to see her during their introductory philosophy class.  He crept in at the last moment and took a seat far to the back, Briane sat near the front and flashed him a mischievous grin as he slunk in and then returned her attention to their teacher, who watched his last student enter with a long suffering smile before beginning the lesson.  Chagrin briefly colored Jace’s cheeks, but soon enough he was lost in the topic and his heart leapt eagerly as the lesson progressed, for never had his mind tried to wrap itself around such concepts and ideas; suddenly a whole new universe of thought had opened itself to him, like a rose breaking forth into full bloom as the sun’s first rays fall upon it, though he did find it mildly annoying that such an astute man must ever weave the Master and his doings into what should be a purely factual presentation.  He smiled wryly and supposed it was a foible he must tolerate if he were to study under such fanatics who mistook myth for very truth.
After class, Briane joined him in the hall with a warm smile, said she, “well brother,” she shook her head at the strangeness of speaking it aloud for the first time and smiled the more, “I heard of your exploits in the weapons yard this morning, why did you not tell me you were so skilled a swordsman?”
Jace smiled like a rogue, “but my dear sister, you never asked, and I would never think of insulting one of your cunning by blatantly telling you something that you should be able to discern simply by spending a moment in my company.”
She rolled her eyes and laughed, “you didn’t know the extent of your own skill.  Why did you not just say so in the first place?  There is no sense dissembling to, quote, ‘one of my cunning.’”
He laughed, “you have me there little sister.”
She glared at him, “and how am I your little sister?  We do not know which of us was born first and we are of a height.”
He returned her smug smile from the previous evening but said nothing in reply, leaving her to wonder what it was he knew or wanted her to think he did.

After dinner that evening, Adan, Briane, and some of their varied friends and acquaintances gathered around Jace with curiosity, pride, and wonder in their eyes, as if he were the hero of some great tale that was only begun.  He had already proved himself a man of skill and intelligence during his brief stay in Astoria; the miraculous appearance of a mother and sister added the necessary bit of romance to the saga, this along with his difficult and mysterious past were irresistible to these lovers of epic tales, now all that remained was a romantic interlude to make it a proper story.  While Jace’s admirers and well-wishers gathered in one corner of the dining hall, another group of students assembled on the far side, composed mostly of those older students he had bested with the sword that day and those who sympathized with them.  
Though the Brethren did not encourage rivalry amongst their pupils, being human and young, it was inevitable that such feelings would arise from time to time, especially surrounding one so young, yet so talented.  So it was that a legend was born, or as much of a legend as one can be without having accomplished something significant in life.  There was no arguing the fact that the boy was very likeable, quite skilled, and great fun to be around.  The other students fell firmly into one of two camps: they either loved or loathed him; there was no middle ground.  Those his own age and younger or who took the time to actually get to know him, found much to admire while those who were older, jealous, or felt themselves humiliated or wronged, loathed the very thought of him.
He excelled in everything he turned his hand or mind to, being an excellent student as well as a natural athlete and warrior.  He quickly outpaced his classmates in the beginner lessons and soon found himself placed in the intermediate and even the advanced classes with students several years older than himself, which only increased the abhorrence felt by his detractors and the near adoration of his supporters.  Jace was so used to indifference, or even open hostility, from those nearest to him that he easily ignored his critics while growing ever closer to his friends and newfound family.  So it was that he truly began to flourish, having found his place and his purpose, or so he thought, for there was nothing he could not do and those that said otherwise were only deceiving themselves.
There was only one thing he could not understand, one blotch upon an otherwise perfect existence and bright future: he could not reconcile himself to the existence of the Master or rather his need for such a concept, yet the supposedly wise folk that lectured him daily upon any number of topics seemed to take His existence as a matter of course and found absurd ways to interconnect it with everything they said or did.  How could such learned individuals not see their own folly and be so oblivious to their own blindness?  
One night he cornered Adan in the dining hall after supper, said he, “we need to talk.”
Adan quietly studied his friend and knew the moment of decision had finally come.  He had watched Jace struggle, fight, and mull over the issue since his arrival in Astoria.  He nodded somberly and said, “let us retreat to your room where we may speak at length and undisturbed.”  Jace nodded and led the way out of the dining hall and back to his room.
Once they were comfortably ensconced in the little room, Jace began, “you know how I have struggled for weeks with reconciling the concept of the Master with what is otherwise a wise and rational folk.  How can they believe as they do yet seem so wise and learned?”  He frowned, “you have never told me of your convictions in this matter.”
Adan could not help but smile, said he, “you have never asked, and struggling as you are, I did not think you would appreciate me foisting my own thoughts upon you unasked.”
Jace nodded, his mouth twisted in a wry expression, “I am grateful for that, but the time has come and I now ask that you tell me truly, how it is you can accept all the words of our teachers as truth or how you accept part as truth and discard the rest as folly.”
Adan studied his companion silently for some moments, trying to gage his reaction of the revelation he was about to make, hoping it would not destroy their friendship, said he, “I find no incongruity in their words or beliefs, rather I do not see how such a wondrous world could arise without Someone to give it form and function, nor can I see how such concepts as love, joy, beauty, and purpose have any place in a world that is the result of accident or happenstance.”
Jace sighed deeply, inhaled slowly, then looked his friend in the eyes, saying, “you are no fool, my friend, so I must respect your opinion even if I cannot hold it as my own.”  He glanced down nervously at his hands, which gripped his trousers in unconscious dread, hesitatingly he looked up and asked, “do you intend to go through with it then?”
Adan’s eyes narrowed, “go through with what?
Jace clarified in growing apprehension, “to join them, the Brethren, I mean.”
Adan nodded, leant back in his chair, evenly met his companion’s worried gaze, and said quietly, “I do.”
Jace sighed heavily, as if hearing dreadful news about which he could do nothing, then said resignedly, “I will miss you.”
Adan barked a laugh, “it will be a few months yet before I am old enough, and anyway, it is not like I am going to die when I take my Oath.”
Jace shook his head, “you don’t understand, do you?”  He locked gazes uneasily with his confounded companion, said he, “when you become one of them, you cease to belong to the world in which the rest of us dwell.  You enter a world of myth and magic, in which rational minds can have no part.  I wish you well of it, my friend, but I cannot be happy in your decision.”
Adan grinned in spite of himself, “then at least be happy for me, for it is what I want with all my heart.”
Jace smiled sadly, accepting his friend’s heartfelt words, nodding he said, “very well, I shall rejoice in your contentment and try and be so myself.”  He sighed again and with a wan smile said, “come, the night wastes, let us make all we can of the time that remains to us.”  Adan shook his head ruefully, wondering why Jace kept speaking as if joining the Brethren was akin to committing suicide, but he faithfully followed his friend back to the dining hall to see what their comrades were up to.


5

The next day as Adan and Jace were crossing the castle courtyard on their way to their sword class, they were forced aside as a large mounted party clattered into the courtyard and a bevy of servants came rushing forward to hold horses, help with luggage, and assist the ladies in dismounting.  The pair of students watched in fascination from the shadow of the stables, ignoring the myriad guards and servants that accompanied the party, rather focusing on the lady just alighting from her horse, a girl about their own age, but judging by her entourage, clothes, and bearing, of noble if not royal birth.  She was also the most beautiful woman either had ever seen.  She disdainfully scanned the courtyard, completely oblivious to their very existence.  They exchanged a rueful smile and then hastened off to class, knowing the swordmaster was far less keen on tardiness than all their other teachers combined.
When they returned after practice, the courtyard was again empty save for the usual denizens thereof busy about their errands at that particular time of day.  Just then Briane ducked out of the stable where she had just finished her turn at mucking stalls, said she excitedly, “did you see that royal lady that just arrived?”  They nodded, eager for her to continue the tale, entranced as they were with the comely maiden, despite her haughty demeanor.  Continued she, “the Lady of Astoria herself came down to meet her, for she would speak to no one else.  It seems she’s a veritable princess, if the eighth of twelve children, but she acts as if she were already a sitting Queen.  Her father sent her here to study.”  
She glanced around quickly to make sure no one was listening or paying them any heed, gossip was not a trait the Brethren encouraged any more than rivalry, she lowered her voice and said, “though in truth, I think she’s here to find a husband.  There’s many a great lord and even a few Kings that send their sons here to study in hopes they’ll make better leaders one day.  She was quite distraught when the Lady said her entourage couldn’t stay in the keep; she alone could remain, and only so long as she submitted herself to the role of Student.  Her companions would either have to go back to her father or find somewhere to stay in the city.  My how she gaped and railed, but in the end she had no choice, no one can match the Lady glare for glare, especially so spoiled a girl.  I bet she won’t last a fortnight before she goes sulking back to daddy.”  
Both of the boys looked rather disappointed which made Briane grimace in dismay and no little disgust, “don’t tell me you two are falling for her?!”
Jace said rather lamely, “she is rather pretty.”
She shook her head and sighed at her hopeless brother and then frowned at Adan, said she, “and what about you?”
Adan grinned roguishly, “and what business of yours is it whom I find attractive, my lady?”
She crossed her arms and scowled, “as your friend and your best friend’s sister, I should think it is some business of mine.”
Jace quietly studied his furious sister and the strangely taunting Adan, suddenly wondering if there might not be more between them than friendship, though apparently neither was aware of their deeper feelings at the moment, if any.  A rather devious thought occurred to him, and happy for some distraction from this disquiet revelation, Jace said with an impish smile, “the lady in question hardly seems likely to join the Brethren, thus Adan must look elsewhere for female companionship if he truly intends to take his Oath one day.”
The pair had been exchanging glares, Briane’s was furious and Adan’s highly amused, but this outburst brought both sets of eyes to bear on the now abashed Jace, desperately wishing he had thought it over before just blurting it out.  He saw the hurt in Adan’s eyes and flinched as if he had been physically struck while Briane was flabbergasted.  She whispered at last, “is this true?”
Adan frowned at Jace in consternation at this breach of trust and then turned to face Briane, saying softly, “such is my intention though I had not yet told anyone but your brother, whom I did not give leave to spread it abroad.”
“Well,” said Briane, a little too sharply, “we had best get to class or we’ll be late!”  She dashed off without a farewell and Jace thought she was trying to hold back the tears as she fled.
Adan gave him a grim look, Jace studied his feet and colored like a sunset, he raised his eyes to his friend’s stony gaze, and muttered, “I’m sorry, I didn’t think before I spoke.  I was just trying to rile you both.  I didn’t mean to hurt Brie or break your trust.”
Adan’s grim face melted into a rueful smile, “I suppose word would get out eventually, and you are right, I have no right to be making eyes at a woman who is not likely to become one of my future comrades.  I had just hoped to enjoy a little more time as just another student rather than face my companions in the role of future Apprentice.  You are my dearest friend and got all weird when I mentioned it, imagine how those less acquainted with me will take it.”
Jace smiled wryly, “my sister was example enough, but maybe once everyone gets over the initial shock things will go back to relative normalcy.”
Adan smiled, “I hope you are right, and even if they don’t, it is the truth and I must live with it regardless, I had just hoped to announce it in my own time, not have it prematurely broadcast hither and yon by an overwrought Briane.”

The noon meal was as awkward as either of them could have imagined, which only reinforced Jace’s opinion that one might as well commit suicide as join the Brethren, for the effects on one’s social status were inevitably the same thing.  A few of their closer friends and most of the current Apprentices in residence came over to verify the rumor and wish Adan well in his future career, but most of the Students kept their distance and stared at him as if he had sprouted another head.  Briane was nowhere to be seen, which only made Jace feel even more wretched over his ill-timed comment.  Adan gave him a wry grin as they sat by themselves, as if they carried the pox.  Jace smiled ruefully in return, deciding they might as well find the situation amusing if they could, it was either that or break down and cry, which wouldn’t help things at all.  Besides, things would settle down in a few days, especially with a renegade Princess in residence who should provide distractions aplenty in days to come.  He frowned as he considered what his continued association with Adan might do to his own social standing.
Thankfully his prediction came true before he had managed another forkful, providing some much needed relief from that last troubling thought, as the lady in question stormed into the dining hall, demanding that someone, anyone, attend to her needs immediately.  Every lad amongst the Students, save the disgraced Adan and his companion, leapt to their feet to do her bidding, but a collective gasp ran through the hall and froze all where they stood, as the Lady of Astoria herself strode through the hall.  Jace studied her in wonder, this being his first real view of the legendary leader of the Brethren; he was not disappointed, for here was power indeed!  She calmly ordered the students to resume their seats and interrupted activities, before sternly drawing the girl aside to give yet another lecture on the behavior expected of a Student.
The Lady then withdrew, leaving an awkward silence in her wake, before everyone burst into conversation all at once.  The seemingly cowed princess contritely fetched her own food and meekly looked for a place to sit before seating herself across from the other outcasts.  Jace smiled warmly in greeting and for a moment, her icy haughtier melted away to reveal a warm and eager smile in return, but she soon schooled her features to indifference once more as she studied her scandalous-seeming companions.
Said she with only slight disdain, “are either of you of noble blood?”
Jace grinned the more while Adan rolled his eyes, said the former, “I am in a way, my lady.”
She frowned, imperiously studied the food on the end of her fork, and then asked in perplexity, “in a way?  Either you are or you are not, sir, be good enough to tell me if you are truly of that persuasion.”
Jace shrugged, taking the plunge, “my grandfather was a nobleman but forced to flee his homeland when war broke out.  My mother is likewise of noble stock, though long bereft of fortune.  I shall bow to your wisdom in this instance, for I do not know if that qualifies me as nobly born or not?”
She smiled pertly at his boldness, “very well sir, I shall pronounce you a nobleman born and bred, and therefore one with whom I might feel at ease interacting.  A well-bred horse is no less fine for having fallen in the mire or tangling itself in briar and bramble, neither do hard times destroy a noble lineage.  What of your friend here?”
Adan grinned in spite of himself, “I am of peasant stock my lady and also in disgrace amongst the Students of Astoria, you could not find a worse rogue with whom to converse at the moment.”
She looked at him askance, as if she wondered at his bantering tone and whether his words were merely taunting or the truth.
Jace laughed, “he might be a peasant born my lady but knows nothing of playing the rogue.  It has merely come to the attention of our comrades that he wishes to join ranks with our esteemed hosts one day and for this he is temporarily ostracized by our peers.”
She smiled slightly, catching their amusement, “ah,” said she, “a fugitive lord and his outcast friend must be far more interesting companions for an exiled princess than many hereabouts.”  She thawed completely and Jace caught his breath as she smiled whole-heartedly, “very well, you shall have the honor of showing me about this peculiar place and teaching me all I must know.”  Jace nodded exuberantly and Adan shook his head in wonder at his friend’s infatuation.
Just then a feminine throat cleared behind her ladyship and all three jumped to see Briane standing there, said she with only a slight tremor in her voice to betray the shock she had suffered earlier that day, “you want these two clowns to lead you around, my lady?”
Ella turned round to glare at the insolent girl, saying, “and who are you to gainsay me?”
Briane didn’t even flinch, but actually smiled, “your esteemed lord happens to be my brother.”
“Ah,” said the lady, “then I suppose you might join our company, if it is agreeable to you, for I cannot so easily dismiss perhaps the only lady of noble birth in all of Astoria.”
Briane could not help but laugh, “nay my lady, that would be very unwise, for I must either love you or loath you, for you are not a personality I may simply ignore.  Very well, I shall accompany you and these reprobates for a time and we shall see what comes of it.”  She glared warmly at said reprobates and seated herself beside the princess, who could not help but smile at the girl’s boldness and fiery temper.  Thus it was agreed that the three would do their best to acquaint her ladyship with life in Astoria in the days to come, and for the first time since her father declared her exile, Ella felt the first stirrings of eagerness for what was to come.
Ella accompanied Briane to her remaining classes that afternoon, and eagerly plied the girl with questions regarding her rather handsome and roguish brother.  She was delighted to hear that he was smart, popular, athletic, and had an upstanding reputation, though it must be taken into account that this was a fond sister’s representation, but that not withstanding, it was a promising start.  By the end of the day, the two girls were chatting and giggling as if they were old friends, a display Jace was both happy and dismayed to see, wondering what his sister would tell her companion of her irksome brother yet glad to see that the comely girl could forget her royal heritage and actually act like a warm and responsive human being on occasion.  
They suddenly seemed to sense his presence and glanced at him sharply, at which he grinned insolently and offered Ella his arm, saying, “might I escort you to dinner, madam?”
She beamed at him, gave him a perfect little curtsy, took his arm, and together they vanished in the direction of the dining hall, each giving Briane a smile in farewell, his was even more insolent and hers was most cordial.  Briane shook her head in exasperation at her tiresome brother’s antics and went to find Adan, needing to talk with him privately after the day’s troubling revelation.  She frowned, usually the pair was inseparable this time in the evening, but she could not see him anywhere.
She jumped when she saw a shadowy figure moving out of the corner of her eye but hid her chagrin rather well as she hastened after the retreating form, who had been watching from a far turning in the hall.  Adan stopped when he heard Briane following, allowing her to catch up.  He smiled ruefully at her and said quietly, “alone as well my lady?”
She smiled sadly up at him and said, “that I am, my good man.”
He grinned impishly, “have you forgiven me my intentions yet?  Or your brother for his ill-timed outburst?”
She shook her head in feigned dismay, “that scamp!  But yes, I cannot stay angry with him for long, he means well, if he is not always tactful in his approach.”  She turned curious eyes upon Adan, “do you really mean to go through with it?”  
He nodded, “it is my dearest wish.”
She looked at the floor, unable to meet his solemn but eager eyes, quavered she, “I had not realized what you meant to me until Jace’s announcement; I felt as if someone told me you were dead!”
He laughed heartily, “why does everyone react that way?”
She shook her head ruefully and met his gaze once more, but then looked away abashedly, wishing she had not, pled she, “is there nothing that will change your mind?  What if I said that you are more than a friend to me and I hope one day it will be far more?”
He smiled down at her sadly, placing his fingers under her chin and raising her eyes to his own, said he, “not even that lady, though your words are music to my heart.  Know that your feelings are not unrequited, but I know with all my heart I must do this thing.”
Tears glistened unshed in her eyes as she nodded, glancing again at the floor, “is there no way?”
He smiled wanly, “aye, there is a way, but I fear it is not a path you will take.”
She looked at him with all seriousness and said, “what must I do?”
He shook his head, “I may only pursue a woman of my own calling.”
She gasped but frowned thoughtfully, “I had never even considered it.”
He said quietly, “neither can you pursue that calling simply to win my heart, it must be done willingly for its own sake.”
She sighed heavily, but said, “I must carefully consider this matter.”  She put a gentle hand to his cheek, smiled sadly, and walked away.  Adan watched her go, wearing a smile both thoughtful and sad.


6

The great wagons rumbled to a stop on the outskirts of the modest city and immediately the peddlers leapt from their perches, broke out their wares, whisked their horses out of the way, and cried aloud all the while, extolling their peculiar and much desired wares; the crowd closed in like vultures on carrion to discover what, if anything, borne by these traders from afar might convince them to part with their hard earned coin.  As evening faded into night, the last of the customers straggled home, leaving the merchants at last to themselves.  Jay had just finished his attentions to the last of the horses as he settled the beasts for the night when his father approached, placing a firm hand upon his shoulder.
Jay turned to meet the man’s beaming gaze and smiled contentedly, knowing he could not ask for more out of life, but the man’s countenance fell as he said, “lad, I know what it is you want most in life, but there is something you must do ere you have your wish.”
The boy steadily met his father’s gaze, wondering what it was the man proposed.  Continued he, “I know you want nothing more than to have a wagon of your own, full of wares to sell, and impatiently await the day it will be so, as do I, but first I think it best if you discovered what else the world might hold for you, rather than dooming yourself to the life of a wandering merchant.  I want you to spend a year in Astoria, study what you will, interact with others your own age, and see if anything else sparks your interest or desire.  If not, we’ll be back in a year’s time to retrieve you and then you shall have your wish.  If you find something else, well, anything that makes you happy could not make me prouder.”
The boy stared at his father in dismay, a year?!  In a strange city, alone?  The man laughed heartily at the boy’s discomfiture, “easy lad, it is only a year and that to spare you a life of regret.  I never had the chance and I’ve always wondered what else my life might have been.  I will not curse you with that burden.  What do you say?”  The boy sighed heavily but nodded, he could never defy his dear papa in anything.

The next morning saw the lad bidding a sad farewell to his folk, knowing this would undoubtedly be the longest year of his life, but saying nothing of his dismay, he tried to smile and part ways as pleasantly as such a thing could be done.  He turned up the road leading into the city proper with drooping shoulders, soon losing himself in the growing sea of strangers; his father watched with a sad smile, long after he had vanished from sight.  It would break both their hearts but he knew it was for the best; it was only a year after all.
The boy tromped along, unheeding of anything else about him until he stood outside the gates of the towering castle.  He mumbled something incoherent about coming to study to the guards at the gates and was soon admitted and given into the keeping of a waiting servant, who did his best to get the dejected young man settled, but there were some comforts the man could not give.  He smiled sadly at the boy, knowing innately that he was heartsick for home, and knew only time and love could heal that particular wound.  He left the lad with a cheerful farewell, sitting listlessly on the bed in his new room, but he was not even sure the lad had heard him before he returned to his own duties.
Jace returned briefly to his room during the lunch hour to discover he had a roommate at long last.  He glanced anxiously about the room, embarrassed that he had books and papers and clothes strewn about the room as if it were entirely his own, but the newcomer didn’t seem to mind or even notice.  He frowned when the boy failed even to raise his head to see who had opened the door.  “Hey!” said Jace, but the lad just sat there, staring out the window with unseeing eyes.  Frustrated, the boy did the only thing he could think of and splashed the unresponsive fellow with a handful of water from the washbasin.
That did the trick, the boy leapt off the bed in a fury and looked ready to tear this impertinent intruder asunder for his temerity, but the impish grin covering the fellow’s face froze him in his tracks.  He frowned at Jace and grumped, “can’t you leave a fellow to his own thoughts?”
Jace shook his head, “not when they are so dreadful that life is no longer worth the living.  I can’t let you stew in your own dejection!”
Jay sighed heavily, “but I’ve lost everything I’ve ever loved.”
Jace gave him a horrified look, “permanently?”
Jay shook his head, “only for a year.”
Jace laughed wryly, “what are you thinking man?  You haven’t lost anything, rather you’ve merely laid it aside for a time.”  Said he more soberly, “be glad you have something to lose.”
Jay frowned, “what does that mean?”
Jace shook his head, “nothing, just that it is a truly blessed man who has friends and family to miss him whilst he’s gone.”
Jay actually managed a wan smile, “right you are my friend, I hadn’t quite thought of it that way.  It is only a year after all and this place can’t be all that dreadful if they allow scoundrels like you to run amuck.”  Jace returned his grin and offered to escort him to lunch, to which the newcomer heartily agreed.
Briane, Ella, and Adan were waiting for Jace impatiently when he finally entered the dining hall, for he had gone to his room simply to fetch a book, they were all rather astonished to see him return with a person instead.  After getting their food and introductions all around, they settled in to interrogate the new arrival, which proved a pleasant distraction from his otherwise unsettling thoughts.  He was surprised at how much he was enjoying the company of others his own age, especially those of the feminine persuasion, perhaps his father had had the right idea after all.
As they sat before a roaring fire in the library that night swapping stories of the day’s misadventures, Jay felt himself right at home and eager to know more of his companions, and strangely, the world in general.  He smiled contentedly, knowing his father was a wise man indeed.

The next day was their Free Day, the one day of the week in which they had no classes or chores to attend to and on which they could wander about the city, gather with their friends, catch up on their reading, or explore the countryside about Astoria.  The odd little fivesome chose to do the latter, borrowing horses from the stable and bundled against the chill of early winter, they set off with joy in the morning.  They rode rather slowly, though the boys wished for nothing more than to go galloping over the frozen ground, but the ladies convinced them that such reckless riding over snow, ice, and frozen furrows could only end in disaster, so reluctantly they kept to the main road and the wider cart paths, keeping their pace to a safe but tedious walk.  
They chatted gaily amongst themselves, moving freely about the group, even Ella deigning to speak with those of common descent, having finally forgotten that she was of Royal blood and therefore superior to all life on earth; at last she was free to be merely a girl, without the pressure and temptations of palace life to crush her into a shape that was not naturally her own.  With each passing day, she relaxed more and more and truly started to bloom, becoming the woman she was always meant to be.  Jace watched her proudly and a bit possessively, though he had not yet realized that she was on the hunt for a noble heart and had selected his as her primary prey.  
Jay watched their interaction curiously, seeing enough between them to know that this particular lady, at least for the moment, was not open to or interested in his pursuit.  He smiled ruefully, with her Royal pedigree, she wasn’t likely to make a content peddler’s wife anyway.  He turned his attention to the other members of the party and studied them just as curiously, trying to map out the strange dynamics of the little group.  Adan rode with Jace’s sister at the moment though neither said much, save perhaps to comment on the weather or point out some pleasing view or oddity along the way.  There was definitely a little awkwardness there, but also more warmth than he would expect in mere friends; he scratched his head in befuddlement and decided the pair would bear watching, perhaps they did not even know themselves what was going on.
At last the pairs broke up, the gentlemen closed ranks while the ladies rode close together, whispering eagerly with no few giggles in the mix.  Asked Jace of Jay as they plodded along, “so you intend to finish out your year and then return to the wandering life of a merchant?”
Jay nodded, “that is my plan, at least at the moment.”  He grinned, “but who knows what may happen in a year in this peculiar place?”
Jace glanced at Adan with a knowing smile, “who indeed?”
Adan frowned good-naturedly at the pestiferous boy, forcing Jay to ask, “what does he mean?”
Adan studied the newcomer for a moment before saying, “he thinks me mad for wanting to join the Brethren.”  He glanced unconsciously ahead at Briane’s back and sighed, “and sometimes I wonder if he is not right.”
Jay followed his gaze and nodded to himself, so that was the game; there were feelings between the pair yet the man’s determination to do his duty as he saw it was coming between them.  What sort of man was this who would throw aside love for duty?  He felt a great respect budding in his heart for this noble young man.  Asked he of Jace, “you have no interest whatsoever in the matter?”
Jace grinned broadly, “I have no use or time for such a concept; I am well content in and of myself.”  He glanced fondly towards Ella before continuing, “what need have I for myths when life is so rich and full?”
Jay grinned, “strange that you can sit day after day in classes taught by those that hold such myths as very truth yet not come away tainted by association.”
Jace laughed, “I can sort the true wisdom from the chaff; I have long ago settled the affair to my own satisfaction.”
Adan leaned over with a wry grin and whispered, “just last week, actually.”
Jace glared at him but a rueful smile softened the expression and they all laughed, drawing the ladies’ attention.  They smiled back at the gentlemen, allowing their horses to lag so that the boys might catch up that they might ride all together, placing themselves on either side of the row of horsemen.  When they stopped for their midday picnic, the girls complained of the cold and Adan promised to escort them home after lunch while Jay and Jace agreed to venture further into the wood, wanting to explore, no doubt more recklessly than the ladies would otherwise approve.  They finished the meal, made their farewells, and then parted ways.
They left the horses tied on the verge of the forest, knowing they would be more hindrance than help upon their intended path.  A deep gorge wound through that part of the wood with a frozen river at the bottom of a sheer rocky drop.  They had intended to try climbing down, but the ice and snow clinging to the crevices hidden in the steep sides convinced them otherwise, instead they contented themselves with exploring the rim, gazing down into its depths, and eventually crossing to the far side via an ancient tree that had fallen across the ravine and acted as a natural bridge.  Their adventure was cut short by the early onset of night at that time of year and only reluctantly did they return to their horses and the city itself.  But they were very grateful to meet their friends at the castle gates with warm drinks, eager to hear of the day’s adventure.  Jay goggled at the fact that he was nearly a stranger, yet these peculiar folk had already embraced him as one of their own.  His heart still ached for his father and the family circle that was the merchant caravan, but at last he was content to realize he possessed a family of a different sort and there were acceptable ways to live other than that to which he was accustomed; he smiled to wonder how he would feel a year hence.

One day a few weeks later, Briane ordered Jace to accompany her back to his room and told Jay he had best stay away for a while, because she wanted to talk with her brother, alone.  Jace smiled incredulously at the girl, who was she to be demanding privacy when she managed to sneak her way into every secret conference he or their mother had ever tried to arrange, but so troubled was she that the irony was completely wasted.  He nodded, gave Jay a grateful look, received an amused nod in reply, and followed his sister as she marched off down the hall.  
Once they were alone, she turned to her brother and said with a troubled voice, “is Adan still intent on going through with this?”
Jace smiled sadly, “I am afraid he is and it is fast approaching.”  He had seen the growing affection between them and it hurt keenly to see his sister and best friend so confused as to what their relationship was and what the future held.  Adan sometimes spoke of ‘what ifs’ but he always came back to his original intention and from that he never swayed.  Poor Brie could not fathom why anyone would want to join the Brethren in the first place, which should have immediately ended the relationship, for her lack of understanding only made the situation worse when it was the most important thing in Adan’s life at the moment, but she was persistent and refused to abandon him until there was absolutely no hope.  He could not refuse her anything, being the consummate gentleman that he was, so they floundered along day by day, waiting for something, anything to happen, but it never did, save the day of the Oathtaking gradually drew closer.
“There is no hope?” mourned she.
Jace shook his head, “not unless you take the Oath too.”
She sighed heavily, “why can’t I just ignore him and get on with my life?”
Jace smiled sadly, “because he’s a good man, too good to be wasted on such a futile life, but it is his life to squander.”
She frowned, “but he doesn’t see it as such and he’s no fool.  What are we missing?”
Jace looked at her thoughtfully, “I have no idea.  Either he is wrong or we are.  But how can we be wrong?”  They shook their heads but came no closer to an answer.
She said resignedly, “I can’t abandon him, no matter how much it hurts, whatever betide, he is still my friend.”
Jace nodded, “my feelings exactly, perhaps it will be better once all of this is finally resolved and we can all go back to the way things were before.”
She said wistfully, “I am not sure I want them to be as they once were.”  Jace smiled sadly in understanding but had no answer.
They returned to the dining hall and joined the rest of their familiar company, Briane drawing aside with Adan to talk quietly in a corner.  They seemed to come to some sort of mutual understanding, even if Brie did run off crying to her mother, a not uncommon occurrence of late.  
As Adan returned to the group, Jay frowned, “what is it with you two?”
Adan shrugged, “she yearns after something I can never give her, at least not in the way she wants it.  I think at last she has come to understand that.”  A pained look entered his eyes, “and for that I am most grateful.”  Jace gave him a sad smile and nodded in commiseration.  Jay looked thoughtful.
Trying to change the subject, Ella chimed in, “she’ll get over it, a woman always does, though it tries her heart sorely in the interim.”  She smiled sweetly at Jace, “I hope I never have to go through such a trial myself.”
Jace caught her eye and blushed like a sunset, Ella being one of the few people who could fluster him these days, for his confidence and skill grew daily, but he was still uneasy around the ladies at times, especially those he found particularly attractive, most especially Ella.  The other students held him either in contempt or awe, with few exceptions, those being the members of their intimate little company, of which Jay was becoming a vital member, for with Adan soon to join the Apprentices, Jace was in desperate need of someone sensible to talk to.  He didn’t intend for it to happen, but slowly their friendship was changing as the Oathtaking approached, and after, he knew it could never be the same.  Thus he drew closer to Jay while he slowly drifted further from Adan.  He supposed it didn’t help that his sister was in love with the man, Adan reciprocated her feelings, but would not throw aside his silly Oath to pursue her.  With a sigh, he turned his attention back to the others, in desperate need of some distraction from these unsettling thoughts.
Distraction did come, but not in any form Jace had anticipated.  A servant approached and said that the Lady of Astoria wished for an audience.  The boy blanched in terror, having only ever seen her from afar, save for the day when she confronted Ella.  He held her in as much awe and dread as the other students, though terrified and perplexed as to what this could possibly be about, he dared not refuse her.  He nodded, stood, and exchanged an anxious look with his friends, before vanishing in the servant’s wake.


7

The servant led Jace deep into the castle, wherein the Lady kept her formal audience chamber, but they bypassed that particular room and entered a smaller room off to one side, wherein the Lady sat before a dying fire with a cup of tea in her lap.  She smiled warmly when Jace bowed himself in and the servant vanished, closing the door as he left, leaving the boy alone to face his doom, or whatever this was.  She motioned for him to seat himself in the opposing chair and help himself to some tea, had he the desire.  He was far too nervous to even think about tea and would rather pace than sit, but he dared not refuse her entirely.
Said she at last, a trace of amusement tingeing her voice as he finally seated himself like a condemned man before his judge, “I suppose you are wondering why I have summoned you?”  He nodded minutely and she continued, “you have quite a reputation young man, the reports I hear of your performance are remarkable, nay astonishing.  We have not seen your like in two centuries.”  She pierced him with her hawk-like gaze, “yet I also hear you are something of a heretic.”
He was on his feet in a moment, his fear forgotten, ready to defy the Lady of Astoria to her face.  She smiled amusedly as horror registered on his face and he sat suddenly, quite contrite, mumbling his apologies.  Her warm laugh was the last sound he expected to hear.  He looked up in astonishment into eyes warm, deep, and knowing, feeling that she could see into his very soul and understanding anew why Kings trembled in her presence.  Said she, “there is fire in you lad, just like your mother and sister.”  Her smile deepened at his shock, she continued, “I know most of what passes within the walls of my Keep.”  She sobered, “now why won’t you use your exceptional skills in the Master’s service?”
He stared at her incredulously, forgetting that it was rude, said he agape, “I have no use for your mythical Master.  I am content in and of myself, I need no one else.”
She smiled sadly, nodded, and said, “then there is nothing else we need discuss, save that I am very sorry for you, that is unless you have anything you would ask of me?”  He shook his head adamantly, made his bows, and literally flew from her presence.  She stared into the fire and sipped her tea, wondering what would come of such a remarkable young man if he continued to stubbornly refuse that which was asked of him.  She shuddered to think what that might be.  He had not been so blessed with skill, wisdom, and strength of character to live solely for himself, and she pitied him in his discovery of that fact, and prayed that he had the wisdom to see the light and embrace it when that fateful day finally came.

The weeks passed slowly for the little company, but finally the pivotal day of the Oathtaking came: the day that would utterly change everything, and not for the better, thought Jace bitterly.  Adan made his preparations and vanished for the ceremony.  Briane was inconsolable and would not leave her room; Ella condoled with her and refused to admit anyone else, leaving Jace and Jay to fend for themselves.  The only solace in all of it was that he and Ella were all but engaged, but that was of little consolation when Jace felt as if his heart was about to fall to pieces.  Curse the Master for deceiving and stealing his best friend and breaking his sister’s heart!  He was too distraught to consider the irony of cursing a being in which he did not believe.
He turned to Jay and growled, “I can’t stay here any longer.  I need to get away from Astoria until all this is over, for better or worse.  Come with me; bring your sword.”  
Jay nodded silently, concern and unasked questions in his eyes, but he followed Jace’s lead and soon found himself riding out of the city, practice sword strapped to his hip.  They rode without a word to the edge of the forest and left the horses, heading towards the gorge with all haste.  Jace drew his sword and climbed up on the great bole of the fallen giant that spanned the ravine, calling recklessly to his friend, “come, let us try our hand at a little sparring!”
Jay gaped, “are you mad?”  It was early spring, but the wind was still bitterly cold as it fretted with his cloak while ice and snow still lingered in the crevices, making Jace’s stunt not only foolish but truly treacherous.
“Coward!” shouted Jace, trying to goad his companion into a fight, shaking his sword for emphasis.  So frustrated and confused was he, that he was desperate for this foolish match to vent some of his irritation with life in general and the Brethren in particular.
“Come down Jace!” Jay shouted back, “there are better ways to deal with your frustration!”
Only then did Jace truly appreciate his situation: the gorge gaping on either side and an icy tree trunk under his feet.  He paled, nearly panicked, tried to gain control of himself, and then took a tentative step back towards the safety of the near side, only to slip and plunge into the chasm below.  Jace heard Jay’s howl of terror before something struck his head and then all was pain and blackness.
Jay raced to the edge of the gorge and stared in horror at the broken figure lying unmoving beside the frozen river.  He could not safely climb down to reach his friend without suffering a similar fate, nor was there anything he could do to rectify the situation even if he could.  His only choice was to ride back to Astoria and fetch help, which he did with a heavy heart and tears in his eyes.
A magpie lit on the chest of the unmoving boy, his breathing ragged and shallow while his eyes stared fixedly at nothing.  The little carrion fowl studied the prone form curiously, cocked his head, and suddenly the boy’s breathing normalized and his once vacant eyes blinked once, caught the bird’s eye, and then all was again blackness.
Jace glanced desperately around himself, but everywhere he looked there was Nothing.  This wasn’t just the deep black of starless night cloaking all in its midst; it was truly Nothing.  He was alone, dreadfully alone, and he wanted to scream in horror, for he was all there was and all there would ever be.  When he boasted that he needed nothing but himself, this was not what he thought he meant.
Suddenly there was Something: a flicker of light, a breath of air, another presence, and his heart leapt in very joy at the mere thought.  But his heart fell as he realized Who his companion was.  He trembled in terror and looked up into the fathomless eyes of a Great Unicorn, in whose depths churned all the joy and wonder and love in the worlds and beyond them, but with such a grief and sorrow marring their surface that it would tear a lesser heart asunder.  And he knew to his inmost being that he was the cause of that sorrow, with that thought he wanted to flee back into the Nothing in shame and terror.
The Nothing was about him immediately and his heart quailed in terror, forgetting how dreadful it truly was.  The Master appeared again, His great head cocked as if in question.  The boy stared into those eyes and knew himself known fully and intimately, yet felt himself loved infinitely, even so.  His gaze fell to the ever-dripping wound that marred that glorious side, a wound taken to spare Jace the unending dark, that he might be called Child instead of Rebel, Beloved instead of Wretch, that he might have Everything rather than Nothing.  His heart ached with an agony of understanding, shame, and remorse.  He had not made himself, the world, or anything in it, what right had he to say he was anything at all?  To think he could be content in and of himself?  He was nothing, would inherit Nothing, if that was his wish, but it was not so any longer.
He was on his knees, weeping bitterly, what hope was there for such a wretch as he?  He felt the gentle touch of a velvet nose and then all comfort and joy washed over him.  It was gone, all of it!  The shame, the guilt, the doubt, the fear!  All plunged forever into the Nothing and forgotten, only the love and the joy and the peace remained, and a grateful sense of newfound humility and childlike wonder.  Then there was nothing but an all-consuming light.
Jace wakened to find a grim looking Warrior kneeling beside him, studying his wounds.  The man leapt to his feet in astonishment when the boy’s gaze met his own, for the lad had been on the brink of death only a moment before, with more bones broken than whole and a nasty head wound besides.  But the boy was struggling to sit up, gazing about in wonder and confusion; he met and held the Warrior’s gaze, saying, “can you help me stand?”
The man shook his head adamantly and said, “you should be unconscious, if not dead!  How can you move at all?  Your body was crushed, your bones and spine shattered!”
But the boy only smiled impishly and asked, “I thought your folk believed in miracles?  Now come, help me stand or we’ll be trapped down here after dark.”
The man shook himself and stepped forward to help the boy, who was now sitting up but grimaced in pain as he tried to move his left leg.  They both studied it in wonder, for all his other bones seemed miraculously whole, but the great bone in his thigh was still broken.  They exchanged a wondering look and a thought flitted errantly through Jace’s head, ‘lest you grow too confident and forget.’  He smiled ruefully and said, “I shouldn’t complain of a broken leg when death should have been the price I paid for my idiocy.”  They shared an understanding laugh and then set to work splinting the leg.  Jace looked up hopefully and saw several individuals busy at the top of the gorge.  Once the leg was at least temporarily secure, the Warrior called up to his companions above and they cast down several ropes and a canvas sling.
He secured Jace in the stretcher and they began hoisting him aloft, his rescuer climbing slowly alongside, doing his best not to let the unwieldy contraption and its injured occupant swing into the cliff face any more than necessary.  At last, after a rather harrowing climb, both were safely on the ground, well away from the ravine.  Jace lay helplessly on his back, still restrained in the sling, until someone released him.  He heard the sound of approaching feet and someone knelt beside him, though the individual did not seem intent on loosing him.
He heard a morose Jay snap, “Jace, you’re an idiot!”
Jace could not help but smile, laugh ruefully, and fully agree, “you are right, and I should be a dead idiot at that.”
He heard a gasp of astonishment and then Jay was leaning over him, shock plain on his face; Jace’s rueful smile deepened as he realized his friend thought he must be gravely wounded, if not dead.  He smiled recklessly back at his astonished friend, who finally managed a wan smile, still too shocked to speak.  Finally his rescuer approached to release him from the sling and then helped him awkwardly to his feet, though he put no weight on his bad leg and was forced to lean heavily on the man’s shoulders.  He counted three of the Brethren atop the gorge, besides for his companion.
He smiled gratefully at his friend, asked he, “who did you tell and what did you tell them?”
Jay flung himself at Jace and for a long moment they were lost in a relieved hug, then said he, “I told only the guards at the city gates what was amiss and they accompanied me out here, no one at the keep yet knows.  I figured the Oathtaking was still going on and there was no reason to ruin that, especially if there was nothing to be done.”  He frowned, “how is it you survived?  What I saw from up here was bad enough.”
The Warrior supporting the invalid frowned and nodded, “I would like to know myself, when I got to the bottom, you were barely breathing and unresponsive, your body was shattered!  And to come away with naught but a broken leg?  It is a miracle!”
Jace smiled wryly, “miracle indeed, but I’d rather tell the tale when everyone who needs or wants to know can hear, so I don’t have to tell it fifty times, but let us just say the Master had mercy, far more than I deserved!”
Jay frowned, “the Master?  You?  I don’t believe it!”
Jace grinned, “I don’t believe it myself, but it is still true.”  
He shivered and his companions suddenly remembered he was injured and had had a rather trying day.  They wrapped him up in several cloaks, secured him in the back of a pony cart with Jay beside him, and headed back to Astoria, a far more cheerful party than that which had come to fish his broken body out of the bottom of the gorge.  Even though Jay had told no one, someone must have overheard, for by the time they reached the castle, the courtyard was crowded with anxious faces, including the Lady herself; Jace’s heart sank with grief as he realized the heartache his foolishness had cost so many others, it wasn’t only himself that had suffered.  He smiled ruefully and offered up a grateful prayer, for the tragedy should have been far worse.  The crowd parted, allowing the cart and its escort to enter the courtyard, with many sighs of relief when they saw the boy alive and well.  They did not know exactly what had befallen the boy, but rumor had made the tale grim indeed.
Juliene and Brie and Ella hurried to Jace’s side as the cart lurched to a stop while Adan smiled joyously from the opposite side, it seemed even tragedy could not bring Briane to forgive Adan, at least not today.  Then the entire company crowded around the boy, everyone trying to be heard over everyone else, wishing him well, asking questions, and giving their own take on the matter.  
At least the Brethren had tact enough to give him some time and space, the Warrior who had fetched the lad out of the chasm went directly to the Lady and told all he knew.  She nodded thoughtfully and then spoke for all to hear, her voice carrying easily over the chaos, “the lad took a grievous fall, but aside from a broken leg, he is in good health and will make a full recovery.  Let us give him some space, see to his comfort, and let him tell the tale when he is ready.”
Jace gave her a grateful smile as the entire mass withdrew suddenly, like a hand that has touched a hot surface, though his closest friends and family followed closely as two burly Warriors helped him into the Keep.  They settled him on a sofa at the back of an empty classroom with a merry fire dancing on the hearth.  It was a pleasant chamber, and happily so, for it would be his home until his leg healed.  Instead of going from class to class, he would have to allow the classes to come to him, taking in whatever was taught during his residence therein.  The Lady followed after, shooing out any well-wishers and the curious who were not closest to him.  She studied him for a moment, seemed to read his very soul, and then asked, “are you ready to tell the tale lad, or would you like to rest first?”
The boy said contritely, “I must speak at once Lady, if not for my own sake then for yours, for I know I have tried many hearts grievously this day and for nothing more than my own foolishness.”  He looked into the eyes of his mother, sister, and dearest friends, and then momentarily returned his gaze to the Lady of Astoria before bowing his head, said he at last, “I was a fool today and should have paid for it with my life.”  He looked up and smiled sadly, tears glistening unshed in his eyes, “but the Master is merciful.”  He amusedly noted their astonishment but continued, “I was furious with the Master in particular and the world in general.  It wasn’t fair, it wasn’t right, and I felt I needed to do something or burst.
We rode out, Jay little knowing what I intended but accompanying me for friendship’s sake, and I pressed hard for a certain ravine we once explored together.  I had something to prove, or so I thought, but in the end I just showed how utterly helpless I truly am, in and of myself.”  He glanced down at his hands in his lap, as the shame overwhelmed him anew, but remembering it was forgiven and forgotten, he pressed on, knowing he must also forgive himself, “I tried to goad my friend into a sparring match atop a great log that spanned the chasm, but he sensibly refused me.  Only then did I realize my arrogance and stupidity in the first place and the precariousness of my own position, for the log was slick with ice and the gorge gaped hungrily beneath me.  Trying to get off, I slipped and fell, and knew nothing more.”
He turned curious eyes to both Jay and the Warrior who had rescued him, urging them to add their own part to the tale.  Jay began, emotion causing his voice to quaver, “he fell.  I couldn’t climb down to help him, all I saw was him lying bent and broken far below.  So I rode back to the city, told the first of the Brethren I saw, and they orchestrated the rest.”
Kent, the Warrior, took up the tale, “we all know of that particular ravine, I think every lad in Astoria must explore it at some time or another, and I knew full well that any accident in association with it could not end well.  No man can fall that far and live.  So we quickly gathered what we needed and set out in all haste with heavy hearts, knowing we only went to retrieve a body.”  He shook his head in wonder and smiled joyously, “but that is not what we accomplished.  I climbed down, finding the boy broken as I had feared, but he was still alive, if barely.  I can’t explain it.  One minute all hope was lost, the next he was awake and trying to sit up of his own accord.  It was the strangest and most wonderful thing I have ever witnessed in many a year in this service.”  He looked to Jace, who alone could finish the tale.
The words caught in his throat, what was he to say of his vision, his shame, his redemption?  Perhaps he could tell a small part in a quiet conversation one day, but to tell it in full to so many was impossible, at least at the moment.  Overwrought, he said quietly, “the rest I have not the heart, nay the words, to tell.  Perhaps one day you will hear some of it, but I cannot yet wrap my mind around it, let alone divulge it to the world.  Let me just say that while I lingered on the brink of death, the Master came to me in a vision and utterly changed everything, least of all my injuries.”  The Brethren present, including the Lady and Adan, smiled knowingly, while the others stared at him as if he were a complete stranger.  He smiled ruefully but could say no more.
The Lady broke in, “we shall adjourn to the evening meal and share some of the story with those waiting impatiently to hear it.  I shall send someone with a plate of food for you Jace, and then you should probably rest.”
He nodded but asked, “might I be allowed to speak alone with my friends and family this night?  I won’t be able to sleep else.”
She smiled shrewdly at him, but said, “I suppose it must be allowed, but keep it short, for you need to sleep.”  
He grinned gratefully at her, as all withdrew, except Adan.  They studied one another for a moment, each smiling like a maniac, before Jace said, “you were right all along, I just wouldn’t see it.  I was so content and proud in my accomplishments and position in life that I would not see that I was nothing, in and of myself.”
Adan smiled warmly, “I am glad you are no longer blind, my friend.”  He glanced ruefully towards the door, “you do know that this change of heart may well result in social suicide on your part.”
Jace laughed, “what is mortal glory compared to that of our Master?”
Adan shook his head in wonder, “you really have changed!”
Jace sobered, “Brie still hasn’t forgiven you?”
Adan shook his head sadly, “and I doubt she ever will, unless she changes as utterly as you.  Our entire circle was splintering ere I took the Oath, but afterwards, and with this, the whole thing might well fall to pieces.”
Jace nodded sadly, “my thoughts exactly, but there is nothing to be done but to let our friends think us mad or fools and allow them to distance themselves if they feel they must.”  He looked up, hope strong in his eyes, “we must love them regardless, and hope one day they come to understand.”
Adan smiled warmly, squeezed his friend’s shoulder in farewell, and withdrew quietly from the room, for he had glimpsed Briane peeking furtively in at the far door, a plate of food in her hands.  Jace followed his gaze and nodded at his sister.  She cautiously surveyed the room anew, only taking a step towards her brother when she was certain Adan had left through the other door.  She handed Jace the plate, though with the expression on her face, he was surprised she didn’t fling it at him.
Underneath everything, he could see that she was secretly relieved, but there was such a chaos of fury, confusion, and astonishment writhing across her countenance that he was amazed she dared appear at all.  He sighed heavily, knowing that she must feel as if she had lost both her beloved and her brother this day, when she had expected only the former; that Jace was alive and relatively well, mattered little, with his sudden change of heart, which could only be viewed as a betrayal of the worst sort, to her, perhaps, his death might truly have been less painful.
At last she growled, “what has gotten into you?  You can’t take this so-called vision seriously, after all, you had a rather nasty blow to the head!  Let things settle down a bit, sort out your thoughts, and then carefully consider the matter.  Is this your way of getting Adan back?  Would you fling aside everyone else for his sake?”
Jace frowned, “I did not realize I had to fling anyone aside, least of all you.  I understand how you feel, I felt that way just this morning, it was what drove me to such an idiotic feat, but I was wrong.”
She stared at him as if he had sprouted another eye, so rare was it that he admitted he was mistaken!  She scowled at him, “that’s it then?  You are just going to go on with life as if it were the most natural thing in the world?”
Jace grinned, “what else is to be done?  The world won’t stop turning for my sake.  And yes, I thought I’d go on living, save with a radical change of heart.  I was utterly and completely wrong; it was no concussion induced hallucination, but rather more real than waking life!”  He looked at her soberly, “and how do you explain the miraculous healing?”
She frowned at him, “what healing?  Your leg is broken.”
He shook his head, “I had broken nearly every bone in my body; that Warrior did not exaggerate, I was upon the brink of death, but something happened, something amazing to spare me that fate.”  He smiled ruefully, “the leg was left as a reminder.”
She sniffed skeptically, “a reminder of what?”
He said quietly, “my own frailty and helplessness.  That all I am is due to Someone else, it has nothing to do with my own innate wonderfulness.”
Said she in quiet dread, “and what now?”
He shook his head, but smiled eagerly, “I don’t know, but I have an idea.”  He turned plaintive eyes upon her, “would you really disown me for believing as I do?”
She studied him for a long moment then sighed, “of course not, I’m just furious at Adan right now and his Master by default.  He jilted me for the Brethren!  How is a woman supposed to live with that?  You turning to his side of things is just icing on the cake.”
Jace said quietly, “he was intent on this course ere you ever took an interest in him.  Is it his fault that you developed feelings for a man who could never be yours?  He hurts just as much as you do, if not more, your treatment of him has been abhorrent.  He loves you deeply, even if it can never be as a man ought to love a woman.”
She stared at him in wonder, as if a fourth eye had joined that newly emerged third one, said she cautiously, “perhaps you are right.  I have been so engrossed by my own hurt of late I have been blind to all else.  We are still friends, no matter what else happens but I have forgotten that.”  
Then she frowned accusingly and Jace smiled in sheepish guilt, admitting, “I have tried to distance myself from him as well, for similar reasons, perhaps afraid that his ‘nonsense’ might rub off on me.”  He laughed ironically, “and so it has.”
She smiled at him, confusion and annoyance still sparkling in her eyes, but it seemed she was beginning to come to terms with all that had happened of late.  Said she in farewell, “I am glad to have you back Jace.”  She vanished out the far door as Ella came in the other.
She looked at him with eyes fit to break his heart, but he knew as a heavy feeling settled into his soul that he would be the one breaking hers.  Said she without preamble, “do you really believe all that?”
He looked her somberly in the eye and said, “I do, I was a fool not to see it before, but I will be a fool no longer.”
She nodded once, turned away briefly as she schooled her face to neutrality, and said in a far too businesslike manner, “so what of us?  Would you give up your education, your dreams, your future, power, influence, wealth, and me, all for the sake of a hallucination secondary to a blow to the head?”
He smiled at her sadly, “they were exciting dreams Ella, but only dreams.”
Her face grew stony and her eyes sparkled like ice, said she with all the chill of midwinter, “you could have been a Prince, an esteemed advisor to my father the King!  You could be still.”
Jace shook his head, “nay my lady, it can never be so, neither between us or with any woman.  I know, somehow, that I shall never marry; it is no longer even a consideration.”
Her eyes widened, “what then will you do?”
He shook his head, eyes pleading for understanding, “I know not, but romance is not in my future.  I hope we can still be friends, you are very dear to me, but I cannot be more to you now than a friend or brother.”
Had she been the girl she was when she arrived in Astoria, she would have shrilled imprecations and insults at him, in a most dignified manner of course, and then would have scorned him publicly every chance she got while finding any number of irksome ways to revenge herself upon him, but she was no longer the same girl.  She had matured, deepened, and awoken to the fact that she was no longer the most important and only person in the universe.  The coldness remained, but lessened significantly, as she nodded dully and said, “I understand.”  She smiled weakly, “you know, that is the worst excuse a man can give a woman, but I know you are fully sincere.”  Her grin grew wicked, “else it might have cost you your life.”
He raised his hands and feigned terror, “I cry mercy, lady!”
She smiled warmly at him and said, “very well, sir, as you have already danced with death once this day, I shall go easy upon you.”  Then she frowned thoughtfully, “how is it you can come back so radically changed?  To now believe all you once thought ridiculous?”
His smile was rueful in remembrance, said he, “I was so dreadfully wrong it must come as a shock when I repent of my blindness and willful ignorance.  Adan has always been open about what he believes and we just accepted it as part of who he is; it is as if I renounced some part of myself and came back to you a different man entirely, or rather that I was suppressing the man I could have been by ignoring that which would imperil my reputation and pride.”  He shivered, “reputation and pride are of no comfort when all is said and done.  They are but a paper shield against a raging fire, and in the eyes of eternity, will last just as long.  It is not who you are but Whose, that makes all the difference.”
She smiled at him fondly, tousled his hair, and said in parting, “they have made you a veritable philosopher already.”  She sighed heavily as she turned to go, “it was a wonderful dream Jace, while it lasted.”
His mother replaced Ella at his bedside, said she with a heartfelt smile as she squeezed his hand, “I am glad to have you still, my son.”
He gazed up at her, joy gleaming in his eyes, he said softly, “to have found you in the first place was a miracle, but this, this is too much!”
She looked down at him, but her thoughts were somewhere far away, perhaps in the happier days of her girlhood before her journey through the valley of sorrow, said she with a sigh, a slight smile of remembrance on her face, “I once believed, you know.”  He blinked in surprise, in fact he did not, his astonishment deepened her smile, which had grown sad, continued she, “I even brought an exquisite illuminated copy of the Truth with me when I married, the last of my family’s treasures.  I don’t know what happened to it though, when I fled; I left it in its alcove in the library.”
Jace frowned, “there’s no alcove in the library.”
She nodded, her face becoming grim, “he must have had it bricked in, to remove all memory of me.”  She laughed bitterly, “he probably left the book where it lay and covered it over; it would be like him.”  She sighed and looked again at her son, her smile growing warm again, “but then, my greatest treasure is something far different than I thought it was in those days.  And to come so close to losing it, twice over now, yet to have it restored, as you say, is miracle indeed.  Perhaps I should look closer at those words I once held so dear.”  The sadness returned, “but after everything, how could I believe in love or hope any longer?  In such a cruel world, how could there be aught of good?”
They held one another closely for a few minutes, watching the dancing flames, lost in their own thoughts.  At last she said, “but there is love and hope and light and good above and beyond all things.  You, my dear, are proof enough of that.  Yes, I have struggled and sorrowed, but so too has the Maker of all things, if the stories be true.  Who better to understand my own heartache?  Yes child, I will look again into those things I once held dear, and perhaps this time my faith will not be so fickle and vain a thing.”  She kissed him lightly on the forehead and withdrew as the Lady of Astoria herself entered.
She smiled amusedly as the boy flinched and instinctively tried to rise, broken leg forgotten in his distress.  She motioned for him to remain where he was, as she settled into an adjacent chair, studying him with those far too intent, knowing eyes.  Said she at last, “I shall be the last of your callers this night; you must rest.”  He nodded and she continued, “it has been quite a day for you no doubt, and the days that follow will be full of questions, doubts, and fears with which you must wrestle, but we are called to seek answers to those things that trouble us rather than to sit idly and pretend our faith is perfect and never falters, for that will soon kill it, whereas wrestling with various challenges will keep it sharp and strong, though never perfect, at least this side of eternity, nor will you find all the answers you seek, for there are some things we simply do not know or cannot yet understand.”
He stared at her, aghast, never thinking to hear such words from the Lady of Astoria herself, but in his heart he knew them true and far from heretical.  He had always assumed faith meant believing something without question or qualm, rather it meant believing something without a full understanding, yet trusting that one day full revelation would come, and in the meantime seeking answers as best you could while still trusting the One by Whom revelation would come.
She let him process this startling revelation for a moment and then continued, “you have many gifts and talents child, as we discussed previously, and the Master will use them for His own purposes, if you will let Him, but it does not come without a cost.  What that will be, none can yet say, but to you much has been given and thus much will be required.  Are you sure you want to go through with this?”  He nodded, eyes wide but determination burning keenly therein.  She smiled at his zealousness and continued, “very well, I will tell you what little I know; for more we must wait for time to reveal what it will.  You will be confined to this room until your leg heals, probably for several months.  After that, you may resume your usual course of study, should you wish it.  While you are thus confined, you will attend the classes given by whomever happens to be teaching in this room that particular day.
Your friends and family may certainly visit you, but there will be much time in which you are alone.  I would recommend,” she smiled wryly at this, knowing her suggestions were as good as commands to most of those residing in Astoria, “that during your temporary seclusion, you begin a thorough study of the Truth, supplemented with various readings that your teachers will recommend.  Initiating a routine of prayer, meditation, and fasting might also prove beneficial.”
He nodded thoughtfully, but a slight frown creased his brow, said he, “Lady, is this a common practice amongst your new initiates?”
She steadily met his gaze and said solemnly, “it is encouraged certainly, but in your case, I find myself advising it highly.  I cannot order you to do it, for it is of no use unless undertaken with a willing heart, but something tells me it is vital for whatever is to come.”  Here she paused, as if what next she must impart troubled her deeply, at last she said quietly, “I do not know where your heart lies in regards to the Brethren.  It has been far too exciting of a day for you to have given it any serious thought, I am sure, but there is something else you must know.  This day you have surrendered yourself to the Master, heart and soul, but should you seek to take your Oath, I must, at least at present, deny you.”
These words momentarily stunned him, for he thought the Brethren would accept anyone of a willing heart, but something deep within his heart of hearts echoed her words as truth, in the same way he knew he would never marry, so too did he know that her words sprang from something deeper than any mistakes or shortcomings on his part, thus was his vanity spared, not that much remained of it after his interview with the Master.  Said he at long last, “I understand.”  He smiled wryly, “a day ago I would have never dreamed of asking it, and yet now I cannot fathom why such is denied me when all comers are usually accepted.”
She smiled at him, a strange excitement barely perceptible in her eyes, said she, “I have my ideas, but you must be patient.  Get some sleep,” she paused, her smile knowing indeed, “if you can.”  She vanished from the room, leaving Jace to mull over her peculiar words long into the night, wondering what the future held.


8

The following day, Jace discovered exactly what it was his peculiar adventure had earned him, at least academically.  The room was used primarily for the advanced students of theology, philosophy, and the related arts, most of whom were or would one day become Apprentices of the Brethren.  He was heartened to find Adan in several of his classes, an occurrence which had become rare of late, as their interests and future intentions had sharply diverged and thus, so did their classes.  They worked together on several projects, discussed what it was they had learned that day over their meals, and exchanged books and notes that they found interesting or helpful.  And strangely, Jace had never been more eager or interested in his studies before, though he had previously been an exemplary student; now he found himself ravenous for anything and everything he could learn from his teachers, friends, or books.  Happily did he undertake the Lady’s suggestions and found himself quite content therein.
But the strangest occurrence of the day was a newly sworn Apprentice, called Hawk, lingering in the room after the last class session before lunch.  While Adan went off to fetch food for the both of them, the other Apprentice stood awkwardly off to one side, as if unsure how to approach his onetime rival.  Jace caught his eye and smiled openly, which did much to relax the apprehensive Hawk, who then approached with a sheepish smile.
Said he, glancing about to ensure they were alone, “I know we have not always seen eye to eye.”
Jace grinned ironically at this understatement, for the boy was the veritable leader of the cohort of Students that had either ignored or abhorred him.  Jace had never openly opposed them, but they disdained having anything to do with him, one way or another, and he happily returned the favor.  He nodded encouragingly, while the Apprentice studied his boots for a moment before continuing.
Said he, “yesterday everything changed, not just with my taking the Oath or your seeming change of heart, but rather, when we thought you severely injured, or worse, it all just melted away, for all of us, the jealousy, the impotent frustration, everything.  We knew ourselves in the wrong, wretchedly so, and to think we might never have a chance to tell you!  It was awful.”
Jace nodded, “I understand, after seeing what my own recklessness had cost my friends and family, I can certainly imagine how you felt.”
Heartened, Hawk continued, “you never boasted or treated others with disdain or scorn, thus you might have earned our contempt, but rather we were mostly jealous, our own vanity was injured by your success, and we held you responsible for our feelings of inferiority, though it was no fault of yours.  I come on behalf of all who once opposed you, can you forgive us?”
Jace smiled broadly, “with all my heart.”  His smile became wry, “I can relate, for only yesterday did I fully feel my own inferiority and helplessness, naked before the Master.”
Hawk shivered, “I am glad we need only be humbled before a fellow man!”
Jace asked teasingly, “so, was this contrition also brought on by your new status as one of the Brethren?”
Hawk smiled heartily, “I suppose it is befitting of one of the Brethren to do so,” he paused and his smile turned sheepish, “but no, I cannot say it was brought about by any sudden maturity on my part.”
They chatted affably for a few more minutes, until Adan returned with their food, at which point Hawk bowed in farewell and went in search of his own midday meal.  Adan was astonished at the reason for the other Apprentice’s visit and said as much to Jace, “I think your previous social achievements are about to be turned on their head.  Those who once looked at you askance will now call you friend, while those that once looked up to you will soon forget why,” he grinned impishly, “fanatic that you are.”  He narrowed his eyes, “have you thought of making it official?”
Jace sighed heavily, wondering how to broach the subject to his dearest friend, having no certain answers himself, said he, “I toyed with the idea on the ride back to the keep, but afterwards it was made clear to me that it could not be so, at least not yet.”
Adan frowned, “could not or would not?”
Jace grinned sheepishly, “it is not recalcitrance on my part this time, the Lady herself said she must deny me should I ask it and somehow I know she is right.”  He averted his eyes, “the same way I know I cannot ever marry.”
Adan whistled in astonishment, knowing the Lady denied no one with a willing heart, ever, and also at Jace’s sudden discloser of Ella’s predicament, for since her interview with Jace she had been as distant as Briane of late, though Brie had sought him out over breakfast and apologized for her behavior, hoping they could still be friends.  Now it was Ella who would be sulking over thwarted love!  Sometimes he found women more baffling than the most puzzling stanza of the Truth.  But then he had seen Ella making eyes at several of the nobly born Students as he assembled their lunch tray, perhaps she was not near so heartsick as Briane thought herself.  He mentioned as much to Jace.
Jace said with a knowing smile, “she was fond of me, of that I am sure, but was far more in love with her dream; we shall remain friends, though perhaps more indifferent than not, but neither of us was really ‘in love,’ at least as the poets put it.  It would have been a good match, a pleasant life, but hardly food for the bards.”  He evenly met Adan’s gaze and smiled sadly, “nothing like what you and Brie share.”
Adan mirrored his smile, saying, “at least we have come to an understanding, something she could not or would not do previously.  It is a sore loss, but worse still would have been my betraying my calling.”  He grinned mischievously, “and who is to say all hope is lost?  I thought without a doubt that she would change her mind long before you changed yours.”
Jace laughed, “it took a miracle for me to see the light, my friend, but then that is Whom we serve, and in Him, hope springs eternal.”

His friends all joined him for the evening meal, all except Ella that is, she was off a-courting in earnest, though she had stopped in briefly to give her excuses, at which all exchanged an amused, knowing look, which vexed her but she had her duties as much as they theirs, thus did she console herself.  There was still some awkwardness between Brie and Adan, their banter seemed forced and their conversation centered inanely around the weather, but superficially things were back to normal, but Jace well knew that things could never be as they once had been.  They were still friends, would always be friends, but the most important thing in the world, and beyond it, gaped like a bottomless chasm between them with he and Adan on one side and the others still on the far side.  The things that had once been important to Jace no longer mattered while his new preferences for conversational topics bored silly everyone but Adan, while the rather insipid gossip of happenings within the student population, which he once counted as the highlight of his day, no longer held any interest for him.
He exchanged a questioning gaze with Adan, who only shook his head and smiled, long used to that which Jace was only beginning to discover.  His world had indeed turned on its head.  At last Brie pled weariness and withdrew, while Adan disappeared towards the library in search of certain books he had promised to find for Jace, leaving only Jay alone with Jace, a circumstance they both found strangely awkward, for he alone had not come the previous night.  He began to glance significantly at the door when he was not studying the carpet while shifting uneasily from one foot to the other.  At last he looked over Jace’s shoulder and said, “so that’s it then?  You’ve given up everything for them?”
Jace grinned in that irksome way peculiar to himself, “given up what for whom?”
Jay frowned, “you are throwing away all your potential to join the Brethren!”
Jace shook his head, “I am doing no such thing.”
Jay’s frown deepened, “not joining the Brethren or throwing your skills away?”
Jace’s grin became mischief itself, “neither, I have been gifted with much and the Master will use it as He deems best, but I do not foresee taking my Oath anytime soon either.”
Jay shook his head as if he was utterly confused, only deepening Jace’s smile, but at last he said, “why not?  I thought all you fanatics could not help but join up with such a merry crew?”
Jace shrugged, “I have no idea, but it is not to be.”
This only confused Jay the more but it seemed there was no getting a straight answer out of Jace, a trait which he thought, ironically, was quite befitting of one of the Brethren.  Said he, “are you really giving up your pursuit of Ella?”
Jace looked rather surprised, for Brie asserted that the girl was blatantly flirting with anyone in Astoria who was male, nobly born, and not sworn to the Brethren, but he said, “she would make an uneasy peddler’s wife.”
Jay took offense, “who is to say I don’t aspire to be more myself?”
Jace grinned, much like his old self, somewhat disarming his vexed companion, “as of yesterday that had been your intention.”
Jay said loftily, but with a hint of a smile, “perhaps, but as you have demonstrated, much can change in a day.”
Jace smiled openly, “then I wish you well with all my heart, if only you can charm your way past her determination to win a man nobly born.”
Jay sighed, “there is that I suppose, but it is far less a hindrance than you.”
Jace laughed uneasily, “I was a hindrance then?”
Jay smiled ruefully, “I didn’t mean it that way, and you know it!  You were my friend and I wouldn’t dare interfere with a lady who was certainly yours.”
Jace sobered, “why are you speaking of our friendship in the past tense?”
Jay studied the carpet anew, saying tenuously without meeting Jace’s gaze, “what I saw yesterday was really awful, terrible even.  It disturbed me in ways I do not yet understand.”
Jace frowned, “the near death of a friend or something else?”
Jay met his gaze, hesitantly and certainly embarrassed, but at least he looked Jace in the eye, “thinking you dead was bad enough, but to see you alive and whole, and well...so different is even worse.  Just being around you is unsettling; I can’t do it anymore.”
Jace smiled sadly in understanding, having felt the same around Adan, if only minutely, but he knew what Jay was saying: he felt something pulling at his heart, something deep calling out to the deeps of his soul.  And he was terrified of answering that call, of abandoning all he was and had and might be to become something he could not yet understand.  It took Jace literally losing everything to even listen to that call, and when he did, he had to admit how utterly wretched and lost he truly was, and that the only hope lay outside himself, but in that moment he had also discovered that what he had previously admired and loved so much, was in truth a rather fickle and silly thing, for here was true Meaning and Purpose, Grace and Love.  He had given up nothing and was heir to Everything.
Jace nodded, saying with all his heart, “I understand Jay, truly I do.”  He smiled in spite of himself, “and believe it or not, I know exactly what you are going through.  But you cannot run from Him, for He will pursue.  You can ignore, refuse, and delay, but you can neither hide nor avoid Him.  I wish you well in whatever it is you intend, but know I shall always be your friend, even if you cannot continue to be mine.”
Jay smiled sadly, “this is the hardest thing I’ve ever done, you are the best friend I’ve ever had, but I can’t be around you anymore.  Perhaps one day your words will prove true, but not today or anytime soon, if I have any say in the matter.  Until that day, fare you well!”  With that, he turned quickly and fled the room.  Jace watched him go with a heavy heart, but a strangely content and slightly amused smile on his face, whatever betide, he knew the foe from Whom Jay fled with all his might and he also knew how implacable was that ‘Enemy.’  The boy might flee to the ends of the earth, but He would be awaiting him there.
Adan soon returned, a stack of books in hand, smiling knowingly at his friend, he set down his burden within easy reach of the invalid and said, “so now Jay is the one running away?”
Jace smiled wanly, “with all his being.”
Adan nodded, “you weren’t quite such a coward, at least until the very end.”
Jace studied his hands, “I am sorry for that, distancing myself from you as the Oathtaking approached.”
Adan squeezed his shoulder and grinned, “I know, I never took it personally, I know how it both draws and repels, and you being who you are, could not help but take a fright and try to get away.”  He laughed, “and see where it landed you.”
Jace looked up, smiling, “exactly where I would have been had I agreed from the start, save the broken leg.”  His smile became sad, “it seems now you are my only friend.”
Adan shook his head, “there are far more that care for you than you think, remember everyone waiting anxiously after your fall?  People just need time to adjust to sudden changes.  You’ll find friends you never knew you had and your old ones just need time to get used to the idea.”  He smiled, “or deal with their own issues first.  Every Apprentice goes through the exact same adjustment after their Oath; it is just another life stage, a beginning of one thing and an ending of another: awkward, terrifying, and exciting all at once.”
Jace leaned back on the sofa, smiling slightly, remembering Hawk’s unanticipated words.  Adan was right; he would get through this and be a better man for it.  He sat up and took up the books Adan had lain down.  He glanced through the titles, recognizing most of them as recommended reading by either Adan, the Lady, or their various instructors, but there were two books he did not recognize.
Adan saw his frown of consternation and commented, “those two are a puzzle to me as well.  One of the servants met me in the hall on my way back and said you had best look through them, though I can’t imagine how reading a two volume exposition on advanced mathematical theorems is to prove useful, unless you are having trouble going to sleep that is.”
Jace looked up in astonishment, for the books appeared to have nothing whatsoever to do with arithmetic but rather were a two volume set of stories and legends titled, ‘The Shadow of the Unicorn,’ but Adan was plainly looking at the cover and still thought it a mathematical text?  He thought about saying something, but again, that unshakable certainty stirred within his soul and bid him be silent.  He laid the books aside and their conversation turned to other topics until it was time for bed.  Adan bid him goodnight, and once he was gone, Jace drew out the puzzling books and began to read.

Jace did not sleep that night, for the stories themselves riveted him to the page until he had finished them in their entirety, but they also stirred such unsettling and exciting thoughts in his mind and soul that sleep would have been impossible anyway.  He would have to read the books again to glean more detail, but from what he had perused, the future would be interesting indeed, if it were true.  The disparity in his perception of the texts and that of Adan was also troubling him, he could easily believe that it was magic, but the Brethren were the antithesis of the magicians and sorcerers the old housekeeper believed them to be.  So what exactly was going on?  A throat cleared and he looked up from his study of the befuddling books to see a servant standing at the door, the same who had escorted him into the castle upon his arrival in Astoria.
Said the man without preamble, once he had the lad’s attention, “you look like you’ve had a rough night lad.”  He smiled in amusement, “up all night reading when you ought to be sleeping?”
The boy blinked at him blankly, who was this man?  The servants technically outranked the Students in Astoria and often sent them on errands or set them extra tasks if they felt you were wasting time or fooling around, though friendly and ever happy to answer a question, they did not typically fraternize with the Students.  The man’s smile deepened with the boy’s confusion and he continued, “you’ll understand soon enough lad, the Truth has a way of asserting itself when it will.  Don’t worry over the strangeness of those books, it will make sense eventually, but know full well that the tales are true and your own story may well be tangled up in them.”  Jace opened his mouth to speak but the man was gone.  He frowned the more, put the books away, and tried to smile casually at his sister when she brought him his breakfast tray, more confused than ever.  
He learned very little in his morning classes as his mind was busy mulling over the puzzle, and by the time Adan sat beside him as they devoured their midday meal, the shock and befuddlement had begun to wear off and his mind churned eagerly with what lay between the covers of the two mysterious volumes.  Could it really pertain to himself?  What was his part in those strange and wonderful tales?  
So inward focused was he that at last Adan commented, “you are certainly quiet today.”  He grinned, “are those math books giving you something fascinating to think about?”  Jace shook himself back to reality, smiled good-naturedly at his friend, and tried to think of something else to talk about.
The days eventually settled into a rhythm all their own for Jace with classes during the day, various friends and family visiting him in the early evening, and then a few hours dedicated to study, meditation, and prayer before bed.  He smiled in spite of himself, thinking he could not have found a better way to attend to the requisite reflection and study necessary to his new life, or what would be his new life once his leg healed, had he hied himself into the lonely hills for a sixth month sabbatical at some forgotten hermitage.  He had many questions to answer, personal and emotional issues to deal with, and much to learn, and he did so with a will, for it seemed nothing else would slake his now ravenous thirst for such wisdom.  Even his social life began to sort itself out, removed as he was from the general population of Astoria, he did not have to witness the death of his once adored public persona, rather other Students rose up to take his place of prominence and strangely, he did not mind, rather he grew closer to some, including Hawk and some of his cohort, with whom he had hardly interacted before while those who had once adored him were all but absent.
He was now something of an outcast and a pariah among the Students in general, having once danced confidently at the peak of social enterprise only to cast it all aside to molder in anonymity among the Brethren and their initiates, yet failing even to properly join ranks with them.  They turned their attention and worship elsewhere while Jace dug himself ever deeper into the legends and stories that now consumed him.  He found much to discuss with the various Apprentices that kept him company, but he sorely felt the strain with his sister, having so little now in common, for she chatted blithely about the latest social intrigue within the castle but cared nothing for philosophy; Ella and Jay had long since ceased to even visit, busy with their own pursuits.  But at last the day came when the doctor said he might try the leg, and after two months of inactivity, it was a momentous occasion, though his muscles and physical strength had atrophied with his enforced inactivity, the leg held and he was allowed to hobble about on crutches until he was strong enough to walk on his own.
He returned to the general student population with hardly a ripple when once his mere entrance into the dining hall caused a tidal wave of interest, but aside for the varied greetings and well wishes on his recovery, thereafter he was roundly ignored, save for those closest to him.  He smiled ruefully, but bore it well, having come to peace with the idea over the last couple months.  Each day he pushed himself a little harder, trying to regain the strength and skills his recovery had sapped, but it was still early autumn before he could comfortably sit a horse, endure a sparring match, or even dash across the courtyard, but in the end most of his strength and skill returned, though he still had a slight limp and feared it might be so for the rest of his life.
As his physical self improved daily and his mind continued to grow and expand with his grueling course of study, he was rather content in his progress, but at last the day came when his physical recovery began to plateau and he wondered what next to do with himself.  He would have taken his Oath that moment were it an option, but alas it was forbidden him.  He began to grow restless, questioning his very purpose and direction; he had spent months recovering and preparing himself, but for what?  Was he ever to be just a pupil with no place among either the Students or the Apprentices?


9

“It is time Lady,” said the servant as he stood boldly before his mistress, “the lad has fully recovered physically and emotionally, and he begins to grow restless in this continuing limbo.  He must be allowed to make his decision.”
She intently studied the man before her, little knowing how to answer him, for she knew almost nothing of that which he asked.  A collection of old stories, a few hints hidden in the writings of her predecessors, and the little he had told her upon her assumption of this position were all she knew of what he asked.  She hated to lose the most promising Student to come to Astoria in the last century, but there was no doubt this lad’s life was tangled up in far greater things; she had no choice.  She nodded solemnly and said, “do as you must, for I know little enough of the matter.  My servants are yours to command and the Keep is at your disposal.”  He bowed deeply and excused himself from her presence; she smiled wryly at his retreating back, for it seemed there were things to which even the Lady of Astoria was not privy.

Jace was just shutting the door of the room he now shared with Adan, Jay having been assigned a new roommate in his absence, when a Warrior suddenly loomed over him.  The boy blanched in surprise but hastily offered the requisite courtesies before trying to dart past the man, lest he be late for class, but the man put a steadying hand on his shoulder and said, “easy lad, you will be coming with me.”  The boy paled again, had he done something wrong?  The man smiled, “you are not in trouble, at least that I am aware of, though my orders are certainly strange, but obey them we must.  Put your things away and accompany me to the dungeons.”
Jace frowned in consternation, the dungeon?!  But he immediately obeyed, following in the Warrior’s wake, resigned to his fate like one condemned to the gallows, his mind reeling with terror and excitement.  They came silently to the door leading down to the dungeons to find the strange servant awaiting them.  He said to the Warrior, “make sure no one is lurking about down there and then return to me to ward the door.  No one is to go in or out for three days.”  Jace did not like the sound of this at all.  His mind raced, trying to determine what he had done to deserve three days in the dungeons.
Once the man had vanished down the stairs and the door was firmly shut behind him, the servant turned to Jace and said, “fear not lad, you are not in trouble, rather you have an important decision to make and must do so undisturbed.  You will find a water jug, candles, a copy of the Truth, and a chair in one of the cells below.  Lock yourself in for a time of prayer, fasting, and meditation.  I cannot tell you what this is about, not yet, but that you will soon discover for yourself.”
The guard returned saying there was no one below.  The servant nodded, ordered the man to stand guard, and motioned for the boy to do as he had been bidden.  Jace exchanged a puzzled look with the guard but immediately descended and secured himself in the prepared cell, glancing about ruefully at his strange predicament, wondering what on earth was going on.  With a shrug, he knelt in the straw and began to pray.  An old barrel sat off to one side, Brie raised the lid slightly, glanced about, smiled eagerly, and then resumed her hiding place, determined to discover what it was the Lady and that odd servant intended for her confused brother.
There was no way to measure time in that place, and for Briane, the wait was interminable, and as the hours passed in excruciating slowness, she sorely wished that she had chosen a less cramped hiding place.  Jace had no idea what to expect, but soon lost himself in his prayers, becoming unaware of anything else around him.  The tales in those mysterious books echoed in the back of his mind while he tried to focus on the matter at hand.  Brie was convinced she had already been secreted in that barrel for three days, though it was closer to twelve hours, when she decided to have another peek and see if there was any sense in her brother allowing himself to be hidden away in this miserable basement for so long.  She lifted the lid to glance about, saw a brilliant flash of light, and then the entire barrel, girl and all, toppled over and there was nothing but darkness.
Jace was aware of nothing except the Light; he had once seen the Master in a vision upon the brink of death, but it was nothing like this.  Then He had been terrifying to an unrepentant mortal soul, but still in a form that was somewhat comprehensible to a mortal mind; this permutation was anything but fathomable to a mortal man, for no man could look upon Him and live.  There was nothing but Light: no dungeon, no Jace, no Astoria, no mortal world, no life, death, or time, just Light, radiant, blinding, glorious Light.  It unmade him in a moment, but it was also the Power that had made the worlds and therefore he need have no fear.  He knew he yet existed in some form or other, yet he did not care, for all his focus was completely on the Radiance before him and thus could he dwell quite contentedly for all eternity, yet there was something more to be done, something yet to be asked.
There were no words in that place and thought expressed itself in light, but somehow he knew, knew far better than he had ever known anything before, in whatever had come before This, for This was all he knew or wanted, but there was something he must yet do.  But would he?  Could he leave, go back, return to what was before?

Jared rounded the corner at a trot, so startling the man on guard outside the dungeon door that he instinctively reached for his sword but relaxed as he saw who his indecorous visitor was.  Said the servant with dread, “I must pass.”
The Warrior eyed him in surprise, saying, “but my orders are that none might enter or leave until a full three days have passed.”
Jared nodded impatiently, “and I must countermand them, at least in this instance, for something has gone awry.”
Sensing the truth in the man’s words, and secretly wondering how a mere servant could contradict orders supposedly given by the Lady herself, the man stepped aside to let the anxious Jared pass.  He hastened through the lower door and his heart caught in his throat, the empty cell where the boy should have been gave him no pause but the toppled barrel and prone girl were tragedy indeed, worse, since she was the boy’s sister.  Jared knelt beside her and smiled in relief to feel a pulse, but she lay unmoving and unresponsive to any stimulation.  He shook his head, scooped her up, and carried her up the stairs and out the door, past the flummoxed watchman.  
The guard said in astonishment, “what is this?”
Jared shook his head grimly, “there is a reason none are allowed below, save the one involved in the matter.  The girl is fortunate to be alive!  Only time will tell if and how much she will recover.”  He smiled in spite of himself, “she is an intrepid though sometimes foolish creature.  She minds me much of her brother.”
The guard nodded, “and the boy?”
Jared shook his head, “we must wait until the allotted time has passed to know for sure what will come of him.”  He nodded a farewell to the Warrior and turned to go when suddenly Juliene was beside him, her shriek of grief like a knife in his heart.
She burst out, “what has happened?  First my son and now this?!”
Jared said grimly, sympathy strong in his voice, “easy madam, your daughter lives but only time will tell what will come of both your children.  She hid herself in anticipation of watching things she was forbidden from seeing, and for very good reason, her intrepidness should have cost her her life, but she lives still.”
Juliene touched her daughter’s warm but slack hand, a tear trickling down one cheek, said she with a sad smile, “she was always one to find a way in where she was not supposed to be; poor, silly girl!  We had best see to her comfort.  Do you think she will waken?  What of my son?”
A wan, sympathetic smile graced his lips as he said, “aye madam, if she was not meant to waken and live, she would not have survived her foolishness.  Your son will emerge, or not, at the appointed time, until then we must be patient, for none can know his fate until then.”  She nodded glumly but led the way to where he might lay the girl, that she might recover as she would, for in her distress, Juliene must be busy else she would fall apart.  Briane lay quietly on her sickbed, unmoving and breathing easily, as one peacefully asleep but nothing would waken her.  The Lady herself came to see the distressed Juliene and her daughter, giving Jared a stern, wondering glance as she entered.  He shook his head sadly but there was nothing else to be done.
The hours passed slowly, the girl slept on unawares, and those awaiting the appointed time sorely felt each minute.  At last, Jared rose from his chair, saying, “it is time.  I will fetch the lad, if such can be done.”  The Lady and Juliene exchanged a pained look, to which Jared replied, “if he emerges, he will be several days in recovering, any amount of stress or excitement could have tragic results.  I will send word if all is well, but I advise that he not be told of his sister at the first nor that he have any visitors.”
Said the Lady, “I do not fully know what this is all about, but you will bring the boy to me first thing.”
He turned astonished eyes upon his mistress, but dared not defy the iron in her voice, bowing deeply he said, “as you wish it my Lady, but pray let there be no one else present save ourselves and mention nothing that will distress the lad.”  She nodded grimly, he bowed, and vanished from the room.
Juliene turned to the Lady, forgetting decorum in her angst, demanded she, “what is this about?  What is so important that it might well cost me both my children?  Why all the secrecy and dire consequences?”
The Lady put a gentle hand on the distraught lady’s shoulder and whispered, “I know little of the matter child, save that it is of the utmost importance, and I do not believe it shall deprive you of either child.  Patience, and we shall soon know more.  I will send word immediately as to how matters stand with your son.  Remain with Briane, I will go to meet our intrepid servant and your son.”  Juliene collapsed in a chair, her face in her hands, and for the first time in a very long time, she allowed herself to weep like a heartbroken child.  The Lady gave her a sad smile she never saw and silently left the room.

Jared returned to the door leading down to the dungeons, told the guard that none should descend until he had emerged, and eagerly hastened down the stairs in hopes of seeing something that had not happened in two hundred years.  He opened the lower door and an awful light filled the stairwell; he smiled for very joy, hastily entered, and closed the door behind him.  He took up a dark cloak that hung upon a hook near the door where he had placed it in preparation three days prior.  Taking the keys, he unlocked the cell from which the literally blinding light radiated, though it was growing less intense by the moment.  He opened the door to reveal the radiant form of a boy, prone upon the flagstones.  Quickly he knelt beside the unmoving Jace and draped the cloak about his shoulders.
It was cold, it was dark, it was hard, and he had never felt so stiff or uncomfortable, even after his fall into the gorge.  But then that had merely been a brush with death, this was something else entirely; he wasn’t even sure what it was, but he had never been so disoriented or befuddled.  He felt a presence beside him and something dark and heavy fell across his back.  He blinked awake and forced himself to sit up, a process which required far too much assistance from the unknown other, who said in a jovial but quiet voice, “easy lad.  Concentrate, that’s it, I know it is hard to come back, but you can do it.”  
They sat for some moments as the boy collected what he could of his bearings, still completely puzzled by his sudden transition from one reality to another and then back again.  He looked at the other, stared blankly for a moment, then frowned in consternation, croaked he, “I know you?”
Jared smiled and said, “aye lad, not so well as you one day will, but we have met on occasion.  How are you feeling?”
The boy thought vaguely for a long moment, as if trying to understand the question, and at last said with a wan smile, “awful.”
The man laughed, “perfectly normal under the circumstances, but fear not, you’ll be feeling yourself again in a few days.”
Jace frowned again as he studied the man, “you are glowing!”  He shook his head as if trying to remember what was normal in this particular reality.
The man laughed, “not half so much as you lad, concentrate.”
The boy’s eyes widened as he took in the truth of the matter.  There was a radiance about his person that would have blinded anyone who happened to glance his direction, and which seemed to cause an echoing luminescence to radiate from his companion.  Not exactly sure what the man was talking about or what was going on, he did as he was bidden and the light suddenly vanished, from both their persons.  He smiled wanly and his companion returned a whole-hearted smile.
“Good, lad,” said he, “now can you stand?”
Stand?  He remembered standing once, eons ago, could he still do it?  There was only one way to find out.  With Jared’s help, he awkwardly gained his feet and stood unsteadily for a moment as he regained his balance, feeling as awkward as a newborn colt.  They exchanged a wry grin, and once the boy felt both his balance and confidence return, they tried a few stumbling steps.  It took them well over an hour to get out of the dungeon, but at last they made it to the top of the stairs where the curious guard awaited them, a smile on his face to see them at last, though he wondered why it had taken so long and why the lad stumbled about as one new to his legs.  Jared said to the flummoxed guard, “please inform the lad’s mother that he is well.”  The man nodded and dashed off immediately while the unwieldy pair continued on to find the Lady.




Apprentice:




1

They found the Lady awaiting them in an informal sitting room, hiding both her burning curiosity and mild irritation behind a face of placid patience.  She greeted the peculiar servant and his weary companion with a slight nod as the boy collapsed in a chair while Jared gave the necessary courtesies.  Her eyes widened slightly in surprise, but remembered the man’s warning that the boy would be rather disoriented for a time after his trial, whatever it was, and this seeming affront must therefore be laid at the feet of whatever currently afflicted the boy.  She studied him briefly, frowning slightly at the heavy cloak he wore despite being indoors, and then turned her attention back to Jared, said she, “I see he has emerged.”
Jared smiled wryly, “aye Lady, and as I said, a little worse for wear, but nothing a little rest will not set aright.”
She raised an eyebrow, “and just what is going on in the lowest levels of my Keep?”
The servant shook his head, “I have told you all I can my Lady.”
She took a chair with a heavy sigh, said she, “to think there are things within Astoria to which even I am not privy!”  She smiled wryly, “the Brethren would think it scandalous.”
Jared smiled openly, “that they would my Lady, but you need fear no nefarious business as we are all servants of the same Master.”  He bowed deeply, “we answer to you as well.”
She arched an eyebrow, “do you now?  I thought you were the one giving the orders of late?”
He bowed again, “there are rare occasions when it must be so, I fear, but in general we are ever at your command.”
She smiled in amusement, “I see,” while studying the boy anew, her smile vanishing as something suddenly registered, she had noticed it previously but only now realized its significance.  The boy slumped in his chair, little noticing what passed between his companions, seemingly focused on his own thoughts, but there was no mistaking that he was now numbered amongst the Brethren.  In all the strangenesses of the day, she must have overlooked this small fact, which was not surprising when everyone all but assumed of late that he was of their number, save he had not taken the Oath.  She shook her head in astonishment, “how can this be?  He was forbidden from taking the Oath yet here he is numbered amongst us?”
Jared quashed a vastly amused smile and said as seriously as he could, “it was the Master Himself, my Lady.”  Suddenly he shifted, seeming to grow taller, less grizzled, and thirty years younger while also bearing the unmistakable signs that he too was of that brotherhood.  The Lady was quite happy she was already sitting, for this revelation might well have collapsed her in a chair had she not been.  She sat up and studied him with incredulity, all the while he grinned like an impish child.
At last she sat back and shook her head in wonder, “how can this be?”
He smiled mysteriously, like a cat that will never divulge its secrets, and said, “that I cannot tell you Lady, but know it is of the Master’s doing, and we are technically a part of the Brethren.”
She smiled wryly, “technically?”
He shrugged, “for all intents and purposes, yes, but in certain circumstances our orders come from the Master Himself and supersede even your own.”
She shook her head in wonder, “am I ever to know the truth of the matter?”
Jared shifted again, and suddenly he was again the man she had always thought him to be, said he, “I am only allowed to reveal so much Lady, and that solely because you are the Lady of Astoria.  Even his own kin cannot know half so much, the rest of our comrades, even less so.”
She nodded and said, “I suppose we had best get the lad to bed.  Why is he so dreadfully listless?  What happened in my dungeon?  What did his sister see and what happened to her?”
Jared’s eyes widened in horror as Jace jerked violently at mention of his sister, no longer indifferent to all that passed about him.  The servant barked, “Lady, turn away and cover your eyes!” while simultaneously leaping atop the boy and drawing the heavy cloak about him as that awful light threatened to break forth anew.  “Easy lad,” soothed he, “your sister is well, easy.”
The Lady did immediately as she was bidden, horrified that she had slipped so terribly, wondering what tragedy it might wreak.  Even with her eyes closed, covered with her hands, and her back turned, she felt rather than saw a dreadful light, knowing full well that it would have blinded her had she not obeyed that very instant, beginning to understand what it was the girl had glimpsed.
Jace had been listening vaguely to their conversation, paying little heed to what passed between them, rather trying to focus his own wandering thoughts and befuddled mind.  Then he heard mention of his sister, he had a sister, Briane, that was it, but what had the Lady said, she had been there when...no!  It could not be...it must not be!  He lost what little concentration he had had and immediately the light within him burst forth, so carefully concealed since they left the cell, but now a danger to anyone who even glimpsed it, but Jared was suddenly there and his calming words soon brought the boy back to himself, quieted his reeling mind, and with it his concentration returned, at least enough that he could drape that deadly light again in shadow.  He looked up in horror, his eyes pleading understanding.
Jared smiled gently and reassured, “easy lad, it is not your fault.  It will take you some time to readjust, and you yet know nothing of the quest upon which you have just embarked.  We’ll get you to bed soon enough.”
He relaxed instantly, nodding like a sleepy, comforted child in his father’s arms, falling again into his half-somnolent contemplations.  Jared looked to the Lady and said just as gently, “you may look, my Lady, it has passed.”
She turned back towards the man, a plaintive look on her face, at which the man smiled and said, “no harm done, thank the Master, but as you can see, the boy is not himself, yet.”
Her eyes narrowed, “you said he must readjust?  To what?”
Jared smiled mysteriously, “mortal life.  He was, for a time, in the very presence of the Master, in a place outside of time and space, away from the sin, doubt, pain, sorrow, and fear with which mortality is fraught.  His mind has been through too much and it needs time to adjust to the confines of this reality once more.”
She nodded, her eyes slightly wide, the only sign that this was proving to be a night of enigmas, wonders, and rather than answering her questions, had only birthed a thousand more.  Said she at last, “I suppose you had best get him to bed.”  She smiled ruefully, “after this conversation I feel like I need to do the same!”
Jared bowed, “there is only one other thing I wished to discuss with you Lady.”  She nodded that he should proceed, said he, “he will need to be apprenticed to someone in the coming days, might I recommend Baye?”
The Lady smiled in amusement, “my foremost Messenger?  Why am I not surprised that he is part of your little conspiracy?  When he returns, I will do as you ask.”  She frowned suddenly in remembrance, and said, “am I right in remembering that two hundred years ago, when I was but a Student myself, there was a similar fiasco surrounding him?”
Jared bowed deeply, “it was as you remember it my Lady and there is a reason he is one of your most talented servants.”
She smiled at him, “of course you cannot tell me the precise reason but you can hint all you like?”
He nodded, “I see you understand, I bid you goodnight and will see that the lad is settled.”  She shook her head in wonder but stood in dismissal as he gathered up the compliant lad and vanished out the door.  She sat again and spent a good portion of the night staring into the fire, pondering questions that had no answers. 

Jared escorted the lad back to his room, or rather half carried him as the boy leant heavily upon him.  Adan was still up, unable to sleep with wondering what had come of Jace and having heard that Briane had also suffered some accident but no one was willing or able to say more.  When the door burst open and the upstart servant entered, half carrying Jace, Adan leapt to his feet and helped the man settle his friend in his bed.  Said the man with a nod, “he’ll be very disoriented, easily excitable, and have little energy for several days.  Your job is to keep him quiet, comfortable, and oblivious to all else passing in the Keep.  He is to have no visitors without my approval, including his mother.  If he should become agitated, immediately cover your eyes and turn away from him and send for me with all haste.”  With these comforting words, he smiled impishly and departed while Adan stared after in complete astonishment before turning wide eyes upon Jace, who was snoring blissfully in his once familiar bed.

Later that night a quiet knock came at the door, an anxious looking Juliene standing without.  Adan, who had been trying to read, but spent more time studying his sleeping companion while uneasy thoughts meandered through his mind, withdrew into the hall, closing the door behind him.  He motioned towards the far end of the hall towards a small sitting area where they might speak without disturbing Jace or the neighbors.  He sat but she was too restless to follow suit, pacing back and forth as she began, “how fares my son?”
Adan smiled ruefully, “I am assured he will be fine in a few days, but I haven’t seen him do anything but sleep.”  His smile faltered, “how is Briane?”
She studied him for a moment, trying to gage how he felt about her daughter, she still hadn’t quite forgiven him his abandonment of her for that silly Oath, but she could hear the concern in his voice and see it in his eyes, said she at last, “she wakened about the time Jace emerged from the dungeons.”  She paused, having more to say but unsure how to proceed, far from the joyous woman she should have been to tell such news, “she seems to be blind, the doctor hopes it is temporary but there is no way to know.”  She fell to her knees before the aghast Apprentice, pled she, “tell me what it was that happened to her?  What it is that Jace has entangled himself in?”
Adan raised her to her feet and said awkwardly, “I know nothing madam, only that Briane is lucky to be alive and that Jace endured something terrible or wonderful, likely both, that we shall probably never understand, but which is of vital importance to those he will one day serve.”
Tears trickled down her cheeks, “can I at least see him?”
Adan shook his head firmly, “nay madam, he is not to have visitors until he has fully recovered, but I will keep you posted as to his progress.  Hopefully by then Briane will be herself once more.  How is she faring with everything?”
Juliene shook her head, “her mood swings rapidly from despair at her condition to astonishment that she is yet alive to anger that she should be so severely afflicted for a girlish prank to embarrassment that she was caught.”
Adan grinned ruefully, “no remorse that she was where she knew she should not have been?”
Juliene smiled wanly, “you know her well.”  She paused, “I am not sure if a visit from you would be of benefit or not, perhaps in a few days when she has resigned herself to the situation and recovered from the shock?  I will give her your greetings first and see how she takes it.”
Adan laughed, but it was hollow, “she’s apt to throw something.”  Juliene smiled sadly, squeezed his hand in farewell, and returned to her daughter’s room and Adan to his.  There was little sleep that night for either of them.

The student body was aware that something strange was going on involving the pseudo-apprentice, but as it concerned the Brethren they paid it little heed until Briane suffered for it.  She was a popular and well-liked girl, such an incident could do little to endear the Brethren, the Master, or most especially Jace to them.  Rumor was rampant and nothing the teachers or even the Lady herself said, did anything to improve matters, all that could be done was to wait for time to reveal what it would and let matters work themselves out.  It was probably for the best that Jace spent the first few days after his return confined to his room with no one but Jared, the Lady, and Adan for company, albeit the two former only visited on occasion to see how his recovery was progressing, while Briane refused to come out of hers, for fear of what people in general would think.  She was glad Jace had survived, whatever it was he had so foolishly endured, but somehow managed to blame him for her predicament, even so.
Adan awoke with a start the next morning, where he had fallen asleep in his chair, book still open in his lap, and glanced worriedly at Jace, who still slept on.  He smiled wryly, laid aside the book, and stood, stretching the stiffness from his unaccustomed sleeping position out of his arms and back.  He froze mid-stretch and stared anew at his slumbering friend, for there was no mistake, Jace had somehow joined the Brethren.  He lowered his arm and approached the still form on the bed, shaking his head in wonder.  Could not take his Oath indeed!  Whatever was afoot, at least that strange business was behind them.  Which got him to wondering exactly what it was his friend had gotten himself into, but he did not have time to ponder long, for Jace just then blinked groggily back to consciousness.
He studied Adan blankly for a long moment and then said slowly, “Adan?”
Adan grinned, “welcome back, my friend.”
Jace nodded sleepily, turned over, and went back to sleep like a little boy reluctant to get out of bed.  Adan shook his head, smiled, and returned to his morning routine, but then sighed, he would have to skip his classes until Jace was himself again, for he could not leave him alone, if he were as spooky and discombobulated as the servant implied.  What of their meals?  A knock upon the door answered this question quite efficiently, as a servant stood without bearing food for the both of them.  The interruption roused Jace once more, who stared blankly at the plates as if he had no idea what food was, but a little encouragement on Adan’s part soon brought the concept back to the fore.  After breakfast, Jace was soon enough asleep once more.
That first day he did nothing but eat and sleep, but the following day, he managed to sit up and chat with Adan upon rudimentary topics for short periods, much as a small child might seriously discuss something rather trivial with his elders, who try desperately to maintain their sobriety.  The day after that, he got out of bed and was far more himself, though still easily distracted, a little spacy, and far too quiet.  Jared appeared the fourth morning, ordered Adan out of the room, and spent half an hour with Jace, when he emerged, he smiled broadly at Adan, saying, “he is well on his way to recovery, tomorrow he can leave the room, have visitors, and the like.  The day after, he can resume his usual routine.”  He nearly skipped down the hall, whistling happily as he went.  Adan watched him go with a smile, before returning to the room, where Jace greeted him with a warm smile.  He still did not know what had happened to his sister, and Adan figured it best to wait a day yet before broaching such a distressing topic.
Briane’s recovery was nowhere near so promising.  Physically, there was nothing wrong save the persistent blindness, but emotionally she had been devastated.  The other students knew she had been injured somehow but not in what way or how badly, her continued absence bred rumor upon rumor, yet she refused to emerge from her chamber and get on with her life.  How was she to function at all?  A girl struck blind in her prime?  Or worse, would be the pity they’d feel for her!  She was strong, she was resilient; she needed no one but herself!  Then she would collapse into a sobbing heap of despair, not knowing what to do.  The doctor visited her daily, but seeing no sign of improvement, he said gravely, the day Jace at last emerged from his room, “without some miracle, I fear this is a permanent condition.”  Briane nodded glumly, having already resigned herself to that particular doom but said nothing, absolutely refusing to touch her food that day or speak to anyone.

On the morning Jace was allowed to venture forth for the first time, Adan decided it was time to inform him of his sister’s predicament, said he as they both prepared for the day, “Briane was in the dungeon with you, you know?”
Jace froze, tunic half on, said he in horror, “I have some vague recollection of someone saying that, but cannot remember whom.  It is true?!  How can that be?”
Adan shook his head, “you know Brie, she’ll stop at nothing to be where least she should be.”
Jace smiled wryly in remembrance, but then frowned, remembering what it was they were discussing, “is she alright?”
Adan said quietly, “that odd servant insists she should have died, but she managed to survive, though she was stricken blind and might remain so permanently.”
Jace grimaced, “lucky to be alive indeed!  No man should look upon that and live...”  He trailed off suddenly and met Adan’s wide-eyed gaze as he realized he might be saying something aloud that should not be casually spoken of, even to his best friend.  He cleared his throat awkwardly, but thankfully Adan had tact enough not to press him for more details but a thoughtful look had entered his eyes.  If no man could look upon whatever it was and live, how had Jace survived when his sister was stricken blind for the least glimpse?  Continued Jace, hoping futilely to change the course of his friend’s thoughts, “I hate to say it, but it is her own fault, she well knew she was not allowed down there and the guard even double-checked to make sure no one was inadvertently trapped down there when they shouldn’t be.”  He sighed heavily, “but I suppose she does not see it that way?”
Adan smiled grimly, “of that you can be certain.  She blames you, the Master, the Lady, even me, but certainly not herself.”
Jace shook his head in dismay, “will she allow visitors?”
There came a brief knock and then the door swung wide, revealing a smiling, albeit sad, Juliene standing without, replied she, “she refuses to see anyone but me, even Ella isn’t allowed within.”  She studied her son as she spoke and her smile deepened, becoming downright mischievous, “but exceptions must be made for family.  Are you up for this?  What she needs is a good spanking, and I fear we have been two peas in a pod far too long for me to do her any good, but maybe her stern, no nonsense brother can make her see sense?”  She smiled pleadingly at Adan, “and perhaps her estranged but dearest friend could aid her as well?”  They nodded their hearty agreement, smiling with an impish delight to have their part in such a plot.  
Juliene had been studying her son the whole time, heartened by what she saw, knowing he had come away from his trial not only whole, but far stronger, more mature, and possessed of a confidence that defied his recent fall from Astoria’s social pinnacle, for it was a confidence not borne of this world and thus not easily shaken thereby.  But then she frowned as one small detail finally registered, said she in some confusion, “did you intend to don Adan’s clothes or are you still confused enough to need help getting dressed of a morning?”
Jace grinned sheepishly, “no mom, this is my rightful attire.  I am now an Apprentice of the Brethren.”
She smiled half in consternation, half in amusement, “well, it was nice of you to keep me apprised of the situation.  I had thought you indifferent to the Oath.”
Jace grinned impishly, “not so much indifferent as incapable of taking it at the time, but that small matter has been rectified, though quite unexpectedly, in the midst of everything else.”
She hugged him fiercely, smiled proudly, and said, “well, if this is what you truly want, and I know that it is, I could not be happier for you.  Now let’s go talk some sense into your sister!”
As they accompanied her down the corridor, Jace asked, “why are you not more concerned about Briane’s condition?  I would expect you at the least to be angry with me, the Master, fate, or who or whatever you chose to blame.”
She stopped mid-stride and turned to her son, said she, “I don’t know what happened down there and probably never will, but I do know the fool girl brought it upon herself and should be happy she lived to tell the tale.  Do I grieve for her loss, certainly, but is it the death sentence she has resigned herself to?  Certainly not!  She is alive and mostly well, while this will prove a major hindrance to life as she once knew it, it is not the end of the world as she assumes it to be.  She is sulking like a spoiled child and right now the kindest thing we can do for her is to help her see that.”  She smiled villainously, “and if it takes a swift kick in the pants to do that, so be it.”  The boys exchanged a mystified expression, silently vowing never to cross so fierce a woman!
They continued on their way and came to the room wherein Briane skulked and lurked and lately kept her being.  Juliene did not bother knocking but barged right in, the two Apprentices in tow.  Briane looked up, fury in her unseeing eyes, unable to discern who her visitors were, scowled she, “mother, is that you?  Who do you have with you?  I absolutely refuse to see anyone.” 
Juliene said dryly, “as you won’t be seeing anyone for some time to come, perhaps the rest of your life, I don’t see how that matters.  Your brother and best friend have a great desire to speak with you, whether you would reciprocate or not.  I will leave them to it my dear and you would be wise to listen.”  She added archly, “two esteemed representatives of the Brethren must possess at least a little wisdom betwixt them.”  Smiling amusedly, she withdrew, closing the door after her.
Briane’s face was a study in first astonishment then horror as she took in what her mother implied, at last she growled, “can you not leave me in peace?  Am I not miserable enough?”
Jace grinned, “you are certainly most miserable, dear sister, but much of it, I fear, is self induced.”
She turned on him and hissed, “come to taunt me then in my wretchedness?  Is not this all your fault or that of your precious Master?”
He said quietly, “nay, I am not here to taunt or tease, but rather talk sense into that stubborn heart of yours.”  He smiled ruefully, “was not mine just as mulish?”  She smiled wanly at this, as he continued, “how is it my fault or anyone’s but your own?”  He became grave, “it is a miracle you survived!”
She collapsed on her pillows, sobbing, and he was at her side in a moment, holding her close, stroking her hair, patting her back, allowing her to grieve as she must.  Adan stood awkwardly by the door, averting his eyes and shifting his weight from foot to foot.  At last her tears slowed to a mere trickle and hiccups and sniffles replaced her sobs, said she morosely, “how was I to know what would come of it?  How ever am I to get on with life?”
Jace said quietly, “you knew full well what it was you did, though perhaps not the gravity of the situation.”  He smiled sadly, “and while your loss is grievous, you are still a highly talented and capable young woman, you will figure things out, one day at a time.”
She smiled at him, unseeing, but said, “trite, brother, trite.  You will make a proper Brother indeed.”  She grimaced in horror, having forgotten her other visitor, turning her attention to Adan, who she could hear by the door, said she in an aghast voice, “I am sure you think me truly wretched!”
Adan shook his head, though she could not see, and said, “do not be ridiculous Brie, I know who and what you are, and love you for it,” he smiled impishly, “or shall I say in spite of it?”  She grabbed a pillow and launched it at him, scarily accurate for one who could not see to aim.


2

Briane agreed to accompany Jace on his official return to normality after that, though she chased them out of the room that she might attend to her person ere her debut.  They smiled jubilantly at Juliene as they emerged, urging her to go in and help her daughter ere they were forced to wait all day for her to get ready, knowing girls took far too long as it was to finish their morning preparations without being newly blind as well.  But she did emerge at last, and together they made their way down to breakfast.  The entire populace of the dining hall seemed to draw a collective gasp as the trio entered, taking in every detail from Jace’s new uniform to the strip of cloth covering his sister’s vacant eyes.  That Jace was now one of ‘them’ came as no surprise and was of little general interest, but the girl’s blindness was another matter entirely.
Ella approached at the fastest pace allowable indoors for a lady of breeding, said she to Jace with a sniff, “stand aside and let her true friends be of service.”
Jace grinned in spite of himself, allowed his former sweetheart to relieve him of his sister’s arm, and exchanged an amused grin with Adan as the ladies walked away, relegating the Apprentices to their relative obscurity.  They shrugged and went to find their share of the morning meal, sitting with a jovial group of their comrades who eagerly welcomed Jace officially among them.  After the meal, Adan said apologetically, “I should probably get to class, will you be alright by yourself?”
Jace nodded, “I need some time alone to think and to continue to process the events of the last few days.  If the weather is decent, I’ll walk about upon the lawn, else the library will suffice.”  
Adan nodded his agreement and disappeared in the direction of his first class while Jace donned his cloak and made for the enclosed lawn adjacent to the courtyard.  The weather was yet fine and warm, even with the recent onset of autumn, and he happily paced about for most of the morning, mulling over all that had happened and what the future might hold.  He could remember little of what had occurred during ‘the incident’ or in the ensuing days, but he knew he had been utterly changed, he just wished there was someone to whom he could talk upon the matter.  Wearied with his continued pacing, he at last seated himself upon one of the many benches beneath the ancient trees scattered over the sward.
He woke with a start to find a shadowy figure looming over him, which a moment later he realized with dread, was one of the Brethren.  He leapt to his feet and hastily offered the appropriate courtesies, at which the man grinned like one vastly amused, said he as Jace fumbled through the process, “easy lad, the Lady has summoned us both into her presence.”  The boy blanched further in terror and the man grinned all the more, but wasted no further time in escorting the boy to the Lady’s familiar chambers.
They bowed themselves in and she motioned for them to be seated off to one side in a less formal sitting area where tea and a tray of sandwiches awaited them.  She smiled warmly at the boy, glad that he was far more himself upon this visit; his complete indifference during their previous interview was as far from his current unease and near terror as the east was from the west.  Said she at last, “help yourselves, since I know neither of you has yet eaten.”
Baye grinned, “Lady, I had not yet dismounted when I was informed that you wished to see me immediately along with this young rapscallion, whom I found dozing against a tree when I am sure he should have been busy elsewhere.”  
Jace wanted to sink into the floor, horribly embarrassed, yet also aghast at the man’s bantering tone while addressing the Lady of Astoria.  They exchanged an amused grin over the lad’s mystification and astonishment, before the Lady answered mirthfully, to the boy’s continued mortification, “he has had an eventful week, thus I think we can forgive him this lapse, at least this once.”
Baye bowed his head gravely and a perplexed half-smile blossomed on Jace’s face, as he began to understand the dynamics between the Brethren’s august leader and one of her oldest and most capable servants.  The Lady saw comprehension dawn in the lad’s eyes and smiled proudly, the boy would one day be just as vital a Messenger as his soon to be mentor.  Continued she, “when was the last time you had an apprentice?”
Baye glanced curiously at the boy and then met the Lady’s eye once more, said he far too blandly, “I have never had an apprentice.”
She actually gaped at him, something rarely done by someone who had held this position for as long as she had, as she regained control of herself, she said, “how is that possible?”
He shrugged but smiled easily, “perhaps with all the dire missions on which you send me, you never thought to imperil one of your pupils likewise.”
She nodded thoughtfully and then frowned, “you are correct, with all the missions I and my predecessor have set you, how is it you have survived this long?”
He met her gaze evenly, she knew there was something he was not telling, likely could not, knowing how his ilk loved to conceal things from her, said he, “that I cannot say, but I am ever at your service.”  He glanced questioningly at the boy, “are you sure you want to risk this one in my keeping?”
Jace gaped, he had never thought to be assigned to a mentor so soon, he had not even given a thought to which sect of the Brethren he might like to belong, but the Messengers?  Did he have any choice in the matter?  The man saw his reaction and grinned, “see, even he is appalled at the idea.”
The Lady nodded grimly, “I fully understand, but this is a very special case.”  She frowned in consternation at the incongruity of her forthcoming statement, “one of the servants has asked that it be so.”
Baye froze, asking quietly, “which particular servant?”
The Lady met his intense gaze and answered just as quietly, “Jared.”
Baye turned surprised eyes upon the boy, “is that so?”  He smiled amusedly at the Lady’s predicament, said he with a grin, “it cannot be easy taking orders from your underlings, my Lady, but there is not a man alive that I would trust more, most especially under such strange circumstances.”
Her answering smile was wry indeed, “you speak truly, my friend.”  She turned to Jace and asked gently, “are you agreeable to this dangerous but intriguing arrangement?  There is certainly no better man alive to hone and refine your remarkable skills than Baye, but it is your choice.”  What could he do but nod his wide-eyed acceptance?

So it was, that a few minutes later, they found themselves walking side by side down the corridor, the boy nearly as flummoxed as he had been the moment he awakened again in the mortal world while Baye wore a smile of vast amusement.  Said he at last to the stunned Jace, “what say you to a little ride about the countryside?”  Jace met his eye and smiled eagerly, a thousand unasked questions roiling in his mind.  The man laughed merrily and led the way to the stables.
Once they were well and truly alone in the wide fields surrounding the city, allowing their mounts to amble at leisure, for Jace was not up for anything more strenuous, Baye began, “I can see you are near to bursting with questions lad, ask away.”  The boy frowned, suddenly uneasy, not knowing how much he could ask or tell this near stranger.  The man laughed easily, suddenly understanding the lad’s predicament, said he, “look at your right palm lad.”
Frowning, Jace did as he was instructed, and gasped to see the figure of a small, rampant unicorn alight thereupon with a silver light.  Baye held his own hand up for Jace to inspect, nearly falling out of his saddle in astonishment, said he at last, “what is it?  Can everyone see it?”
Baye grinned, “nay lad, it is only visible to those of us within the Shadow.”
Jace reined his horse in sharply, “Shadow?  Like the stories?  The Shadow of the Unicorn?!”
Baye nodded, “you observed the strange nature of those books?  It is the same way with the Mark, only those who need to see it can.  But yes, the tales are true, and you are in the very midst of them.”  He laughed in remembrance, “though real life will be far more strange and wonderful by far than those old legends tell.”
Jace let his gelding have his head, as he said, “what exactly is it?  What are we?  What do we do?”
Baye smiled, hugely enjoying the lad’s naiveté, said he, “it is something that must be experienced rather than told, that is the purpose of an Apprenticeship after all, but I will tell you a little, if only to spare your sanity.  We are a suborder within the Brethren, technically a part of the brotherhood, yet also something else altogether.  As our name implies, we act and exist in secret and few know anything of us, even the Lady knows little of the truth.”
The boy nodded eagerly as the man continued, this time far more seriously, “you must speak of this to no one outside the Shadow.  Should you even think of revealing any of this, you will fall dead before your tongue can betray us.”  Jace blanched, knowing somehow that he spoke truly, but also that he was incapable of accidentally betraying the secret, rather the warning applied to one who intentionally meant to speak things forbidden for others to hear.
Baye lightened his tone, “fear not lad, you know you must deliberately betray the Shadow for that to be the case.  Unlike the rest of the Brethren, we are Called to this peculiar service rather than choosing it freely; we can refuse of course,” Jace smiled ruefully at this remark, “but it is not an occupation just anyone can decide to pursue at will.  Any man with a willing heart can take up with the Brethren and join the sect that best suits his tastes and abilities, but very few ever find themselves Called into the service of the Shadow.”
Jace frowned, “how many, exactly?”
Baye smiled broadly, “you would be the sixth since the world began.”  
Jace gaped and Baye smiled the more, the boy grinned, “very few indeed!  What would have happened had I refused?”
Baye shook his head, “it is not for mortal men to know the ‘what ifs,’ lad, only the Master is omniscient, but if you had refused the Master entirely, you would have led a frustrating and pointless life, always feeling that you were somehow missing out on something.  If you had simply refused this particular service, they would have found an empty cell and you would have remained forever in the Master’s presence, rather than returning to the mortal world.”  His smile broadened eagerly, “but you will soon find yourself in a life more fulfilling than you can yet imagine.  You asked what our purpose is?  The Messengers supposedly take on the most complex and impossible of missions for the Lady, while that is true to a point, it is the truly impossible missions that fall to us.”  He paused for a moment, deciding how best to proceed, “we get the quests that are not humanly possible, but with our Master’s power and grace, we can often succeed.”  He smiled ruefully, “of course none of the credit will ever fall to us, as we are not even supposed to exist, but then we do this for the Master’s glory and purposes, not our own.  Jared has spent countless centuries in the post of servant, when he is actually the Captain of the Shadow, but in that position he knows everything that is happening in the Keep and can act accordingly.”
Jace said thoughtfully, “I know the Brethren can live up to three hundred years, but if there are so few of us, how is it that there are so many of us alive at this particular time?”
Baye studied the boy proudly, knowing he was well suited to their calling with his quick mind, said he, “the Brethren may live three hundred years, but we have no set lifespan.”  He paused to allow the boy time to process this revelation and then continued, “you looked upon the Master Himself, undisguised in all His glory, no mortal man can survive that.  Your sister was stricken blind, thus sparing her life and hopefully teaching her discretion, but you were unmade.  Had you refused your Calling, you would have remained wherever it is the Master and His dwell, but we would never have seen you more.  But you chose to enter this service and thus returned to us, a mortal man but not a mortal man.”
The boy frowned, uncomprehending, but Baye’s only reply was to grunt and fall from his saddle.  Jace glanced around frantically, only then seeing the bulk of his childhood home looming out of the trees before them as his heart sank, knowing his father was somehow involved in this tragedy.  He flung himself out of the saddle and raced to his mentor’s side; an arrow protruded from the man’s chest and he smiled ruefully, “this is rather embarrassing...”  He trailed off and lay still.  
A cold hand seemed to clench Jace’s heart as he stood, knowing what he must do.  Hand on his sword hilt, he turned to face his adversaries when an arrow lodged itself in his flank; his knees buckled as he groaned in agony, but he kept his wits about him and drew his sword as their assailant broke cover.  Jace stared in horror but not surprise as the old guardsman, the closest thing in his life to a father, studied the scene with a grim frown.  He kicked Baye, but seemed satisfied when there came no response.  He then turned stony eyes upon the boy, still on his knees but sword in hand.  He smiled gravely and said, “put down the sword, demon, we have ways of dealing with your kind.”
Jace gaped, he might have expected something of the sort from the rather addled old housekeeper or perhaps even his father, but from the old soldier?  He struggled to his feet and the man took a step back, knowing the lad was dangerous, even wounded.  Demanded the boy, “do you not know me?”
The old man scoffed, “none of that now!  You wear the face of one I once knew, but we all know him dead or worse.  He could not have survived winter alone in these hills.”
Jace rolled his eyes, “Astoria is half a day’s walk from here!”
The man shook his head gravely, “better to die in the wilderness than accept the mercy of them demon-worshippers.”
Jace sighed, “you have killed an innocent and valiant man, you must be held accountable.”
The man smiled incredulously, “I recognize no authority but the Lord of the Keep, he’ll know what to do with you, demon.”
Jace shifted his stance, ready to defend himself, when he felt a blow to the back of his head, far too reminiscent of the day when he should have fallen to his death.  Blackness engulfed him for a few moments and when he came to himself, the housekeeper was standing over him with a cast iron frying pan in hand, saying to the guardsman with a laugh, “that’s how you deal with a demon!”
The man’s reply was cut short as he saw the boy stirring and gasped, “he’s awake, let’s get him to the keep!”
Jace was having trouble concentrating, worse, he felt like he was about to unravel; he knew if he lost hold of himself, it might be disastrous for anyone around him.  He smiled grimly at the thought, thinking the villains might well deserve it, but he knew that thought was unworthy of both himself and his Master, in Whose image all men were made.  He was as wretched and guilty as they, no more deserving of grace, but happily its recipient, and it was a gift freely offered to all men, they had only to accept it, and that was the whole point of life: the search for that precious gift and afterwards, helping others to find it.  It seemed there was yet much he must learn about human nature, particularly his own, and what was expected of him as a true servant of the Master.  But that is what his apprenticeship was all about.  He glanced sadly at the unmoving Baye, wondering who might be his mentor now.  Then they forced him to his feet and groaning, he remembered the arrow in his side, perhaps he would need no mentor after all.  The thought of his ingloriously short career brought another smile and a buffet from his captors, who thought him insolent.
They half drug, half carried the boy, for he was in no shape to walk of his own accord.  It was an unwieldy and slow process, for neither were young and the lad was not as slight as he once had been, but at last they dropped him to the paving stones in the fortress’ courtyard, gasping and nearly insensible, frantically fighting the rising panic that he was beginning to fray at the edges.  The pair hastened off, neither willing to remain alone with a demon, to find the master of the castle, hoping he would deign to come to their prisoner rather than having to drag the fool into the depths of the keep.  Just when the boy felt he could not hold himself together any longer, he felt a firm pressure on his shoulder and a stabilizing pulse of light coursed through his being.  His head cleared, his breathing eased, and he was no longer in danger of falling to pieces.
He sat up with a start to see a jovially smiling Baye standing over him, said he with a laugh, “you could have done that for yourself lad, but I suppose you didn’t know how because this is still technically your first day on the job.”  He shook his head, “you nearly came undone, we’ll have to work on that too.  Until you can control yourself, even on the brink of death, you are dangerous to anyone who happens to be in the area at the time, and you might inadvertently reveal things the world need not know.”
The boy smiled ruefully as he took Baye’s proffered hand and climbed to his feet, then said in a voice strained with wonder, “you live?!”
Baye nodded, as if it were the most natural thing in the world for a dead man to do so, he smiled in vast amusement, “think about it lad, the attrition rate amongst the Messengers is frightful, yet I said our assignments are worse than theirs yet there are only a handful of us, which must imply that death is not a permanent condition amongst us.”
Jace’s eyes were wide in wonder, but he managed an impish half smile, “which explains your unicorn’s complete indifference to your demise and your absurd last words.”
Baye’s eyes narrowed but the corner of his lips twitched, betraying his amusement, said he, “absurd?  What kind of a word is that to use in relation to your mentor lad?  Indeed!  I think a month shoveling muck is just recompense for your insolence.  Tell me what is not embarrassing about being unhorsed and pierced through the heart by a doddering old grey beard with no teeth?  I have met many an end far more gruesome, romantic, or poetic,” he frowned in consternation, “I am not sure one should apply those last two words to death, but you get the idea, that such an inglorious end should be mine, is well, rather embarrassing!”
Jace grinned, “I see your point, but should we truly be so concerned about how others perceive the glory, or lack thereof, of our demise?”
Baye smiled ruefully, “lad, I am the one who is supposed to be teaching you, not you me!  But you are correct, I need to swallow my own pride and attend to our Master’s business.”
Jace could make no reply before a terrified shout echoed through the half constructed ruin as the guardsman returned and saw his dead and dying prisoners alive and well, “demons!  I told you they was demons!”
Baye demanded of the frantic man, “where is your master?”
“I’ll never betray my lord!” he raised his sword and would have charged the pair in a suicidal rampage, but six of the Brethren suddenly galloped into the courtyard and drew rein, which deflated the infuriated guardsman, who dropped his sword and stared listlessly at the pavement.  The housekeeper, frying pan at the ready, crept around the corner, took one look at the host in their midst, and joined her companion in the bitter grasp of defeat.
“Now for the rat,” said Baye eagerly to Jace, he glanced at his comrades and said, “these two are guilty of attempted murder at the least, but I think they are also rather confused and afraid, which is no excuse but I do not think them to be murderous fiends out of habit.  We’ll find the so-called lord of this place.”  They dashed off to find Jace’s father, leaving the others to tend to the two disheartened prisoners.
They ran down a corridor that ended abruptly, for where a wall should have been the surrounding forest stood.  Baye turned to the boy in exasperation, “I have no idea where to find this fellow.”
Jace grinned, “I grew up here and the man in question is my father, but he’s likely fled by now.”
It was Baye’s turn to gape that day, but he motioned for the boy to lead on, but he was correct in his assumption that the man had fled the moment he knew his castle under siege, abandoning his servants to their fate while he thought to get away.  But Baye’s unicorn had not been idle, not only had he summoned his companions bearing the patrol that had just wandered into the forsaken fortress, he had also waited at the back of the dismal structure and shadowed the fugitive.  The other news brought by the creature caused Baye to glance at his apprentice with speculative eyes, was the lad ready for this?  He smiled roguishly and laughed to himself, ready or not, the lad would learn this day what the greatest task of the Shadow truly was.  He said to the lad, as they jogged along, “I fear your father was involved in something far more deep and sinister than he can begin to imagine.  Are you ready for the fight of your life?”  The boy was all eager smile.  Baye’s smile became proudly paternal; the lad would do well indeed!
They approached the clearing wherein the unicorn awaited them, draped in darkness to blend in with the surrounding vegetation.  Two men were arguing in the glade, a tall dark figure loomed over a bent, aged man, both seemed to be berating the other but neither making his point.  Jace felt a twinge of pity for his defeated sire and Baye seemed to feel his angst, whispered he, “don’t worry about the old man, he is not our main interest in this fight.  That shadowy fellow is our true quarry; watch out for his dark sorcery and his vile reptile.”  
Jace’s eyes were wide, wondering what sort of fiend his father had entangled himself with, but he could make no reply as the pair suddenly seemed to sense their presence and turned to face the intruders.  Then everything seemed to happen at once: Jace’s father crumpled with the villain’s knife in his back, Baye leapt upon the fiend the next instant, and a hideous reptile as big as a horse came snarling out of the underbrush, intent on tearing Baye to pieces.  As the others exchanged furious sword strokes, Jace set upon the bipedal monster.  He knew he only had one chance before the creature would tear him to shreds and he was determined to make it count.  His sword neatly pierced the monster’s breast and the next moment its claws and teeth were upon him.  Jace was dead long before the vile thing’s miniscule brain figured out it was too.
The shadowy fiend howled in fury as Baye struck true, but he collapsed with a triumphant cackle, “you may have won the day, but the cost was dear!”
Baye looked sadly down at his defiant foe, “it is not too late!”  His only answer was to scoff and melt into a fetid pool of black ooze.  Baye shook his head in disgust and knelt beside his apprentice, or what was left of him.  He smiled ruefully, remembering their earlier conversation pertaining to ignominious deaths; the boy had certainly not suffered such a fate himself.  He laid a gentle hand to the shredded remains of the boy and that awful, wonderful light soon suffused the corpse, restoring the lad to his previous state, save with the addition of a joyous smile.  Baye met his wondering gaze and laughed, “now that was not an embarrassing death at all.”  He offered the lad his hand and drew him to his feet.
Jace studied the fallen monster, impressed, the thing was far more hideous and terrifying than he had at first thought.  Baye clapped his astonished apprentice on the shoulder and laughed, “well done lad, few can say they accomplished half as much on the first day of their apprenticeship.”  His unicorn informed him that their comrades were en route and he frowned, “we can’t let the others see this beast, it will only inspire questions we can’t answer.”  He touched the monstrosity and released a burst of light into the carcass.  It instantly vanished in a flash of blinding radiance and Jace gaped anew.
Four of the Brethren rode into the clearing a moment later and glanced about curiously, taking in the dead man and their bedraggled comrades.  Baye greeted them warmly, explaining, “we found the aged gentleman, who is the so-called lord of this ruin, arguing with a shadowy companion, who turned on him with his knife leaving him as you see.  I fought with the vile man and struck him a mortal blow, but as you can see, he has vanished.”
The patrol leader told off two of his men to scour the area in search of the missing fiend while the others attended to the dead man and then returned to the ruin, to see if there was aught of interest remaining there.  In the end, they never found the villain, though from Baye’s account he could not have fled far or survived long, wherever he was, so they contented themselves with that and further explored the ruin.  Long had the Lady tolerated the wretched structure so close to Astoria, purely for the sake of its inmates, but at last it could crumble to dust as it ought.  The two remaining servants had been taken back to Astoria to give their account to the Lady, leaving Jace the heir apparent of the dismal place.  Happily did he surrender it to the whims of time and weather.
The remaining patrolmen resumed their interrupted circuit while Baye and Jace continued what should have been a quiet ride through the country on a brilliant fall day.  Once they were alone, Baye said with a smile, “how was your first adventure?”
The boy returned his grin but then sobered, “who or what was that man?”
Baye said quietly, glancing about to make sure they were truly alone, “a fell worker of evil, one of a group calling themselves the Brotherhood of the Serpent, they use blood magic to bind themselves to the Enemy and gain power thereby.  They are possessed of a variety of horrid spells and are wont to ride those terrible reptiles.  We are their greatest foes, though our Brothers are a veritable nuisance to most of their plots and scheming, if inadvertently, completely unaware of the nefarious organization as they are.”
Jace frowned, “why is the Lady unaware of this shadowy nemesis?”
Baye shook his head, “the villains speak of a Time of Revelation, when all the world will know of their evil, but until then, for reasons I do not know but which our Master has decreed, we are to guard this secret as closely as we hold our own.”
Jace nodded, wondering how many more secrets he would soon be in possession of and how on earth he was to keep from accidentally giving them away.  Baye grinned, knowing his predicament, said he, “don’t worry lad, you won’t be able to betray that which must be held in confidence, unless you intend to do so, and then you will not be given the chance.  Now what do you say to a little practice?”  Jace gave him an eager look and he continued, “you need to learn to control your power, lest it inadvertently injure any bystanders.  If you are up for it, I will give you that chance.”  Jace nodded eagerly and they drew up in a quiet clearing well away from any unwitting passersby.


3

They dismounted and Baye drew his sword, said he with a grim smile, “this may be a tad unpleasant until you master this particular skill.  I am going to run you through and you must concentrate, even with death itself staring you in the face, you must hold yourself together until death or unconsciousness seize you, or until you can heal the wound.  We will repeat the process until I am certain you can do it under any circumstances, it must become second nature.  Are you ready?”  Jace nodded, smiling incredulously at the thought that he was going to just stand there waiting patiently for his mentor to kill him!  
While he had successfully managed to maintain his concentration on several occasions where it was threatened, he had also nearly lost hold of it just as often, so Baye was determined to see that he could maintain control under any and all circumstances, so it was that he would somehow injure or distract the boy, sometimes to the point of death, but more often just enough to strain his concentration.  At first the boy jauntily held his ground, fending off all attempts to thwart him with ease, but Baye continued to press him, grew ever more persistent, and at last Jace found himself on the defensive, barely hanging on, but determined not to fail.  Baye struck him one last blow, upside the head with his sword hilt, and the boy crumpled to the ground, an awful light filled the clearing as he fell.  The Messenger shook his head and knelt beside his senseless apprentice, who was radiant as the sun.
Jace gasped awake, groaned at his failure, and quickly hid the luminescence.  Baye smiled reassuringly at him, “I’m pressing you hard lad, you are doing well, but that isn’t good enough.  Are you up for more?”
Jace smiled as he gained his feet, “do your worst, sir!”  
Baye set himself for another round and for several more to follow, each time the boy managed to fend him off for longer periods of time and under more stressful or distracting circumstances.  Barely clinging to consciousness, let alone staying upright, but feeling as if he finally knew what he was doing, Jace braced himself for Baye’s final stroke as the man’s sword quickly pierced his heart.  He groaned as he fell into darkness, but the clearing remained blissfully dim in the gathering dusk.  Baye smiled down at the crumpled form proudly, that last bout had pushed them both to the limits of their endurance, and if the lad could withstand that, he should be able to maintain control under whatever conditions he encountered in the field.

Adan sat his unicorn on the far side of the clearing, a look of horror painted on his face as he watched Baye run his apprentice through the heart with his sword and then smile proudly down upon his handiwork.  The man must have felt eyes upon him, for he lifted his head and looked directly at the aghast apprentice.  Adan took up his reins, ready to flee, but the unicorn stood as if rooted to the earth.  He frowned at the shaggy head and concentrated, still awkward in his attempts to communicate with his mount through thought alone.  The faithful beast turned his head and looked at his master with one great eye, pleading for understanding as he actually took a step towards the murderer.  It seemed even the unicorn was part of the treachery this night or perhaps bewitched by the fiend!  He jumped from the saddle, hoping to make a run for it, but Baye’s unicorn blocked his path and his own told him in no uncertain terms that he must speak with the man who had just murdered his best friend.  With a sigh, he turned to face his doom with as much courage as he could muster.
Baye stood a polite distance from Adan, waiting for some sign that the boy was ready to talk.  The lad’s unicorn informed him that the boy was resigned to his fate, Baye thanked him for his help, and approached the boy.  He saw terror in Adan’s eyes but also a courage that refused to back down, even at the approach of a traitor and murderer.  He stopped a safe distance from the boy, that he might not terrify him more, and said quietly, “I am sorry you had to see that.”
Adan quivered but said in astonishment, “how is it you have not broken Oath?”
Baye grinned, good humor rather than menace filling his countenance, though unease tinged his voice, “there are some things you cannot know, lad, but things are not as they seem.”
Just then Jace dashed up, curiosity and dread burning in his eyes and so tattered and filthy that he looked as if every Student in Astoria had taken a turn at hitting him with a stick after a five mile jog through a fen, but there was no doubt he was alive and well.  Adan stared at him as if he had never seen a boy before, gasped he, “I watched you die!”
Jace exchanged a worried look with his mentor and then met Adan’s perplexed gaze, said he with a strange smile, “technically that is true.”
Adan frowned at his friend, “technically?  Either I did or I did not, which is it?  And don’t try to placate me with platitudes, I am no simpleton.”
Jace studied his boots, one seemingly determined to dig a place to hide his entire being, said he, “no, you are not, but there are some things you cannot know.”  He turned pleading eyes upon his friend, begging to be understood.
Adan shook his head in disappointment, “then I fear we are at an impasse.”
Baye said sternly, “lad, I need your word that you will keep what you have seen to yourself.”
Adan frowned, “absolutely not!  I do not understand what is going on here, but the Lady must know.”  His eyes narrowed, “or will you somehow force me to comply?”
Baye smiled sadly, “I can do nothing of the sort and you well know it, but this secret cannot be exposed, I fear if you do not intend to remain silent, things may go ill for you.”
Adan suddenly saw a vision of Brie floating through his mind and he blanched, said he, “what are you involved in?”  He stared almost accusingly at Jace, “I read those books you tried to keep hidden.  I needed a certain book and thought you had it in the pile under your bed, I found them there.  To think I thought them nothing but mathematical texts!  Whatever you are embroiled in, it is eerily similar to those fantastic stories.”
Jace gaped, “you could see what was truly written on those pages?”
Baye frowned in thought, if the boy could read the Legends, perhaps there was more to this predicament than he had thought, and a way out too.  Asked he of Adan, “what do you think is going on?”
Adan smiled wistfully, if a tad embarrassed at his own whimsy, said he, “I think the stories are true, that you two, and probably that pushy servant too, are in on something huge.”  He took a deep breath, as if to gather his courage, then blurted out, “and I want to be part of it.”
Jace gasped, “but it is not like joining the Teaching sect, you don’t just tell the Lady and everything turns out just peachy!”
“Why not?” came a singsong voice, far too melodious to be of human origin.  Jace, Baye, and the two unicorns were immediately on their knees while Adan froze in terror, a magpie perched inexplicably on his shoulder, though it was no bird but the Master Himself.  Continued the pert avian form, “are you sure this is what you want?  I have Called, you desire it, or think you do.  One of their number has just retired from this service and I am in need of a replacement, but you must know that nothing will ever again be the same.  Do you still intend to go through with this?”  Adan nodded slightly, joy in his eyes.  “So be it,” chirruped the small avian form as the Light burned forth and obliterated them all.
When they were again aware of anything but the Light, four forms still radiated the light of their Master: two men and two unicorns, but they quickly schooled themselves to normality again and exchanged looks of sheer wonder and joy.  Jace frowned, “where is Adan?”
Baye shook his head, “the same place you were when you were supposed to be in the dungeon.  He likely won’t reappear for several days.”  He grinned impishly at his apprentice, “which will give you a chance to practice another important skill.  How would you like to impersonate your friend?”  Jace’s astonishment was all Baye could have hoped, continued he, “as my apprentice, your schedule is mine to determine, so folks won’t much notice if you aren’t around, but if an unattached apprentice suddenly goes missing, people will start talking.  Will you do it?”
Jace frowned in bafflement, but nodded, as Baye began explaining that it was a skill akin to that of a unicorn’s ability to drape himself in whatever guise best suited him at the moment, albeit it must be something of vaguely the same shape and size.  As Baye explained, Jace’s smile grew and his eyes danced in eagerness, but before they could give it a try, he asked, “how are the unicorns a part of this?”
Baye gave him a patient smile as he suddenly changed the subject, but said, “why don’t you practice what I have just preached while I explain that part of things.  Are you trying to learn everything in one day?”  Jace grinned mischievously in reply but did as he was bidden, trying on various guises, as Baye continued, “the unicorns with which we are partnered are as unique among their kindred as we are.  You have yet to meet your future partner, but when you do, you will not be parted until one of you decides to quit the mortal sphere forever or until the end of time, whichever happens first.  The creatures maintain most of their native gifts, but also gain various skills and talents with which you will become acquainted in future, for I need not reveal everything tonight.”
He watched the boy for a few minutes, offered some advice on how to improve matters, and then continued, “they do lose their ability to trade their lives for ours, should we be mortally wounded, which is rather moot in our current occupation as death is no longer a major factor, but rather an annoying acquaintance that pops up from time to time, usually when he needs money or wants to borrow something.”  Jace gaped at this irreverent reference to something so serious as death, but then laughed outright, for it was no longer the greatest enemy of his mortality as it once had been.  It was no longer the end of everything he knew, but rather a nuisance to be dealt with when necessary and otherwise ignored.
Then a thought occurred to him, “you said I could heal myself?”
Baye laughed, “you are determined to learn everything tonight, aren’t you?”
Jace grinned sheepishly, “only as much as possible, but there is always tomorrow I suppose.”
Shaking his head in wonder at the lad’s voracious appetite for knowledge, he said, “when wounded, you can heal yourself, though it must be done in a way that will not draw attention to your curious nature.”  He paused significantly and said, “on occasion, you may also be allowed to heal others, much as a unicorn may take on another’s wounds as his own, though the unicorn usually dies in process.”
Jace frowned, “sometimes?”
Baye nodded, “in certain circumstances it is allowed or vital to our mission, but if done too often or in the wrong way, it will draw attention to things that should remain hidden.  You will know when the time is right.”
As Jace mulled this over, another thought occurred to him, “how is it that Adan’s mount refused to run and actually took a step towards you when Adan was certain you were some sort of murderous fiend?”
Said, said murderous fiend with a grin, “you are perceptive lad, perhaps a little too much for comfort, this will be your last question for the moment, else we’ll be here all night, that and we’ll have nothing to talk about over the next year or three.  We have the ability to speak to and fully understand all unicorns, not just our particular companions as our comrades do, nor are we impeded in understanding, as is common when a man is trying to understand exactly what his mount is trying to convey.  I merely asked the creature to wait and he complied, well aware of the Shadow even if our comrades are not.  It can be quite a handy skill in numerous circumstances, especially when trying to track down a missing Brother.”  He looked significantly at the boy and said, “that is a topic we will discuss at length another time, now, ‘Adan,’ we had best get back to Astoria, as the Lady sent you in search of us, thinking I might be overdoing it with you just out of a sickbed, and before you ask, yes, I gained that insight from our quadrupedal companion.”
Jace, doing an admirable impression of Adan, smiled impishly and then thought to try his hand at another new skill, thinking at Adan’s unicorn and asking if he might mooch a ride.  The creature snorted his eager approval, thinking the charade would be rather fun, especially since his own master was going to be absent for a time.  They mounted up and rode home, towards which Jace’s horse had long since bolted in all the excitement.  Asked Jace of his mentor as they rode along, “so what has come of your actual apprentice, if anyone inquires in the course of this charade?”
Baye smiled villainously and the boy suddenly wondered if his incessant questions might be pushing the man over the edge, but he said quite seriously, “Jace is out on some errand or other, perhaps a training exercise in the woods?”
The faux Adan grinned, “after that encounter with his father, that would not be a bad idea.  He probably needs a little time to think things through.”  He frowned, “what do you think my father had embroiled himself in?  He was not exactly a man with any sort of social aspirations, that old fortress was all his pride and joy, far more than even his own family.”  He smiled sadly in remembrance, “he cast me out because I would not dedicate my life to its continued construction.”
Baye said thoughtfully, “I suppose that villain was interested in the structure itself, perhaps promising to complete it if your father would allow him to use it as he would.  It would be quite a strategic outpost for our enemies to maintain, especially if we were unaware of it.  That dismal place will bear watching until it has rotted beyond use or interest.”
By now they had reached the outskirts of the city that had grown up around the original walls of Astoria and they turned to less interesting topics, to themselves as well as to anyone bored enough to try listening in.  They dismounted in the courtyard, dismissing the unicorns to be about their own business, and entered the keep, just in time for the evening meal.  Baye said in parting, “I will check on you from time to time in the coming days until your friend returns and is able to get out of bed, but until then, you are he and will do as he would do.  I’ll see that you get a copy of his schedule, but I think you know him well enough to play the part.”  He grinned a bit too rascally for Jace’s comfort, and said, “just don’t do anything that might attract attention, be as low key as possible.”  He raised his eyebrows and Jace nodded his full agreement, wondering what it was the man was worried about.  ‘Adan’ went in to dinner while Baye went to attend to other matters.
Hawk greeted him as he was trying to decide where to sit, said he in some surprise, “Jace has been assigned a mentor already!  The boy is barely out of his sickbed, only numbered among the Brethren for a few days, and already he is paired up with the most renowned of the Messengers!”
Jace shrugged indifferently as he sat beside his companion, “the Lady has her reasons, who are we to question them?”  He smiled ruefully, “we least of all.”
Hawk smiled sheepishly and said, “you are right, I should not be questioning the Lady’s judgment or spreading gossip.  I guess I am just a little impatient for my own adventures to begin.”
Jace laughed, “aren’t we all?  But that day will come far quicker than we can imagine and then we may long for the days of peace and study!  Come friend, are you in that much of a hurry to spend the next century sleeping rough and seeing your friends but rarely?”  Hawk smiled his incredulity at this obvious sense but did not answer, for Briane and Ella approached, intent on joining them.
After an exchange of greetings, Ella asked for Briane’s benefit, “where is Jace?”
The apprentices exchanged a knowing look before Jace replied, “he was paired up with a mentor today.  Who knows what the man has him doing?”
Briane exclaimed, “he’s barely out of a sickbed!  He hardly has the endurance to walk across the courtyard, let alone to go jaunting about the countryside on some bizarre training exercise.”
Jace smiled in amusement, actually he felt quite ready to do just that or far more, despite his recent trials, several encounters with death, and everything else he had endured in the last twelve hours alone.  Ella raised her eyebrows and said sternly, “you find this funny Adan?  Have you no compassion for your friend and Brother?”
Jay joined them and asked with a smile, “what has Adan done now, my lady?”
She gave him a cold, imperious look, spurning his suit for the thousandth time though he seemed impervious to the idea that any woman could reject him.  She refused to speak to him on general principle, he wasn’t nobly born after all, and his open and unwanted pursuit of her hand had mortally wounded their friendship.  Brie spoke up, amazingly perceptive of what was happening around her despite her blindness, said she, “Adan is showing far too little concern for my poor brother’s difficult situation.”
Jay smirked, “I believe the almighty Jace will somehow manage.  At least if his reputation is half what it used to be, now he’s very nearly forgotten.”  He shrugged as if Jace’s loss was his gain, “but that’s what comes of mortal glory I suppose.”  He eyed the apprentices, as if he found their very existence a joke, “but you fellows want nothing to do with such mundane issues anyway, so it is of little matter.”  He smiled at Ella, “can I get you some dessert, my lady?”
Her answering look might have frozen water but did nothing to faze Jay.  She turned her attention back to Brie, “speaking of trying times, what of you my dear?  This cannot be easy for you, is there aught else we can do to assist you in your distress?”
Briane smiled wryly, “it is certainly not easy, but I brought it upon myself, prying into matters that were none of my business.”  She sighed heavily, “and I shall likely rue it all my days.”  She brightened slightly, “but it has also taught me how dear my friends truly are, how fragile and fleeting is life, and how blessed I am, even when I have been dealt a grievous blow.”
The entire table stared at her, as if she were a complete stranger, for never had they thought to hear such words from this fierce, stubborn girl.  Ella was speechless for the first time in her life, but at last managed to stutter, “that is quite the revelation, my dear!”
Briane smiled ironically, but there was no bitterness in her voice, just grim amusement, “it took blindness to truly make me see.  I have always been completely self-reliant and strong, never weak or helpless, I never needed anyone else, until now; I now realize how utterly wrong I was and hope you can forgive me?”
Again they stared at her as if she had lost her mind, only the two apprentices seemed to understand the changes so suddenly wrought in this young woman they thought they knew so well, but it had all been a facade, an act, underneath was a girl on the brink of womanhood, confused, angry, and scared, who pretended to be fierce and strong and stubborn to protect her fragile heart from an indifferent world.  Her brother’s sudden transformation had been but a chink in her armor, her experience in the dungeon was the fatal arrow that pierced that small, vulnerable hole.
Ella said in some trepidation, “come dear heart, you have been through so much of late, do not dwell so upon such weighty ideas until you are whole of heart, body, and mind once more.  Do not make any rash decisions you might rue for the rest of your life.”
Briane said quietly, “when am I supposed to dwell upon such important matters?  In the carefree, heedlessness of youth and health?  I think not, I have come to realize what an insipid little thing I once was, but no more.  A rash decision you call it?  Is that what you fear, dear Ella, or is it that your own heart cries out for this very thing yet your mind quails in horror at the mere thought and will do anything to avoid such a doom, even to those closest to you?”  She turned towards the faux Adan and whispered, “the reason I was so furious with you when you took your Oath was not that I felt spurned, but rather that I was bitterly jealous, for I wanted that very thing for myself, in my heart of hearts, yet I would not admit it, even to myself.”  She smiled ruefully, “but now that I am blind, I see at last.”  Tears tinged her voice, “can you forgive me?”
Jace wanted to embrace his sister then and there, proud of her as he had never been before, but knew as Adan, the gesture would be completely inappropriate, said he, no little touched, “of course, dear Brie.”
She smiled sadly, “I must speak with the Lady upon the matter, but I think I know what I shall make of my life.”  Her smile grew warm as a thought suddenly occurred to her, “the Lady!  She is no milksop, the Brethren may perhaps be a fit home for me after all.”
The apprentices shook their heads at this common misperception while Ella actually deigned to exchange a horrified look with Jay at losing yet another friend to the inevitable draw of these fanatics about them.  Both suddenly began to wonder if they should seriously think about quitting Astoria ere their own fall to such nonsense was imminent.  If both Brie and Jace could be drawn in, anyone could.  Jay mentally began to count the days until his father’s merchant train returned and Ella wondered how close she was to securing an acceptable match from amongst the noble sons in Astoria.  On this uneasy note, the small company broke up, the apprentices agreeing to accompany Brie back to her room while Jay and Ella fled in opposite directions, as if the others carried plague.
Jace was glad for Hawk’s presence, it meant he would not be put in an awkward situation with his sister when she thought him her formerly beloved.  They walked her to her door, bid her goodnight, and then walked quietly back to their own quarters, each lost in his own thoughts and neither wishing to return to the boisterous jollity that was typical after supper amongst the Students.  Jace returned to his room and gratefully shut the door behind him, for he had much to think over and a hopeful thought was growing in his heart, but he wanted to discuss the matter with Baye before he let his imagination run wild with eagerness.


4

Baye found ‘Adan’ at breakfast the next morning, a knowing and highly amused light in his eyes, but he said casually, “how goes it lad?”
The pseudo Adan smiled broadly, returned the man’s greetings, and resumed his attentions to his porridge while Baye continued on his way, nearly tripping over a servant sent to fetch him for the Lady.  He smiled sheepishly at the man, who seemed rather aghast at this grievous breach of protocol, but soon recovered enough of his dignity to lead the man to his mistress.  Baye made the proper courtesies and soon stood before the Lady in her formal audience chamber, said she after an interminable silence, “where is your apprentice?”
Baye tried to smile easily, but it was obvious the expression was forced, said he with a sigh, “he is well Lady, have no fear in that regard.”
She raised her eyebrows at this intentional avoidance of her question as she continued, “I sent Adan out to find you both yesterday when I feared you had kept Jace out beyond his endurance.  You returned with Adan but Jace remains unaccounted for since the incident in that disreputable fortress alongside the river.  Did something happen when he returned to his old home or in confronting his father?  I would like his input before passing sentence on the two prisoners taken in the debacle, they are half convinced we are all of us possessed.”
Baye looked remarkably uncomfortable but said at last, “I will send the lad to you immediately my Lady, but I intended to have him practice some of the skills we have been working on of late.”
She looked at him in astonishment, “of late?  He has been in your keeping barely a day!  Whatever you intend for him, do not push him too hard, remember what it is he has endured.”
Baye said wryly, “I do not mean to interfere, my Lady, but I know far more of this matter than you.  Fear not, I shall not push him beyond his endurance.”  He smiled proudly, “he is far stronger than most give him credit for.”
She sighed, but said, “very well, but send him to me as soon as may be.”  She shook her head in exasperation, “oh, that someone would tell me what is going on!”  He bowed and made a hasty retreat, wondering how best to continue their charade with none the wiser.  He knocked on the boy’s door, but no one answered; he must be in class.  Racking his mind, he tried to remember where Adan was scheduled to be at that particular hour.  Smiling at his own ineptness, he hied himself down to visit the man who kept the Student and Apprentice schedules.  After a brief inquiry, it was a small matter to track down the supposed Adan between his first and second class.  They slipped into a small sitting room, talked briefly of Baye’s predicament, and emerged as entirely different people: Jace as himself and Baye the new Adan impersonator.  Jace ran off to see the Lady while ‘Adan’ continued on his way, hoping no one paid him any heed in the hours to come.

The Lady was rather surprised to see Jace so soon, having assumed Baye had him secreted in some distant location or had perhaps lost him altogether, as he had not been seen entering either the city or the castle.  After the servant announced him and he stood before her, offering the proper courtesies, she asked rather curiously, “how do you fare with all that has happened?  Your trial in the dungeon, the death of your father, whatever it is your mentor has you doing?”  She smiled wryly, “you have had a very busy week it seems.”
Jace returned her smile, still rather awkward in her presence, but after having met the Master Himself, dying several times already, and the myriad other things that had jammed themselves remarkably into so short a period of time, the Lady of Astoria was no longer so frightening a legend, especially when she occasionally let slip little signs of humor, frustration, and curiosity, showing that she was truly human.  Said he at last, “I am doing very well Lady, have no fear that my mentor is pushing me too hard or beyond my endurance.  I am eager to experience and learn all I can under his competent tutelage.”
She heard the truth in his voice and was rather impressed at his vigor after all he had been through, but she was certain she had not heard all nor the worst of it.  “Very well,” said she, “I am in need of your input as regards the fate of your father’s former servants.  I understand they raised you?”
The boy nodded, agape that she would request his input on anything, especially when someone’s life hung in the balance.  She smiled at her continued ability to disconcert him, she had not lost her touch at least, saying at last, “what can you tell me of their character, your father’s influence upon them, their attack upon my servants, and so forth?”
Jace went on to outline how dedicated the pair was to his family down through the generations and of his father’s obsession with that accursed fortress, of his deteriorating mental state and increasing paranoia and its influence on his servants, and of his orders regarding the protection of his property and its perimeter.  He finished rather ruefully, “they are both convinced this is a city of demons and their worshippers.  They have known me since birth, raised me in fact, yet they felt no qualms in shooting arrows at us when we were not threating the fortress and in assaulting us with unique but deadly implements on several occasions.  They were driven by fear and thought themselves faithful to my father’s orders, but what is to be done with them I do not know.”
The Lady frowned slightly, “unique but deadly implements?”
The boy grinned sheepishly, “a frying pan to the head can be quite effective if wielded by a skilled foe.”
She laughed heartily at this and then smiled, “would you allow me to have the prisoners brought up that you might speak with them briefly?”
Jace grew suddenly awkward, shifting from foot to foot, they knew Baye had somehow come back to life and that he had been in similar straits himself.  His presence would only convince them further that the whole of the Brethren were guilty of the worse sorts of magic.  The Lady saw his distress and said, “I understand that this must be hard for you, we may forgo the interview if you prefer?”
Jace nodded gladly, “it would not be in their best interest or mine Lady, they are convinced I am not the boy they once knew but rather a demon in his skin.”
The Lady nodded gravely, “I understand.  Their crimes are serious, but also driven by an irrational fear, social isolation, and a mentally unstable master, thus I must carefully consider what justice requires.  Thank you for your assistance.”  The boy bowed deeply and hastened from the room, hoping to find ‘Adan’ before Baye made some inadvertent but terrible blunder that would permanently ruin his reputation.  He smiled impishly as he ran, thinking that perhaps Adan had already done that by joining the Brethren.  
He nearly collided with his sister, as a servant led her by the hand to her interview with the Lady.  Said he in unfeigned joy, “Brie!”
She smiled sadly at him but said, “I suppose Adan told you all that happened last evening?”
He replied, “I am well aware of the situation, are you sure about this?”
She sighed, “very much so, I just wish I need not be a burden upon the Brethren or anyone else.”
He said quietly, “the records are full of tales concerning numerous individuals who suffered various hindrances to ‘normality,’ you are no burden my dear, whatever betide!”  He squeezed her shoulder in encouragement and she gave him a brave smile, urging the servant to lead on, lest they be late.  Jace frowned after her, wondering what had just happened, he had felt a pulse of power flow out of himself and into his sister.  A small smile touched the corner of his lips as understanding dawned.  He laughed for very joy, causing a passing servant to give him an odd look, but he did not care and dashed off to find ‘Adan.’
He found ‘Adan’ leaving the stable after a heady hour of forking manure, which Jace found vastly amusing but Baye did not, though the former tried desperately to hide his mirth, lest he suffer a similar fate.  They vanished again into an unoccupied chamber and emerged in their former roles.  Baye said in parting, “let us hope this business will soon be at an end.  I hope the Lady is satisfied?”
Jace grinned, “most certainly.”  He then told of the incident involving his sister.
Baye frowned thoughtfully but smiled, “I think you have the right of it lad, who will be the more surprised do you suppose?  Your sister, the Lady, or your skeptical friends?”  He added at the last, “you had best make an appearance as yourself sometime tonight, just to keep any suspicious parties from guessing our game.”  Jace nodded and waited several minutes before following his mentor out of the room and heading for the noon meal.
As he sat over lunch, mulling over one of Adan’s favorite books, a shriek of sheer joy rent the relative peace of the dining hall.  Jace looked up expectantly and saw Briane running into the room with none to guide her and a look of utter wonder on her face and life in her eyes.  Well-wishers and curiosity seekers alike soon engulfed her, eager to hear the tale while she frantically scanned the crowd for her closest friends and family.  Juliene appeared at the kitchen door and smiled knowingly while Ella seemed rather relieved, if reluctant to face the exuberant insults of such a crowd to give her congratulations and ask if this meant Brie would reconsider her foolish thought of taking up with the Brethren, as she was no longer desperate.  But the ecstatic smile she broadcast to ‘Adan’ was all the confirmation Jace needed that she was still intent on her purpose, perhaps now more so than before.  
He closed his book and withdrew quickly from the room, hoping to return shortly as himself, but Hawk met him in the hall with a slight crease in his brow, said he, “what are your intentions towards Briane?”
‘Adan’ gaped, how was he to answer such a question when he was not who his questioner thought he was?  But then he realized there could be but one answer, said he, “she will always be as a sister to me but can be nothing more than a dear friend.”
Hawk smiled openly, clapped ‘Adan’ on the shoulder, and said in parting, “that’s all I need know, thanks!”  And then he vanished into the dining hall.  Jace grinned wryly, Adan was going to kill him, but the man would just have to deal with it, they were not allowed to marry after all.  His smile deepened, at least if his best friend did have murderous tendencies the condition would not be permanent.  He reined in his amusement and hastened to his room lest someone else delay him with life altering questions.
Jace returned to the dining hall as himself, the crowd parting to let him approach his delighted sister, she beamed, “what a little fool I have been!”
Jace smiled delightedly, “of all people, little sister,” she gave him an annoyed glance but chose to ignore the comment, “I certainly understand.  It took staring death in the face, nay dwelling momentarily in the abyss, to waken me to the reality of my precarious position.  You were wise enough to see with a mere loss of sight.”
She grinned triumphantly at him and said, “I will be taking my Oath tomorrow, will you and Adan be able to make it?”  She put a special emphasis on Adan’s name, which nearly broke his heart.
Said he, “we will, if at all possible.”  Her smile was joy itself.


5

The Students remained in the dining hall long after curfew, listening to and celebrating the wondrous tale, only a grim few murmuring that a truly benevolent god would not have inflicted blindness upon the poor girl in the first place, but even their muttering could not dampen her joy.  Eventually the entire crew had to be routed forcibly to bed by various of the Brethren and several of the servants.  Jace returned happily to his room, in guise again as Adan, as they both needed to make an appearance that night.  He jumped in surprise to find both Jared and Baye in his room, with a soundly sleeping Adan upon the bed.
Jared studied his disguise with approval, turning to Baye to comment, “the lad certainly has a knack for it my friend.”
Baye laughed quietly, “nay sir, it must be the teacher.”
Jace smiled happily down at his returned friend and then skewered his mentor with a concerned frown, “my sister is expecting us both at the Oathtaking tomorrow.”
Baye grinned, “you have never actually been to one, have you?”
Jace shook his head, “no, but Adan will be in no shape to go, will he?”
Jared replied, “nay lad, you two will have to go in disguise or find a good excuse for one of you to miss it.”  He smiled warmly, “congratulations on your sister’s recovery!”
Jace sighed happily, “our Master is gracious indeed!”
Baye smiled like the rascal he was, “why does it take death and infirmity before your stubborn kinfolk even consider the most important things in life?”
Jace smiled wryly, “sheer and utter stubbornness my friend, learn well from our mistakes.”  He sighed heavily, “by the way, my sister and Adan are rather fond of one another, if you go tomorrow, you might be in the unenviable position of breaking her heart.”
Baye scowled, “I’d rather go back to the stables.  I think you can honestly tell people Adan is ill and unable to leave his bed.”
Jace smiled sadly, “it would certainly be the truth, even if it disappoints my sister dreadfully.”
Jared shook his head, “it will be a far worse heartbreak to hear the words from someone who is not the beloved and only pretending to be.”
They all agreed what must be done in the coming days, and gratefully did the elder pair withdraw from the cramped room, while Jace settled into the vacant chair with a smile, wondering if this was how Adan felt in his own vigil only a few days prior, yet it seemed an age had passed in the interim.  
He must have dozed off, for the sun was shining brightly through the window when next he looked about the tiny room.  He stood, stretched, and smiled to see Adan still sleeping like one dead.  Then the sound came again, a knock upon the door, which had awakened the slumbering apprentice from his indifferent sleep.  He opened the door to find a servant bearing a breakfast tray for the both of them and a message of assurance that it was quite alright if Adan spent the day abed, sick as he was, and also that someone would be sent to sit with the invalid during the Oathtaking if Jace wished to attend, to which Jace readily agreed, seeing as it was an event he had never yet witnessed, apprentice though he was.  He thanked the man, took the tray, and sent him on his way.
Whether it was the smell of food or the brief commotion, Jace did not know, but Adan roused long enough to eat something before falling comatose once more.  Jace shook his head ruefully, wondering if he had been that bad after his own experience, remembering little of those days and more grateful to his sleeping friend than words could express, especially when he had no idea what ailed his friend at the time.  He settled down to his own breakfast and some long neglected reading while Adan slept on.
The day passed interminably, but at last Jared appeared at the door, which surprised the boy no end, that the very Captain of the Shadow would sit with a mere apprentice.  He grinned affably at the gaping boy, said he, “one of the servants was to sit with the lad, how could I trust such a vigil to a layman?  Off with you, or your sister will have both our heads.”  They both grinned at the truth in that last statement, but Jace wasted no time in complying, hastening off to the courtyard and the enclosed lawn that lay adjacent to it.
A great rent marred the otherwise pristine hillside, where once, long ago, the most terrible and wondrous event in the history of the world had taken place: deity had taken on flesh and mortality, to die that men might live.  Jace’s heart leapt in grateful joy as he remembered the tale and gazed upon the narrow chasm where the hilltop had been rent asunder as creation itself violently protested the death of its Maker.  But death could not hold Him and was itself overthrown, and ever since had the Brethren proclaimed that joyous message far and wide, pursued justice, defended the helpless, and promoted peace between individuals and nations.  And of this great legacy, Jace was now a part.  He glanced at his comrades, gathering on the far end of the chasm, its narrowest point, his smile a strange mix of sadness and joy, as he realized while he did have a part in their tale, he was not a full partaker in their society, heir of secrets that he was.
He felt a firm, comforting hand on his shoulder and smiled gratefully up into the knowing gaze of his mentor, who said quietly, “you’re not alone lad, we are part of something far greater than you can yet comprehend, aye, something none this side of eternity can know in full, but it will be a grand tale when once it is told.  We stand apart from other men, a result of both our curious nature and covert occupation, but we are never outside our Master’s keeping.  You will see all those you once knew pass into memory to be replaced by a new and strange generation, only to be repeated ever and anon until the end of time, but our Master does not change nor does His strength fail.  Take heart lad, for we are in His keeping.”
He grew silent as they drew near their comrades and joined the cluster of those come to witness the day’s ceremony.  The initiates stood on one side of the chasm while the Lady, her unicorn, and an assistant stood on the other, she intoned, “millennia ago, in this very spot, the Master Himself was slain to prevent the shedding of innocent blood.  Death could not keep Him hostage and still His presence and power are strong in the world that fell from innocence that fateful night.  But He no longer intervenes directly in the affairs of men, but works through His servants to accomplish His plans.  You are gathered here to enter into that service.  It is not something to be taken lightly, for it will consume your entire life and may even cost you your life one day.  If any here so wishes, they may withdraw at this time.”  No one moved.  She continued, “very well.  Let the Oathtaking begin.”
The Lady’s unicorn stepped forward as the Lady produced an ancient tool and used it to draw forth a stream of silver blood from the creature’s great neck vein.  An assistant caught the precious fluid in a cup while the Lady stemmed the silver flow with a few expert stitches.  The unicorn stepped back as if nothing out of the ordinary had taken place.
She said, “you have come today to swear an Oath before all here assembled.  To serve none but the Master, His laws and truth, and those appointed by Him to oversee said Truth.  You swear to forsake all personal possessions, dreams, and aspirations.  You swear to dedicate your lives to His service alone; to uphold justice, peace, and love for others.  You swear to lay down your life, if need be, in defense of the helpless and the Truth.  You swear to abide by the Common Law, the Truth, and the laws of the Brethren.  You swear not to enter into marriage with any save one who has also sworn this Oath.  You do not swear to be perfect, but to try your best and overcome your weaknesses.  You may forsake this Oath at any time of your own choosing or you will be forsaken by the Brethren and the Master if you grievously and intentionally violate the tenets you have sworn herein and upon such occasion you shall lose all rights, responsibilities, and privileges acquired by the taking of this Oath.”  
She looked solemnly at each of them and said, “does any here have any doubts or questions about what the Oath entails?”  Again no one spoke.  “Then come forward and if you swear the Oath, step across the crevice and say so before the assembled witnesses and the Master Himself.  If any wish to forego the Oath, let him leave now.”  Again no one moved.  “Then you may take your Oath,” said she.  Individually, each candidate stepped across the crevice and said, “I so swear.”  As they did so, each applicant took a drop of the silver blood on their tongue and completed the ceremony.  The only overt physical change any of them noticed was that anyone who had also taken the Oath now appeared to have a faint glow about them, allowing the Brethren to distinguish their fellows.  Once the last candidate had taken their Oath, the assembled Brethren gave a cheer and eagerly greeted their new comrades. 
Briane ran up to Jace, glowing with wonder, but her face fell slightly when she could not find Adan amongst the gathered witnesses.  Jace said quietly, “he would have been here if he possibly could have, but he is unable to leave his bed.”
She sighed heavily, quickly swallowed her disappointment, then looked into her brother’s eyes, smiling sadly, “perhaps it is for the best.”  
He drew her into a long hug, then smiled down at her with tears of joy in his eyes, “welcome home, dearest Brie!”
She smiled joyously up at him, her heartache momentarily forgotten.  She dropped her gaze, looked up again with a slight, contented smile, before breaking into a wholehearted grin as she saw something over Jace’s shoulder.  Hawk stepped forward, bowed formally to Briane, nodded to Jace, and then addressed the lady, holding out his arm, “might I have the honor of escorting you to dinner, my lady?”
She blushed like a sunset while studying her feet, but nodded eagerly, gave Jace an apologetic smile, and took Hawk’s offered arm.  Jace shook his head, but smiled, saying, “I had best get back to Adan, I want to be there when he wakes up.”  He nodded his farewell and dashed off, leaving the pair talking in quiet but animated tones as they meandered off to the evening meal.  It seemed there was hope for Briane’s tempestuous heart yet.

Adan slept for the rest of the day, waking only to eat, thus did Jace pass the evening in relative peace and obscurity, but the new Apprentices did anything but, sitting at the Lady’s table in a place of honor, beaming like the new risen sun in their excitement and joy.  Hawk was at Briane’s side the moment she rose from her place while Jace and Adan were nowhere to be seen, a sign she felt somehow prophetic of things to come, that somehow they must now grow apart, but she laid aside this disquieting thought as she took Hawk’s arm and allowed him to escort her off to one side of the room where a few of the older apprentices had gathered, however they were not to make it to their intended destination without a delay or two.
Ella was the first to waylay them, she glared imperiously at Hawk, as if he were the one importuning her rather than vice versa, said she stonily to Briane, “I see you actually went through with it.  Congratulations, I guess.  I had hoped that you would abandon this nonsense after you regained your sight, but if it makes you happy, I suppose I ought to be happy for you.”
Briane smiled in that infuriating way peculiar to herself, Jace, and Juliene, but said sincerely, “I only hope you can be as happy one day Ella.  I thank you for your congratulations, such as they are.”
Ella did not exactly flounce away, as such would not befit a lady of breeding, but it was a near thing.  The apprentices exchanged an amused look and then took a step closer to their destination, but it was Juliene’s turn to offer her heartfelt and sincere congratulations, said she with only mild annoyance, “where is that rapscallion of a brother of yours?  He should be the first to offer his congratulations!”
Briane shook her head in exasperation, “Adan is apparently ill and he is determined to ward the sickbed.”  She smiled in amusement, “perhaps to ward off death itself?”
Juliene did a fair impression of her daughter’s act of exasperation, crossing her arms she sighed, “why am I not surprised.”  Warming slightly as she changed the subject, she continued, “I just wanted to let you know how truly proud of you I am.”  Tears of joy sparkled unshed in her eyes, “and at long last I have found the peace and joy I once sought in my girlhood faith, but abandoned as futile when sorrow and trials came upon me, thinking somehow I would be spared such things in exchange for believing.”  She smiled sadly in remembrance, “but such is the lot of all men, rather than sparing us sorrow, our faith gives it meaning and a hope beyond grief, that one day all things will be set right; it lends us strength and comfort until that distant day.”  She kissed Briane lightly on the forehead, gave her a parting smile, and silently withdrew.
Juliene had hardly stepped away when Jay approached, glaring stonily at Hawk, he addressed Briane with a lopsided, roguish grin, “it isn’t too late you know.  You could still come away with me, enjoy the freedom of the road, and be mistress of your own destiny.  My father’s merchant train could come any day, I cannot wait forever!”
She tried not to glower at his insolence, but said as calmly and pleasantly as she could, “I appreciate your fervor, Jay, but I am quite content with my decision and hope you can be so yourself in days to come.”
He shrugged, as if it were of no matter to himself, and went to speak to another girl of his acquaintance, eager to secure a lady’s affections ere his father returned, knowing it would be far harder to find a prospective bride amidst the alternating isolation and chaos that was the life of a traveling merchant.  He still clung to a small, desperate hope that Ella might yet acknowledge his existence, but he was also of a practical turn of mind, and knew if she continued to slight him, he might well wait forever and still nothing would happen, so he decided to actively pursue a wife elsewhere, who knows, maybe she would grow jealous and thus pursue him herself.  It was a dream, if a mortally wounded one.  Briane and Hawk were finally allowed to cross the dining room and thus finish their epic journey.

Adan awoke the following day to a state of semi-rationality, though still rather spacey and unable to focus on anything for very long.  Jace welcomed him heartily back to the realm of the living, but refrained from pressing him for details as to how he felt about everything, but rather spent the day in insipid conversation centering on the weather and equally benign topics, for he was still in a delicate state and had the philosophical capacity of a small child, with a temper and patience to match.  Jace wondered anew at his friend’s patient vigil during his own convalescence when he knew nothing of the matter.  That was friendship indeed!  Thus did the day pass quietly.
The next morning brought a very nearly normal Adan awake with the first rays of dawn; he smiled joyously at his just waking roommate and received the same in return.  Said Jace as he stretched and yawned, “am I finally able to leave the room?”
Adan quipped back, “turn about is fair play, my friend.  I would say we are now even, but yes, I would happily go abroad this morning.”  He grinned, “which day is it, anyway?”
Jace threw a pillow at him but quickly apprised him of all that had happened during his indisposition, as he readied himself for the day.  Adan sat quietly, contemplating all his friend said, especially concerning Briane.  Said he at last, “poor girl!  At last we see eye to eye, and yet I am still lost to her.”
Jace smiled slightly, “I would not worry too much over her sad plight, I think she was already resigned to the fact long ago.”  His smile became mischievous, “besides, our friend Hawk seems determined to win the forsaken lady’s heart and she is not indifferent to his attentions.”  Said he with a sigh, “I think she has given us both up for lost causes!”
Adan nodded, “a sundering from our closest friends and kin is not a bad thing, I think, considering our current occupation.”  He smiled teasingly, “at least you are not completely bereft of friends, though I must say you tried valiantly to be well rid of me.”
Jace wore a mock scowl, “and I would have succeeded too, had you not poked your nose in where it least belonged.”
They shared a laugh, then Adan shrugged, “well, as long as we are stuck with one another, what say you to a little breakfast?”
They headed to the dining hall, where they found Jay still trying to woo every female of his acquaintance with no apparent success.  He was growing desperate, as his father’s arrival was imminent, for the man was as consistent as the moon in its phases when it came to his yearly route, always arriving in the same town on the same day, year after year.  Jay sat sullenly by himself, glowering over his oatmeal, scanning the room for any young lady to whom he had not yet paid court.  Adan and Jace sat on either side of him, grinning like maniacs.  He glared at them, mostly out of annoyance that Briane had been the first to reject him, which he blamed as setting the precedent for his subsequent failures.  Said he at last to the irksome pair, “unless you can use your vaunted skills to conjure me a bride, I have no time for fraternizing.”
They exchanged a surprised and disappointed look, took up their trays, and bid their annoyed companion good day, even as he found the forty seventh object of his affections.  They settled at a small table in a forgotten corner, only to have Briane discover them immediately.  She studied them with an all too knowing smile and said at last, “so the bedridden man emerges at last.”
Adan smiled sheepishly around a spoonful of cereal and said, “hello Brie.”
She held out her hand, suddenly bashful, and as he took it, she said, “we are still friends, right?”
He smiled wholeheartedly and she relaxed, saying, “good, I don’t think we can be anything but, however.”
He stared at her in astonishment, thinking he was the one who would have to sever the romantic ties between them, if any yet remained; he recovered himself and said, “nay dear heart, you are now my sister, always and forever.”
She smiled gratefully at him, gave her brother a playful wink, and then dashed off to where Hawk and his friends sat on the far side of the room, leaving the mystified pair in her wake.  They exchanged a befuddled, but relieved look, and then returned to the business at hand: breakfast.
Baye found them shortly thereafter, said he with curiosity in his voice, “we are summoned to the Lady, my lads, off we go.”  They stood, obediently following after, wondering what this audience portended.


6

They entered the Lady’s presence with all the proper formalities while she studied them as if she were not quite certain what to do with them, for in truth she was not.  Said she as they straightened from their bows, “I have been informed, Baye,” said she with only slight exasperation, “that you are in need of not one, but two apprentices, to keep you out of trouble.  What ever it is you are up to, you had best take Adan with you.”  Almost pleadingly, she asked, “and keep me informed as much as you can.”  Baye bowed his acquiescence, feeling rather sorry for the Lady, who no doubt felt her authority trampled under foot by a certain intrepid servant with no further explanation forthcoming.
As they retreated from the Lady’s audience chamber, Baye turned to his apprentices and said, “I am sure we’ll soon be off, as it is rare that I am in Astoria this long.  That being said, Adan, there are things you must learn ere we leave.”  Jace grinned like a fool, knowing he would get to help teach Adan at least one vital skill; Baye gave him a patient look but shook his head in amusement as they made their way out of the castle.  Said he as they rode out of Astoria, “let us hope we have no more inadvertent witnesses, I do not need three apprentices!”
Adan proved a far better student in the area of concentration than Jace, which was not surprising as he had always been the thoughtful, level-headed one of the pair.  Jace unfortunately did not realize his hope of helping Baye teach Adan to concentrate, rather the moment they were outside the city, a unicorn in all his unveiled glory galloped directly up to him, terrifying his poor horse so much that the beast threw his rider and dashed headlong back to the city, leaving Jace to pick himself up and confront the creature.  Baye said in farewell, “we’ll leave you two to get acquainted,” he grinned, “and maybe he can teach you how to properly sit a horse.”  They continued on their way and Jace gave the overly amused unicorn a significant look, which he roundly ignored.  With a sigh, Jace approached the wondrous creature, but the stallion easily sidestepped and avoided any contact with the boy.  He gave the boy a teasing glance, tossed his head eagerly, and challenged the lad to catch him.
Frowning in annoyance, but soon catching the creature’s playful spirit, he raced after the unicorn as he hastened for the woods.  Only when they were well away from prying eyes did the unicorn stay his flight and allow the boy’s approach.  The moment Jace touched the glorious creature a blinding pulse of light consumed them both.  Blinking in wonder, Jace looked to the unicorn in befuddlement, wondering what it was that had just happened.  The creature snorted impatiently, as if explaining something painfully obvious, causing Jace to smile in spite of himself; the creature was as impetuous and headstrong as he himself was.  
It seemed that that initial touch somehow did to the unicorn whatever it was that had happened to Jace during his vanishment into the Master’s very presence, happily the creature was not gone for several days and did not then require as much time again to recover his senses.  The unicorn whickered his amusement but then turned eager eyes upon his companion, wondering why he wasn’t yet mounted.  Jace shook his head in wonder, but did as the impatient creature bade him; they immediately set off to find their companions.  By the time they trotted into the clearing where Adan and Baye had secreted themselves, Adan had proved himself an excellent student, at least in that particular discipline.
Jace gaped in surprise, “it took me hours!”
Baye grinned, “maybe that will teach you to think before you leap into action.”
Adan chimed in, “at least he has millennia to learn such a useful skill, but it still may not be enough.”  
Jace gave them both a patient look as Baye suggested they ride back to the castle and see if the swordmaster had time for a private lesson.  Jace grinned in anticipation, thinking this might be his chance to redeem himself, for if he were more heedless than Adan, at least they were an even match with the sword.  Adan gave him a playful wink as his unicorn dashed off with all haste back to Astoria with Jace close on his heels, his stallion determined not to lose the impromptu race.  Baye and his mount exchanged an exasperated sigh at the exuberance of their juniors, returning to the city at a far more sensible pace, easily catching the boys as they became mired in the midday crowds.
Jace suddenly caught sight of Jay wandering dejectedly through the haphazard collection of wagons, tents, and booths that made up the open air market on the edge of the city.  He dismounted, pushing his way through the milling throng, and approaching his friend with all haste.  Jay caught his eye, but did not seem all that eager to see his companion of former days, but at least he stood still to await his approach.  Said Jace as he drew to a stop, “why so glum my friend?”
Jay shook his head in dismay, “my father is not here.  He promised and he has never failed of a promise!  It is exactly a year to the day since he left me here and he promised to return exactly a year hence.”
Baye and Adan came up alongside them, the former saying, “perhaps he was just delayed, any number of things could have happened to impede him?”
Jay shook his head, “no, something terrible has happened, I know it.”
Baye tried to encourage the lad, “just wait a few more days, and if he still has not come, why not go to the Lady?”
Jay frowned skeptically, “I suppose I can wait a few days before doing anything rash, but how will the Lady avail me?  It is not as if she’ll send anyone to go out looking for him; I’ll just have to go myself.”  He sighed in dejection and vanished into the chaos of the crowd while the Messengers exchanged a grim look, feeling there was far more to the situation than was yet apparent.  They turned their steps back towards the castle, all their former enthusiasm forgotten in the sudden foreboding that weighed heavily upon each of them at the thought of Jay and his father.
Said Baye quietly, “I think your first mission is imminent lads, but I fear your friend’s father may have found himself in dire straits.  I fear for the boy if things have gone ill with his father.”  Jace and Adan exchanged a grave look, knowing Baye had spoken only too true.
By this time they had reached the weapons practice yard, wherein the swordmaster met them with a strangely bland expression.  He eyed Baye curiously and asked, “so the Lady has finally saddled you with young ones, has she?”
Baye smiled, “I am not sure who got stuck with whom, but yes, we have been ordered to keep company together for a time.”
The swordmaster studied the pair anew, asking, “any particular reason she picked this pair to accompany you?”
Baye’s grin deepened, “rather someone told her it must be so.”
The swordmaster snorted in understanding, momentarily showing his right palm to the startled boys, who exchanged a look of astonishment, while their elders grinned amusedly at their expense.  Continued the swordmaster in his far more typical gruffness, “we had best put the lads through their paces then, they can’t have much longer to loll about the castle if they’ve been saddled with such a wanderer as you, my friend.”  He worked them harder than he had ever pushed them before and both might have come away permanently maimed were it not for their peculiar nature, but Baye felt this an opportune time to work on their self healing skills while the swordmaster felt he could push them as hard as they could go, for he now had no fear of either rendering themselves or the other any permanent harm.  He even smiled slightly as they finished their workout, “not bad,” said he, “not bad at all.”  He bid Baye a good evening and vanished from the yard.
Baye nodded approvingly at the panting pair, “you lads don’t disappoint, but come, you had best get cleaned up and go in for supper.”  He finished gravely, “I must speak with the Lady.”  The boys exchanged a curious glance but immediately dashed off as they were bidden.

The Lady had just dismissed the last petitioner of the day and was about to retire for her evening meal when a servant entered, asking after an audience for Baye.  A quizzical frown flashed across her brow, but she said solemnly, “admit him at once.”  But she was not about to sit in that chair one moment longer, she stood and slowly paced the room, waiting for his arrival, intending to conduct the interview in a most scandalous fashion, at least as sticklers of protocol would see it, but the man and his comrades had thrown decorum to the wind so often of late that she actually relished the idea of doing it herself.  She stopped suddenly and gave a rueful shake of her head, laughing at her own impropriety and enjoyment thereof, as if she were naught but a Student again and Baye the handsome boy that had teased her so dreadfully.  She smiled wistfully in remembrance, was that really two centuries ago?  She sighed heavily, turning to look directly into the eyes of her foremost Messenger.  She caught a quick gleam of sympathetic understanding in his gaze before it was lost to his very proper bow.
She gathered her tattered composure about her like a shredded garment, saying stiffly, “walk with me, please.”
He bowed his head in acknowledgement and fell into step beside her, a curious light in his eyes, but he said nothing until she bade him speak.  Said he at last, “my heart is uneasy within me Lady, I fear soon we will be leaving you.”
She smiled slowly, as if his words came as no surprise, “that is true, my old friend, have you ever remained in Astoria for so many days together as you have upon this visit?”  His wry smile was answer enough, continued she, “I know you have only remained so long, though it is hardly time enough to call a proper visit, merely for the sake of your apprentices.  It is only natural that your skills and presence will soon be required elsewhere now that Jace and Adan are settled into whatever it is you have embroiled yourselves in.”  
She turned her gaze, full of curiosity and cunning and amusement, upon him, saying with a slight smile, a hint of mischief in her voice, “keep your secrets my friend, I know I shall not be the one to ferret them out, but I must be allowed to muse upon the uncanny facts surrounding you.  You are the best and oldest of my Messengers and have returned from missions that were suicide at best, there is far more to the tale than I have yet heard, but perhaps one day all shall be made clear.  Take your apprentices and go whither your heart leads, the Master calls, or I shall send you.  Farewell my friend.”  He bowed deeply and left her to muse as she would, a wistful smile upon her lips.

Baye found his apprentices in the dining hall, halfway through their meal; they smiled eagerly at him in anticipation of what he might have to say, but a hint of foreboding hung over them, like clouds covering the sun, dampening their otherwise exuberant greeting.  Said he once they had quieted, “what is it lads?”
Jace looked truly uneasy, said he in a pensive tone, “Jay did not return for supper.”
Baye glanced about and noticed that the meal was truly over, with only here and there a scattered latecomer attending to a nearly depleted plate.  Said he, “perhaps he has no appetite in his worry about his father?”
Adan shook his head, “Jay never misses a meal, ever.  Even had he word of his father’s death, he would not miss a meal unless he were physically absent.”
Baye nodded grimly, “he would set out the moment he received word of the tragedy.”  He frowned, “you think he left this evening in search of his father?  He wouldn’t get far before full dark!”
Jace said sadly, “it doesn’t matter, he wouldn’t be able to rest unless he felt he was doing something, even if it was only to walk a hundred yards from the keep ere nightfall stayed his flight.”
Baye grimaced, “but he seemed content to wait a few days.”
Adan sighed, “he was telling the truth at the moment, but he probably changed his mind the moment we left him alone; he can be tempestuous at times.”
Baye nodded, “we had best go after him then.”  His apprentices exchanged a startled but relieved look, as if this were their greatest desire yet they knew it could never be.  He continued grimly, “this may be a complete waste of time, but I think there is far more to it than that, that is why I went to speak with the Lady.  We have her blessing to ride forth whenever we feel the need, and I think the moment has come.  If so, your friend is in grave danger, for we do not ride forth on idle quests.  We’ll leave as soon as you are ready.”  The lads immediately vacated the table to prepare for their first true adventure, fear for their friend and eagerness for the quest fighting for predominance in their hearts.  Baye watched them go with a grim smile and then went to make his own preparations.
Talking to the head groom, Baye discovered that Jay had indeed gone in search of his tardy father, having taken a horse out of the stable within an hour of their meeting in the market.  The man was far from pleased, not liking to have his charges out after dark or taken on adventures not sanctioned by the Lady.  Baye assured him they would do their best to return both beast and boy as quickly as possible.  The man withdrew with dark murmurs that did not bode well for Jay’s future with the stableman, should he return.  They were soon in their saddles, navigating the nearly deserted streets at a swift trot, switching to a gallop as they left the city and took to the lonely road.  The full moon was high and gave plenty of light, even for a mortal horse, to travel easily in the night if the rider kept to the road.  They should soon overtake the renegade, for nothing can outrun a unicorn.
Baye’s grim prediction seemed to find fulfillment when the unicorns whinnied uneasily and each of their riders felt a frenzied cry of anguish, fury, and grief echo in their minds.  Baye said gravely as they pressed on, “some of our comrades are in dire straits this night, and they are close, what you just felt was their unicorns’ reaction to the situation; your friend is riding directly into it, whatever it is.  Be on your guard.”
The lads exchanged a nervous look, not fear of any foe they might encounter, rather an anxiety for the fate of their friend.  The ride was interminable, though the miles passed swiftly beneath the feet of their mounts, for each was haunted by an oppressive feeling of dread and disquiet, knowing something far more insidious than an overdue merchant train awaited them.  They caught their quarry on the very border of Astoria, the horror that confronted them was well worthy of the foreboding that had accompanied them upon the entire journey.  Jay was correct, his father was a stickler for punctuality and would have made it to Astoria that day had he not been waylaid by disaster.  Baye was aghast to see such a spectacle on the very border of Astoria.  The scene was common enough in the untamed Wilds of the north or in the vast stretches of land unclaimed by any sovereign, but to have it happen upon the very border of a country known as the center of justice and peace in the civilized world was atrocious!
A half burned peddler’s wagon, still smoking in the moonlight, sat nearby while another lay on its side, its contents strewn about like a child’s toys.  The tracks in the grass were witness to the scattered flight of the other wagons in every direction conceivable, save back towards the city.  The three dismounted and began to comb the area, hands on their sword hilts.  Baye was heartened to see signs that though their livelihood might have been destroyed or stolen, it seemed most of the peddlers had at least escaped with their lives, having fled afoot while their attackers commandeered their wagons and teams, scattering with their plunder while the former owners ran for their lives.  But what would make bandits so bold as to attack a merchant caravan on the borders of a civilized country where a patrol might come upon them at any moment?
They found Jay kneeling beside a prone figure at the base of an ancient elm, sobbing like one bereft of his soul.  The Brethren knelt on either side of the boy and what must be his father, bruised and battered beyond recognition, but still alive, if barely.  The boy was too caught up in his grief to take a fright at the sudden advent of the intruders beside him, but upon recognizing them, he scowled at their impertinent intrusion into his personal sorrow.  Worse, Baye ruined what should have been a private moment between Jay and his dying father, as he began to question the dying man, asked he, “what happened here, sir?”
At the strange voice, the man painfully turned his head.  Seeing something he liked or trusted in the stranger’s face or voice, he gasped, “it isn’t just bandits, someone far worse...looking for something...the Eye...the Eye of Phil.  It’s a glass orb...strange, uncanny thing...it came into my possession over a year ago...I got rid of it as soon as I could, but I wouldn’t tell them where or how...they made it look like bandits, he had twenty such to help him...they fled with the wagons.”  He smiled proudly but grimaced with the effort, “my folk fled...got away...they’ll start over,” he turned and smiled at his son, “got to see my son too...not a bad way to go.”  He coughed, spasmed in pain, then continued, “I wouldn’t tell them...they tried to force it out of me...it cost me my life...but it was worth it.”
He groaned, gasped for air, and then stared, studying Jace in the moonlight, as if seeing a ghost, said he in a breathless whisper, “your Brothers boy, they tried to help...but they were captured...seemed to please the head villain no end...he and two of the bandits dragged them off into the trees...the fiends returned alone, smiling like the villains they are.”  Baye exchanged a grim look with his apprentices, beginning to understand what it was that had happened.
Baye put a firm hand on the man’s shoulder and said, “you acted bravely sir, and have not died in vain.  Rest easy.”
The man grasped his hand, grimacing at the effort, and pleading, “catch them, ere they find the orb, they must not have it.”  Baye nodded and the man relaxed visibly.  The Brethren stood and withdrew, leaving the furious and aggrieved Jay to his solitary vigil at his father’s side.
They began a thorough study of the area, trying to decipher exactly what had happened that night.  Baye had no doubts that they were dealing with the Brotherhood or of the fate that had befallen their comrades.  But what was the Eye of Phil?  Some arcane relic of the Brotherhood’s no doubt, but who would name it thus?  He almost smiled at the thought, but the circumstances were far too grim for mirth of any kind at the moment.  They found more signs of flight: trampled vegetation and various items scattered about in the chaos, but no sign of lingering bandits or lurking mages of evil intent.  At last they stumbled upon a tragic, but expected sight.  At least the two unmoving forms in the uniform of the Brethren were not unexpected, the third figure kneeling over them in careful study was a complete surprise.
The man looked up as he heard their approach, his eyes widened in wonder and pleasure as he stood.  Baye wore a grim smile as he too recognized the stranger, said he in astonishment, “Scamp!  What are you doing here?”
The incongruously named stranger smiled, “I could ask you the same Baye.”  He briefly studied the trailing apprentices, raised an eyebrow in question, and asked, “and with these kids in tow besides?”
Baye shook his head, “I was in Astoria briefly after my last mission and seem to have acquired an apprentice or two for my trouble.  The lads here are friends of the son of the chief merchant.  The boy was distraught when his father failed to return to Astoria on time so set off to see what had come of him.  We felt an urgent need to follow.”
Scamp scratched his chin thoughtfully and said, “I was tracking a certain member of the Brotherhood, who seems intent on finding some artifact or other that had somehow come into the possession of the head merchant for a time.”  He glanced down at their dead comrades, said he, “but I came too late.  And it seems my quarry has gained himself some new allies.”
Baye nodded grimly, “the dying merchant said as much, a pair of bandits accompanied the villain into the trees with our doomed comrades.”  He sadly studied the pair: a Warrior and his apprentice, a lad of an age with his own, no wonder the merchant had looked at Jace askance.  Each had had his throat cut to sate the blood price required upon an initiate joining the Brotherhood of the Serpent.  He explained as much to his horrified apprentices, awkwardly trailing off as he caught a glimpse of Jay hiding in the bushes, listening with fascination and revulsion, but he had no time to react before they were all rather preoccupied with said villain and his new apprentices.  Jay wisely vanished entirely into the underbrush as swords flashed in the moonlight.
The villains had crept upon them unawares as they stood mournfully over their slain comrades, striking when it became obvious the fools had no idea where the Eye of Phil might be.  When Jay had found the wreckage of the merchant train, the fiends had just determined that they would get nothing out of the doomed merchant, but the unexpected advent of the boy, obviously one closely associated with either the merchant or his folk, might prove useful.  They abandoned their victim and hid themselves in hopes of hearing something to their advantage but only glimpsed the sentimental drivel that passes between a dying man and his only son.  Then the Brethren had waltzed in, but still nothing of use was revealed, except that the man was telling the truth when he said he was no longer in possession of the Eye.  The advent of a fourth Brother, one who had apparently been hunting them, only confirmed what they already knew.  It was time to tie up the loose ends before a patrol happened along or the survivors brought word to the Lady and she mustered her forces.
Scamp fell with a blade in his back before they even knew they were under attack.  Adan and Jace proved an even match for the dark apprentices while Baye was not impressed with their master, who knew himself no match for the surviving Brother and summoned his vile reptilian mount to flee.  Baye would have given chase, but he saw Jay peeping out of the shrubbery, watching in wonder while the vile man eyed the boy speculatively as he turned his monster and fled.  Growling under his breath, he pursued the suddenly terrified Jay rather than the villain, emerging from the undergrowth several moments later with the sullen lad in tow.  Ordering the boy to stay put, he then jumped into the ongoing fray between the apprentices and quickly settled the dispute, the vile initiates receiving far worse than they gave.  Jace had been stabbed in the arm while Adan looked rather rakish with a dripping wound slanting across his forehead; neither of their foes had survived.
After quickly assessing the situation, Baye turned grim eyes upon Jay, “how much did you hear ere we were interrupted?”
The boy glared at him, all insolence, grated he, “what does it matter?  Would you lock me up or kill me to ensure my silence?”
Baye said quietly, “this vile group is known to but few, if word should inadvertently spread before the proper time, the results might be disastrous.”
Jay sneered, “you Brethren and your secrets!  I will do as it pleases me, thank you very much.  How dare you interpose your fanaticism between me and my dying father and impose secrecy upon something that should not be hidden!”
Baye shook his head, “I do not make the rules lad but it is unwise to thwart them, and as for coming between you and your father, he carried information that might be vital in preventing another such tragedy.  I take it by your presence here that he is dead?” Jay nodded sullenly and Baye continued, “we have our own dead to see to, if you wish to bury him alongside our comrades you may.”
Jay sneered at the fallen Brethren, “little enough good they did anyone, it is probably better this way.”  He glared at Baye, “I can attend to my own affairs, thank you!”  He turned on his heel and stalked away.
Baye caught Jace’s eye and said, “you had best see to that wound lad, the blades carried by members of the Brotherhood are often tainted with vile spells.  Afterwards, see what you can do for your friend, he’s in a very fragile state and liable to do something he might long regret, especially if he is as rash as you say.”  Jace nodded and dashed off after his friend, the wound healing as he ran, leaving the others to bury their dead.  Their haunting song of grief and hope eternal carried on the breeze, sending chills and an indescribable thrill up Jace’s spine.
He found Jay sitting morosely beside his father; he glowered at his old friend as Jace intruded once more upon his grief.  “Go away,” snarled he, “have you not already caused me grief enough?”
Jace frowned, “how so?”
Jay growled, “you really have no idea, do you?  In absolutely everything you were better or stronger or faster than me; I was always second best.  Even when you should have fallen to your death, no one was worried about me, only that the darling boy of Astoria might be injured!  Then you took up with the Brethren, and even in your social disgrace, people still compared everything anyone did to how you might have done it, as if you had died at the peak of your potential.  Even the girls, who knew they had absolutely no chance of winning your heart, looked at me askance in comparison to you!  I am tired of standing in your shadow, of being overlooked, and of being second best and an afterthought.”
He stood, knife in hand, casting one brief, miserable glance at his father before eyeing Jace hungrily, “I have lost everything this night; I have nothing left to me in Astoria.  Thanks to you, I will never amount to anything there.  I had hoped to return home to my father and take up his way of life, but that is gone too.  But I heard things tonight, saw them with my own eyes, things that make me wonder if there is yet something for me to do.  A way to make myself better than you.”  He hefted the dagger, “perhaps those fiends were right in their treatment of your ilk.  Is that why you keep their Brotherhood a secret?  So people like me don’t go out looking for them?”
Jace was not intimidated by the knife, knowing he was the far better combatant between the two of them, his curious nature not withstanding, but he was terrified for his friend, of what he might do in his grief and fury, but he was not left to linger in that mire of anxiety, for a far greater dread and terror suddenly fell upon them both.  Somewhere a unicorn whinnied in terror and all about them the night became as black as the Nothing Jace had momentarily experienced after his fall, but it was not the Nothing that surrounded them, but a hostile darkness brimming over with feelings of dread, horror, hatred, fear, shame, sorrow, and despair: a horrid stew from which there could be no escape.  But then came the Voice, and that was somehow even worse.
It mocked them both, “what think you little mortals?  That you can somehow escape that which is your deserved fate?  You are mine to do with as I please!”
Jay’s voice croaked desperately out of the dark, “please spare me, I will do whatever you ask!”  He paused and then said in quiet fury, “I want power, glory, and revenge!”
The fell voice laughed harshly, as if it came from the throat of a highly amused raven, “perhaps there is hope for you yet, wretch.  But think you that this fool’s blood will suffice for the price?”  The laugh was scornful this time, “behold!  Yet more secrets and betrayal, for he is not what you take him to be.  I demand life and blood shed on my behalf, but this pitiful creature has neither.  He has sold himself utterly to my Enemy and is no longer possessed of either, being a mere ghost haunting the world in mortal visage.”
As the voice gloated, Jace felt his disguise being stripped away and the carefully concealed light within him breaking forth, not in blinding intensity, but enough that Jay gasped in horror at his onetime friend’s otherworldly appearance and took a step away from his only companion in this unreal netherworld of darkness.  Gasped he in fury and horror at the radiant Jace, “what are you?  Why did you not tell me?”
Jace met his gaze evenly, his own radiance their only source of light, “the Lady herself is unaware of the situation.  It is a secret kept from all who have no part in it; I cannot say more.”
Jay shook his head frantically in disbelief, “no!  It cannot be true!  Lies and more lies, secrets within secrets?  Who am I to trust, what am I to believe?”
“No one!” scoffed the vile voice, “not even me, most especially me!  But I will give you what you desire, for a time, the end is always the same, but you might as well enjoy life to the fullest while it lasts.  But I still require blood.”
Jay’s eyes widened, “but you said his would not suffice?  The others?”
The voice laughed in scorn, “they are as pathetic and useless as this one.  But yours will do.”
Jace screamed in horror, “no Jay!  It cannot be worth it, don’t do this...”  He was suddenly silenced as great coils of blackness, like the arms of some tentacled sea beast, wrapped about him; they would have crushed him utterly were he wrought of anything but his Master’s light.
Jay watched in grim delight, then faced the direction from whence the voice spoke, “do as you have said.  Give me power in exchange for blood, even be it my own.”  The triumphant laughter that followed was the most hideous sound Jace had or ever would hear, save for the horrified croak that escaped Jay as he suddenly convulsed in agony, his hands trying to stem his suddenly bleeding throat, his entire being growing suddenly dark and misty, fading into the whelming dark about them.  Jace saw a furtive shadow dart from sight with a pathetic wail as he lost all control or sense of himself as the night-wrought tentacles crushed with all their horrid strength and the Light consumed everything.


7

As he blinked back to consciousness, Jace noticed that the darkness had fled, leaving only the wan grey and rose of early dawn, as if it were all a bad dream.  Baye knelt over him, a grim expression on his face; Adan and Scamp stood at a distance, confusion and dread radiating from their features.  Only then did Jace realize he was still glowing, with a rueful grimace he schooled himself to normality and took Baye’s offered hand, soon gaining his feet.  Baye studied him for a moment, relief plain on his face, as he said, “what happened?  Where is your friend?”
Jace shook his head in wonder, grief tumbled over him like a tidal wave as he remembered what it was that had just happened.  He told the tale, at least all he could remember, the others drawing close to listen, their faces a study in horror and grief as the tale unfolded.  Baye shook his head grimly, “a fell tale that, lad.  What has come of your friend indeed?!  Has our Enemy at last created a foe to rival the Shadow?”  
They exchanged uneasy glances and an awkward silence for a moment, until Jace at last asked, “what happened last night?  What is the Brotherhood up to?  What is this preposterously named Eye of Phil?”  He turned curious eyes on Scamp, “so he is the last of our number,” he added with a smile, “but however did you come by such a name?”
This lightening of mood and change of subject was precisely what the foursome needed to break the unsettling spell that had woven itself about them with Jace’s tale.  They decided to talk as they rode back to the city, as the wreckage would soon be abuzz with those investigating the debacle and they must apprise the Lady of the disaster, at least as much of it as they were allowed to tell.  Scamp began as soon as they were upon the open road with no obvious bystanders to overhear, as had been the tragic case the previous night, said he, “first, upon the serious matter of my name.  What my given name is, not even my parents could tell you, for one wished to call me Horace and the other Icabod, yet neither would compromise on something else nor bend to the wishes of the other, so I had no name until about the time I started walking, and getting into trouble, for my father berated me as a naughty little ‘scamp,’ and I have been called thus ever since.”
They shared a much needed laugh, before he sobered significantly and began upon the more serious topic, “as to last night, we buried our slain comrades in the usual manner, but suddenly it grew dreadfully dark and a feeling of utter terror fell upon all of us.  We could do naught but hunker down and pray.  The evil feeling intensified, grew triumphant for a moment, and then suddenly abated, about the time a blinding flash of light consumed us all.  We came to ourselves to find no sign of your friend and you lying senseless and aglow.  Adan and I buried the merchant while Baye knelt beside you, waiting for you to waken.  It took over an hour for you to regain your senses, but after what you endured, it is a wonder you awoke at all.”  He smiled ruefully, “but then the Master’s power is ever greater than that of our Enemy, so I should not be surprised in the least, nor have we reason to fear whatever it is that has come of your late friend.”  They all heartily agreed to the last statement with a resounding cheer.
“As to the Brotherhood and this Eye of Phil,” Scamp smiled in grim amusement before continuing, “that really is a ludicrous name, and I know something of absurd nomenclature.  I have heard rumor of these so-called ‘Eyes’ before; they are named after the man that willingly sacrifices his life to produce the artifact, in this case Phil was the unwise party.  It is theorized, we have no direct knowledge of their use or function, that the orbs can be used to communicate with other members of the Brotherhood, perhaps even with the Nameless One himself, and to spy on distant locations, perhaps the activities of one’s evil minions?  Quite a useful gadget, certainly, but difficult to replace if lost or destroyed, because it is not in the nature of evil to sacrifice itself for the greater good; finding someone willing to die for the cause when there is no direct benefit to themselves might be well nigh impossible, that is why they are so determined to find this thing before we do or it is permanently lost.  How it came to be in the merchant’s keeping or who he found to fob it off on, remain to be discovered.  Perhaps some of his fled companions might have an answer?”
Jace grimaced, “which means our fled villain will also be looking for the survivors.”
Baye shook his head, “he would not have let them flee in the first place had they possessed any information he might have found useful.  That he sent them and the bandits away means they were of no more use or interest to him.  No, I think the poor man took the secret to his grave, not even his closest kin and companions knew anything of the matter, which is disappointing for us but certainly spared their lives.  The question is, who took the orb?  He knew it was strange, if not evil, and he did not seem a man who would pass it along to someone if he knew it would bring them trouble, hence someone must have taken it willingly, but who and how did they learn of it if it was a secret even to the merchant’s companions?”
Baye trailed off as a company of a dozen of the Brethren approached from the direction of the city, just visible in the distance.  They drew rein and waited for their comrades to draw near, knowing whither they were bound.  The leader of the company approached Baye, after a brief greeting, he told all he could of the situation.  The man thanked him for his appraisal and motioned for his men to follow with all haste; they soon disappeared around a bend in the road and the others continued their journey back to Astoria.  The Lady saw them immediately upon their return, informed of the situation by the advent of a group of terrified refugees at the outer gates in the small hours of the morning.  Baye’s tale was brief and to the point, for there was much he could not tell even the Lady of Astoria, but the news of Jay’s disappearance, the death of his father and two of her servants, and news that there was a vile man on the loose willing to kill anyone who impeded his desperate search for some lost artifact was disturbing enough that she did not think to ask if there could possibly be more to the tale, and knowing the teller thereof, he wouldn’t likely be any more forthcoming than he already was. 
She sighed heavily at these grim tidings, but soon enough was all business again, said she to Scamp, “continue in your pursuit of this villain.  I will send Baye and his minions to see if they can track down this sphere, perhaps between you, you can permanently end this menace.”  They bowed deeply and went to prepare for their quest.
Once alone in the hall, Adan shook his head in mystification, “how are we to accomplish any of this?”
The elder pair exchanged an amused smile at their junior’s naiveté, said Baye with a laugh, “you forget we are not just members of a social organization but very servants of the Master, lad.  We begin every day with intent and purpose all our own, but whether our aspirations will come to pass or not is always a mystery, to ourselves at least, but the Master knows what will come of the matter, for whatever betide, it is always His will that manifests, whether we are aware of it or not, whether we try to help or hinder it.  He will guide us into the plans He has for us and enable us to do what we must in His service.  We must trust that some good will come of what may seem a futile quest, perhaps it will be fulfilled as the Lady envisions or perhaps something else entirely will be the result, but we are ever in the Master’s will and keeping, thus we have no reason to worry or fear, no matter how frustrating, futile, or hopeless things seem at the moment.”  They brightened at this reminder of the truth and continued on their way with lighter steps and hearts.
Baye froze in mid-step, causing the others to nearly collide with him, said he, eyeing Jace with an intrigued smile, “Adan and I will interview the surviving peddlers and see if they know aught of this orb, and if not, at least we can get a travel itinerary and trace their steps to see where it might have left their possession.  Jace, it suddenly occurs to me that you have something to do in Astoria.  May the Master ride with you lad.”  He grinned the more, placing a firm hand on Jace’s shoulder as he gave this benediction and the boy vanished in a flash of light.  Adan gaped and Scamp smiled at his surprise.
The sound of running feet brought three sets of eyes up sharply and it was Scamp’s turn to gape, for an apprentice came dashing down the hall and barely skidded to a breathless halt before colliding with the three, said Hawk in both eagerness and trepidation to Scamp, “I am to be your apprentice sir, and the Lady said you were leaving this very moment,” he stopped to pant worriedly, “I am not too late am I?”
Scamp managed to shut his mouth before anyone but Baye found his surprise amusing, said he in astonishment, “this is certainly a surprise, but no lad, you aren’t late.  You are ready then?”
The boy nodded eagerly, Baye gave Scamp a far too amused grin, and left the pair to get acquainted.  As he walked away, Baye smiled the more as he heard Scamp say, “first and foremost, lad, never call me sir...and yes, that is my name!”  Baye exchanged an amused grin with Adan, but soon sobered as their current assignment regained prominence in his mind.  How were they to find that dratted orb?  Ah well, he’d just have to take his own advice and trust the Master in this, as in all things.

Jace reappeared, blinking in wonder, in a forgotten alley somewhere in the city proper.  He studied himself for a moment, knowing he wore a different face, one not known or bound to the Brethren, and his clothes were the finest he’d ever worn.  His mission suddenly popped into his head and his heart quailed in dread, but there could be no answer but a wholehearted yes, even if it meant confronting Jay, in whatever manifestation of evil he now appeared.  He shuddered, for it would not be pleasant or easy, but it must be done and there was no one else to do it.  He crept from the alley, careful that no one notice a seemingly noble youth emerging from such a disreputable place.  He made his way into the main thoroughfares of the city and the road that approached the castle itself.  He found a small group of people milling about before the city gates, some working up their courage or perfecting their story before approaching the guards while the rest patiently waited their turn.
Jace drew little attention, being just another student come to study, especially when there was certainly someone far more interesting to stare at and whisper about.  An individual, literally covered head to toe in concealing garb, was arguing with one of the guards as to whether he should be admitted or not, demanded he, “I must be admitted!  It is vital that I be allowed to join the Students!”
The Warrior shook his head, “lad, you must reveal at least your face ere I can allow you into the Keep.”
The concealed figure groused, “I am afflicted with an unfortunate condition that renders me very sensitive to light, in fact it might well be deadly!  Would you have me risk my life to appease your silly rules?”
The guard turned to one of his companions, saying quietly, “he tells the truth, can we demand more of him?”  The second guard shook his head.  The first sighed heavily, but said to the lad, “so be it lad, in this case, an exception must be made.”  He glanced over the small crowd and called aloud, “has anyone else come to study?”
Jace alone stepped forward and the man waved him through, giving the pair into the keeping of Jared, who paid Jace little heed but frowned at the utterly swathed student, as if he sensed something wrong with the lad, besides his strange attire, but he had no idea as to what it might be.  He schooled his features to blandness and said to them both, “welcome to Astoria lads, I shall get you settled.  Come along.”  Without comment or protest, the pair followed after.  After stopping by the supply room, he saw them tucked into what had once been their shared room, and left, after giving them some instructions as to what to do for the rest of the day and going over some of the basics about life as a Student in Astoria.
After the servant withdrew, the mysterious figure silently drew the drapes over the small window and then bodily blocked the door, said he with menace strong in his voice, but also with a trace of apprehension, “since we must be roommates, let us be done with the awkwardness and foolish questions from the start.  Do anything foolish and you will cease to trouble the mortal sphere, am I understood?”
Jace nodded, far more intrigued than terrified, knowing that this strange figure was his late friend and he was about to make some startling, if disquieting, revelation.  He removed a cloth mask, took off his gloves, and began to unwrap the strips of fabric that concealed his neck and arms; there was nothing beneath but a smoky mist that might have been mistaken for a shadow.  Red eyes glowed like embers in the featureless face.  The wraith studied his companion’s reaction with approval, said he, “you are not utterly terrified?”
Jace smiled grimly, “this is Astoria, is it not?  This is nothing compared to half the tales told of this place!  Besides, you could have killed me already without revealing yourself, so it must be something other than murder you intend, at least for the moment.”
“You are no fool, nor coward either,” said Jay with grudging approval, “I want your blood.”
Jace gaped, “then why haven’t you taken it?”
Jay shook his head, “I must have it willingly or it will not avail me.  I can kill thousands yet still remain...like this.”
Jace frowned, “what do I get out of it?”
Jay said with very little enthusiasm, “you can become a wraith like me: you’ll never die, possess power unimaginable, and have a purpose in life.”
Jace looked skeptical, “you don’t sound all that excited about your current predicament?”
Jay snapped, “once I taste willing blood, then I can at least be solid again!  You try living like this and see how easy it is!”
Jace nodded, concern and understanding strong in his voice, Jay flinched back in distress or pain, said Jace, “it sounds rather lonely, empty even.  What is this purpose you have found?”
Jay shuddered, “I have a master that demands my utmost obedience and success; his least whim is my command.”
Jace shook his head, “what if I refuse?”
Jay studied him for a long moment, misery stronger than the menace in his response, “I should destroy you, but that would cause awkward questions and would not help my mission here, besides, I will need someone to help me in the coming days, for I cannot do this alone, at least not in my current incarnation.  Perhaps you will desire this for yourself in days to come.  Then you need only find one willing to give his blood to you in turn to achieve everything you could ever desire.”  This last was said as if by rote, there was no passion or eagerness in the expression at all, which strangely caused an eager flutter in Jace’s heart.
“So what are you really here for?” asked Jace, a curious smile on his face, “I mean, besides for blood and all that.”
Jay shook his head, “I have misplaced an item that my master is most desirous of having returned to the keeping of his servants.”  He brightened significantly, taking in Jace’s dress and demeanor, “you may be just what I need.  You are nobly bred?”  Jace’s growing panic was answer enough, as the wraith continued, “I foolishly left the item in the keeping of a young noblewoman of my acquaintance, hoping it would somehow endear me to her, but she only has an eye for young noblemen.”  His voice grew threatening and menace hummed in the air, “you will strike up an acquaintance, and perhaps a romance with this young woman, using your influence to get back that which I have lost.”
Jace said in a strained whisper, “what happens if she doesn’t like me?”
The menace became dismay but a slight smile tinged his voice, “she is headstrong to be sure so this plan may be entirely vain, but I would appreciate it if you would at least try.”
Jace grinned, “why not just ask?  It will go much easier between us if you do not threaten or coerce to gain what you want; if it is not something I can accomplish, I will refuse and nothing you say or do will change that, so you might as well skip the theatrics and either kill me outright or try to be reasonable.”
Jay stared at him in astonishment, “I had expected terror, horror, or one who would do anything for the power I possess, yet you stand here and barter like a woman in the fish market, you reason like a man of sense and honor.”  He sighed heavily, “I am not yet so lost to evil that I cannot respect that, nay, I much prefer it.  We shall act as two men of honor, you and I, we shall pretend for a time that I am not what I am.”
Jace wore a thoughtful frown, “your master does not know you have this item, does he?”
Jay looked up in surprise, “no, and I would wish it to remain so, for if he learns that I lost it, it will not go well with me.  I know he and his minions seek it fervently and I hope to gain much by its return.”
Jace’s frown deepened, “is your master so generous to his servants?”
Jay shook his head morosely, “he promises much, but it is empty, I am doomed to an eternity of such servitude, and then endless night.”
Jace’s eyebrows rose, “and you want me to willingly embrace this fate as well?”
Jay keened in desperation, “what would you have me do?  I am ordered to do just that!  To make an army of such dreadful, hopeless creatures and then destroy all within this place who will not bow before us.”  He brightened slightly, “but I have some time yet and perhaps the orb might spare us all.”  He smiled sardonically, though he had no features but eyes, “we shall be but boys for a time; innocent, joyous boys,” he trailed off and finished with quiet finality, “and then utter night.”  They were silent for a long agonizing moment and then Jay continued as if nothing unsettling had just been said, “we had best begin our brief career as Students; you have a lady to win.”
Jace shook his head, “I will not even try to win her heart.  I will be friendly and make her acquaintance but I will not deceive her or falsely court her; I am no cad.  
Jay studied him for a long moment then nodded, “so be it.”  He frowned, “what is your name?”
Jace said, “you can call me Ace.  And what about you?”
The wraith frowned, he had not thought of that, said he, “call me Jake.”  He donned the Student uniform, covered his ghastly lack of features, and then motioned for Jace to lead the way out of the room.  Jared had recommended a beginner’s sword lesson as their first class of the day, if they were not too tired from their journey that is.  Jace grinned in anticipation, wondering if the swordmaster would be as oblivious to his true identity as Jared had been.  His smile died aborning as he considered what the other students would think of the mysteriously draped ‘Jake,’ and what that reaction would do to his already dismal situation.  He shuddered, hoping his late friend did not act out in fury or despair.
They reached the practice yard without incident, the swordmaster was just putting away the assorted implements used by the previous class when the pair wandered into his demesne.  He studied them quietly for a moment and asked, “new students?  Here for the next class?”  They nodded and he looked at Jay in some concern, asked he, “is this something you should attempt with your delicate condition lad?”
Jay said harshly, “I cannot abide the light sir, otherwise I am in nowise imperiled.”
“Easy lad!” said the swordmaster in surprise, “I meant no offense, I was only concerned about your health.”  Jay huffed, apparently appeased, as the man continued, “now it will be a few minutes before the rest of the class gets here, they’ve had a few lessons already so might be a bit ahead of you, but I’ll get you caught up soon enough, don’t you worry.”  He retreated for a moment and returned with two wooden practice swords, handing one to each lad, “now,” said he, “I’ll teach you the basics.”
He barely managed to dodge out of the way as Jay leapt upon Jace with a speed and fury that surprised them both, but the latter was no novice and instinctively reacted, blocking the incoming blow with ease and quickly countering with his own.  They whirled in a wild dance of parry and thrust accompanied by the near rhythmic clack of wood against wood until the swordmaster bellowed, “enough!”
So startled were the combatants at the interruption, having lost themselves entirely to the deadly dance, that they both dropped their blades and stared at the swordmaster, aghast with embarrassment.  He glared at them stonily, turning first to Jay and demanding, “what was that?”
Jay shrugged, his voice sheepish, “it has been a trying day sir, I felt the need to vent some of my frustration.”  He glanced at Jace and grinned, “at least my companion is a worthy foe.”
The swordmaster said aghast, “you could have killed him, practice sword not withstanding.”  His voice became more puzzled than angry, “and what are the pair of you doing in a beginner’s class if you can fight like that?”  He ruefully answered his own question, “they had no idea you had any sword experience and put you here by default.  Well, you’ll have to attend a more advanced class after this,” finished he with a scowl, “that is if I ever let you touch a sword again after that little stunt.”  Just then more students began to arrive and he was forced to attend to other matters, but as punishment for their reckless outburst, he made these experienced swordsmen go through the motions of actually learning to hold a sword for the first time; a fate he found pleasantly ironic.  As the students dispersed for the midday meal, the swordmaster turned to his newest pupils and said, “I will see you both tomorrow in the advanced class,” he turned to Jay, “I need to address a few matters with your companion here, I’ll send him in to lunch when I’ve finished with him, assuming he still has an appetite.”  He turned a stony gaze on Jace, causing an involuntary shudder from the boy while Jay grinned beneath his wrappings and dashed off.
Once they were alone, the swordmaster drew the boy aside, saying quietly, “what have you become entangled in lad?”
Jace brightened, though he tried to appear contrite for anyone who might be watching, said he in all eagerness, “you recognize me?”
The swordmaster grinned wryly, “your face may change lad, but a man’s peculiar way with a sword will give him away every time.”  He sobered, “I recognize your companion too, but he so reeks of evil that I don’t know how the guards let him through the gates.”  He frowned in consternation, “I suppose they can’t sense it like we can.  What has he done to himself?”  Jace told him all he knew, causing the man’s concern to deepen tenfold, but a thoughtful look entered his eyes, said he at last, “perhaps there is yet hope for him.  But if not, can you do what you must?”
Jace sighed heavily, “it will not be easy, but I will do what I must.”
The man nodded grimly, “that is all we can do.  You’d best get back to him before he has a chance to get himself into mischief.”  He smiled wryly, “not that you are the best chaperone, mischief maker that you are.”  Jace dashed off, trying to appear chastened.
He found Jay sitting in a corner by himself, an untouched plate of food before him, taken more for appearances than necessity.  Jace seated himself beside the glum figure and smiled sheepishly, “next time you feel like attacking someone, how about just asking to spar?”
Jay shuddered in horror, “do you have any idea what those words remind me of?”  Jace’s heart sank, he did in fact have an excellent idea, but Jay continued, “my best friend tried to goad me into just such a situation and nearly fell to his death.”  He was quiet a moment and continued bitterly, “it changed everything about him and between us and eventually it did kill him.”
Jace flinched, wondering how Jay could think him dead when it occurred to him that that last brilliant flash during their last encounter might have been interpreted as his own undoing.  Said he quietly, “are you so certain you have lost him forever?”
Jay turned haunted eyes upon his companion, “I have lost everything save this miserable existence.  I’ll never see any of them again: my mother, my papa, my friend.  They trusted the Master but he is a fickle, powerless lord, if he exists at all.  My fell master will triumph over everything in the end.”
Jace said quietly, “I do not see matters as you.  If your kith and kin have placed their hope in the Master, they are far from lost, save to those who abandon Him.”
Jay looked up in horror, “you mean like me?”
Jace nodded sadly, “it would appear that way, but you are not utterly lost, at least not yet.”
Jay shook his head grimly, “do you know what it would cost me to forsake my ties to the darkness?”
Jace said quietly, “your very life, but it would spare your soul.”  Jay frowned thoughtfully but could make no reply as a very comely young lady, who walked as if she owned the world, approached.
Both of the boys scrambled to their feet, as protocol demanded, and hastened to make their courtesies as Ella smiled condescendingly at their antics.  She said imperiously to Jace, giving Jay only a brief, dismissive look, “you are said to be a noble’s son?”
Jace bowed his head and replied, “at your service, my lady.”
She lifted her chin and gazed down her nose at him, as if he were a horse she had taken an interest in, “then come take a turn with me ere the meal is finished.”  He bowed his acquiescence and felt Jay’s eager but pained gaze upon him as he and Ella left the dining hall to walk about on the great, walled-in lawn.  She chatted of this and that, never of anything important or interesting nor asking anything of her companion.  As they were returning to the dining hall, she ordered, “you will attend me at the evening meal.”  Then she turned away and was gone.  
Jace was left gaping, the girl had been cold and conceited upon her arrival but had thawed significantly in the interim; the woman who had just dismissed him was even stonier and more frigid than she had been on her first day in Astoria.  It was the same conceit and indifference but ripened and fossilized with age, all her growth and warmth had vanished like mist in the sun, displaced by her determination to marry well, and soon, and then take her place in society.  Jace sighed heavily and returned to the corner where Jay awaited him, both shame and curiosity radiating from him like heat off of a stove.
Said Jace, “she’s a veritable Ice Queen, that one.  I don’t think she cares who or what she marries, as long as he is of noble blood and won’t unduly embarrass her.”
Jay sighed heavily, “that she is, I am almost sorry for you.  Has she vowed never to see you again?”
Jace shook his head and grinned wryly, “I am ordered to dine with her this night.”
Jay almost smiled, “then I am truly sorry for you.”


8

Their next class after the midday meal proved to be far less controversial than their sword class, mostly because it did not involve sharp, pointy objects.  They were bidden to a gathering of neophytes upon the great walled in lawn where one of the Teachers stood, ready to regale them with a tale any long-term dweller in Astoria probably knew by heart.  
Jay groused quietly as they seated themselves with the wide-eyed innocents about them, “must I endure this sentimental drivel once again?”
Jace replied, “perhaps if you take it seriously, rather than just enduring it, you may discover something worth living for, a hope that is not yet beyond your grasp.”
Jay sighed, “you are as blindly idealistic as any of these Brethren!”
Jace grinned, “thank you!”
They grew silent as the last of the Students sat and the Teacher began in a voice so lyrical he might well have been singing, his audience thus entranced, he began:

“Long ago, when the world was young and men still walked in innocence, an ancient king made an alliance with the terrible god of war.  In exchange for the life of his maiden daughter, he would receive power to conquer all the kingdoms of men and have dominion over all mortal lives.  The night was dark with neither star nor moon giving light or hope to those who gathered upon the face of that forbidden hill to commence with their evil deed.  The king had gathered all of his generals and advisors to stand as witnesses.  The girl was brought forward and the hood removed from her head.  A single tear rolled down her cheek as she stared with pleading eyes into the cold and remorseless depths of her father’s eyes.  She saw neither love nor regret there, only a thirst for power beyond the reach of mortal ken.  He drew forth a cruel knife from a sheath of black leather.  Very soon the alliance would be sealed and no power on earth could withstand him.  He approached the girl with a cruel and mirthless smile and raised the blade to strike.
He was thrown back from the girl and blinded by a cold light, and all standing around the pair fell to the ground in fear.  Like a bolt of lightning, a bright and terrible figure stood between the man and his prey.  The king regained his footing with a sneer and a triumphant laugh.  “You have no authority here,” he scoffed, “be gone before I become violent.”  
The light receded slightly and those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow.  The figure reared up on its hind legs and pawed the air.  He appeared in the form of a horse but with the awe reserved for a charging bull or roaring lion.  Then he spoke, “you must not do this terrible thing.  You will forever tear apart the laws that bind the world together.”  
“I will do as I please,” scowled the king, “and there is nothing you can do to stop me.”  
“If you are set upon this course I cannot stop you by force, but perhaps I can offer you an exchange,” said the figure.  
“What can you possibly offer me,” growled the king with the light of avarice in his eyes.
“The foul demon with whom you are dealing demands innocent blood for your vile contract, so be it!  Take mine instead of the girl’s,” said the mysterious figure.  
“Yours!” gasped the king, “but of what advantage is that to you?”  
“To ransom the life of this dear child shall be gain enough,” said the figure.  
“Very well,” said the king.  “I have a feeling my master will be quite pleased with the exchange.  What is one small child when the blood of his enemy is laid at his feet?  What are your terms?”  
“Give me one hour to bear this child to safety, then I will return hither and you may do as we have agreed,” said the figure.  
“How do I know you will not steal the child and disappear?” asked the king.  
“You know very well I do not lie,” roared the figure.  He swept the child onto his back and as the light disappeared over the rim of the hill called back, “in one hour I shall return.”

For a time the girl clung silently to the back of her rescuer but as the horror of what she had so nearly escaped sunk in she began to sob uncontrollably.  “Do not weep little one,” said the figure, “you are safe and all will be well.”  
“How can you say that?” sobbed the girl, “evil is about to be unleashed upon the earth and no one will be able to stop it.”  
“I can,” said he softly.  A sense of immense peace fell upon the girl and dried her tears.  Shortly, they approached a small cottage by the edge of a little stream that chattered invisibly in the night.  A woman emerged from the door and wrapped a blanket around the quivering form of the girl.  She bowed once to the retreating figure and took the child into the house.  The girl fell into bed and knew no more that night.  The woman stared into the darkness, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Within the hour agreed upon, the figure returned to that forsaken hilltop.  His light was dimmed to the slight flickering of a dying candle.  He stood before the men with a drooping head but a righteous fire blazed in his eyes.  The king laughed him to scorn, drew his blade, and approached the apparently cowed creature.  Steel flickered in the light as the blade struck home.  The light dimmed and went out.  As if from a vast distance, a great wailing cry rent the night, as if the earth itself had been mortally wounded by the blow.  A wind came howling out of the west and clouds blotted out the sky.  Darkness engulfed the world, lightning flashed in the heavens, and thunder rolled as if all creation reared up in fury at the atrocity that had occurred.  The hill itself began to roll like a wave on the sea and split in two.  The men were thrown from their feet and retreated in confusion and fear from the horror before them.  Their horses reared and snorted, broke loose, and disappeared into the storm.  
“What have you done!” roared one general over the wind.  “
I have loosed the wrath of the heavens,” screamed the king.  A panic spread among them and all fled into the darkness.

The next morning, the girl rode up the accursed hill hoping to find some trace of her rescuer.  She found the vile blade broken in two, but no sign of the mysterious glowing figure.  She dismounted and peered with dismay into the gaping chasm that had once been the heart of the hill.  “What is it you seek?” asked a voice behind her.  
With a shriek of pure joy she flung her arms around the figure that now stood at her shoulder, glowing like the sun.  “You are alive!” she said.  
“Yes,” said he simply.  
“But what of last night?” asked she, “I was sure you had been slain.  What of that horrible shriek and the dreadful darkness?”  
“My life cannot be taken against my will.  Before anything ever was and after all has passed into nothing, I was and ever will be.  I laid down my life not only for you, but for all things that would have been utterly destroyed by the acts of last night.  Your blood would have strengthened that foul demon beyond anything he has yet achieved.  My blood offered willing in exchange for another’s broke his power.  What began in selfishness and evil, ended in selflessness and love, which alone has power to conquer the darkness.  He has been vanquished but not destroyed.  He still lurks in the world, full of malice and hate and ready to assist any who give themselves over to a lust for power and destruction.  Until last night, mankind had lived in peace and harmony with one another and with all creation, but that peace has been shattered.  Man has shown himself vulnerable to evil, willing to place himself above all else, even his own children.  It is no longer safe to assume that all men are good in and of themselves.  Each individual must hereafter make a decision to follow what is right and good, or to follow his own selfish path into evil and darkness.  From the dawn of mankind, it was given into your hands to decide whether to pursue goodness or darkness.  A member of your race has chosen the ultimate evil and with his fall, all are now required to make a decision that once came naturally to all.” 
The girl fell sobbing at his feet, feeling in herself the dreadful truth she had just heard spoken.  It was as if something inside her had been torn or ripped away and she was left with a gaping hole, much like the defiled face of the hill.  Looking up into his eyes, she said, “I have lost something within myself.  I am no longer whole.  I have a longing, a desire for something.  Something, though I know not what.  Something greater than myself.”  
“Yes,” said he, “your whole race now shares that same longing.  And with what you fill that hole will determine the course of your life, and the lives of all those around you, from now and ever onwards.  Choose carefully.”  
“Can I choose you?” she asked hesitantly.  
A smile crept over his face and the whole hillside seemed to laugh with joy.  “Of course,” he said.  “After last night, the world is hurting and needs to be told these things which you have just heard.  I need someone to go forth and tell them.  Bring your horse forward.”  
The girl ran over to the horse which had strayed and was happily nibbling at weeds upon the far side of the hill.  She led the beast towards the figure.  The stallion pulled back against the reins and nearly reared, trying to avoid the glowing figure before him.  “Do not be afraid my simple beast,” said the figure, “from now and ever onwards, you and your descendants will no longer be considered simple.”  The figure turned his side towards the girl and for the first time she saw the gaping wound in his side.  From it dribbled a steady stream of silver blood.  She gasped in horror and drew back.  “Do not be afraid,” he said, “this is the price of last night’s adventure.  Though much was lost, much good also came of it.  Take a drop of my blood on your finger and place it on the horse’s tongue.”  Hesitantly the girl complied.  Almost reverently she poked a finger into the sliver stream and placed a drop of the precious fluid into the horse’s mouth.  
An indignant snort was followed by a blinding flash.  She no longer held a horse by the reins but a unicorn.  The sorrel coat had become white as the snow; wisdom and fire were in his once placid and simple eyes.  Cloven hooves of silver had replaced his single hooves of grey.  A silver horn protruded proudly from his forehead.  He shook his head in disgust a few times and looked with dismay at the girl and the glowing figure.  
“Remove his bit,” laughed the figure.  The girl complied and the unicorn seemed much happier.  “Now it is your turn,” said he.  The girl looked with shock and disgust at the gaping hole in the figure’s side and turned pleading eyes to his.  “If you really wish to serve me, you must taste of my blood,” he said, “by doing so you are binding yourself to me and my purposes.  You will gain much in wisdom and abilities but in doing so you are also swearing to serve me, even with the forfeit of your life be it necessary.  Do you wish to proceed?”  
She nodded and did as she was bidden.  She seemed to grow taller and a thirst for knowledge grew within her.  A deeper understanding of things once hidden to mortal mind blossomed in her heart.  She had changed as much as the horse.  
“Now,” said the figure,” I will tell you of things long hidden to the race of men, things vital to your quest.  The demon of war, to whom your father nearly sacrificed you, was once my greatest servant.  But he desired things beyond his grasp and made an attempt to supplant me as The Master of All.  He was banished from my presence and ever since has made war upon all that is good and wonderful.  He has claimed lordship over all creation and still yearns for the power he cannot have.  Until last night, he had made little progress in his war against me, but last night there came a breaking.  Men, who had once lived in peace, have heeded his call and some have broken away from me seeking the power promised by their new master.  Now all must decide whether to follow him or me.  None can sit this out.  By stepping aside, they are simply declaring themselves for him, if only by doing nothing.  This is war a war that has raged since before the world began, there can be no civilians.  He will devour everything if all stand aside and let him.  I will only do so much.  I am Master of all things, but I have given all sapient creatures a choice, and upon that freedom I will not trespass.  They must choose what is right or what is evil.  I will not infringe upon their decisions for good or ill.  If they choose the right, I can assist them, but if they choose the evil I can only stand aside and weep for their ill choices and dire fate.  That is why I could not interfere directly in the affairs of last night.  It is up to you, and those like you: my servants, to pursue evil in whatever form or guise it takes and do what you must to defeat it and to defend the innocent.  You must spread word of this through all lands and to all peoples.  It will not be easy and there will be great heartache along the way but you will never be alone; it must be done or evil will consume the world and all within it.  Last night a deadly blow was dealt to my enemy, but he is still lurking about and still very powerful.  In the end, he will be completely vanquished but until that final day, you are all that stands between the world and devastation.  A rent has been created in the hearts of men.  They will yearn for me and try to fill the gap with all sorts of vain things.  You must tell them the truth of what you have seen.  Last night, the innocence of man was lost, but by my blood it can be healed.”
The girl had been held spellbound by the tale.  The light around the figure dimmed a little, just enough so that she could make out his full form.  She had glimpsed a horse-like figure last night and this morning, but now saw him fully, as if a fog had lifted.  He was similar to the unicorn standing at her shoulder, but taller and more terrible; his horn and hooves were of gold and he glowed with the very light of the sun. 
“Your faithful steed will be the father of the race of mortal unicorns and you shall be the first among a great and future throng of my servants.  I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world but I will be found by those who seek me.  Go forth and teach what you have been taught, fight evil, and protect the innocent.”  With that he seemed to glow brighter and as the sun topped the head of the hill, vanished into the blinding rays.”

The group let out a cumulative sigh of wonder as the story finished; the teller thereof wore a slight smile, ever loving the spell such a telling cast over his audience.  He shooed them off to their next class, though a pair seemed intent on lingering behind, some innate sense told him to leave them be, for far more important matters were afoot than a missed geometry lesson.  He withdrew and left the malingerers to themselves.  With the vanishment of all the others, Jace and Jay withdrew to a far corner of the lawn, under an ancient and spreading oak, where they sat in silence for a very long time, neither wishing to break the enchantment the storyteller had wrought.
Jay said at last, wonder and dismay fighting for dominance in his voice, “perhaps I had it all wrong?  Perhaps there is hope...even for me?”  His voice hardened, becoming grim and bitter, “no, a well told tale does not make it true.  It cannot be, it will not be.  We will continue as we have begun.”  He turned to his companion, “you had best not be late for your appointment with the lady.”  Jace nodded sadly and led the way to dinner.
The meal passed much as their turn about the lawn had: tedious and insipid, the lady solely focused on herself.  As Jace made the proper courtesies before parting, she said, “I believe you are quite adequate, sir, you will attend me from this moment forth as I deem appropriate.  Farewell.”  With these warmest of wishes, she turned suddenly on her heel and went to find the girls she now kept company with, to tell of her great joy and eagerness to return home, the former only a figment of her imaginings.
Jay had already retired to their room and Jace uneasily joined him there, it had been far too long a day already and he knew the wraith was not one that required much in the way of sleep, but strangely he felt far less of a need for it himself than he thought he should.  Taking a deep breath to settle himself, he opened the door and went in.  Jay was huddled in the corner of his bed in a very un-wraithlike configuration.  He looked up dully when his roommate returned, but instead of demanding to know how Jace’s meal with Ella had gone, he simply slumped back against the wall and was lost again to his own uneasy maunderings.  Jace left him to mull in peace, for he had his own conundrums with which to wrestle.
He woke to find the sun trying to peep in through a small slit in the drapes, Jay still sat in a disconsolate heap by the wall.  Jace stood, stretched, and studied his companion with concern, “what has you so out of sorts, my friend?”
Jay was on his feet in a moment, snarling in fury, “how dare you use that word with me!”
Jace frowned, “friend?”
Jay shuddered, “I am incapable of friendship; I have no friends and need none.  We are both of us nothing but tools.”
Jace shook his head, “feel that way if you must, but I for one shall count you as a friend, even if you refuse to acknowledge it.  Neither am I a tool, I will aid you as I might, but I will not be used for nefarious purposes by anyone.”
Jay went suddenly limp, sitting hunched on the bed, said he morosely, “what have I embroiled myself in?  It all sounded so exciting when I chose this doom, but now I find it empty, lonely, and completely pointless.”  He turned a pained gaze upon Jace, “had I half your hope, perhaps I could find the courage to abandon this futile existence.”  Could he cry, tears would have quenched his fiery eyes, “you think it is not too late, I could find them still?  My parents?  My friend?”
Jace said with unabashed joy, “my friend, there is always hope in the Master, His hope is my hope and it can be yours!”
The room grew dark, only Jay’s eyes giving off a dim red glow, like dying embers, while a cold, inexplicable wind suddenly moaned in the corners.  Jay shuddered, “I can’t do it!  I will die!  I must continue as I have begun; it is all that is left to me!  It is all of it pointless!  I am doomed regardless!  It is all lies, hopeless lies, just like this life I currently live!”
Jace felt something shift within himself and knew his Master’s power stirred, his face became that which he had worn since birth, he held a glowing sword in his hands, and he knew his being was radiant from within, not with the blinding light he must conceal at all times, but rather a gentle, cool light, like mist in the moonlight that dissipates the fear of impenetrable night.  The wind and darkness retreated to the farthest corners of the room while Jay stared in astonishment and hope, the despair and terror melting away.
“Jace!” gasped he, going to one knee before his friend, “you weren’t destroyed!  Your Master is faithful indeed and far stronger than mine.  Strike true and free me from this living death.”  He smiled then, sadly, but with a trace of eagerness in his voice, “may He have mercy on my forsaken soul!”  Joy itself kindled in those flaming eyes, “I will see my father yet, even as I received back my friend!  We shall meet again, on some bright morning when night is but a memory!”  He bowed his head and Jace raised his blade even as he felt the darkness rushing upon them both, intent on quenching that awful light while the wind howled like a hurricane and beat upon them just as sorely.  He struck, as he knew he must, even as shadow and light collided, leaving only utter darkness.
He blinked in disbelief, as consciousness returned, to find sunlight joyously suffusing the room after the flight of that unnatural darkness, the wind having torn the drapes away in its fury.  He wearily sat up and glanced about, only to stiffen in alarm as his gaze met that of a completely horrified Warrior.  The man took an unconscious step back in terror as Jace gained his feet and fully took in the situation.  Jay lay dead upon the floor, his wrappings having been stripped away by that horrid wind, pallid with lack of blood, his throat cut, and a stab wound through his heart, but fully human.  Jace smiled sadly at the passing of his friend, but joy stirred in his heart to know he was free of his horrid enslavement to the darkness, and amusement threatened to overwhelm all at the thought of what this must look like to the astonished Kent.
The Warrior gasped at last, his hand on his sword, “what has happened here?  I felt some great stirring of evil and rushed to see what was afoot, only to open the door and discover this terrible scene!”
Jace grinned ruefully, taking in the chaotic mess that was the once tidy room, the bloodless corpse, and having no explanation whatsoever to give this man.  Said he at last, “I will give an account to the Lady herself and she alone.”
The man shook his head grimly, “things do not look good for you lad, and if you make such egregious demands, they can only grow worse.  The Lady may hear your case, if it is warranted, but you must at least confess your part before we trouble her with this matter.”
Jace shook his head, “I cannot do as you ask.  She alone may hear the tale.  Do as you feel you must.”
The Warrior nodded grimly, “so be it, but will you tell me one thing?”  Jace looked him calmly in the eye, as if awaiting the query, the man asked, “did you kill your companion?”
Jace frowned, trying to discern how best to answer without betraying the full tale and yet tell the complete truth, said he with a sigh, “it was I that struck him through the heart, but whether that was the cause of death is another matter entirely.”
The man shook his head at this cryptic answer and then frowned, “where is the weapon?”  For, there was neither sword nor dagger present anywhere in the room.
Jace grinned, “that I do not know.”
The man approached and said gravely, “I am afraid you must await your trial in the dungeons lad, unless you can be more forthcoming.”  Jace shook his head and allowed the man to escort him back to the cell in which this entire strange adventure had begun.  He cast a last, wondering look upon his dead friend as he was led away, musing that Jay’s own adventures had only just begun.  
He was secured in the familiar cell, though the dungeon was far from empty this time as the bandits that had attacked the merchant train were gradually rounded up and brought back to Astoria for trial.  Said the Warrior in parting, “I will convey your case and demands to the Lady, but she has little patience with such antics.”
Jace said patiently, “I demand nothing, but only speak the truth, to the Lady alone may I tell the tale.”  The man shook his head in wonder as he exited the dungeons.
One of the bandits in an adjacent cell said in some confusion, “I know these Brethren are sticklers for the rules, but why jail one of their own students?  What did you do lad, cheat on a test?”
Jace smiled grimly, “they suspect me of murdering a fellow student.”
The hardened criminals in the other cells laughed heartily at the thought of this mere boy as a murderer.  As the day passed, the cells grew more crowded as more bandits were apprehended; there were dark mutters amongst the other prisoners that the lad should not be allowed a cell to himself while the Brethren wondered what to do with the curious case.  It was rare that something of this severity occurred amongst the Students, and then to bow to the perpetrator’s insane demands to appear before the Lady alone without first cooperating with her subordinates was unthinkable!  But it was a serious case and the dungeons were growing far too crowded to allow him a cell to himself, but to put these violent men in with him could only result in more tragedy.
Kent returned and asked of Jace, “the Lady will see you, but it cannot be alone.  Is there anyone amongst the Brethren who might accompany you?”
Jace smiled, “the swordmaster would be acceptable.”
The Warrior nodded, “I shall arrange it and return for you.”  He vanished and soon returned, “come along lad, we are in desperate need of this cell; the Lady will hear your case immediately with the swordmaster present, as you requested.”
Jace nodded, “it will suffice.”  The guard gave him a startled look, as if wondering who this boy thought he was to be demanding anything of anyone!  They proceeded in silence, Jace trying desperately to hide his amusement at the uncanny situation and silently wondering what this would do to his reputation amongst the students, especially with Ella, with his luck she’d probably be all the more smitten with him.


9

The Lady sat grimly in her accustomed chair, the swordmaster stood respectfully off to one side, his face schooled to dour indifference, while the boy and his escort made their courtesies.  After checking that Jace’s hands were securely bound, the Warrior gave the Lady a resigned look and bowed his head; she dismissed him by saying, “you leave me in capable hands Kent, the swordmaster can certainly deal with any dreadful situation that might arise forthwith.”  He did not look convinced but dared not disobey the Lady, so bowed himself out and shut the door firmly behind him.
She turned grave eyes upon the unknown student before her, the swordmaster’s grim expression turned to one of amusement, as the Lady began, “you stand accused of murdering a fellow student, of refusing to cooperate with the investigation, and of making obscene demands upon my time and safety.”
Jace grinned, which was not at all the reaction she had expected, and said, “all perfectly true my Lady, but a situation I could not help as I am forbidden from speaking of this to anyone but my colleagues and yourself.”
She turned suspicious eyes upon the swordmaster, “more mysteries to which I cannot be privy?”  He bowed his head in acknowledgement, a very bland expression on his face.
She looked again upon the accused and gaped, for now an entirely different individual stood before her.  Remembering that this was not the first such demonstration she had seen, she quickly regained her composer and said to Jace, in guise as himself, “what really happened to your friend?”
Jace bowed deeply and began the tale, “he sold himself bodily into evil my Lady, but sorely regretted it and finally decided it was a mistake.  He sought the Master at the last, but in doing so doomed himself, for he had promised his very life blood in exchange for powers dark and terrible, thus when he fled the darkness, he no longer had a living physical body to call his own.  It was in this unfortunate position that your servant found me.”
She was both vastly horrified and rather amused at the unseemliness of the situation and the boy’s predicament therewith.  At last she nodded, “at least it was not murder, though it was horrific enough in its own right it has a happy ending.  Now what to do with you?  I thought I had sent you with your mentor in pursuit of a certain evil artifact?”
Jace grinned, “my orders changed at the last moment Lady, but I know where the object is, in fact it has not left Astoria.  Jay had it in his keeping and foolishly gave it to Ella in hopes of gaining her attention.”
She frowned, “we cannot just take it from her, nor do I think she would willingly hand it over if we asked for it.”  She smiled in grim amusement, “in fact, she was in here within an hour of your alter ego’s incarceration demanding the release of her fiancé!  She intends to leave on the morrow to return home, with or without you.”
Jace sighed heavily, “then I must accompany her I suppose, though she is well aware that I have in no way attached myself to her in any official capacity, most especially in a romantic sense.  She is just so desperate for a ‘proper’ husband that she will take just about anyone at this point.  Perhaps on the journey I can convince her to part with the orb, at least I can protect her from those that will undoubtedly be drawn to it.”
The Lady raised her eyebrows, “the fell man Scamp is currently hunting?”
Jace nodded, “the same, and perhaps others.  Jay said his master’s minions were desperate to retrieve the item.”
She smiled slightly, “you are quite bold for a mere Apprentice, even telling me what your next assignment shall be.”
Jace met her gaze unflinching, “I know what I must do Lady, I apologize if you feel I am undermining your authority but that is not my intent.”
She sighed, “I shall just have to get used to it, I suppose, but shall I recall Baye and Adan from their attempt to find this thing if you know where it is?”
Jace shook his head, “they may have set out to find the orb but I think they will find themselves upon an entirely different quest soon enough, one with grave repercussions should they fail.”
She shivered, “my thoughts exactly.  I must acquit you of murder, but you will understand if I ask that you leave Astoria immediately, ‘Ace?’”
Jace grinned, “all the better, for I must accompany my so-called beloved home lest danger beset her upon the way.”
She smiled grimly, “and I know just the man to send with you.”  Jace gaped as she asked the swordmaster to fetch the Warrior who currently awaited the prisoner without.  Jace shifted back to ‘Ace,’ as the man was called back into the Lady’s presence.  
He bowed deeply to the Lady and asked, “what would you have of me, my Lady?”
Said she, “a Student of noble birth, one Ella, intends to ride home on the morrow.  You will accompany her to see that no tragedy befalls her upon the way.  This young man will be attending the lady as well, in the guise of her betrothed.  He will be in command of this expedition; you are to consider his orders as my own.”  Both Warrior and Student gaped but she gave no further explanation before dismissing them all.
The swordmaster clapped the lad on the back as he passed, saying, “you’ll do well lad.”  He caught the perplexed Warrior’s eye and said, “fear not Kent, the Lady knows what she is about.  There is far more to the story than any of us yet know.  Do your duty and all will be well.”
Ella came dashing up to them in a very unladylike manner the moment they rounded the corner, nearly colliding with Jace.  Said she in rapturous tones, “so you are free to go?  What a dreadful situation you must have survived this day!  I knew you were a man well worthy of me and this only proves it!”  She waxed eloquent on her own fine taste, leaving Jace to exchange a frantic look with the Warrior, who actually smiled at the lad’s predicament, perhaps he should have stayed quietly in the dungeons.  She told them of her plans to leave early on the morrow, Jace assured her of his company, and informed her that the Warrior would also be coming at the Lady’s behest.  She studied him for a moment and then nodded, “it is only fitting.”  She then turned abruptly and vanished to make her preparations, leaving the pair to exchange an amused shake of heads.
Before parting to attend to their own errands, the Warrior asked of the boy, “so the Lady was content with your story then?”
Jace nodded, “I am no murderer, my friend chose his own fate.  He recanted of a great evil at the end but it cost him his life.  I was merely the instrument of justice.”
Kent shook his head in wonder but smiled slightly, “that is more of the tale than I had ever hoped to hear and therein must I be content.  I will see you on the morrow.”  He bowed his head in farewell and hastened off to attend to his own preparations.  Jace grinned at his retreating back and did likewise.
His preparations finished, he sought sanctuary in the empty room that would be his for the night to avoid the gossip and wondering looks of his fellow Students, both at his impending flight and the infamy surrounding his final encounter with Jay.  Glad was he when morning came, or at least the wan light of predawn, and he could climb into his saddle and ride away from it all for a time.  He was finding it hard to relate to the Students anymore, having been through so much of late that he could neither tell them nor could they begin to understand.  He still felt an affinity for his Brothers, but even they could not truly understand his wonderful and perplexing situation.  
Ella was waiting for them in the courtyard with a young maid and a pair of guards she had hired to accompany her on the trip home, she would not wait a day longer that her father might send a proper escort.  Kent was in his saddle and Jace only a moment behind him.  She gave Jace what she thought was a fond smile, but looked merely possessive.  Said he as they set off, “my lady, I am taking command of this expedition, at least as it pertains to your safety.  You must agree to do as I say if things grow dangerous.”  She looked at him in astonishment, never having thought him so bold as to make such a demand, but she found his impertinence strangely attractive and gave him her consent.  He smiled gratefully and continued, “in all other matters you may do as it pleases you.”  He said quietly, “you must also know I have no intention of marrying you.”
She smiled at him as if he were being foolish and said, “of course you think that at the moment, but that will all change once you see how wealthy and powerful such an alliance will surely make you.”  
Jace shook his head sadly but she did not notice as she fell back to chat with her maid.  Kent rode beside him for a time and they spoke quietly of what was to be done should something go amiss.  Jace fully agreed that the Warrior should have his head should bandits or others of a more usual sort waylay them, but was firm that should a certain man of vile tendency fall upon them, he alone would deal with the matter and the Warrior was to see that the lady got safely home, regardless of what happened.  To this he reluctantly agreed, and only because the Lady had sworn him to do so.  The hired guardsmen kept their distance from the other men in the party, happy to have someone else in charge of security that they need only ride along and hopefully do nothing to actually earn their pay, scant as it was.

Several days passed in quiet and tedium, but Jace was uneasy, feeling a rising tension as each day brought something or someone closer.  His unicorn informed him that Scamp and his apprentice were somewhere close, likely in pursuit of the villain that undoubtedly pursued the orb, but it was only moments later that a unicorn’s horror and grief echoed through his mind, as it had the day their comrades had been slain in the attack on the merchant caravan.  Jace motioned for the party to halt and then said quietly to Ella, “there is some fell villain ahead, my lady, in pursuit of an item you carry.  He will leave you alone, if only you will surrender the item to him.  If he must take it from you, none will survive his wrath.”
She gasped, “but what could I have that such a fiend would value?  I hardly have any jewelry and my coin is near its end.”
Jace shook his head, “nay lady, it looks to be a glass orb, given into your keeping by a former friend.”
She frowned in consternation for a long moment and then said in wonder, “that thing?  I kept it out of sheer curiosity, it can have no material value, but I will certainly give it up if it will spare my life.”  Her frown deepened, “you do not mean to give it to him, do you?”
Jace said grimly, “it must not fall into his hands, madam.  I will do what I must.  Now fetch the sphere and then make haste to be far away from here ere he comes!”
Kent rode up, a frown on his face, “were it not for my orders, I would meet this foe with you but I must see the lady safe.”
Jace smiled grimly, “your faithfulness touches me, my friend, but we each of us have our duty.  May the Master ride with you!”
Ella returned with the sphere, safely contained within a satin pouch, said she as she gave it into his keeping, “the thing always caused me some unease whenever I handled it so it has remained tucked away amongst my things, I nearly forgot about it.  At least if you do not come back, I shall have the right to don mourning and quite the tale to tell.”  She smiled at this and hurriedly rode off at Kent’s insistence.  He gave Jace a quick salute, flashed a proud smile, and then vanished around the bend with his charge.
Jace hefted the sphere in his hand, feeling the evil power churning in its midst; it was far too heavy for its size.  His mount screamed his fury and galloped towards the source of the other unicorn’s grievous outcry.  They soon found the place: a tangled mass of thorny black trees from which emanated an evil aura like fog creeping out of a riverbed of an evening.  Jace dismounted, ordered his unicorn to stand watch, took the sphere in hand, and entered the evil covert.  He felt eyes upon him the moment he entered, said he, “I have what you seek.”
“Yes,” said a fiendish voice, “I can feel it.  Give it to me and I will let you live.”
Jace barked a derisive laugh, “that I highly doubt.”  His gaze fell upon Hawk, lying off to one side, pale and cold, his uniform tattered and stained with blood.  He knelt beside the boy, felt a weak pulse and smiled as he felt the light within himself flow into the moribund boy, as it had once done for the blind Brie.  He stood and found the remains of Scamp, apparently mauled by the villain’s monster.  Jace scanned the glade for some sign of his foe and at last found him crouching in the shadows on the far side, watching in grim amusement.
The boy approached, making no move towards his weapons, the orb within its sack in his hand.  The villain grinned, “I see you have noticed my handiwork, join me and you need not join them.”  He frowned, “you were not foolish enough to take the Oath were you?”
Jace said grimly, “I have never taken the Oath.”
The villain stood and smiled, “very well then, what do you say?  I could do much with one so cunning and bold.”
Jace shook his head, “that will not be possible I fear.”
The man shrugged as if it were of no matter, “then give me the orb and prepare to die.”
Jace said grimly, a sudden thought occurring to him, “very well, but first let me look upon this thing for which so many have sought and died.”
“Have it your way,” groused the evil man, “it is not much to look at.”
Jace opened the bag and glimpsed a sphere of dark glass, an occasional streak of burnt orange or nauseous green flickering at its heart like so much lightning but otherwise it was remarkably unremarkable, save for the evil that seemed to suffuse and surround it.  He reached in and took hold of the sphere, at which the vile man shrieked in horror at his fatal mistake, though none could hear him over the shrieking of the sphere itself, which sounded as if all the cicadas in the world were singing off key at its heart.  Jace felt the carefully concealed light within him snuffed out like a candle caught in a draft and all conscious awareness went with it.  The sphere went from argent red to dead black then exploded into ten thousand crystalline shards as its keening reached a crescendo, shredding the vile man and the lifeless Jace as it did so.
The place lay quiet, too quiet, as if to make up for the unnatural cacophony, for a few long minutes after the explosion, during which nothing stirred but the faint flutter of Hawk’s chest as he slept peacefully, unaware of all that had happened.  At last a unicorn stepped into the once forsaken glade, which was now just another hidden dell of the vast eastern forests.  He nosed at the tattered remnants of Scamp, a brilliant light engulfing his master and fading to reveal him whole and smiling ruefully at his old friend.  He glanced about glumly, expecting to find his apprentice dead or worse, but was astonished to find him sleeping peacefully, no longer injured or poisoned by the wounds wrought by their foe’s dreadful blade.
He frowned in consternation, wondering if the boy’s unicorn had come in time, but the faithful creature stood protectively off to one side of his sleeping master.  He continued to scan the covert and found his answer at last, amidst a mire of black ooze and shattered glass lay a boy, or what had been a boy before his attempt to unmake the sphere.  Scamp stood and took the lad by the hand, a pulse of light entering the boy as Scamp raised him to his feet.  Averting his eyes at the resulting brilliance, Jace blinked sheepishly when they could again see.  He exchanged a wondrous smile with Scamp and then studied his handiwork.
Hawk sat up, stretched, and yawned on the far side of the clearing, as if he had just woken in his own bed rather than in a den of evil somewhere in the wildwood.  He blinked sleepily at Scamp, having fallen to the villain’s blade at the very first and thus having no idea that his mentor had tangled with the monster and met his own doom thereby.  He frowned at Jace, wondering what he was doing in such a place, and then slowly stood, saying in puzzlement, “what happened?”
Scamp clapped him warmly on the shoulder and said, “it was a near thing, but thankfully we had a little help in saving the day.  Our nemesis is no more, as is his grim artifact.  We have lived to see it and will rejoice thereat!”  His eyes narrowed thoughtfully as he glanced at Jace, “did you come alone lad?”
Jace shook his head and smiled ruefully, “we were accompanying the lady Ella home, along with a pair of hired guards, her lady’s maid, and a Warrior called Kent.  Her so-called betrothed was the one who brought the orb to this place and saw it destroyed, alas he was killed in process.”
Scamp smiled in amusement, “you say this lad died heroically to spare his intended?”
Jace returned the smile, “you could say that.”
Scamp frowned, “how did she come by the artifact?”
Jace shook his head, “Jay’s father had given it to him ere their parting and he gave it to her, hoping to somehow win her affections thereby.”
Scamp nodded, “we had best accompany said lady home then, seeing as she has been deprived of the boldest of her escort.  We will give her tidings of her lover’s fate, a pity that, he sounds like a brave lad.”
Jace gave him a roguish smile, “certainly a pity, I am sure.  I’ll head back to Astoria and inform the Lady that all is well.”  
They bid him a warm farewell and went in search of the fleeing Ella, who did justice to her heroic beloved with her emotional theatrics and donned black for nearly a year before she finally found a man worth pursuing, and it was at that precise moment that her former tragedy was suddenly forgotten, not that it had ever truly vexed her heart in the first place.

Jace rode back to Astoria with a light heart, eager to tell the Lady that this crisis at least was past.  Within sight of the city, the world suddenly went dark and his unicorn screamed in terror, flinging his rider and fleeing.  Jace huddled on the ground and shuddered, wondering what dreadful thing could reduce the otherwise fearless creature to a panic-stricken horse, knowing full well who and what it must be.  
Scoffed a voice, as if it were a man speaking to a cowardly dog, “you are a pesky little thing, but before I squash you like the insect you are, I give you one last chance to spare your pathetic soul.”
A sphere of clear glass rolled out of the darkness and stopped only inches from the terrified boy’s face.  Said the horrid voice, “you destroyed the Eye and you will be the one to replace it or I will destroy you utterly, even your so-called Master will not be able to redeem you from what is to come!  Give yourself up willingly, renew the Eye, and all will be well, else you know what awaits you.”  The voice trailed off with awful, mocking laughter, which made Jace cringe all the more.
“You are the father of lies,” whispered he, “do what you wish, but my Master will never forsake me and He has already defeated your evil.”
“We shall see, little flea,” mocked the voice, as the darkness became palpable and began to crush in around him, like the pressure in the depths of the sea.  He felt himself crumpling into something far too small and spherical for comfort and suddenly knew the Fiend was trying to force him into accepting the sphere or would use brute force to accomplish his ends, futile as they might be.  The light inside him flared forth in protest but flickered out like a guttering candle as the darkness incessantly pressed in and crushed the boy into nothingness.

Jared was standing at the castle gates in his usual place when they brought him in: a cold, pale form, nearer a corpse than a living man, a weak, thready pulse the only sign of life; a returning patrol had found him along the road, curled in a ball, as if some great fist had attempted to crush him in its grasp.  He queried the lad’s unicorn as to what had happened, his blood ran cold at the aggrieved creature’s reply.  This was no brush with death from which the boy would soon waken; he had been touched by the Evil One himself, a thing which no mortal creature could endure without tragedy.  They lay the stretcher momentarily in the courtyard as one of the bearers ran off to prepare a room for the stricken apprentice; none barred his way as the servant knelt beside the unmoving form.  He studied the boy, his face growing grim indeed, for Jace showed no signs of waking, not even when he surreptitiously sent a pulse of light into his inert form.  There was no echoing flicker from within the boy; it was as if his light had been extinguished like an unneeded candle.
Jared stood with a sigh and followed silently after as the bearers took up the stretcher and lay him in the prepared room.  The doctor studied the boy, shaking his head and saying, “I have never seen the like.  There is no physical injury that can account for it.  Perhaps some great shock to his system has rendered him thus?  I do not know if he will ever recover.”
At least in this last Jared agreed with the physician, the boy was not likely to waken any time soon unless their Master intervened.  A grim smile settled on his face as an idea suddenly dawned, intervene He would, if through the least of His servants.  The doctor soon chased everyone from the room, or thought he had, for Jared could hide himself from casual sight as easily as he could change his face.  Once the door was firmly closed behind the last of the mournful throng, Jared drew his dagger and approached the form in the bed.  Poised to strike, someone chose that unfortunate moment to enter the sickroom.  Jared’s eyes widened to see the Lady herself enter with a Warrior beside her, Jared vaguely recognized him as a lad just out of his apprenticeship, but even so, he was no stranger to danger or how to deal with it.
“No!” squawked the young Warrior, as he simultaneously drew his sword and lunged at the murderous servant.
Jared smiled ruefully, knowing there was only one thing to do, as he plunged the dagger into Jace’s heart even as he felt the boy’s sword rip through his own.
The Lady stared in horror as the tragic scene unfolded, the noise drawing all those still outside the door back into the room to witness the fatal moment.  Knowing she must regain control of the situation, she bellowed, “everyone out!”
Even in their shock, none dared defy her and hastily retreated from the room, leaving only the young Warrior, still holding his bloody sword, and the two dead men.  She stared stonily at the boy, knowing she could not reprimand him for reacting as he had been taught, but her annoyed glare was rebuke enough, for he was very soon awkwardly studying his boot tips.  She mused grimly, perhaps she had released him from his apprenticeship too soon if he acted this rashly!  Said she with forced calm, “go and fetch the swordmaster.”  He stared at her as if she had asked him to dance a jig then and there, but bobbed an awkward bow and dashed headlong from the room while she grimly studied the unmoving forms.  Whatever Jared was up to, why couldn’t he wait for a more private moment rather than have half the population of Astoria there to witness it?
She sighed heavily, wondering how to disentangle herself from this minor crisis, when a knock sounded at the door and she said, “enter!”
The swordmaster ducked in with a very proper bow and a curious expression in his usually stoic eyes; she bade the Warrior await her without.  She rounded on the swordmaster the moment the door closed, “what was Jared up to?  Why did he try to kill a boy on death’s doorstep?”
The swordmaster grinned, “why not ask him yourself?”
She frowned at his perceived insolence and glanced significantly at the man’s unmoving corpse.  His smile deepened as he laid a hand to the man’s chest; she gasped when Jared suddenly flinched and gasped back to life.  Jared blinked up at the Lady, a sheepish smile on his once flaccid face.  She shook her head and sighed, but dismissed the swordmaster, waiting for the door to shut firmly before demanding of the seemingly murderous servant, “what is all this about?”  Then added in exasperation, “can it not wait until later when there is no one around to witness it?”
Jared paled, “who saw what?”
She smiled grimly, “half the keep saw you drive a dagger into the boy’s heart and a sword run through your own.”
Jared shook his head, “I suppose the timing was inopportune but I thought the doctor had chased everyone off for a few hours.”  He turned grim eyes upon the corpse in the bed, “this is no natural affliction Lady, he was touched by the Nameless One, and while life lingered, he would live on in this indifferent state.”
She studied the prone form on the bed and then turned knowing eyes upon the servant, “and you thought to make an end of that indifferent state?  And as it seems you have a complete apathy towards death, it was neither murder, nor a mercy killing, but actually a cure.”  She smiled thoughtfully, “and that is why Baye has survived so many missions when he should have died on his first quest.”
Jared grinned, “he did die on his first quest, twice actually, but you are correct, death to us is merely a nuisance.”  He bowed to the Lady, “and if you would permit me, I will see that said nuisance is swiftly put to flight.”  She bowed her head and he placed a firm hand on Jace’s chest, sending light into the prone form, drawing him back to waking life.
He cried aloud in dismay and terror, still thinking himself a prisoner of the crushing darkness but suddenly realized he was in a comfortable room with Jared and the Lady of Astoria.  He smiled sheepishly, greeted them as courteously as he could in a supine position, and said brightly, “the orb and the one who sought it are both destroyed, my Lady.  Scamp and Hawk accompany the lady Ella home, and all is well.”  He shuddered, “at least I thought it was, until I met...him!”
Jared smiled proudly, “no wonder he thought to make an end of you lad!  You are a veritable menace to his plans, but know he cannot unmake or destroy anything the Master has wrought, a power the Master Himself will not employ.”  He turned sheepish eyes upon the Lady, “I suppose neither of us can be seen about the keep as ourselves now?”
She smiled in grim amusement at his appraisal of the situation, “that you cannot, as over a dozen people have now seen you both dead.”
Jared nodded, “you will have to appoint a new man to my post, perhaps I can be of assistance in finding a replacement?”  He grinned impishly, shifted slightly into a younger, fairer version of himself with a few obvious alterations in height and nose shape.  The Lady shook her head in exasperation, “very well, what shall I call your friend?”
“Jaire, would suffice, my Lady,” said he with a grin.  
She nodded and turned to Jace, now sitting upon the edge of the bed with a troubled look upon his face, asked she, “and what of you?”
He shook his head, “besides for the grief it will bring my mother and sister, I have no aversion to changing what I must.”
She nodded, a thoughtful frown on her face, then she addressed Jared, “could we pass him off as having survived this incident?  I can switch the servants around at will and no one asks questions, but the death of an apprentice within my own keep will arouse suspicions, especially with living kin about the place.”
Jared nodded, “only that young Warrior knows of a certain that I struck true, and in the fuss surrounding my own demise, I wonder if even he is certain?”
Her smile was mischief itself, an expression quite foreign to the usual dignity of the Lady of Astoria, said she to Jace, “you were stabbed, it is true, but it is also true that it rendered you no permanent harm, in fact it did quite the opposite and roused you from your stupor.  Master Jared thought he was doing you a favor, which our young Warrior mistook for danger and acted as he felt necessary.”  Her smile deepened, “I fear that you will have to act the corpse until you have been properly disposed of, Master Jaire, is that acceptable to you?”
Jared turned to the boy, “you had best make it real lad, consider it just recompense for my own bungling.”  Jace turned questioning eyes to the Lady, who could only shake her head in mystification that he would ask her for permission to run a man through at his own request.  He shrugged, drew his sword, and did just that.  Jared lay again upon the floor in a bloody, unmoving heap as the Lady opened the door, summoning the physician.  The young Warrior still stood without and she drew him into the room as well.
Said she quietly, as the astonished doctor studied the fully recovered Jace and confirmed the servant was indeed dead, “did the servant strike true?”
The Warrior frowned in consternation, shaking his head and staring in wonder at the quite healthy Jace, “I cannot say of a certain Lady, I thought he had but the evidence is quite to the contrary.”
She smiled slightly and said, “then let that be the tale, and next time please take a moment to think before rashly striking a fatal blow.  I know you meant well, but now he cannot tell us what it was he intended and why.”  The boy bowed deeply and withdrew from the room.  She turned next to the doctor and asked, “have you ever seen the like?”
The man shook his head in astonishment, “you say this boy was stabbed?  I cannot believe it, there is not a mark on him!”  Jace surreptitiously kicked his discarded shirt under the bed lest the doctor notice it bore a rent and bloodstains.  He shook his head, “as for the servant, sadly I’ve seen plenty of cases like his, and never more do they arise and walk.”
After the doctor left, the Lady had a final word for Jace, “you may pursue Baye and Adan upon whatever quest has captured their fancy, but do so as a full Brother.  You have shown yourself to be mature, thoughtful, courageous, and skilled far beyond your years.  A further apprenticeship will do you little good, but I have no say in matters pertaining to your more interesting occupation.  In that, as in all things, may the Master ride with you!”  She smiled wholeheartedly at him and left the room.  His mother burst in immediately after, demanding to know if he were truly well and whole.  Briane would have been right behind her, or perhaps secreted under the bed, had she not been out on her apprenticeship; Jace grinned, wondering what she would think when she heard he was already a full Brother: furious no doubt.  He grinned all the more.




Brother:




1

Word quickly spread of Jace’s miraculous recovery, and near miss, and of the tragic death of a certain longstanding servant.  None knew exactly what it was the man intended, but none could fathom Jared as a murderer, especially of a moribund boy.  With the lad’s recovery, it was whispered about that Jared had some secret knowledge as to the boy’s malady and its cure, which he effected but at the cost of his own life.  So strangely, the servant went from murderer to martyr in a very short span of time, which Jaire found vastly amusing.  There was some talk of a grand funeral, but the Lady said he would be buried in the usual manner of the Brethren, having no living kith or kin to argue the fact, as he had served them long and faithfully and died in the course of his duties.  So it was that the swordmaster and Jace carried their dead captain quietly out into the forest surrounding the city, but rather than burying him, they simply woke him up.
“A hero, huh?” he said with a wry grin, “strange how these tales get started.”  Jace hoped he would gape with his next revelation, but he only nodded, a knowing smile on his face, “no surprise there lad, you’ve proved yourself time and again to be ready, at least as far as the Brethren are concerned, but you still have much to learn of the Shadow.”  He caught the swordmaster’s eye, who nodded his agreement.  Continued he, “so you will still be under Baye’s tutelage for a little while at least.”  He grinned, “speaking of which, I believe you have your orders, if you have finished with all those pesky funereal details that is.”
The boy nodded, summoned his mount, bid them both a fond farewell, and raced back to the keep to make his preparations for departure.  They exchanged a grin at his youthful exuberance and settled on a more leisurely pace, said Jared as they set forth, “I might need your help getting back into the castle, the Lady has offered me a position but I am not yet known to the guards.”  The swordmaster grinned, promising to see what he could do.  Jared assumed the visage and name of Jaire and settled easily into his new position, as if he had been doing just that for years beyond count.

With all of his friends, and most of his former acquaintances, gone from Astoria or occupied elsewhere within it, Jace really had no one but his mother to see before he set off.  It was not yet midday and he hoped to share a quick meal with her before taking his leave.  Said she, in some concern and no little surprise as he entered the kitchens in the uniform of a full Brother, “is this a joke?”
Jace shook his head, “the Lady would kill me if she knew I had donned this uniform in jest.”
Juliene smiled grimly, “your sister will kill you if she finds out you have been promoted so soon.”
Jace grinned, “I would like to see her try.”  He sobered, “I have come to bid you farewell, I am off right after lunch.”
She gaped, “but you are just out of a sickbed!”
He nodded in understanding, “and I have never felt better.  Care to dine with me?”
She gave him that patient but exasperated look mothers reserve for their grown children when they think them making foolish decisions but must respect their supposed independence and maturity.  She said at last, “of course, but is this not a questionable time of year to be traveling?”  She shook her head at his impish smile and declined giving any more sensible advice.
She sat beside him in a quiet corner of the pantry and they talked of this and that, a far cry from his one-sided conversations with Ella.  Afterwards, she bid him a quiet farewell and he set off just as the sun reached its peak, eager to find his comrades but knowing he would miss his mother keenly and she him.  He smiled broadly at this unfamiliar sensation of having someone to miss and to be missed by.  The unicorn picked up his jovial mood and frisked his own joy as they rode off into the broad, bright world.  
Night came early and suddenly this late in the year in the northern half of the world, and this was no warm, genial summer evening when one rejoiced at being caught abroad at such an hour but a chill, dark, and lonely time without even a solitary star for company.  The only sound was the wind moaning forlornly in a hollow tree; Jace wondered how he had ever thought the world so broad and wonderful only hours before.  He huddled beside his pitiable fire, cloak and blankets doing little to keep out the morose wind with a bite as cold as the forsaken soul it sounded.  The unicorn stood within the ring of light, suddenly tossing his head and snorting in amusement, for it seemed he was untouched by the dark, the solitude, or the cold.  
Jace frowned at him in annoyance, happy that the creature was apparently beyond such paltry mortal concerns but vexed that he would take pleasure in a friend’s discomfort.  The creature blew out his nostrils in consternation at being misunderstood and then very clearly told the boy what was on his mind.  Jace smiled in spite of himself, “why did you not say so to begin with?”
The unicorn whickered sheepishly.  Jace nodded and smiled the more, “because this is as new to you as it is to me, I understand completely my friend, we both have much to learn about our new occupation.  What is this you say?  It makes sense, I suppose, as much as anything does any more.  If death is now just a nuisance, why should cold, hunger, tiredness, or loneliness be aught but a mild irritation?  You say I can ignore them completely if I so choose?”  The unicorn tossed his head excitedly, the boy shook his in amusement, and then focused on not being cold anymore.  He grinned widely, for his friend was right!  
He turned to the unicorn and asked, a thoughtful look on his face, “does this mean I can go indefinitely without food or sleep?”  The unicorn whickered his affirmation and Jace smiled ruefully, “so what is the sense in camping this night?  As neither of us will suffer for lack of sleep or rest, let us put the time to good use.”  The unicorn snorted, as if asking what had taken Jace so long to figure that out.
He asked, “you can see well enough in the dark?  Even with these clouds obscuring the stars?”
The unicorn snorted in ill-contained amusement and communicated another long overlooked fact to the boy, who gaped in astonishment at so obvious a revelation.  Said he with a wry smile, “now that you mention it, I had noticed it on occasion, though only subconsciously.  I can see as well as you in the dark!  What else have I to discover in this peculiar service?”  The unicorn’s amused but mysterious whicker was answer enough.  Jace shook his head in exasperation as he began collecting his gear, that they might get underway as soon as possible, while the unicorn watched in vast amusement.
The days and miles passed swiftly as the pair sought their comrades, somewhere to the north and west of Astoria.  Jace wondered why anyone would want to linger in the Wilds this time of year, he could understand the allure during a more pleasant season, but with winter coming on who would not go south, especially those possessed of a means to do so?  Of all the occupations in the world, a traveling merchant had the greatest flexibility when it came to choosing where and when he would go about his business.  To his mind, this was a perfect season to investigate the trading options available along the southern coast.  But they must have their reasons and he was very curious to learn what exactly they were, it must be something important to keep them in such an isolated part of the world at this time of year.
At last, as evening was falling, the unicorn alerted his rider that they were nearly upon their long sought companions.  They rounded a bend upon the miniscule trail, which one overly generous might call a game trail, and suddenly a small glade opened before them.  It was crammed near to bursting with wagons, horses, and people.  Jace grinned openly, suddenly minded of market day in Astoria, but with everyone crowded into half the space.  He recognized three wagons of similar make to those of the merchant train but the rest were of a design he had never before seen, there were also far too many people about to be the handful of families that had split off from the main group some months prior.  They were studying him with as much interest as he did them.
Suddenly a familiar face registered and he was immediately out of his saddle and assaulting the unfortunate personage with quite undignified exuberance.  Baye grinned at the lad, joy and surprise written all over his face.  Adan waded through the crowd and joined their happy reunion.  Once their initial enthusiasm had been satisfied, Baye said, “we need to find somewhere quiet to talk at length.”  The boys nodded and followed silently after, many curious gazes watching them vanish from the encampment.
They settled upon a trio of stones, covered with brown moss and frost, in a little clearing not far from the camp.  Baye asked eagerly, “what passes in Astoria?  Are you come to tell us that our quest is a futile one?”  He said this last in a strangely hopeful manner.
Jace frowned, “why are you so eager to be acquitted of your quest?”
Baye shook his head and smiled wryly, “I have found something else to do if we can somehow get that other little business out of the way.”
Jace smiled, “well, you are in luck.  The fiend is destroyed, as is the Eye of Phil, may nothing ever be named so inanely again!  The Lady sent me to aid you in whatever it is you have gotten yourselves into.”
Baye said with a laugh, “that isn’t the only thing she’s done lad, you forgot to mention your sudden change in uniform.”
Adan gaped, just now noticing the significance of Jace’s outfit, said he, “you are a full Brother already?”
Jace smiled ruefully, “for as much as it matters to us, Jared isn’t about to let me run loose unsupervised any time soon, no matter what the Lady thinks appropriate.”
Baye grinned from ear to ear, “at least someone is being sensible in this situation, now tell us all the tale ere we tell you ours.”  Jace nodded and told of his many adventures in the short time they had been parted.  Baye shook his head in amazement, “no wonder the Lady saw fit to promote you lad, you’ve had more adventures in two weeks than the average Warrior has in two years!  But now for our own wild tale, though quite tame by your standards.”  He laughed, “this may be downright dull in fact, but here goes.  You probably noticed a few peddler wagons in the adjacent clearing, the rest belong to the gypsies.  We interviewed the refugees and learned that a few of their comrades had broken off from the main group a few months prior, possibly taking the orb with them, so we set off in pursuit.  We found them, but alas, no orb, rather we discovered a most curious situation.”
Their conversation broke off as they heard approaching footsteps, all eyes turned to look upon the intruder: a greying man in his middle years, slightly bent with age and hard labor with keen eyes that minded Jace of some avian predator.  The three stood at the man’s approach, as Baye said, “Jace, this is Helve, he is quite an intriguing fellow.”  He met the other’s eye, “Helve, this is one of my apprentices, just arrived from Astoria.”
The hawkeyed man studied the boy with cold indifference, dismissing him immediately as uninteresting and unimportant.  Said he to Baye, “I had hoped he would be a useful addition to our party, what use have I for another giddy lad?”  His tone darkened, “I have little enough use for you.  Can’t you just be on your way and leave things well enough alone?”
Baye crossed his arms and said, “I have as much right to be here as you do, it is up to the gypsies and their peddler companions to dismiss us, if they so wish.”  He smiled, as if at some secret joke, “but I doubt the gypsies will find any reason short of murder an excuse to be rid of us, such is their love of company.”
“We shall see,” murmured the other as he stalked off into the night.
They resumed their seats and Baye continued, “he is the main reason we have remained here even when it became apparent the orb was not in their keeping.  The peddlers are enchanted with the gypsies and seem eager to join their number, which would be no concern of ours, but that enthralling fellow arrived a day after we did and he is desperately trying to convince some, if not all, of their number to go north into the Wastes.”
Jace gaped, “this time of year?”
Baye nodded, an ironic twist to his mouth, “certainly a strange proposition and thus our reluctance to leave.  Who would venture into the Wastes, even at high summer?  What would draw a man thither with winter setting in?  It is uncanny, that and there is just something about the fellow I find fascinating, as do the others, they seem drawn to him by some inexplicable force or charm.  I do not think him a worker of evil magicks, but he certainly has a mystery and charisma about him that most find intriguing.”
Jace smiled, “something in which I am completely lacking.  So we will just keep company with the gypsies until he gives up and goes home?”
Baye said thoughtfully, “I was thinking we could take him up on the offer, if no one else is foolish enough to do so.  We can’t keep people from going, if that is their wish, but we can see that nothing untoward happens on the journey, that and I really want to know what he is up to.”  The boys nodded their eager agreement and then Baye suggested, “come lad, the gypsies will be dying to know all about you, regardless of what our intriguing companion says, and will likely throw a party in your honor.”
Jace gaped, “but they hardly know me!”
Adan grinned, “what does that matter?  They’ll use anything as an excuse to break out their fiddles and finest ale.  Someone’s horse wandered off two nights ago and when it was found in the morning, boy did we celebrate!”
Jace grinned, “seems like a merry crew, what interest can our intriguing but dour friend have in them?”
Baye shook his head, “that is what we need to discover.”

Baye was right, the gypsies were both eager to make his acquaintance and celebrate that amazing event with every fiber of their beings.  They danced, fiddled, ate, and drank until dawn was imminent, and then it was all to bed to recover from the night’s festivities, all save Helve, who paced about the camp, muttering and fretting as if such frivolity was anathema to all sense and civility.  Jace watched him in fascination for a time and whispered quietly to Baye, “people think the Brethren rather dour and fastidious, but I think Helve makes us look as carefree as these wild and wonderful gypsies.”
Baye smiled warmly, “that he does lad, but it is a misperception on the part of outside observers that makes them think the Brethren are ill-acquainted with joy and merriment, we just do not take them to inebriated excess as some think the only proper way to rightly celebrate and enjoy life.  We serve the very source of all Joy, so it follows that we should be well acquainted with the subject.  Poor Helve sees all of life as a burden and a weary journey at that, begrudging anyone who thinks otherwise.”  He grinned, all amusement, “that’s why he finds us so tiresome: we are supposedly learned men, such as himself, yet we refuse to see life as dull, tedious, and uninteresting.  Rather, we are told to be cheerful, to rejoice, and to see everything through the wonder-filled eyes of children.”
Jace shook his head, “why would he want to convince the gypsies to accompany him anywhere if he cannot abide their way of life?”
Adan shivered, “perhaps he wants to make them as dour and grim as himself?”
Helve suddenly turned towards them and seemed to gaze into their very souls with his far too keen eyes, at last he approached at a deliberate pace, for there were no others about in the now abandoned camp and it seemed he had tired of his lonely outrage.  He approached with all the imperiousness of the king of the world, making Ella look humble and meek by comparison.  Said he in a condescending tone, “why are you fools not abed?”
Baye shrugged, “we did not revel as hard as our hosts last evening, thus sparing us some of the repercussions.”
Said he with disinterest, “perhaps you are not as foolish as you seem, which is not saying much, however.  I tire of these rascally buffoons; they weary me exceedingly.  I must soon part ways with them, though I fail in my endeavors, perhaps it is a relief that I am spared their company after all.”
Baye frowned, “why exactly are you so intent on someone accompanying you into the Wastes, especially this time of year?”
Helve smiled like a mysteriously smug cat, “you will have to come with me to find out.”
Baye nodded, “very well, lead on.”
Helve actually gaped, “you are crazy enough to come with me?”
Baye shrugged, “why not?”
Helve mastered himself and said, “very well, when do we leave?”
Baye grinned, “the day is wasting.”
Helve barely managed to avoid another discomfiting display of astonishment, but nodded abruptly, “very well, to your saddles.”  They swiftly obeyed, vanishing like the last shadows of night into the rising day.
Helve turned out to be as mysterious and grim a companion as one could hope, often vanishing for hours at a time yet always reappearing just ahead of the party, which traveled at a pace fast enough to satisfy even their dour leader, at least as much as anything seemed to please him.  They had a horse for the man, a parting gift from the gypsies, but he was rarely in the saddle, preferring to forge ahead on foot until he vanished beyond the horizon or behind a stand of trees and then they would not see him again for hours, or even an entire day.  Always they pressed north and west, passing through the horrid boglands that festered upon the northern borders of the Wilds, beyond which lay the fabled Frozen Wastes, where it was arguable whether the weather or the denizens were worse; the curious trio was eager to find out.  They rested as often as Helve saw fit, which was far too little for a mortal man to survive upon, but he did not seem to realize his companions throve even so, which made them wonder who or what their companion was that he could do likewise.
Baye at last saw the sense in traveling through that awful country in the winter, at least as far as the swamps were concerned, for everything was frozen over or had died back, allowing for easy passage, where in warmer months it might have taken days to travel the distance they covered in hours.  One morning several days into their journey, Helve returned from his routine vanishment and roused the camp ere the sun was on the rise.  Said he, eagerness strong in his voice, “up lads up!  Let us see what the day shall bring!”
The Brethren exchanged a curious glance but were soon enough in their saddles, wondering what could so excite their rather unflappable companion.  The unicorns alerted them to the presence of a dragon in the vicinity before they had traveled more than an hour.  They exchanged an uneasy look, wondering what the creature’s presence could portend; hopefully it was a green dragon, else things might grow interesting indeed.  Helve paid no heed to his horse, making as good of time afoot as his mounted companions in the tangled mess that was the forested swamp through which they rode and knowing full well what effect dragons had upon horses.  The beast snorted uneasily as they emerged into a rocky clearing at the base of a great escarpment, then screamed and fled when a massive eye on a serpentine head and neck blinked curiously in their direction.  Baye wore a slight smile to see the creature was indeed green, eager to know what was afoot.
Said the dragon, studying the small company with interest, frowning slightly at the three seeming horses that stood unperturbed in his presence, “this is them, then?  They will do I suppose, not as many as I had hoped, but enough to begin with.  I had hoped to make an in-depth study of the topic, which will require far more than three, but one must certainly start somewhere.”
Baye almost expected the creature to adjust a pair of nonexistent spectacles as it studied them and droned on, but as it trailed off, he asked, “exactly what are you studying, sir?”
The dragon looked at him sharply, as if surprised the creature could talk and annoyed at being thus interrupted, said he in a piqued voice, “I suppose you have a right to know what your contribution to posterity will entail, though I do not like being interrogated by my subjects.”  His brow wrinkled in consternation, “though I suppose squirrels are not equipped to make such demands.”
Baye frowned, “squirrels?”
The dragon brightened, “my last topic of research, I made a thorough study of the various species of squirrel indigenous to this part of the world.  I have the manuscript here if you would like to peruse it?”  Baye blinked in wonder at this astounding offer while Helve cleared his throat far too audibly.  The dragon snorted abashedly and returned to the subject at hand, “perhaps another time.  As to my current area of interest, your companion here has intrigued me upon the topic of blood magic.  He says there is no topic so little studied in all the expanse of the wide world and has promised to provide me with all the subjects I need to fully explore the matter, hence your presence.”
Baye gaped and said in astonishment, “you do know such a topic is little understood because it is forbidden?”
The dragon chortled like a doting mother whose spoiled offspring is up to some small mischief, “perhaps the laws of men prohibit it, but as you can see I am no man and this place is far outside any human jurisdiction, thus it is perfectly legitimate.”
Baye shook his head, “it is not humanity that has outlawed the practice, but rather it is written into the very fabric of creation itself.  The Master has forbidden it from the first.”
The dragon exhaled through his nostrils sharply in irritation, “perhaps, perhaps, but this is purely a scientific pursuit and can have no negative connotations.”
Baye said grimly, “any practitioner of said arts, whether merely curious or intent on gaining mastery of such forbidden power, will draw the Master’s wrath upon himself.”
The dragon frowned, “art?  Art did you say?”  
Baye nodded, “the dark arts is another name for them, yes.”
“Well,” said the dragon in disappointment, “I cannot pursue them then, if they are a form of ‘art,’ and I a creature of pure science.  You had best be going then.”  He added hopefully, “you don’t want to look at my squirrel paper do you?”
Helve interrupted with an outraged squawk, “what do you mean you can’t proceed?  After all the trouble I had in bringing them to you?”
The dragon shook his head, “it cannot be helped, this is an area outside my ken.  I study the natural world, this gentleman is quite right in saying this is a matter of the supernatural.  Perhaps the Brethren would have some insight into the matter?  I will take up a topic far more palpable, perhaps the catfish that inhabit the sloughs hereabouts?”
Helve motioned sharply for his companions to continue on their way, leaving the dragon to his musings.  Said he in quiet fury once they had left the incomprehensible reptile far behind, “so be it, I will have to take this matter to the Council.  They shall decide your fate and that of all your race.”
Baye said in some startlement, “which council?  How is it you can decide the fate of all humanity when that prerogative is the Master’s alone?”
Helve said in cold fury, “you will stand before the Council of my people as representatives of your own.  A horrible crime has been perpetrated against me and mine by members of your race and someone must be held accountable.  I had thought embroiling a dragon in the dark arts would be just the thing to wreak havoc amongst your kindred, but alas, the creature is far too interested in the mundane to be of any use to me.  Instead, the Council will deal with you as they see fit.  Move.”  Baye exchanged a wondering look with his apprentices, but did not slacken their pace.


2

It was an awful journey and any other man would have long since frozen to death or starved upon the way, but ever did the small party press onwards through raging blizzards, freezing temperatures, and scant rations.  On clear days, Helve would vanish as was his wont, returning at dusk to huddle beside their meager fire, never saying where he had been or why.  He said nothing more to them than he had at the first about the Council, their fate, or his own tragedy, and said nothing more than absolutely necessary about anything else than their journey required.  He glowered at them in silent fury when their spirits remained buoyant despite the horrid conditions, their uncertain destiny, and his continued ire.  But at last the interminable journey came to an end, at no place in particular, at least that Baye could discern.  For snowy plains ran off in every direction to the horizon, broken only by great upthrustings of rock that dotted the endless plain like so many half buried bones.
Helve stood before them, triumphant, and suddenly melted into a great white hawk that circled once with a piercing cry and then vanished into the distance.  The trio exchanged an astonished look but stood as still as the rocky crags about them, awaiting whatever was to come.  Some hours passed and as the sun stood at its peak, the thud of many hooves and a great snuffling and snorting announced the advent of some great mass of arctic beasts.  A herd of musk oxen soon hemmed in the three, great horns and keen eyes focused inward.  Helve hovered on the outskirts, still a hawk in form, but suddenly he became a small dragon in midair, swooping in to pick Jace from his saddle and depositing him ungently atop one of the great rocky projections.  He darted back just as quickly, landing in the center of the group, a man once more.
Said he with a grand gesture, “how does it feel to have one of your young ones stolen, imperiled, and likely never to be seen again?”
Baye shook his head with a frown, “what are you, what have we to do with any of this?”
Helve said with a sneer, “we are the Akoni and you are on trial for kidnapping.”
Baye gaped and Adan’s eyes went wide, said Baye at last, “you had best explain.”
Helve said with a smirk, “of course you are too simple to understand any of this, but I shall do my best to explain.  I will even use small words to enhance your comprehension.  We are a race of shape-shifters, native to these frozen wastes, our usual guise is that of what you mortals call the Snow Falcon.  Some of your Kings take great pleasure in the art of falconry and think our children the birds best suited to their tastes.  My son was stolen in just such a manner and lost forever in the southlands.  You will be held accountable for his loss and your entire race might well suffer for it.”
Baye shook his head, “how can we be held accountable for such a grievous crime when we are neither the perpetrators nor knew anything of your race?  We would happily seek your missing child and find those who are truly guilty, but how can they be held accountable when they thought it a mere bird they had stolen?  You must make your race known to mankind if this practice is to stop.”
The greatest of the musk oxen declared grudgingly, “he speaks sense, but we cannot allow our people to become known to yours lest disaster result.  If this is the price we must pay to maintain our secret, then so be it, but I fear we cannot allow you to return to the southlands and betray us.”
Helve burst out, “then no one is to be held accountable for this grievous insult?  The race of men will continue to prey upon us?  How can such a filthy kindred be allowed to continue upon the face of the earth?  This is why I tried to take matters into my own hands, for I knew the Council would not give me justice!”
The great ox turned a perplexed eye upon Baye, “what does he mean?”
Baye said grimly, “he tried to trick a green dragon into studying the intricacies of the dark arts, but the creature wisely discerned that such arcane studies were not within his purview.”
The hairy ruminant shuddered, “that would have been disaster indeed!”  He turned a grim eye upon Helve, “you are an utter fool!  We shall deal with you in due course, now fetch back that other so we may put this matter permanently to rest.”  He said gravely to Baye, “you and yours must perish, for I will not allow you to return to your people in possession of such a secret.”  Baye bowed his head gravely as Helve took wing to retrieve the missing Jace, muttering darkly as he went.

Helve threw the boy to the ground atop the rocky spire, said he as he perched upon the edge, ready to take wing, “let us see if your friends can salvage your life.”  He laughed darkly, “or even their own.”  He vanished over the edge as Jace stood, a bitter wind howling morosely about him; he smiled grimly, knowing he would soon freeze atop this stony tower if it were not for his uncanny nature.  This thought had barely registered in his mind before the light within him stirred, consuming him utterly.  Suddenly he was somewhere far warmer, wetter, and utterly dark.  He blinked in astonishment, knowing he stood in a swampy woodland somewhere in the far south of the world on an overcast night.  He crouched down in the surrounding vegetation when he caught a flicker of movement out of the corner of his eye.
He saw a silent form, apparently a sleeping man, off to one side of the small clearing with a dying fire in its midst.  A shadow wavered in and out of perception, as if it hovered on the verge of two realities, one foot in the mortal world and the other in some other realm beyond human comprehension.  Jace’s hand strayed to his sword hilt, but he knew this foe was not meant for him.  It stooped over the sleeping form Jace now recognized as Hawk, the boy cried out in his sleep but did not waken, but began thrashing as if he struggled valiantly in some dark dream.  Suddenly he was on his feet, crying as one in fear of his life yet knowing his foe must be overcome at any cost.  Hawk drew his sword and charged another shadowy form that loomed out of the darkness, running the startled man through the heart.  They collapsed together into the shrubbery, Hawk finally coming awake only to scream in horror at the unmoving form of Scamp beneath him.  His head snapped up and he glanced about the clearing in panic, as if seeking some place to run or hide from this atrocious accident.
Then he saw it, the vengeful shadow had become a dancing, bobbing, glowing sphere that mesmerized and soothed the horrified youth, like a tiny star strayed out of the heavens to act as guide to this forsaken soul.  He stood as one in a trance, leaving his sword and murdered mentor forgotten behind him and followed the will-o-the-wisp into the depths of the night dark swamp.  Jace knelt beside Scamp, pulling the sword from his chest and sending a pulse of light into his prone form; he squawked in surprise before vanishing in a brilliant flash.  The boy then stood and followed after Hawk and the wisp.  They had not gone far and Hawk was again in his right mind, though he would have given anything to be out of it permanently.
The wisp had led him into the treacherous mire wherein he now struggled vainly as the bog patiently engulfed him while the wisp danced above in mocking circles, chortling, “what will come of you now foolish, foolish one?  Your Master has forsaken you, you are not good enough, never will be!  Ha!  All that awaits you is death, and then the Abyss, for there can be but one place for murderers and failures!”
Hawk cried in dismay, “no!  It was a mistake, a horrible mistake!”
The wisp scorned, “what does it matter?  You are lost, forsaken, condemned!”
Hawk wept, “no, it cannot be!”
The wisp said in mockery, “oh but it is, it is the awful truth and even you know it, but my master is merciful where yours will cast aside the broken and the failure.  Would you remain true to such a one?  Come, cast yourself upon my master’s mercy!  Am I not a being of light and splendor!  Such power could be yours as well.”
Hawk said in despair as the mire squelched around his neck, “a being of light indeed!  You are nothing but hatred in a shining garment and your master a liar through and through.  Perhaps it is best that this fen consume me utterly but I will never throw myself on your master’s false mercies.”
Jace appeared out of the darkness and the wisp fled into the night with a snarl of fury and terror, knowing this wretched intruder could destroy him and would undoubtedly ruin his carefully crafted plans for the miserable creature even now vanishing forever beneath the mire.  Jace smiled triumphantly as the thing fled but his countenance grew grave as he looked upon his stricken friend, said he, “come, this is no place to linger.”
Hawk said quietly, “leave me, it is for the best.  You do not know what I have wrought.”
Jace shook his head, “I saw and know you are no killer, now come, it is not for you to decide your own fate when rescue is at hand.  The Master has not forsaken you neither should you forsake Him!”
Hawk smiled grimly, “very well.”  With one last effort he thrust his hand out of the mire and took that offered by Jace.  The moment their hands touched, the light consumed them both.  Hawk stood blinking in astonishment, for the sun was on the rise as they stood on a small ridge overlooking Astoria.  He turned to Jace in wonder and resignation, said he, “I suppose I must face the Lady’s justice?  Dare I ask what has happened this night?”
Jace smiled slightly, “you will know the full tale soon enough, and as for the Lady, she will know what she must in due course, but first you must await your fate in the dungeons.”
Hawk blanched but nodded dully, “so be it.”  His shoulders slumped in dejection as sobs wracked his being at what he had done, at the thought of never seeing Scamp again, at least this side of eternity.
Jace clapped him on the back, “there is no need for tears, my friend.  Nothing is as it seems.  Let the day reveal what it will but you have nothing to fear nor reason to weep.”
Hawk stared at him with astonished but hopeful eyes, somehow knowing the day’s wonders had only just begun.  Together they turned towards the city and whatever awaited them there.  They passed silently into the wakening city and into the castle proper, drawing questioning looks from their comrades but no awkward queries.  Jaire stood before the door leading down into the cellblock, he nodded a greeting to Jace and let the pair pass without a word.  Hawk frowned at the silent exchange but allowed himself to be led below.  The room was empty save for themselves.  He found a chair and two ancient books awaiting him in the cell.  His frown deepened, “what is going on here?”
Jace shook his head but smiled enigmatically, “that I cannot tell you, but you will know soon enough.  I recommend you do a little reading while you wait.  Farewell!”  
Hawk cried out, “but wait!”  But Jace was already ascending the stairs.
Jace stopped to exchange a few quiet words with Jaire, said he, “there will be seven of us?”
Jaire glanced about to make sure they were alone and then replied, “nay lad, one of us is about to retire.”  At Jace’s concerned frown, Jaire continued with a slight smile, “the swordmaster has grown weary of this service, but before you go bemoaning his decision, remember he has been at this nearly as long as I have and that is a very long time, especially to a mortal man.  You’ll understand in a few centuries.  Go say your farewells and then return to your friends.”  Jace was silent in astonishment, but made the proper courtesies before hastening off to do as he was bidden.
He found the swordmaster in his accustomed place in the practice yard.  The grizzled old man smiled warmly at the lad as they exchanged a few words, but soon the first class of the day would be ambling in so they were forced to make their farewells.  Said the swordmaster in parting, “you lads will do quite well, and I’ll see you again soon enough.”  He grinned impishly, “now get ye gone!”  He took a feigned swing at the boy with the wooden sword he was holding and Jace smiled broadly as he fled, nearly trampling Scamp as he came round the corner.
Said Scamp in dismay, “I must see the Lady immediately.  She needs to find Hawk a mentor who won’t get him killed!  It is a dangerous thing to apprentice with the likes of us and have no part in the Shadow.”
Jace grinned, “I wouldn’t worry about that.  You’ll find your missing apprentice biding his time in the dungeon.  I think your concerns will shortly be moot.”  Scamp gaped openly but Jace continued, “would you mind?  I need to get back to Baye and Adan somewhere in the far north.”  Scamp nodded dully, still overwrought by the day’s revelations, as he placed a hand on Jace’s chest and banished him with a pulse of light.  

Jace came to himself atop the rocky outcropping with the wind still howling like a forsaken soul about him.  Helve landed suddenly, taking the form of a ravening wolf, said he in grim anticipation, “the dragon won’t indulge in blood magic nor the Council see justice done, so I must do it myself.  Your blood will suffice and they will all rue the day they denied me vengeance.”  He lunged at Jace’s throat but a great shriek rent the air as another Akoni dove out of the lowering clouds that now covered the sky.
Screeched the second, “traitor!  You know such is forbidden, even to us!  You will call down destruction upon us all unless you pay for your crimes.”  Suddenly a great red dragon perched awkwardly atop the rocky edifice and took Helve in one clawed hand and the stricken Jace in the other.  He dropped them both next to Baye and the others before facing the great ox, said he in revulsion, “he was about to indulge in blood magic and thus destroy us all!”
The great ox shook his shaggy head gravely, “do you deny it?”
Helve snarled, “I deny nothing, I only regret I was not fast enough.  I suppose you will doom me to die with these wretched mortals?  Well, at least I shall sit in judgment over them, that is if such benighted creatures truly have immortal souls.”
Bay said grimly, “I would look to my own soul first and fear the judgment thereof!”
Helve scoffed, “I am content and the Master shall greet me as a long lost son, for are not the Akoni the pinnacle of creation?  You lesser souls can be nothing to that!  What need have I of redemption?”  He turned to the great dragon, “have done with it then!”  The beast turned to the ox, who nodded gravely as the other Akoni withdrew, then fire consumed them all.


3

“That was unpleasant,” said Adan, as they suddenly found themselves somewhere else entirely.
Baye shared a grin with Jace, “at least it wasn’t boring.  How many can say they’ve succumbed to dragon fire?”
Jace shook his head, “speak for yourself, I missed out entirely!”
Adan shivered, “you could have had my share in the adventure!”
Baye grinned all the more, “come lad, having your throat torn out by a wolf intent on using the dark arts to achieve vengeance is no dull fate either.”
Jace smiled at the irony of their conversation and said, “I suppose it will suffice.  Now what are we doing here?”  The warmth and humidity of their surroundings suddenly minded him of the swamp where he had found Hawk and Scamp.  His smile deepened as comprehension dawned, “we are going to free the imprisoned Akoni which is in the keeping of some great lord of the south.”
Baye nodded proudly, “right you are lad, even the father of your one time beloved.”
Jace’s smile grew rueful, “that is not much of a betrothal gift, first abandoning his daughter and now absconding with his prized bird, but we have little choice; we cannot leave such a creature in captivity nor can we reveal his true nature to his possessors.”  He smiled eagerly as he took in their apparel, clad as the king’s own guardsmen, they should have little difficulty entering the castle.
They were soon in their saddles and riding through the city, no one giving them a second glance as they passed.  Baye shook his head in wonder, “people see only what they want to see.  Peace and prosperity have dwelt here so long that no one even imagines danger or tragedy could come upon them at any moment.”
Jace said quietly, “so too do most folk obliviously go about their lives, little knowing that there are greater things within and beyond life than they can ever imagine.”  He grinned ruefully, “such was I!  And but for the Master’s grace, so would I still be.”
They rode on in silence until they clattered into the courtyard of the castle and drew rein.  Just as they were dismounting, a great commotion erupted at a side door of the castle where the Steward appeared to be berating a young woman in a servant’s garb.  She glared at the irate man as if he were the insolent underling and she the offended mistress.  The trio of faux guards exchanged a slight smile and waited patiently by their horses until the Steward ended his tirade and summarily ordered them to escort the woman from the premises.  She bore their interference well, one might have thought they were the prisoners and she the guard, but they obediently led her out of the Steward’s sight, presumably out a small side gate rather than out the grand main entrance of the palace.
They retreated to a sunny courtyard abutting the kitchen gardens and the stables, where their only companion was an indifferent chicken searching for spilled grain or unwary insects.  She rounded on them immediately, “unhand me you degenerate thugs!  You have no right to treat me so.”
Baye released his hold on their prisoner and bowed deeply, “we are at your service madam and our treatment of you a mere pretense for the Steward’s benefit.”
She gaped at him, “how is it you have the decency to treat a lady as you ought?”
Baye smiled slightly, “I believe we are here on similar purpose madam, but you must forgive the folk hereabouts, they know nothing of your peculiar people or dire quest, nor do they see more than a servant when they look upon you and your behavior is not in keeping with your attire.  You would have done better to accouter yourself as a noble lady rather than a servant.”
She studied him quietly, a thoughtful look in her eye, said she at last, “but a servant may go where ladies cannot.”
Baye grinned, “true, but not servants who act the noble lady.  Perhaps we may be of some benefit?”
Said she with a frown, “how is it you know of my plight?”
Baye said, “we have just returned from your homeland lady and know of your people and your imperiled offspring.  We offer our services in retrieving the latter.”
She shook her head, “do you know what it is you risk?”  Her gaze became feral, like some great hunting cat at bay, hissed she, “how is it you have learned the truth and yet are allowed to return to this race of betrayers?”
Baye said grimly, “that is a matter you must take up with your Council.”
Said she, little mollified, “perhaps I shall not be so lenient.”
Baye bowed his head, “do as you must, but first let us see to the young one.”
She gaped at him anew, wondering at such an enigma; she had threatened his life yet still he insisted on helping her.  Her frown deepened, “what are you truly after?  Do you wish the prize for yourself?”
Baye shook his head, “nay lady, I merely wish to see the captive free, and to that end I will pay whatever price I must.”
She studied him soberly, nodded to herself, and said, “very well, but know it will cost you dear.  Perhaps this will atone for the injury your kindred have wrought, at least in this instance.  Come.”  She led them around the back of the palace and crouched amongst a well tended grove in the castle gardens.  Said she, gesturing towards a small door guarded by two grim looking soldiers, “that is our goal, the King’s Hawk Room.  I tried to venture thither in a servant’s garb but only the most trusted of his menials are allowed anywhere near the King’s birds, and thus was I reprimanded, which I could not endure, so I told the Steward what I truly thought; thus my dismissal.”
Baye shook his head in wonder, “and what do you propose madam?”
She smiled wickedly, “I had thought to take the form of a red dragon, scatter or destroy those who stood in my way, and then abscond with my son, but I fear it is a little too dramatic.”
Baye nodded, “we should also avoid injuring or otherwise imperiling innocents in this endeavor, though you see us all as guilty in this matter, my folk know nothing of your people and think the creature a mere bird.  I suggest a slight alteration in your plan.”
She listened thoughtfully, was not pleased with his plea of ignorance for humanity, but at last agreed to the idea.  It was both dramatic and simple, which pleased her immensely.  Baye and Jace crept from their hiding place and charged the guards minding the door, immediately engaging the pair in a vicious sword fight, the Brethren being careful not to injure their opponents, as they were not truly enemies but rather simple men doing their appointed duty.  As the feint drew the guards away from their post, Adan and the lady crept towards the door, but found it locked.  Said she in grim anticipation, “perhaps the dragon will avail us after all.”  She suddenly shifted and a dragon sat incongruously in the palace gardens.  Said she to Adan, “I will batter down the door, you run in and grab my son, bring him to me, and I will bear him away from here.”  Adan nodded and she crushed the door with a single blow.
He dashed into the room, glanced about hastily until he found the specified bird, and immediately threw a bag over its head as he began to cut the jesses.  The various inhabitants of the room were screeching and hissing their terror and upset, which drew one of the keepers into the room.  He was about to berate the insolent youth when he saw a great draconian eye peering in the window; he bellowed in terror and fled the room.  Adan finished his task and brought the screeching and flapping fledgling out to its mother.  Baye and Jace soon joined them, their foes having fled upon sighting the dragon.
She looked fondly down at the writhing creature in her foreclaws and said in parting, “I appreciate your assistance, but you do understand there can be no witnesses.”  Without waiting for an answer, her flames reduced all three of them to cinders.  Content that justice had at last been satisfied, she took wing and vanished from the Kingdom, leaving the terrified populace to wonder if she would soon return or why a dragon would steal a hawk.

“You are right,” said Jace, shaking himself, “dragon fire is not a pleasant experience.”  He glanced about, wondering what their next mission would entail and hoping this sudden coming and going was not a routine part of his new occupation.
Baye said in amusement, “nay lad, our recent adventures have been a bit uncanny, you need not worry that this sort of thing is all your future.”
Jace smiled in relief, “that is good to know, I am getting a bit disoriented with all these sudden appearances and disappearances.”
Adan asked with a frown, “how do such comings and goings work within the framework of time?  It was still early morning when we left and now it is full dark.”
Baye nodded, “occasionally we must defy the usual rules of time and space to accomplish what we must, but usually we are bound by them as much as any creature in the mortal sphere.”
Jace smiled as comprehension dawned, “so that is how I could have my own adventure while you two chatted with the Akoni.”  He then recounted his encounter with Hawk and Scamp.
Baye shook his head grimly, “that was a nasty trick, no wonder the boy was near despair!  To think you had inadvertently killed your own mentor!  But he’ll soon have far better things to muse upon.”  He smiled sadly, “so the swordmaster is retiring?  He will be missed, but he has been at it since nearly the Beginning.”
Jace asked with a frown, “has he a name?”
Baye laughed, “probably, but I have never heard it.  That leaves only Jared, the rest of us are relative newcomers to this service, especially you three lads!”  He quieted suddenly and motioned for them all to crouch down amongst the tangled brush.
The sound of hooves soon reached their ears, accompanied by the voice of a bitterly complaining man, said he, “let’s find somewhere to camp for the night.  I don’t want a patrol stumbling upon us in the dark.”
“Fine,” hissed a second voice, “we are close enough to our destination that we can make it in one final push on the morrow, though I prefer the cover the darkness offers.  Though I suppose it might avail our enemies likewise.”
There came the sounds of dismounting, unpacking, and the setting up of a rough camp, all of which the three intruders watched from their hiding place.  Once the unnamed party was settled in for the remainder of the night, with all save the sentry sound asleep, the three crept from their hiding place thinking to explore the camp, but Adan nearly stepped on one of the villains and took a sword through the heart for his inattention.  Jace and Baye had their weapons immediately in hand and were soon lost in a swirl of swords and curses.  As Jace tangled with one villain, he struck a mortal blow to his foe but fell beneath the man as he toppled forward.  He lay on his back, under the dead man, staring his sister full in the face.  She sat beside a slightly older woman, also of the Brethren, both wide-eyed, bound and gagged.  He rolled over, pushing his dead foe aside, and immediately began working to free his comrades.
He had just freed them both when he felt a sword pierce his flank, he fell with a groan and ordered, “run!”
Brie gave him a heartbreaking look of gratefulness and horror before vanishing after her mentor into the shadows.  He sought their unicorns with his mind, the creatures eagerly answering his query and agreeing to carry their riders far away from their captors, regardless of the ladies’ intentions.  The next moment he felt a clout upside the head and the world went dark.  He awoke to find Baye beside him, also bound and nursing an injured shoulder.  They exchanged a grim smile and then focused on the surviving villains, the foremost of which was standing over them and glowering fiercely.  Said he in fury, “what were you fools thinking?  You may have freed the women but at what cost?  You have traded three lives for two!”  He glanced about in dismay at his decimated company, saying grudgingly, “though I must say we have not escaped unscathed either, but it matters not.  Your blood will suffice in their stead and I can always hire more minions.  On your feet, we ride at once.”
There were now plenty of spare horses, so the captured pair was easily mounted though they found riding while bound rather awkward.  As the day brightened, they gaped to recognize the country through which they rode.  Someone was bold indeed to mount such an expedition within the very bounds of Astoria, less than a day’s ride from the city!  Jace’s heart sank as he realized where these fellows must be heading and wondering what fell sorcery they could accomplish in that wretched fortress and what it would mean for Astoria if they were successful.  A grim smile grew on his face as he realized his blood was of no use to these particular fiends, now he could muse upon their surprise when their plans suddenly went awry.  He glanced at Baye and they exchanged an eager smile.
They kept to the little used cart paths, abandoned this time of year, and game trails, avoiding the road and the potential witnesses thereupon, nearly frantic at the thought of discovery.  As evening fell, the woods opened into a clearing Jace knew all too well along with the fortress therein.  Said their guide triumphantly, “welcome home lads, your blood is going to consecrate this ruin and make it a haven of evil within the very heart of Astoria.”
They were unceremoniously pulled from their horses and forced to their knees as a shadowy figure loomed out of the encroaching darkness, hissed the fell voice, “excellent!  We will proceed immediately.”
Their throats were cut as casually as if their captors were slaughtering sheep and every last drop of their blood was collected in two separate basins.  The corpses were dragged aside and forgotten as the chief villain stood over his grim prize, chanting in an awful tongue, while his minions cowered in absolute terror, praying to any gods there might be for rescue.  A cloaked figure ghosted furtively along the wall and knelt beside the prone forms, laying a firm hand on each unmoving chest.  The pair stirred to life and smiled up at the hooded Adan, quickly turning their attention to the senior fiend.  Content with his vile rites, he then ordered his minions into action.  Even more terrified of the fiend than of his sorcery, they suddenly roused to life, each taking up a bowl or bucket and filling it with the consecrated blood.  They hastened to the walls, each carefully pouring the contents of his vessel along the entire perimeter of the crumbling structure.
Once the task was completed, the fiend stood forth once more and began intoning in his dreadful way, “now let this place be a haven for evil and may our master gain a foothold in the very heart of our enemy’s territory!”
The earth began to tremble in response to his words, but it was not triumph that covered his face but terror.  An earthquake shook the ruin to its very foundations, casting men and stones alike to the ground.  When the world resigned itself to stillness, the place was a ruin indeed and never more would it serve as a haven for anything more villainous than pigeons and mice.  The villains lay dead, scattered about and crushed by falling debris.  Baye exchanged a grim look with his apprentices as all three picked themselves up and dusted themselves off.  They quietly buried the dead and then abandoned the silent ruin once more to the whims of time and weather.


4

As they made their way back towards Astoria, Jace suddenly stopped, an uneasy look in his eyes.  Baye looked soberly at the boy and said, “it is time.”  Jace nodded resignedly while Adan frowned in confusion.  Said Baye quietly, “a strange and uncomfortable journey lies before you lad, but remember, whatever betide, the Master will never forget nor forsake you.”  He smiled warmly, “though brief, I have vastly enjoyed our time together.  Fare thee well!”  He raised a hand in farewell, but the boy leapt upon him with a ferocious hug.  Certainly not blinking away tears, both withdrew from the embrace somewhat awkwardly, and then Jace said to Adan, “we’ll meet again one day, you have been a dear friend.”  He gave the flummoxed youth a firm nod and then turned suddenly on his heel and walked away, knowing if he dared look back his heart would break.
Adan turned questioning eyes upon Baye, who wistfully watched his apprentice retreat into the shadows of the forest as the day quickened about them.  Said he quietly to his remaining apprentice, “it is a journey we all must take lad, your own turn will come soon enough, but he must take it alone.  There are things he must learn about the Master and about himself and about this new world of which he is now a part.”  He turned back towards the city and said quietly, “come lad, we have our own journey before us.”
Brie nearly trampled them as they entered the castle gates, desperate for some word of her brother.  Baye shook his head at her insistent demands, “easy lass, I cannot say of a certain where he is or what he is doing, but know without a doubt that he will return.  He survived the adventure with your kidnappers, don’t fret about that, but he is off on another quest and may be some time in coming.”  She sighed in frustration but knew she would get no more out of the infuriating Brother.  Briane was not sure which upset her the more, that she had been kidnapped in the first place, that her brother had had to rescue her, or that he already wore the uniform of a full Brother!  She heaved a furious sigh and flounced into the castle, leaving Adan and Baye to exchange amused glances.

Jace’s heart was heavy, heavy as it had not been since the morning he stood upon the battlements pondering the futility of life and the purpose thereof.  He knew something was coming, a trial that would perhaps be the hardest of his life, but he also knew that beyond it lay something well worth the sorrow and toil that lay ahead.  He vanished into the trees and then hid himself in a small grove, away from any prying eyes.  A flutter of wings and a flash of white announced the advent of an avian intruder in the little dell, the magpie lit on a branch and studied the boy with His too keen eyes, said He, “are you ready lad?”
The boy bowed his head, “I have no idea what is to come, but yes, I am ready.”
“Very well,” said He, “remember, no matter what follows, I will never forsake nor forget you.”  He flitted to the boy’s shoulder and the light consumed them both.
Jace blinked slowly awake, certain that this is how he would have felt had he wakened with his injuries unhealed after his tumble into the gorge.  He gasped in horror as he realized his Master’s light no longer pulsed within his being.  He sat up suddenly in panic and immediately regretted it.  With a groan he collapsed in agony into his previous position.  No, he felt worse than he would of had he awakened injured after his fall.  Not only had the light vanished, but he felt every insult and injury he had ever taken.  His leg ached as it had during his recovery, and he knew his other wounds, once so easily healed and forgotten, had left scars and residual stiffness and pain that he must now bear.  Slowly he sat up and looked about, not surprised to find himself clad in the near rags he had worn upon his advent in Astoria.
He felt at his face and smiled in grim amusement to feel the start of a rough beard.  His stomach complained, as it had not done in living memory, and suddenly he knew he was well and truly mortal.  He tried to stand, but his leg was reluctant to bear weight at that particular moment.  Hobbling on his good leg, he found a sturdy branch and used it as a walking stick to relieve his complaining leg.  At last he glanced about at the local scenery, momentarily content with his physical wellbeing; he was not encouraged by what he saw.  It was still winter and he was still somewhere in the northern half of the world, the Wilds by the look of it.  Worse, he had no food, no supplies, not even a belt knife.  He had never before been so helpless or so alone, save during the desperate flight to Astoria, but that had been of short duration.  Here there was no warm and welcoming presence to succor him in his despair.
He grinned ruefully, but then, neither was he in despair.  He might be utterly alone, powerless, doomed to die of starvation or exposure, but his Master had promised never to forsake him, no matter what was to come.  He frowned, knowing that was the purpose of this little excursion: he must learn to trust the Master in all things and would be thoroughly reminded that any strength, power, or success in which he was a partaker was far from his own doing.  He shook his head and smiled grimly, it would be a lesson well worth learning but far from pleasant while it lasted.  With a heavy sigh, Jace set off into the dawning day, with no idea as to where he was going or why.
He walked all day but encountered no one upon his way and found nothing to satisfy his angry stomach.  As evening drew on, he wondered if he had best just collapse in a ditch and be done with it, but the lights of an inn beckoned cheerfully through the leafless trees.  Forcing his aching body to take a few more steps, he eventually found himself standing upon the doorstep, knowing he could afford neither food nor a room, but perhaps a little time in front of the fire would be a relief in his current plight.  He hobbled into the bright common room and settled in an unobtrusive chair by the fire, hoping the innkeeper wouldn’t immediately take him for some vagrant or renegade and chase him back into the bitter night.
“You look cold, father,” came a gentle voice.  Jace looked up in surprise but hid his astonishment as Kent stood with one hand on the back of his chair, a look of pity and concern on his face.  Father?  He must look worse than he thought if someone could mistake him for an aged gentleman!  Continued the oblivious Warrior, “let me get you something warm to eat, at least.”  Jace could not refuse such an offer and nodded his grateful acceptance.  As he ate, he mused upon the sudden turn his life had taken, only a day prior he had been a formidable warrior immune to death and the sufferings native to the mortal sphere; today he found himself a wanderer and a vagrant, completely dependent upon the generosity of strangers for his continued sustenance, a man who could barely walk, let alone wield a sword.  He was enjoying the irony immensely when the Brother returned and said quietly, “I have arranged a room for you, if you would wish it.”  Jace nodded eagerly, but dared not speak, having no idea whether his voice would betray him or not.  The Warrior patted him congenially on the shoulder and nodded his farewells.
In the morning life was a little brighter, much rested and more accustomed to the constant physical pain of his old injuries, he was also pleased to find a small satchel, containing food and some small necessities for a man traveling abroad in the winter, awaiting him.  He thanked the innkeeper, who said gruffly, “it is all that Brother’s work, I’d have nothing to do with ye if it were left to me, now take yerself and be gone from my inn.”
Jace smiled incorrigibly, which looked downright villainous in his current state, nodded his thanks regardless, and hobbled out the door.  He had forgotten what it was to need sleep, to ache, to thirst, to hunger, to shiver with cold, or to be lonely; his smile turned rueful as he realized this was but another lesson he was set to learn upon this unthinkable journey.  Once he might have thought his time was being wasted in such a pursuit, that he was far more useful chasing bandits and righting wrongs, but he was wiser now and knew that his time and life were not his own, they were a gift from the Master and must be used as He saw fit, which was the only right and proper use of such a wonderful gift.
Kent’s generosity the previous night touched him deeply, as had the general warmth and charity of the Brethren as a whole, for he had spent his entire adult life amongst them.  While he had glimpsed the darker side of human nature from a distance or seen its results during his adventures, little had he experienced it personally.  While his father was an eccentric, he was never abusive or neglectful, the boy had had a full share in everything the man had, little as it was, as had his servants.  But that was about to change.  A weary beggar, alone in the Wilds, was either someone to be feared, driven off, or preyed upon by most of the denizens thereof.  Kent’s generosity would be the last kindness he was to know for a very long time.
Night threatened to overtake Jace once more but again cheerful lights beckoned him onwards.  This was no inn but a humble farmstead.  Hoping to earn a night’s lodging and a bit of supper, Jace thought to knock upon the door and ask if he might be of use.  He never got the chance, for the farmer saw the reprehensible looking figure approaching and immediately loosed the dogs.  With a shriek of terror, Jace hobbled off down the road as fast as he could manage, stumbling in his haste and tumbling into the ditch where icy water from the recent melt waited to greet him.  The dogs stood at the top of the bank, growling and fretting, but soon their master recalled them as their quarry righted himself and crawled deeper into the woods, hoping to start a fire.  But everything had been doused in the fall so he spent a miserable, sleepless night shivering in the impenetrable blackness.
He rose with the dawn, hoping movement would drive the chill from his bones, but his spirits had never been so low.  He had become so used to the ways of the Brethren, their hearty embracement of anyone and everyone in need, that it grieved him sorely to realize they were the exception rather than the rule in this troubled world.  For three more days he hobbled on, cold and aching, but resigned to whatever lay ahead, seeing no sign of human habitation.  His food eventually ran out and his stomach again began to protest.  At least his supplies had dried and he was able to start a fire of an evening.  Around midday he wandered into a small village, the inhabitants stared at him stonily, as if they had never seen a beggar before.  He thought to ask someone, anyone, if he might somehow work for his supper and a bed, but their glares said far more than words ever could.  He hied himself from that place as quickly as he had fled the farmer’s dogs.
The wind picked up and the temperature plummeted as evening came on, he knew he must find shelter or he might well freeze.  The flickering light of a distant fire drew his attention and he hastened towards it, little knowing whose it might be but knowing it could not be worse than another night alone in the frigid darkness.  It was worse, for it was the seediest bunch of men Jace had ever laid eyes upon, and he had seen some rascally looking characters during his brief adventures.  Every hand moved towards a weapon as he hobbled into their midst and cold, calculating eyes studied him intently.  Jace smiled wryly, he looked as if he might be one of their foremost members.
His grin faded as one of them demanded, “what do you want, scoundrel?”
Jace said hesitantly, “I saw your fire and thought it better than spending the night alone in the woods.”
The man hissed in surprise, “I told you lads someone would see that blaze!  Out with it and go without if you can’t hide it better.  The last thing we need is one of those thrice cursed Brethren riding unbidden into the camp.”
He turned burning eyes upon Jace, “get you gone wretch!”
Jace blanched in terror and turned to comply when a great burly fellow grabbed him by the tunic and snarled in his face with rancid breath, “we can’t just let him go, boss.  Who knows who he might tell or what he might say.”
“True enough,” said the boss, “do with him as you like.  Just make sure he never betrays us.”
The scoundrel shrugged and tossed the captive into the bole of a great tree.  Jace slid down the trunk into the gully at its base where the bandits let him lie.  They departed with the dawn, a few of the scoundrels pausing in their packing to grin menacingly at him, but otherwise they left him alone.  He had felt several bones break upon impact and wondered if something were not amiss internally as well.  His breathing was erratic and ragged, his mind wandered, and he had never felt such physical agony.  The bandits wandered off and left him to his fate.  Was this it then?  Was he just to lie here and slowly die of starvation or whatever havoc his collision with the tree had wrought?
And for the first time he looked his mortality full in the face.  He knew if he died here, it would be death indeed, there would be no miraculous waking and further adventures.  The Master would not intercede this time, stepping in to alter the inevitable as He had when Jace plunged into the gorge.  Neither would this be a glorious unmaking of his physical self, unable to maintain itself in the very presence of the Master.  It was death, pure and simple.  He would die alone, slowly, and in great pain, unmissed and unmourned.  Was this ignomious end all that would come of him?  What of the stories, what of the Shadow, what of everything?  Was it all a lie?  A dream?
Then he remembered a little bird and a dear friend, both promising he would never be forsaken or forgotten.  But then a great raven lit on his chest, driving everything but terror from his mind.  He had felt this presence before, knew exactly who this creature was, it croaked, “cast you out has he?  Now you’ll die in a ditch, forgotten.  Typical!  It is not too late; I can yet save you.  Bend your stubborn neck and bow to me and I will give you all your heart desires.”
Jace sighed, “I might be dying in a ditch, but if this is my Master’s will, then so be it.  Leave me in peace.”
With a mocking squawk, the raven took wing and left the boy alone with his misery.  Jace clung desperately to those words given him upon parting with both Baye and the Master, praying that they might be true.  An icy rain started to fall, only increasing the boy’s misery and he began to weep bitterly.
The wan light of another dawn crept into the little clearing, it fell upon a shuddering, exhausted form, pale in the dim light, but he heeded it not.  All Jace knew was cold, pain, misery, loneliness, and darkness; there was nothing else in all of reality, never had been, never would be.  He was not sure when his physical shell gave up its struggle to survive, but he felt death’s cold hand about him and wondered if the grave could possibly be worse than his time in the ditch, broken and cold.  Everything was darkness, but he felt as if he had some shape or form, if only a darker blotch in the absolute dark of this place.  Then it came, it filled him with such terror that he could do nothing but flee before it.  It pursued as grimly as the farmer’s dogs had given chase, and he ran all the faster, but the faster he ran the faster it pursued.
What it was, he could not say exactly, whether some vile creature of the darkness or the darkness itself or even the Abyss opening wide to consume him utterly, but he knew it must not catch him.  So on and on he ran, but ever it gave chase, nipping at his heels, slavering just behind him.  He knew nothing of exhaustion in this place, only terror and the incessant pursuit.  Then the thought struck him, could it catch him why had it not?  Was it merely toying with him or was there more to it than that?  Suddenly he stopped.  His pursuer stopped, growling and fretting just beyond reach.  He began to walk and it slunk after, as if it hoped to nip him in the rump when he wasn’t looking but not daring to come closer.  He turned and faced the thing, whatever it was, and knew it had no part in him.
He did not belong to the darkness or to the Abyss or despair or anything else, he belonged to the Master and this vile thing could not touch him.  With that realization, the thing howled in despair and fled yipping into the distance.  Suddenly there was light in that place, one a glorious, awful light and the other the tepid light of the mortal world.  Two doors gaped before him and he knew he must choose.  He could pursue that wondrous light into the Master’s own country and vanish forever from all the pain and sorrow with which the mortal world is fraught or he could return to the world he once knew and continue as he had begun.  He studied that glorious light for a moment in pure joy and then made his choice.

Baye stood before the Lady of Astoria, she sat in her chair wearing a look of barely concealed annoyance, demanded she, “where are they Baye?”  Baye met her gaze evenly but made no reply, continued she, “first Jace vanishes, then Adan, and now Hawk.  Where are they?”
Baye shook his head, saying regretfully, “I cannot say my Lady.”
She speared him with her gaze, “cannot or will not?”
Baye smiled ruefully, “happily, this time it is cannot.  I do not know what has come of them.  They will probably return, but it could be a very long time.”
She shook her head in exasperation, “am I ever to know the full truth?”
Baye said solemnly, “not while this life lasts, my Lady.  But perhaps one day.”
She sat back resignedly and asked, “what can you tell me of their fate?”
Baye replied, “each of us must undertake such a journey, it is the final trial of our service, the end of our apprenticeship as it were.  Each man’s is different and unique to his own needs and experience.  But we can be gone for as little as five years and up to a century and beyond.”
She gaped openly at him, “a century?  You mean to tell me I may not live to see them return?”
Baye shook his head, “it is a possibility my Lady.”
She eyed him curiously, “and how long were you gone?”
Baye grinned, “about twenty years.”
She nodded in sudden understanding, “I remember hearing rumors that you were once assumed dead and then miraculously reappeared when no one thought you could possibly return.”
Baye chuckled, “so it is Lady.”
She said grimly, “Adan and Hawk may vanish for as long as they please and none may be the wiser, but Jace has a sister and mother who are constantly asking questions and demanding answers.”
Baye shook his head, “that is one reason for the extended vanishment: to break ties with our surviving kin.  Briane may well see her brother again someday but I fear his mother won’t live to see his return.”
The Lady nodded grimly, “then you may apprise her of the situation.”  Baye gaped like a stranded fish but managed a passable bow as he set off to fulfill this unenviable mission.


5

The years passed and eventually Adan and Hawk did reappear, but still Jace did not return.  Juliene grew old and eventually died with no sign as to the fate of her son.  Baye’s strange words both reassured and perplexed her, the only certainty was that eventually, whatever betide, they would meet again in the Master’s bright country.  Briane was both grieved and furious that Jace could tarry so long, but secretly believed he was dead and would never return more, whatever Baye said to the contrary.
The years pressed ever onward and still Jace did not return, but the Lady grew old and frail and knew her own days were now numbered.  One night she sat before the fire, an open book unnoticed in her lap, pondering the mysteries of life and all that lay beyond it.  She had so much to do but she could no longer accomplish half of what she could in her relatively lengthy youth, or even a year gone.  The sudden creak of the door drew her from her reverie and brought a look of astonishment to her face.
Said she with a slight smile to the servant that had intruded upon her solitude, “have you ever heard of knocking Jared?”
The servant smiled and bowed deeply, “forgive the intrusion Lady, but I thought you might appreciate a few answers to the riddles that have troubled you all these years.”
She frowned at him, “riddles?”
Jared grinned, “answers to all the questions that surround me and my fellows.”
Understanding dawned immediately, “I get my answers at long last but they will do me little good it seems.”
Jared shook his head, “I am afraid not, but at least I can satisfy your curiosity.”
She settled back in her chair and said with a smile of anticipation, “very well, enthrall me.”  And so he did.  She was both satisfied and surprised by his revelations, having imagined certain parts of the matter to be quite different than they actually were but also having guessed correctly far more than she had anticipated.  As the sun was on the rise, Jared rose and said quietly, “it is time, Lady.”
She nodded, smiled slightly, and said, “I know.”
He knelt before her, she held out her hand, he touched it, and she vanished in a brilliant flash of light.  Jared crept from the room, just another servant among many in the castle, but soon word spread that the Lady had vanished from Astoria.

Briane was riding along, minding her own business, when suddenly her unicorn seemed to go mad.  He squealed in very joy, reared in ecstasy, and then bowed himself to the ground, flinging his rider from her saddle in the interim.  Brie rolled onto her knees, but got no further, sensing a Presence that bid her remain thus.  A shudder of joy and dread ran through her, knowing she was in the presence of the Master Himself.
The Great Unicorn nuzzled her gently on the cheek and said, “rise child, I have called you to lead My servants.”
Briane gaped, “me?!”
He chuckled, “and none other.”
She dared raise her eyes to His, finding only joy and wisdom and love therein, rather than a blinding radiance, said she, “what has come of my brother?”
He said quietly, “you will be reunited very soon.”  He paused, amusement tingeing His voice, “but you will not receive all the answers you desire.  Do not be too angry with him, for this is My doing and not his.  He can only reveal so much.”  His voice grew cautious, “remember what comes of seeking after that which is forbidden you.”
She bowed her head in shame and He nuzzled her gently, “easy child, I do not chastise but merely warn that there are some things you cannot yet know and others for which the world is not ready.  He will have secrets and you must allow him to keep them and trust that I will reveal them when and as I will.”
She looked up, wonder and astonishment in her eyes, but He was gone.  Her unicorn whickered eagerly and they were immediately on their way back to Astoria.




Shadow:




1

An excited whicker drew Baye’s attention back to the present.  It had been nearly eighty years since Jace had vanished and he had been musing on when and if the boy would return, wondering what the lad would think to find his sister the new Lady of Astoria.  Baye’s smile deepened as the source of the sound burst out of the vibrant spring growth that engulfed the forest around them.  Jace’s unicorn stood before them, dancing and snorting in excitement, urging them both to follow.  Baye immediately assented and the two unicorns took off with all their native speed.  A few moments later, they were standing on the far edge of a clearing, gazing down into a deep but narrow gully at the base of a great tree.  
Baye eyed the unicorn amusedly, “you want me to climb down there.”
The creature snorted the obvious answer, Baye shrugged, and began the descent.  Lying amidst the ferns and moss, lay the remains of a human skeleton, half buried in the soft soil, gnawed by rodents and further weathered by wind and water, little remained but a gaping skull in which a rodent had once nested, a shattered rib cage, and a femur that bore an impressive callus testifying that it had once been broken.
Baye smiled eagerly, “so this is where you have been hiding yourself.”
The unicorn whinnied excitedly from above as he laid a firm hand upon the crushed chest.  Light engulfed the skeletal remains and immediately Jace lay on his back in the bottom of the gully staring up at Baye in pure joy.  He took the offered hand and was soon on his feet.  He gazed at his onetime mentor and said, “that was dreadful.”
Baye clapped him on the back and said, “it always is, but there is no way around it if you want to become a full Shadow.”
Jace grinned sheepishly, “I did not say it was not worthwhile, I just said it was unpleasant.”
Baye laughed, “it is good to have you back lad, I have missed you.”
Jace frowned, “it could not have been more than a few days, a month at most.”
Baye said soberly, “nay lad, it has been eighty years.”
Jace gaped, “eighty years!”
Baye nodded and urged the lad to climb out of the ditch, wishing to continue their conversation in a more sensible location.  As the boy climbed, Baye continued, “Adan was gone for eight years and Hawk for twenty three, but now we are again at our full strength.”  Baye climbed up himself and paused while the lad exchanged greetings with his unicorn.  Continued he once the pair had quieted, “your mother died nearly thirty years ago.”  He grimaced, “I explained to her as best I could and she seemed to understand, or was at least content to know you’d meet again one day beyond time.”
Jace nodded sadly, “thank you, I know it could not have been easy.”  He grinned impishly, “how has Briane taken it?”
Baye tried to hide his smile, “exactly as you would expect; she is also the new Lady of Astoria.”
Jace nearly fell back into the ditch as he exclaimed, “what?!”
Baye laughed, “that’s about how I thought you would take it, come, we aren’t far from Astoria and you can see for yourself.”  They mounted up and were soon on their way, Jace still reeling from all the revelations in the last few minutes.  Baye gave him some time to absorb what had already been revealed, before continuing, “there are a few things you need to know about your new position.”
Jace eyed him keenly, “I am no longer considered an apprentice then?”
Baye shook his head, “neither of the Brethren nor of the Shadow, you are a full member of both now lad.”  He grinned, “even if it means doing exactly as your sister tells you.”  Jace rolled his eyes but Baye continued, “you once saw me rid the world of the carcass of a dead lurker; you can now do the same.  You can use the light within yourself to move, change, or destroy certain objects.  You will also find walls and other physical barriers no obstacle now, just will yourself through them and you can pass like sunshine through an open window.  You can also hide from casual sight if you so wish.  Obviously you’ll need to practice these new skills but they will be quite useful now that you must venture forth alone.”
Jace grinned, “can they hide me indefinitely from my sister?”
Baye laughed, “I am afraid not lad.”
Jace sobered, a thoughtful look in his eyes, said he, “what happened?  I thought death and mortality were behind me.  I thought our Master’s light could never be quenched.”
Baye nodded, “they are now truly behind you, but you had things to learn which you couldn’t while imbued with our Master’s power, thus it had to be taken away for a little while that you might learn thereby.”  He smiled grimly in remembrance, “it is an uncomfortable feeling to wake up and suddenly find yourself mortal again, to know you will die and death will have its way with you.”  He eyed the boy keenly, “it is what everyone outside the Shadow lives and experiences on a daily basis and it is vital that you remember it.”
Jace shuddered, “it will be a lesson I never forget.”
Baye nodded, a broad smile on his face, “excellent lad, but now it is time to face your sister.”
Jace groaned, “this will likely be a lesson I never forget either.”  Baye grinned all the more and the boy frowned, “what is so funny?”
Baye chuckled, “you get to introduce the Shadow of the Unicorn to your sister, at least as much as she is allowed to know.”  Jace groaned all the more.

Jace saw a few faces he vaguely recognized amongst his comrades as they entered the city and rode towards the castle, but no one he once knew well.  The city seemed unchanged, save perhaps a little more crowded and the outlying district was perhaps a little larger, but it was the same familiar Astoria.  The guards on the castle gates let them pass unhindered, they gave a nod of greeting in passing but otherwise focused their attention on the small crowd waiting their turn to enter the castle proper.  Jace dismounted as if it had been only yesterday that he had stood thus, but to his sensibilities it very nearly had been.  Jared was there to meet them, smiling widely and wearing a new face, but otherwise the same old Jared, said he quite properly, “you would like to see the Lady?”
Baye nodded, “we would indeed.”
Jared nodded, “I will see to it at her earliest convenience.”  Said he in an undertone, “welcome back lad!”  Then he hastened off to see to the fulfillment of his promise.
As they waited his return, Baye said quietly, “I will accompany you but I think she will wish to speak with you alone.”
Jace nodded and then sighed in resignation before grinning impishly, “it cannot be worse than what I just went through.”
Baye nodded, “that’s the spirit lad, she can’t kill you, at least not permanently.”
Jace sobered at the thought but grinned when he saw Baye’s own smile, said he, shaking his head, “you are absolutely no help at all.”
Baye shrugged, “that is the thanks I get for teaching you everything I know?”
Jace snorted, “is that why my apprenticeship was so short?”
Baye raised an eyebrow quizzically but Jared’s return interrupted his witty repartee, said he, “she will see you immediately.”  He added quietly, “and I am not sure if she is more eager or furious.”  He grinned and returned to his accustomed place near the gate, leaving the pair to find their own way to the Lady’s usual chambers.
They bowed themselves in quite appropriately and the Lady immediately dismissed Baye before he could say anything.  He gaped in surprise but hastily made his bows and departed.  Once the door was shut and Jace was alone with his sister, they continued to study one another intently.  Said she at last, “you have not changed in the least!”
Jace shook his head, “and I won’t, not unless I wish to or must.”
She frowned at him, “where have you been all this time?  And then to just waltz back in as if nothing has happened?”
He smiled at her, with that grin she found so infuriating, said he, “to me it has been barely a week.”
She gaped openly at him, “a week!  It has been eighty years!  Our mother died of old age and I am the Lady of Astoria!”  She smiled ruefully, “if you can believe it, I still don’t.”  She left her great chair and began pacing before the window, her hands clasped at the small of her back.  Then she turned her keen eyes upon him, “I need to know what is going on Jace, with you and Adan and Baye.”
Jace nodded, “you had best include Hawk and Scamp on your list.”  He smiled, “and Jared.”
She looked up in astonishment, “that servant that tried to kill you when you were comatose?  Didn’t he get himself killed in the process?”
Jace smiled at the memory, said he, “oh, he did get himself killed.  We all have, on more than one occasion.”
She gaped at him anew, “you had best start at the beginning.”  She resumed her seat and stared at him, a brief pained look flashed across her face but she soon schooled her features to neutrality, said she, “I thought you long dead, but the Master Himself said you would come and that you would tell me strange things but that I must not seek too much information.”  She smiled ruefully, “as I once might have done.”  Continued she, pain and joy in her voice, “I thought never to see you again and here you are, walking in as if you haven’t been gone for nearly a century!  And now I’m the Lady and we can’t be just brother and sister anymore.”
Jace nodded, “I know, that was part of the reason for my disappearance: to sever all ties with that which had gone before.  I will always love you Brie, but things cannot be as they were.”
She bowed her head in sad acceptance of facts to which she had already resigned herself, said she, “what is it you have embroiled yourself in?”
A sudden thought occurred to him and he thought to practice one of the new skills Baye had broached.  He thought intently and suddenly there came a flash of light and two aged volumes rested in his hands.  Brie gaped anew, which was becoming a bad habit this day.  He handed the books to her and said, “this is where it all began.  Read the stories and they will give you some idea of what this is all about.  I will tell you what I can, but it will never satisfy you.”
She sighed mournfully, “I know,” but she eyed the books eagerly.
It was his turn to pace, said he as he walked up and down, “it is called the Shadow of the Unicorn, my Lady, for we are very servants of the Master yet must live and act in secret, our existence known to none but you and ourselves.  We possess various skills and traits that enable us to successfully accomplish missions that even the best of the Messengers cannot hope to survive, but the price of our service is that we must live apart from other men, even our Brothers and comrades though we serve the same Master.”
Brie asked incredulously, “you cannot marry?”  Jace shook his head.  The Lady shook her own and rolled her eyes, “no wonder my love life was such a disaster!  Every man I ever fell for was destined for such a life.”  She smiled grimly, “but then the Lady of Astoria rarely marries, so I suppose things have worked out for the best.”  She motioned for him to continue.
Jace obliged her, “while you may assign us tasks to accomplish, the most dire and dangerous known amongst the Brethren, we also receive our orders from Jared or even the Master Himself.  We may seem defiant or mysterious at times, but can never betray or disrespect you, Lady.  But there are some things to which you will never be privy.”
“That’s it?” asked she as Jace quit his pacing and stood calmly before her.
He shrugged sheepishly, as if they were still Students together, “that is all I may convey at the moment.”
She sighed and nodded, “quite fascinating, really,” her smile grew impish and for a moment she was a simple girl again, “I may have to find you some such horrid mission just to see what you can accomplish?”
Jace bowed deeply, “you have but to speak my Lady.”
She frowned, “what really happened with those that kidnapped me?  Baye said you survived the mission but I begin to think otherwise.”
Jace grinned proudly, “there is still no hiding anything from you, little sister.”  She flashed him an annoyed glance but let the remark pass, as they were alone.  Continued he, highly amused, “you are correct, though Baye technically told the truth.  You were captured by minions of a practitioner of blood magic and they needed your blood, or ours, they did not care which as long as it was one of the Brethren, to complete their fell rites, though due to our curious nature, our blood had the opposite effect to that which they had intended.  Needless to say, it was not pleasant but everything worked out for the best.”
She frowned, “you are telling me you can survive death?”
He bowed, “it is not so much surviving as waking up.”  She sat back in her chair, her thoughtful smile enough to send a chill down Jace’s spine.  She gave him a bland look but could not hide the eagerness in her eyes, which boded ill for Jace and his compatriots.  Before dismissing him, she asked thoughtfully, “I suppose it would be foolish to try apprenticing anyone with you?”
Jace shivered, “aye Lady, just ask Hawk how he fared under such an arrangement; it was not pretty.”
She nodded as he made his bows and withdrew, strangely relieved that the interview had gone so well.  Baye met him without and asked with a grin, “you survived?”
Jace laughed, “don’t look so surprised.  Now what do I do as I no longer have a mentor to order me about every waking moment?”
Baye smiled, “what any of the Brethren do between assignments: brush up on our skills and knowledge, teach, catch up with old friends, rest...”
Jace nodded, “rest?  Now there’s an idea!”
Baye laughed, “after what you have been through of late, I would think that would be a good idea.”  He sobered, “it is not of physical rest that I speak lad, at least not in your case.”  
The boy nodded, knowing his friend spoke wisely.  He asked brightly, “who, besides yourself and Jared, is still running about the keep?”
Baye said thoughtfully, “Hawk is the new swordmaster, well relatively new I should say, as he’s been at it the last forty years or so.  The others are out on assignment.”
Jace nodded, “what is it we actually do?  How often do we actually have an assignment?”
They settled on a bench under a spreading elm upon the great, walled-in lawn, as Baye replied with a smile, “you really have no idea what a ‘typical’ assignment is for the Shadow, do you?  Or even for one of the Brethren!  Your whole career has been one impossible scenario after another, but perhaps things will settle down for a time and you can figure out what ‘normal’ is, if there is such a thing in our profession.  Most often we are chasing down one member of the Brotherhood or another or investigating the disappearance of one of our colleagues.  Sometimes the Lady finds us some impossible political situation to rectify or a mission of dire urgency that needs our attention.  It never gets dull, that is for certain.”
Jace suddenly changed the subject, “how long has my sister been Lady of Astoria?”
Baye grinned, “about a week.”
Jace gaped and then laughed proudly, “she will do well then.”
Baye nodded, “they always do, the Master never chooses ill.”  He stood then, studying the boy intently, a proud light in his eyes, “I will find you later and we can catch up, but I have a prior engagement; I think you would benefit from a chat with our new swordmaster.”
Jace grinned, “is that an order?”
Baye laughed, “nay lad, only a suggestion.  But I suppose I can still order you about, as you are the youngest and least experienced of the Shadow.”
Jace frowned as he stood, “but I thought I was recruited before Adan and certainly before Hawk.”
Baye smiled, “you forget that you’ve been gone a very long time and they’ve been through a lot in the interim.  You are barely out of your apprenticeship.”
Jace stood with a sigh, “I suppose you are right.”
Baye clapped him on the shoulder, “easy lad, these things matter little in the grand scheme of things.  Give it a few centuries and it won’t matter at all.”
As this realization sunk in, Jace exclaimed, “a few centuries!  I cannot even fathom one!”
Baye grinned, “aye lad, one day you will, one day you will.”  He nodded in farewell and vanished out the door, Jace following slowly after, as this great revelation of just how long he might endure in such a service sank in.  Baye headed for the city but Jace made his way to the weapons yard, hoping to find Hawk.


2

The Students were just putting away their practice swords when Jace entered the yard, eagerly studying his old friend from a distance; Hawk had not yet noticed his presence, as he was quietly explaining something to one of the departing Students.  He must have felt keen eyes upon him, for he looked up and nearly jumped in surprise but managed to restrain his reaction to a slight smile and the merest nod of his head.  The last of the Students hastened off to lunch as Hawk drew his own sword, Jace automatically doing likewise as he approached the swordmaster.
Hawk set himself in a defensive stance and said with a grin, “so you’ve returned at last.”
Jace shrugged, setting himself as they launched into a sparring match, “to me it has only been a few days.”  He shivered as he blocked Hawk’s blade and then struck out with his own, “a dreadful few days at that.”
Hawk smiled grimly in remembrance, saying ruefully, “my own journey was far from pleasant, but the incident prior to my recruitment was far worse.”
Jace nodded in understanding, thrusting at his faux foe, “I wondered how you recovered from such a trial?”
Hawk shivered, “I thought it all a horrid dream, everything from killing Scamp to ending up inexplicably in the dungeons of Astoria an hour later when we had been somewhere in the far south of the world.  I was too shocked and dazed to think it all through, but even the briefest recollection of what it was I had done was enough to drive me mad with guilt and despair, thankfully Scamp came to see me not long after you left.  He tried to explain as best he could, which is difficult considering the secretive nature of the Shadow and my own overwrought sensibilities, but just knowing that he was alive worked wonders upon me.  He left me then to my reading, to which I could attend at last with a somewhat sound mind.  I was somewhere in the middle of the second volume when the Light came.”  He smiled broadly in remembrance, “and after, nothing else mattered.”  
Jace lunged in suddenly with his sword, asking, “how is it you became swordmaster?”  He grinned impishly, “how did my sister take the news that you had abandoned her as easily as Adan had?”
Hawk’s smile grew dangerous as he parried Jace and countered with his own stroke, said he, “she was out on assignment at the time and we did not see each other again for over two years, by then she had lost all interest in men and was solely focused on her duty.”  He grinned, “I suppose it helped immensely that I did not pay her court as intently as I once had done.  No doubt she took it as an insult and decided she was not to be trifled with.  That and I mysteriously vanished for some years shortly thereafter.”  Jace laughed his agreement as Hawk continued, “as to this assignment, I understand it is traditionally held by one of us, though there were a few years where another held the position until I was counted old and experienced enough.”
Jace frowned in thought, “why would the swordmaster need to be of the Shadow?”
Hawk said in triumph, as he scored Jace’s shoulder with his blade, “who better to keep an eye on the up and coming Students?  Jared sees all who enter the castle, as I see those intent on gaining skill with a blade.”
Jace nodded, grunted in pain as Hawk struck, and then replied with his own counterstroke, “it makes sense.  So you two ward the keep while the rest of us protect the world?”
Hawk replied, easily blocking the blow, “actually we do a fairly good job of protecting the world without leaving the keep, for there is much that happens in Astoria that has worldwide repercussions.”
Jace nodded, striking again, “now that I think about it, you are right.  How many kings come here for counsel or send their children to learn?  How many of your current students will one day be leaders, advisors, or warriors scattered all over the known world?”  He smiled eagerly, “an influential position indeed!”  He laughed merrily, “you have no need of the rest of us at all.”
Hawk grunted as Jace’s blade nicked his arm, said he, “don’t be ridiculous, your missions are just as important as our own, though perhaps far less visible to the casual observer.”
As one, they sheathed their blades and withdrew to a quiet bench alongside the wall, grinned Hawk, “not a bad match, you’re not a bit rusty.”
Jace smiled proudly, “and you’ve come a long way with your own skills.”
Hawk nodded, “just wait until I have been at it for a few more centuries.”  He winked, “I might even rival you one day?”
Jace asked soberly, “can you even comprehend the idea of centuries?”
Hawk smiled wryly, “you’ve had, what?  Twenty years of conscious life, at most?”  Jace nodded as Hawk continued, “the years pass quickly and are not as overwhelming as they seem at the first.”  He said gravely, “and you can Go at anytime, remember.”
Jace shivered, “after all I’ve been through, I’d like to give it a try first.”
Hawk smiled, “and I have no doubt you’ll choose to remain in this service for a very long time.”
Jace’s brow furrowed, “how long can we serve the Shadow?”
Hawk said quietly, “until the end of Time, if that is your wish.”
A sudden intensity glowed in Jace’s eyes as he whispered, “I could watch all of history unfold?”  Hawk nodded and Jace grinned eagerly.  Changing the subject, he asked excitedly, “Baye mentioned a few new skills I now possess but need to practice, do you have time to help me?”
Hawk grinned, “I would love to but the midday meal is almost over and I have a class.”  He winked, “besides, a kid of your talents should be able to figure most of it out on your own.”
Jace frowned, “kid?”
Hawk smiled but could say no more as a bevy of excited Students descended upon the practice yard and ended all conversation.  Jace shook his head, smiled a farewell, and withdrew to the keep.  
“You look lost,” said a familiar voice.
Jace looked up with a smile and said to Jared, “lost in thought perhaps, I have much to think about.”
Jared smiled in understanding, “it is overwhelming at first, but you’ll acclimate quickly.  A little down time is just what you need.”  He shivered, “you’ve been through a lot of late, at least in your own reckoning.  Why not go for a ride and sort out your thoughts?”
Jace nodded his thanks and asked as he turned to go, “how have you handled it, these centuries of service?  I am finding the thought a little intimidating.”
Jared laughed, “one day at a time lad, one day at a time, and before you know it, it will have been a thousand years or more!  Off with you, and don’t get all gloomy and overwhelmed, there is no need for such in our Master’s service.”  Jace smiled slightly at this and vanished in the direction of the stable.  His unicorn was already waiting, eager to be off, wanting to spend some time alone with his long sundered master.  Jace poured out his heart to the creature, his questions and concern, hopes and aspirations, and received some sound advice and no little encouragement in return.  They stopped in the late afternoon, Jace little heeding whither their path had led until an unwelcome sight loomed before him.
He frowned at his companion and the unicorn whickered in amusement, as always, his sensible advice overriding his master’s annoyance.  Jace needed to practice a few necessary skills and this was the ideal place to do so, as they were unlikely to be disturbed and he needed somewhere with walls.  He entered the crumbling ruin that had once been his home, giving his unicorn a rueful but grateful look, at which the stallion whinnied his approbation.  His first few attempts to walk through a wall were disastrous, at least to his pride, but certainly amused the unicorn.  At last he mastered the technique and moved on to the rather simple skill of vanishing from casual sight, but when he turned to see the unicorn’s reaction, the creature too had vanished.  He grinned and shifted, allowing himself to again become visible, at which the unicorn also reappeared and they shared a good laugh.
The final skill he wished to practice was something altogether different.  He had seen Baye exhibit it on one occasion, had conjured a couple books for the Lady, and even managed to move Hawk and himself halfway across the continent, but it had been done through him, not of his own volition.  If he could master this skill, he was overawed at what it might mean, for this was the Master’s own power: the ability to manipulate matter, space, and time.  
Just then a little bird lit on an overhead branch and drew the boy’s full attention, chirruped He, “there is a reason this particular skill is not granted to mortal men.  Only one who has traversed from death into true life can be trusted with it, for you can no longer act outside My will.  I may choose to use it on occasion with those not so bound, but it is at My discretion, not theirs.  Learn well child and use it in My service.”  With a flash of white wings, He was gone.
Jace rose from his knees, a thoughtful look on his face.  No matter how wondrous, it was not this particular skill that consumed his thoughts at the moment; it was the concept that he was beyond mortality, beyond human failings, beyond petty sins, and he knew with all his heart that he could not, did not want to, act outside his Master’s will.  He bowed his head in silent thanks and reverence.  He stood then, intending to get on with what they had come for, but Baye stood before him in the growing gloom of evening, a knowing smile on his face.
Said he, “that last skill will take a bit of work to master lad, I’ll be happy to show you a few tricks, but right now we had best get back to the keep, like sensible folk who go indoors after dark.”
Jace grinned, having already forgotten what it was to be unable to see in the dark.  Said he, “very well, I shall try and be sensible for once in my life.  Lead on!  But I make no promises that I shall ever be so again.”  They returned to the keep just in time for the evening meal and sat down in a forgotten corner for some long overdue and much needed conversation.
As the night wore on, Baye said with a slight smile, “you should probably go to bed lad.”
Jace looked up in surprise, “but I thought we no longer needed sleep.”
Baye grinned, “physically, no, but that does not mean we cannot benefit from it, especially when we have been through so much in so short a time.  Your mind will thank me in the morning, now off with you.  That and people might begin to notice if we avoid eating and sleeping on a regular basis.”  
The boy smiled tiredly and began to wander off, but then stopped and looked concernedly over his shoulder, “but I have not been assigned a room.”
Baye shook his head, “you can bunk with me, now get you gone!”  Feeling an apprentice once more, the boy hied himself off as bidden, but he was rather grateful to Baye in the morning.  While not physically requiring a night’s rest, it was just the thing to settle and refresh his overwrought mind.
He awoke to find Baye just rising from the other bed, said Jace with a grin, “it is good to see that you take your own advice.”
Baye nodded with a slight smile, “I, like you, try to be sensible on occasion.”  They shared a laugh and then made ready for the day.  
As they traipsed down to breakfast, Jace asked, “how long do you expect to remain in Astoria?”
Baye said with a smile, “not long, the longest I have ever lingered was that time I picked up a rather unruly apprentice.”
Jace laughed, “come now, Adan was not half so bad.”
“As his predecessor, no!” said Baye with a chuckle.  Continued he in a more sober mien, “I’ll likely be gone in a day or two, but you may be here for awhile, until you’ve adjusted to your new life and recovered from your journey.  Why don’t we practice a certain new skill while the morning lasts, then I have another rendezvous.”
Jace perked up at this last, as Baye’s voice became rather reluctant when mentioning his other project and almost embarrassed, said the irrepressible youth, “what is this mysterious duty?  Is it the same that parted us yesterday?”
Baye said grudgingly, “yes and never you mind what it is.  It is something the Lady suggested and I could hardly refuse her.”
Jace decided he might take a page from Briane’s modus operandi and try to covertly discover what it was that Baye was so desperately trying to hide.  So he readily agreed to Baye’s proposal and immediately dropped all apparent interest in his other project, which immediately aroused Baye’s suspicions, but not wanting to draw any more attention to the matter, he led the way into the dining hall.  After breakfast, they rode out to that crumbling fortress and began in earnest.
“Now,” said Baye, as he stood beside a fallen piece of stonework, “if you can imagine it, you can probably accomplish it with this particular skill, assuming it is within our Master’s will, which it will be if you can dream it up.”
Jace asked, “does this mean I no longer have a will of my own?”
Baye laughed, “do not be ridiculous, you are as much yourself as you have ever been, actually more so, as you are what the Master designed you to be, but as you have now passed forever beyond the confines of time and death, your sinful nature is forever lost, thus our thoughts and desires naturally coincide with the Master’s.”
Jace nodded, a thoughtful frown on his face, “you are saying I can no longer unwittingly defy our Master?  It must be consciously done and I assume has grave consequences?”
Baye nodded, “that is precisely what I am saying, you can of course cast all this aside and go your own way, but the moment you willingly withdraw from the Master’s keeping, you throw yourself willingly into the Abyss.”
Jace shivered, “just like Jay, save he found redemption whereas I would be utterly condemned.”  He grinned, “certainly not worth it!”
Baye smiled slightly, “what did you expect after all you have endured, that you would remain faithful through all of that and then abandon it all on a whim?  That is why there are so many checks, trials, and tests in joining the Shadow, that none may make it this far without being completely confident in their decision and our Master.  Now back to the lesson.”
They spent the balance of the morning moving that particular piece of stonework about the ruin, banishing it utterly and then recalling it, changing its shape or color, and any other strange and wonderful exercise Baye could contrive to introduce his former apprentice to this new skill.
As they finished and Baye had to leave for his mysterious rendezvous, Jace thanked him for his efforts and impishly wished him well in his future endeavor.  Baye gave him a patient look but as the lad seemed content to remain and practice a bit longer, did not give it a second thought as he mounted and rode away.  The moment they were out of sight, Jace summoned his own mount and followed swiftly after, both cloaked in invisibility.  As a precaution, Jace asked Baye’s mount not to reveal their presence.  The unicorn replied that he could not overtly lie to his master, but if Baye did not ask, he did not necessarily have to tell him.  There was a vast deal of amusement in the reply, which made both Jace and his unicorn grin.
As they rode back to the city, Jace contemplated how useful this new skillset would be on his upcoming missions; he would make the perfect spy, secret agent, and detective.  His unicorn snorted the obvious, it was for this that he had been recruited and thus equipped.  He smiled wryly at his own oversight as they silently shadowed Baye.  People jostled unknowingly against them in the midday crowds but didn’t seem to notice, as there were people and animals pressing in from all sides.  Baye vanished into a seedy tavern rather than continuing on to the keep, which startled Jace no end, as the Brethren were not known for frequenting drinking establishments, save in rural areas where they served as the main communal gathering places.  Avoiding the hustle and bustle of the doorway, Jace opted to practice ghosting through the wall.
Baye had placed himself at a table near the back, an untouched mug of some tepid brew before him; he glanced expectantly at the door, as if waiting for someone.  Said he to the air, “if you insist on being present for this interview, at least come in the front like a civilized person, and in a visible manner.”  Jace gaped but hastily did as instructed, pulling up a stool across from his grinning friend.
Said he in amazement, “how did you know?  Can you somehow sense my presence?”
Baye shook his head with a grin, “nay lad, but I know you well enough, and know you and your sister are enough alike, that I had no doubt you would follow when I refused to be more explicit, that and I asked my unicorn if we were being tailed.  His vague reply confirmed my suspicions.  I must say, you’ve mastered those particular skills at least.”
Jace smiled ruefully, “so what exactly are you doing here and why wouldn’t you tell me outright?”
Baye replied, “I am not exactly sure what it is I am doing here.  The Lady asked that I meet with a certain mysterious personage who had many questions about Astoria and the Brethren.  I came yesterday and met a cloaked individual, a very young man by his voice, who asked any number of questions and then vanished just as suddenly, agreeing to meet again today.”  He glanced about at the nearly empty inn, continuing, “as you can see, this place isn’t exactly crowded, so it is an ideal place to meet if one does not wish to be seen.  As to why I didn’t mention it, this person is rather secretive so I thought it rude to betray his secrets.”  He shook his head, “not that you couldn’t ferret them out on your own.”
He said no more as a furtive figure ducked into the inn, his hesitant movements certain to draw the attention he so wished to avoid; he glanced at the stranger and nearly fled, but some draw stronger than fear bade his feet approach the table.  Baye greeted him calmly and said, “this is my former apprentice; he may be able to answer some of your many questions or give you a perspective closer to that of a man your own age on the matter, but I can certainly ask him to leave if you would prefer.”
The cloaked figure flinched at having his apparent age and gender discovered but seemed to study Jace intently from within the depths of his hood.  At last he nodded, seated himself, and said, “very well, I should be able to trust another of the Brethren with this.  Yesterday I asked you much of life in Astoria and the Brethren in general.  I have a decision to make, one that may have grave repercussions to more than just myself, and I would have your advice on how to proceed.”
He paused to allow his words to sink in and then began gravely, “the reason for my secrecy is that there are those that would seize me in a moment were it known what it is I intend.  For I am the crown prince of a certain nation, albeit the King is a mere figurehead at the mercy of his strongest and most ruthless lords, but nonetheless, I am due to inherit the crown, a day I am loath to see.  These same lords already think me well and truly under their sway and any transition in the kingship a mere formality.  The truth is, I can do nothing to resist them in my own turn as my father in his.  I wish to escape it all and join up with the Brethren so that I might perhaps do some good in this world, rather than spend my life a mere puppet upon the throne.  I am content with my decision on a personal level, but that is not the only consideration.  What of my people, my country, my father?  What will come of them if I do as I intend?  Thus, is my desire wholly selfish and therefore wrong?”
Baye asked thoughtfully, “have you any siblings who could then inherit the throne?”
The boy shook his head, “I am the only child and if something happened to me, undoubtedly one of the sons of said lords would try to assume the throne and ignite a civil war, or perhaps they would just find some other puppet through whom to reign.”  He sighed heavily, “though I cannot see that war would be much of a change for the worse, as conditions currently exist in my homeland.”
Baye shook his head grimly, “you must bring your case to the Lady herself, I can give you no sound judgment, but can only counsel you to make no decision in fear or haste.”
The boy nodded glumly but said hopefully, “would you obtain such an audience for me?”
Baye smiled, “why don’t you come back to the castle with us and we shall discuss the matter with her at her earliest convenience.”  The boy stood and followed them from the inn, hoping they looked far from conspicuous.  


3

Said the Lady after the situation was briefly explained to her, “Baye, I sent you to answer questions, not provoke more.”  She frowned thoughtfully, “what is the right course of action in this situation?  I cannot accept the Oath of a parent with a dependent child, how much less can I do so from the only child and heir to a throne, the only one standing between a nation and civil war?  Unless you can find a way to smooth out the succession, I am afraid I cannot accept your Oath.”
Jace said something quietly to Baye, who gave him an astonished look, but then frowned thoughtfully as he nodded.  He turned to the Lady and asked, “might we have a word alone, my Lady?”
“Certainly,” said she as she stood and withdrew to a small side chamber with her servants, leaving the distraught prince to mull over this grim pronouncement.  Said she, “you have an idea?”
Baye eyed Jace skeptically, “it is insane, my Lady, but it just might work.  We must do something to help this country, regardless of what happens with the Prince’s intended Oath or not.  From what he has said, he thinks war little worse than the tyrannical rule of these despots.  We could send someone in the Prince’s stead, a look alike as it were, and see if we could somehow restore justice to this oppressed King and his people.”
She looked at him aghast, “and just where do you propose finding said twin and be certain he is a man who could accomplish all you say?”
Baye smiled hugely and said, “perhaps your brother did not tell you everything pertaining to the Shadow?”
She gasped as the Prince suddenly stood before her where Baye had once been.  She schooled her features to neutrality and glowered at her brother, who shrugged and grinned sheepishly in reply.  Said she, “I suppose I can honor the boy’s request then, assuming you can find someone else to be heir to the throne and ensure a smooth transition.  Go forth and root out these nefarious usurpers and save a realm from civil war.”  She smiled grimly, “sounds like something perfectly suited to this Shadow of yours.”  Baye bowed his head in acceptance of the mission and smiled in response to her last comment.  She shook her head, “now I’ll have to go back and eat my words, afterwards, interview the boy as you must.”  She turned grim eyes upon Jace, “make sure he knows what he is getting himself into and also ward him against any who might think to take advantage of the situation.  Someone might already have noticed he has vanished from his homeland.”
They returned to the main audience chamber and the Lady said to the glum Prince, “I have reconsidered your position and perhaps you can have your wish and we may even save your country in the process.  I will send one in your stead who will try and right the wrongs afflicting your country at present, you will give him your full cooperation, and then we shall discuss your Oath.”
He nearly glowed with joy, bowed deeply, and said, “I am at your service Lady.”  She then dismissed them and they withdrew to a small side chamber to discuss matters.
Said Baye, “is anyone likely to notice your absence?”
The prince smiled grimly, “it is unlikely, I am of no import save as a tool in the event of a succession, but if anyone is curious, I am supposedly visiting my mother’s kin in the adjacent Kingdom.  Who is this you will send in my stead?”
Baye said, “I will go, but I will need to know everything you can tell me about yourself, your life, your country, and everyone in the Kingdom of any import.”
The boy whistled, “that is a tall order.”
“Perhaps,” said Baye, “but I see no other choice, once I have exhausted you with questions, my former minion here has been assigned to keep you safe and make sure you truly want to go through with this.”  The boy nodded eagerly.
It was a long night for them all, but Baye felt comfortable in the role he would be playing and immediately dismissed the former Prince to bed.  Said he to Jace, “would you mind helping me relocate?”  Jace nodded and accompanied Baye to the stableyard where his unicorn waited.  Once he was mounted and they had withdrawn to a dark corner of the lawn, Jace placed a firm hand on the creature’s shoulder and the pair vanished in a flash.  Yawning, Jace withdrew to find what sleep he could.

Morning found both the Prince and his new bodyguard refreshed, said the latter, “feel like some breakfast, Highness?”
Prince Caire nodded eagerly, “certainly, and afterwards you will have your chance at me as your friend did last night.”  He sighed hopefully, “then perhaps the Lady will do as I so desperately wish.” 
Jace frowned, “you cannot wait for the next Oathtaking?”
Caire shook his head, “nay, lest some crony of my father’s enemies should hear of the matter and try to take advantage of it.”
Jace shook his head, “even so, I do not think your having taken the Oath will prevent such an occurrence.”
“Perhaps not,” said he in grim acceptance, “but it will put me at ease, even so.  I will finally belong.”  He looked up hopefully, “I will have a place and a purpose at last.  Can you understand that?”
Jace smiled sadly, “more than you know, let’s go find something to eat and then discuss this at length.”  
Discuss it they did, and there was nothing the boy wanted more, had ever wanted more.  So it was that Jace was forced to confront his sister with this inevitability.  She looked at him in surprise, “he will not wait for the next Oathtaking?”
He smiled ruefully, “not if he can help it.”
She shook her head grimly, “I suppose I have no reason to deny him, if he desires it so much and has willingly abandoned his birthright.  Bring him too me.”  She caught his shoulder as he turned to go, said she in warning, “he is your responsibility whilst he remains in Astoria, ward him well.”  Jace bowed his acceptance and went to fetch Caire.

Less than an hour later, a jubilant Caire, now an official Apprentice of the Brethren, nearly skipped down the hall in his joy with Jace following silently after.  He felt, as the Lady did, that all was not as happily concluded as the carefree renegade assumed.  Someone had undoubtedly noticed the boy’s flight and intended to use it for their own gain, though hopefully too late, as Baye was even now trying to settle matters in the lad’s homeland.  Jace spoke up at last to the buoyant apprentice, “I do not think it wise for you to leave the castle until we are sure this matter has been satisfactorily resolved.”
Caire stared at him aghast, as if he were a worried old grandmother scolding her little one for not wearing a coat on a fine summer day just in case it might rain.  Said he, a bit perturbed, “what of my lessons?”
Jace smiled grimly, “only your riding lessons are held outside the city and I think you at least know how to sit a horse?”
Caire nodded in dejection, still not used to being ordered about, Prince that he had been.  He sighed heavily, “I suppose I must abide by your advice, no matter how overprotective it might be.”
Jace immediately put the boy in his place, “you are the one who slunk in terror to Astoria and begged to be allowed to take the Oath and that a way might be found to spare your Kingdom.  You are a prince no longer and must abide by all that you have sworn.  If you are having second thoughts, now is the time to recant and be on your way.  As to being overprotective, I fear it is rather that you do not understand the gravity of the situation.  You are not as unimportant and unobserved as you think yourself.  Someone saw you flee and no doubt intends to use that for their own benefit.  You are vulnerable the moment you set foot outside the castle and you are not to do so until I or the Lady give you explicit leave to do so.  Am I understood?”
The boy gaped, never having had anyone treat him thus, even his father’s tyrannical lords, though he had never dared even speak to such terrifying men, but to be put in his place by this peasant who could be little older than himself, came as quite a shock, but the more reasonable side of his personality won out, rebuking the feelings of wounded pride that threatened to burst forth in fury.  Said he contritely, “I do apologize, this has been a trying time for me; my entire life has been one of fear and repression, only today am I truly free though I have bound myself thus.”
Jace smiled warmly, “come, speak as you will upon the matter, you might be surprised at how well I can relate.”  The lad met his eyes, hope burning therein; they secluded themselves in a quiet nook and the former prince poured out his heart to an ear that understood as perhaps few others could.

Jace saw the lad ensconced at a table in the dining hall, a plate of food before him and a bevy of curious classmates about him, and then retreated to speak with the Lady.  She stood before the window, gazing out at the sunset with the sleepy city beneath her, its lights twinkling like stars in the gathering dusk.  She did not turn around as he was ushered in by a servant, but as soon as they were alone, he approached and stood beside her, leaning his elbows on the sill even as she did.  Thus did they stand in silence, watching the sun vanish beyond the rim of the world and night sweep in as if the world donned a cloak, dark and begemmed.  At last they turned from the darkness without to the cheery glow of candle and hearth within, said she quietly, “it is sometimes very lonely being the Lady of Astoria.”  She looked at him gratefully, unshed tears sparkling in the flickering light, “thank you for reminding me that I am not truly alone; that I am more than my title and position.”
Jace bowed his head to hide his own tears and slight smile, knowing Brie would not understand, but under all her protestations of strength and independence, was a warm and passionate heart that felt deeply and loved fiercely.  He said quietly, when he had mastered his own emotions, that she not hear the quaver in his voice, “I understand Brie, I completely understand.”
She smiled in wry amusement, “I had not thought our positions so alike, but they are, in some ways at least.  I am isolated from the rest of the Brethren by my title and you by your uncanny occupation; all former friends and acquaintances are lost to us, at least as they once were.”  She took a deep breath and asked, all business again, “what is it you came to speak with me about?”
Jace replied in like tones, “I have ordered your newest apprentice to remain within the confines of the castle until this matter has been finally settled; I wish to pursue these villains and bring matters to a close.”
She nodded, “a good idea but how do you propose to draw them out.”
Caire suddenly stood before her, grinning like only Jace could, said he, “bait of course.”
She smiled slightly and nodded her assent, “very good, keep me apprised of the situation.  What happens if they take you back to Umboria and discover another Prince is already there?”
Jace’s grin was mischief itself, “then the story becomes all the more interesting.”  He bowed his farewells and left her presence, his heart heavy with the day’s revelations.  Long did he pace and pray that night upon the silent lawn under the stars, coming at last to peace with his past, his present, and whatever the future might hold.

In the morning, he bid farewell to the former prince and said, “I will pursue these villains and bring this matter to an end.  Hopefully you and your Kingdom will be free of their tyranny soon enough.”
Caire asked eagerly, “might I not accompany you?  Could I not be of use?”
Jace shook his head, “nay lad, this is something I must do alone.  It is best that you remain here and learn what you must so that you might prove the hero in your own turn.  Farewell.”  Caire sighed heavily but nodded his acquiescence and disappeared in the direction of his first class.  Certain that the lad was well and truly gone, Jace entered the stables to commence his transformation into the furtive prince.  He donned a hooded cloak, the appropriate face, and a manner befitting one terrified of his own shadow.  He emerged an hour later, slunk out the castle gates, and vanished into the city.
He wasn’t quite sure what to do after that, what would the disgraced prince do if his hopes of finding help in Astoria were dashed?  Return home and hope no one had noticed his absence or sneak off into obscurity, never more to be seen?  But he need not have worried, for those awaiting just such an emergence were not lax in their vigil.  Jace had wandered into a less frequented portion of the city and hid himself in a quiet alley as he pondered what next was to be done, but all he would soon contemplate was the darkness, as a heavy blow from behind rendered him senseless.  
He awoke to find the world still dark and far more stuffy than he remembered.  A pulse of light flared within him, clearing his addled mind and allowing him to think clearly.  He smiled ruefully, knowing none would see with a sack over his head.  He lay on his side, his hands and feet bound, while the jolting and swaying of his person testified to his position in the back of a wagon or carriage.  His mind sought that of his unicorn and the creature happily testified as to his current situation and location as the stallion shadowed the company at a safe distance.  There were five men in the party, four burly ruffians and one stately figure who had not yet deigned to get his hands dirty.  The seeming noble traveled in a nondescript carriage while his minions rode as escort and drove the vehicle; Jace was secured somewhere within the carriage, perhaps in a secret compartment to prevent inadvertent discovery during any sort of inspection by a patrol or the gate guards until they were well clear of Astoria.
The day passed interminably and uncomfortably, trussed up and confined as he was, but at least he had plenty to think about.  At last the carriage rattled to a stop and the sounds of men and horses filled the air as the party settled itself for the night.  At last he was dragged from his temporary prison and the smothering mask removed.  He did his best to look terrified and confused, simply having to remember how he felt the moment he had wandered unwittingly into a bandit camp on that last fateful night of his journey.  The ruffians set him ungently on a fallen log and returned to their duties while the noble gentleman settled across from him to study and sneer.
Said he in gloating triumph, “so you thought you could get away little prince, or perhaps sought help or sanctuary from the Brethren?  But I assure you, that is not possible.  You will assume the throne in your turn, sit quietly upon it as your father does, and do exactly as you are told.  It is not a terrible life, just consider yourself a servant with a rather cushy job and all will be well; if you defy us again, things will go ill for you I fear.  Now must we carry you all the way back to Umboria trussed like a goat for slaughter or will you cooperate that we might travel as befits your royal status?”
Jace grated, “I will not try to escape or make a fuss before strangers.”
“Very well,” said the satisfied nobleman, “be a good little boy and I may spare your life.”  He nodded curtly to one of the ruffians, who then cut the boy’s bonds.  Continued he, as if speaking to a rather recalcitrant child, “this pathetic show of courage does nothing to help your case, but perhaps it has convinced you of how futile is any hope of rescue?  It seems even the Brethren will not meddle in this affair, fervent champions of hopeless causes that they are.  What does that tell you about your case?”
Jace said wryly, “it would appear quite hopeless.”
The man nodded, “and has it taught you the folly of defying us?”
Jace sighed heavily, “it seems that I am completely at your mercy.”
“Very good,” said the man, “you will accompany us without trouble, without speaking, and without acting in anything unless instructed to do so, am I understood?”  Jace nodded, and he continued, “you will resume your place when we get back to Umboria as if nothing has happened and you will do exactly as you are told by those who hold the true power.”  Jace sighed heavily and this seemed answer enough to satisfy the man.
He was fed, whatever nameless stew the minions prepared for themselves and their noble master, and then tucked in to sleep in the middle of the camp.  In the morning, he was hustled into the carriage, thankfully unbound, but forced to sit across from the grim nobleman who paid him no heed, save to sneer triumphantly from time to time.  In the evening they stopped at an inn where he was given a simple supper and sent immediately to bed.  So it followed day after day, camping if no inn was convenient, but otherwise there was no variation in their schedule.  Jace silently wondered what Umboria and its residents would think if they arrived back in the country to find Baye already there, also in the guise of Prince Caire.
His musings were cut short as his unicorn alerted him to armed men without, nearly a dozen horsemen with swords at the ready, a richly clad and dangerous looking man at their head.  The party stood little chance against so many foes and Jace did not feel inclined to interfere.  It was soon over, the ruffians were easily dispatched and the two occupants of the carriage were dragged out into the road and made to kneel before the leader of the raid.  The captive nobleman gaped, “Farns!  You have some nerve!”
Farns scoffed, “I have nerve?  You are the one solely in possession of our renegade prince.  Hoping to use him for your own purposes no doubt!  That I cannot allow.”
“We had a bargain!” wailed the nobleman in desperation.
Farns snorted, “a bargain which you nullified in pursuing this renegade alone!  You should have brought the matter to the rest of us.  Now you have both become a liability.”
The agonized gentleman begged, “but the boy must be returned to Umboria or chaos will ensue.”
Farns shook his head, “we will think of something, we always do, but to act this way!  It reeks of defiance and treachery, neither of you can be trusted any longer.  Farewell.”  He nodded once to the captain of his men, who drew his sword and approached the kneeling pair upon the road.
The unnamed nobleman died pleading for mercy and understanding, though he had never bestowed it upon another living soul in his life.  As the soldier raised his sword to strike down the last captive, Farns motioned for him to stay his blade, at least momentarily.  He eyed the faux prince curiously, “you do not cry out for mercy or wail like an aggrieved old woman?”
Jace shrugged, “death comes upon us all, what have I to fear?”
Farns smiled slightly, “perhaps you have more spirit than many have given you credit, sire, a pity that, as it is a poor trait in a figurehead.”  He nodded and the guard struck true.  They made the incident look like a bandit raid and rode silently off into the growing twilight, back to Umboria and the mess that the prince’s disappearance had no doubt created.  At least there were now only two men to share power rather than three.


4

A unicorn stepped out of the mist and nuzzled the murdered prince gently, a pulse of light passing from one to the other.  Jace groaned and sat up, smiling gratefully at his old friend.  He gained his feet, glanced sadly at the carnage Farns and his men had wrought, and then climbed into his saddle, in silent pursuit.
The company had secreted themselves for the night in a forested dell, cloaked in mist and darkness.  The apparition arrived during the darkest watch of the night, the sentries drew back in terror, too frightened to raise the alarm as something ghosted into the hidden camp, something wrought of shadow and moonlight.  Jace dismounted, pausing to study the unicorn’s impressive visage, wondering if he appeared half so unearthly; the creature’s amused snort assured him that it was so.  The unicorn seemed wrought of dark mist, but an eerie blue light suffused him from within, as if errant moonbeams had become forever trapped within a smoky veil.  Jace studied his own person and smiled grimly, knowing this was an audience that would not be soon forgotten.  The watchmen hid themselves and begged the earth to consume them utterly while their sleeping comrades slept on unawares.
Jace approached the tent of the slumbering Farns, or what should have been the slumbering Farns, but the man sat on his cot and seemed to be waiting for the ethereal messenger.  He scoffed, “come for my soul then?”
Jace frowned, “your soul?”
The man growled impatiently, “is that not what all you specters and phantoms are after?”
Jace shook his head, “you alone are answerable for the fate of your own soul, sir, I am here simply as a servant of justice.  Will you come willingly and face a fair trial for your actions this night, among others, or must I mete it out here and now?”
Farns mocked, “have at me boy!  The results will be the same, enough blood stains my hands that you cannot but help finding me guilty of murder and worse.  Be done with it, quietly, rather than cause a public spectacle, that is, if you are capable?”
Jace said quietly, “would you make peace with the Master?”
The man barked a bitter laugh, “what need have I of mercy!  Strike true or be gone fell specter, I will not come begging at the last, come what may!”
Jace bowed his head, “so be it.”  He reached out a tentative hand and touched it firmly to the scowling man’s chest; he vanished in a sudden flare of light.  Jace inhaled sharply and took a horrified step back, his mind reeling from what he had just done.  For some reason taking a life in this manner was far different than dealing out death with a sword.
The magpie suddenly perched on Jace’s misty shoulder and said gravely, “you must remember that it is not you who are dispensing justice, but rather Me through you, whether by the sword or in this fashion, I will use you to accomplish what I must in this broken world.”  Jace bowed his head solemnly as the bird vanished in a flash of light.  The boy withdrew silently from the tent, returned to his saddle, and they vanished like mist in the morning, leaving the terrified minions to find their master spirited away in the dead of night.  Jace rode on towards Umboria, thoughtful with the revelation of the gravity of his new occupation.  It was not all adventure and crossing swords, but rather there were moments, such as last night, that were fit to break one’s heart, and suddenly he realized the sorrow the Master had borne on his behalf and that of all the world.  He bowed his head in grateful thanks as he rode on.

Umboria was a quiet land, almost too quiet.  The folk went about their business, never looking too closely at one another or any passersby, speaking only when absolutely necessary.  The villages and farmsteads were simple, functional, with no decoration or ostentation; the peasants were clad as simply as their habitations, with ever a look of worry or fear haunting every gaze Jace managed to catch in passing.  He arrived in the capital city without incident, wondering how much Baye had accomplished in the interim.  Two out of the three tyrannical lords had been accounted for, that meant only one remained; there was also the question of who was to assume the throne.  Jace wondered if the current King was even fit to rule, as trampled upon as he had been by his greatest lords, who had formed a brutal triumvirate to rule through him.
He entered the city in guise as himself, but clad as a simple traveler rather than one of the Brethren.  He entered the city without challenge but was stopped at the castle gates by some rather grim looking guards, who chased him off with dire warnings not to meddle in affairs that did not concern him.  He sat his saddle wondering how to enter, when his unicorn snorted and suggested the obvious solution.  Grinning sheepishly, he turned down an unoccupied alley and immediately vanished from sight.  The unicorn would remain in the city while Jace scouted within the castle, hoping to soon find Baye and learn what was passing in Umboria of late.  He stole through the outer walls unseen, and after a brief study of the servant’s livery, reappeared wearing a perfect replica.  He smiled eagerly, knowing a servant could ghost unseen about the castle almost as well as if he were invisible, and at least in this guise he could interact with those about him, rather than being an indifferent observer.
He wandered about for some time, mapping out the castle and listening to any gossip he caught in passing.  The sole surviving lord of the triumvirate had become temporary Steward of the throne, as the King was gravely ill and the Prince supposedly abroad visiting his mother’s relatives, though messengers had been dispatched to retrieve him with all haste.  Jace frowned, wondering where on earth Baye had secreted himself if all thought Prince Caire was still absent.  He needed to find Baye, somehow expose the treachery of the Steward, discover if the King still lived, and find someone fit to rule, if necessary.  That was a tall order for one who had only been in the Kingdom half a day.  Jace smiled to himself, he had done far more impossible things before. 
Another thought occurred to him, did the Lady have an Advisor to the King of Umboria?  Not likely if the country was in such a state and the Lady knew nothing of it, but that was something he could discover whilst he searched for the King, if he still lived.  He set off, hoping to find Baye, one of the Brethren, or the King, as he began to comb the far reaches of the castle.  He decided to start at the top and work his way down, not really having an affinity for dungeons not belonging to the Brethren.  He went to the northeast corner of the palace and mounted the stairs leading to the highest tower of the great castle, wondering what he would find, almost childlike in his eagerness to explore the forgotten reaches of the ancient structure.  He was rather disappointed to discover that the top third of that wing of the palace was unoccupied, save by pigeons and spiders.  The door leading to the highest tower was boarded up but that was no impediment to a Shadow, but his scouting little availed him.
Jace retraced his steps and had just passed through the barred door when his eyes met those of a terrified guardsman.  The man took one last look at the ghastly apparition and fled with a shriek of terror.  Jace frowned, thinking the man’s reaction a little much, even if he did just see a man walk through a closed door, but then he caught a glimpse of his own reflection in a dusty mirror hanging on the adjacent wall and smiled grimly, perhaps what this castle really needed was a good haunting.  He looked again at the figure in the mirror, wrought of dusky mist and bluish light, vaguely resembling a certain missing prince.  But first to find the King.  Jace vanished utterly from sight and resumed his exploration of the castle’s forgotten corners.
He found neither the King nor any of his comrades, including Baye, but he did manage to scare several servants, a minor lord, and three guardsmen, always appearing when he thought himself invisible.  He shook his head ruefully, knowing this was not of his own doing and content to know that this particular disaster was in hands far more capable than his own, those which had wrought the universe in fact.  At last there remained nothing but the dungeons to explore, that and the stables.  He had yet to meet the Steward, who was apparently out on a hunting foray, but he had seen no sign of the King, though he was supposedly somewhere abed and gravely ill.  He shuddered, hoping his lordship was not so vicious as to assign a sick man quarters in the dank and musty dungeons.  But his search of such a notorious basement yielded nothing either.
At last he withdrew to the stables, wondering where everyone was hiding, but he finally got to see the Steward, whose party had just clattered into the stableyard.  A sudden flash of silver drew Jace’s attention and a slight smile grew on his unseen face.  The Steward had just dismounted when a dismayed servant came rushing up to inform him that there had been several sightings of what was whispered to be the ghost of the Prince, several of the witnesses were reliable and sensible people, not prone to fancy or drink.  One of the servants that had accompanied his lordship on his outing smiled thoughtfully while the Steward did his best to maintain a look of dour incredulity.  He growled, “if someone dares to haunt my castle, let him make a proper introduction and we shall see what comes of the matter.  These rumors are to stop here and now, am I understood?”  The terror stricken servant nodded weakly but his master seemed content that the matter had been rectified then and there.
His lordship turned back to his hunting party and snarled, “what are you standing about gawking at?  See to the horses and then attend to your usual duties.  Go!”  His bellow set the horses to snorting and stamping uneasily, but it propelled the servants, guardsmen, and minor lords that had accompanied him into action.  The slightly grinning servant, who had drawn Jace’s attention, was the first to lead his and two other beasts back to the stables where he busied himself with settling his charges.
As he bent down to clean out a particularly muddy hoof, he felt a presence suddenly beside him in the crowded stall.  Said Jace with a grin, ducking behind the stall’s partition out of casual sight, “how long have you desired to be a groom?  I think you’d make a dandy stable boy.”
Baye smiled in amusement, “about as long as you’ve been interested in impersonating the ghost of someone who yet draws breath.”
“Not so,” said Jace in impish delight, “I hear tell that Prince Caire was brutally struck down upon the north road by one Lord Farns, alongside the third traitorous lord.”
Baye shook his head, his smile broad enough to split it asunder, “nay lad, when are you going to learn?  The reigning Steward had the unfortunate Prince murdered secretly the very night he returned to Umboria.”
Jace sobered, “what of the King?”
Baye said gravely, “he was said to be ill and abed the day I arrived, I have not heard or seen anything of him since.  What of Lord Farns?”
Jace shivered, “justice has been satisfied, only the Steward remains of the original threesome.”
Baye said thoughtfully, “so it only remains to prove the Steward a traitor and find someone fit to sit upon the throne.”  He smiled slightly, “I think I know just the man, but how to expose our dear Steward for the murderer and traitor he truly is?”
Jace smiled grimly, “leave that to me.”  Baye flinched in surprise at the ghostly figure with him in the stall; thankfully the horse was too busy attending to his grain to notice.
Baye said eagerly, “that might just do the trick.”  Jace gave him a roguish grin and vanished from sight.

The Steward was sitting at table, presiding over a sullen and anxious court that night, for none could dismiss this apparent haunting as easily as their current master, nor did they find his lack of faith reassuring.  But when the specter walked in and brazenly sat in the empty seat beside his lordship, the one reserved for the vanished Prince, he could not help but take notice.  He stared at the phantom and it stared back at him, a look of casual indifference on its face.  Stuttered he at last, every eye fixed upon the uncanny pair, “what is it you want?”
The apparition yawned widely and said lazily, “the usual.”
The Steward gasped, “my soul?”
The ghost appeared rather miffed, “why does everyone keep saying that?  Do not be ridiculous, I want justice of course.”
“Justice?” snarled the Steward, fury overcoming his fear, “justice for what?”
Yawned the specter, “you know very well for what.  Now just admit to all and sundry here your part in things or I shall prove quite a bother to the peace and quiet of this rather charming heap of rocks.  I will make such a nuisance of myself that eventually you will be the sole remaining occupant of this place.  Well?”
“All right!” roared the irate lord, “I admit it, I admit everything!  I arranged for the murder of the King and had the Prince killed when he returned unexpectedly from his visit abroad.  I and two others have been using the King as a puppet for many a year, ruling through him and intended to do the same with the heir.  Need I admit more or will that suffice?”  He glared at the insolent phantasm, which grinned in satisfaction.
Said Jace, “I think that is a fair start, the rest will no doubt come out at your trial.”
“I will not be put on trial by these mindless sheep for their own amusement!” seethed the furious Steward, “if justice is to be satisfied, let it be by my own hand!”
“No!” cried Jace, but it was too late, the man had drawn a dagger from some hidden sheath and drove it suddenly into his own heart.  He slumped in his chair and so perished the last of the traitorous trio.
In the sudden chaos, the ghost vanished, never more to be seen in that country while one of the Brethren propitiously appeared.  Baye stood forth to calm the aggrieved and stunned crowd, assuring them that order and justice would be restored forthwith to that long oppressed realm.  An aging but hardy minor lord had caught Baye’s eye as a potential replacement, if things were as they feared in regards to the King.  He readily agreed to assume the Stewardship and was heartily accepted by one and all as the true and proper King a few months later.  Caire was grieved to hear of his father’s demise but heartened to know that Umboria was at last free of the influence of the usurping lords while their sons and minions were properly cowed after the mysterious and sudden downfall of the triumvirate, readily accepting the new King in its stead.

Jace met Baye on the edge of the city as he made an appropriately quiet exit into the sunset, now that matters seemed well and truly settled.  Said the former specter, “thus ends my first solo adventure.”  He smiled roguishly, “and it was a right and proper fairy tale, complete with uncanny characters and the hero riding silently off in search of his next tale.”
Baye shook his head in mock dismay, but he could not hide his amused grin, “when will you kids ever learn that life is not a fairy tale nor our adventures the stuff of legend?”
Jace laughed outright, “come now, look who is saying what!”
Baye chuckled, “I suppose I am the last person who should be saying such a thing.”  He smiled ruefully, “if the adventures of our comrades are legend enough, the exploits of the Shadow must be thought nearly mythic.”  He shook his head, “not that anyone is ever likely to hear of them, save perhaps ourselves and the Lady of Astoria.”
Jace frowned, “who wrote the books then?”
Baye shook his head, “I once asked Jared that, he said they were old when he first saw them and that was well over a thousand years ago, in the very morning of the world.”
Jace’s brow furrowed in consternation, “how could that be possible?”
Baye said thoughtfully, “we can summon a thing from a distance, why could the Master not summon something from the future and bring it into the past?  For when Jared was Called, the Shadow had not yet been launched, so how could there be legends to recount?”
Jace said in wonder, “so some of those stories likely have not happened yet?”
Baye laughed, “oh, they have happened, at least in the Master’s perception though certainly not in ours.  For we see Time as a line that runs off straight into the future or back into the past, our current position upon it, what we call the present, a single point of many that have been or are yet to come, all merging together to form an unbreakable line.  But the Master sees all that has been and will ever be all at the same time, perhaps as a sphere, rather than as a line as we mortals assume it to be.  To Him, the past, the present, and the future are all happening at once!”
Jace shook his head, overwhelmed at this startling revelation of the physics, or rather, metaphysics, of time and space and reality.  Baye smiled in understanding, “this is all a theory of course, mortal mind certainly cannot wrap itself fully around such a concept nor our meager words give it satisfactory expression.”
Jace smiled eagerly, “it shall be interesting to watch the story unfold and then view it in full from the other side of eternity.”
Baye nodded his hearty agreement, “that it will lad, that it will.”  He suddenly drew up alongside Jace and placed a firm hand on the unicorn’s shoulder, said he with a smile, “but first, I think you have a few more plots to fulfill and characters to meet.”  The pair vanished in a flash of light and Baye continued on his way.


5

Jace blinked, only mildly surprised to find himself garbed as a commoner standing alone in an alley near the main castle gate in Astoria.  He emerged unnoticed from his seclusion and joined the small throng of those waiting to gain admittance to the castle, but he had not long to wait, for one of the guards motioned towards him, saying, “come to study lad?”
Jace grinned in amusement rather than in answer, but the Warrior didn’t know the difference; he stepped forward, allowing himself to be ushered into the courtyard where two other new students stood awkwardly glancing about, suddenly unsure of this strange adventure they had gotten themselves into.  
Jared approached the trio, wearing the same warm smile he had borne upon Jace’s first advent in Astoria and with which he greeted all newcomers to that strange land.  He caught a sudden flash of silver on the palm of one of the lads but took it in stride and did nothing to betray his surprise, said he to the three, “welcome to Astoria lads, come with me and I’ll see that you are settled.”  He put special emphasis on the last three words as he glanced significantly at the disguised Jace, a knowing sparkle in his eye.  Jace nodded blandly in return.  They set off, the neophytes happy to be away from the gate and all the strangers thereabouts.  Jared settled the pair of newbies in a room, gave them a brief introduction to Astoria and what next was to be done, and then motioned for Jace to follow further down the hall.
He turned to the faux Student once they were alone in the hall, “there’s a spare bed in this room but you may find your roommate a little intimidating.”  He paused and then continued dryly, “he’s the most skilled and talented Student Astoria has seen in eighty years, and well does he know it and reminds all those about him incessantly of his skill.  He refuses to room with anyone of lesser skill, though we insist otherwise, he always manages to intimidate the poor lad we think to place with him into either fleeing the city or begging to be reassigned to different quarters.”
Jace smiled reminiscently, “I will do my best.  Any idea why else I am here, save to fill a difficult bed?”
Jared, glimpsing movement further down the hall, said furtively, “people come to Astoria for many reasons lad and I could not begin to guess yours, but I am sure time will tell.”
The distant figure approached, made a minimal sign of courtesy, and then stared expectantly at Jared, as if expecting the creature to make a hasty exit, but Jared stood there, seemingly oblivious to the impertinent Student’s behavior, saying at last, “ah Griff, this is quite providential, let me introduce you to your new roommate, you can call him Ace.”
Griff studied the boy before him and was not impressed, but with a minimal nod of his head and a muttered, “so it is,” he withdrew to his room and left the pair to exchange an amused glance in the hall.
Jared said in farewell, a slight grin on his face, “may the Master ride with you, lad!”
‘Ace’ nodded, staring in astonishment at the closed door through which his roommate had vanished; he would certainly need the Master’s help, whatever this strange assignment turned out to be.  Taking a deep breath, he opened the door and hoped soon to find out why he was here.
Griff lounged in a chair, a book in his lap, but a scowl on his handsome face as Ace entered, said he, “don’t bother unpacking, you won’t be staying long; they never do.  I am the handsomest, smartest, most talented individual to cross the threshold of this castle in nearly a century, a fact that none dispute, and I do not wish to share my domain with lesser men.  You will prove yourself my equal or you will leave, those are your choices.  Well?”
Expecting a flabbergasted reply or none at all, he was aghast to hear Ace say quite calmly, “fair enough, just tell me when, where, and how.”
The book fell to the floor, forgotten, as Griff stood suddenly, stammered he, “we can start right now.  To the practice yard!”  Ace shrugged and allowed the baffled Griff to lead the way.  They picked up a gaggle of curious Students in their wake as they made their way out of the castle, all eager to see what Griff would do to his new roommate.
Hawk was putting away the last of the weapons from the day’s classes when the pair and their escort ambled into the practice yard, said he in some consternation, “what is this?”
Griff smirked, “a private duel, sir.”
Hawk’s frown deepened but Jace surreptitiously flashed his palm at the irritated instructor, whose demeanor suddenly turned thoughtful, “very well, whatever it is you are up to, leave me out of it and use only the wooden weapons.”  Griff offered a slight bow in acquiescence as Hawk departed, flashing Jace an incredulous grin as he passed.  
The Students murmured their eagerness and surprise as the pair selected their weapons and faced off in the center of the yard.  Said Griff with a sneer, “perhaps a sound bruising will curb your insolence, fool.”  With no further warning, he leapt upon the unsuspecting boy.
But Jace was far from unsuspecting and easily blocked the first blow and dodged in with his own, which confounded his opponent as much as an equitable answer to his initial challenge.  The ringing Students voiced their own surprise, their excitement intensifying with every thrust and parry.  At last out of breath, Griff said evenly, “enough, you have earned yourself the chance to stay the night in my quarters, tomorrow we shall see if your mind is as quick as your blade and if you shall remain another day in my domicile.”
Jace put up his sword, nodded firmly, and strode from the practice yard, leaving the mystified Students to whisper and gape in his wake.  Griff stood in the yard, sword forgotten in his hand, a bevy of conflicting thoughts roiling in his mind; it was a long time before he came in to the evening meal, but he did not find the astonishing Ace therein.  He returned to their shared quarters but neither was he there.  With a sigh, he flopped into his chair and took up his book, but paid it no heed as he replayed the evening’s events time and again.

Jace found Hawk waiting for him on a bench under an ancient tree on the great lawn, said he in greeting, “I suppose you are not here for some remedial sword instruction?”
Jace grinned, “I was actually hoping you could tell me what was going on.”
Hawk shook his head as his friend seated himself, “all I can tell you is the lad is skilled, as good as you in your day, but he has thrice the attitude.”  Jace frowned in consternation as Hawk clarified, “you were cocky and sure of yourself, but you also listened to criticism and never made anyone feel like they were inferior to you, regardless of native talent.  Griff makes sure everyone knows exactly where they stand in relation to himself, and he is in nowise gentle whilst he goes about it.”
Jace grinned, “and now?”
Hawk’s smile was patient, but the corners of his mouth twitched, betraying his amusement, “you know very well what came of the matter in your own case,” he sobered significantly, “imagine what may happen in Griff’s.”
Jace shuddered, “perhaps he will listen to reason before anything dreadful need happen to open his eyes?”  He frowned, “is the Master so insistent with everyone who ignores or refuses Him?”
Hawk shook his head, “I think He is particularly forceful with those He has called and gifted for a certain purpose, which they refuse to acknowledge, preferring to glory in their native talents and think it all their own doing.”
Jace nodded wryly, “sounds familiar.  I wonder if Griff is more sensible than I was in his position?”
Hawk shook his head, “he makes you look malleable and humble by comparison.”
Jace sighed heavily, “then I certainly have my work cut out for me.”  He grinned eagerly, “though it shall be interesting to relive my glory days with a competitor of equal talent!”  He flashed an amused smile at Hawk in farewell, “go easy upon me, I’m barely out of my apprenticeship you know.”
Hawk laughed and said, “then you should at least be the equal of any of these neophyte Students.”
Jace smiled warmly as he walked off, “not with so talented a teacher, I think.”

The hall was dark and silent as he returned to his quarters, but Griff was not asleep, rather he lurked in the dark room like a spider in the corner, biding its time until its prey should happen by.  Said he with a hiss, “first day in Astoria and already defying curfew?  Are you so bold or merely ignorant?”
Jace shrugged, “I had a matter I wished to discuss with someone and took the opportunity to do so.  What business is it of yours?”
Griff stood and fumbled about, trying to light a candle, “I pride myself on adhering to the rules and on my personal conduct; my roommate will do the same.”
Jace said in wonder, “then how do you explain your behavior to your so-called superiors?  You can be quite insolent in your dealings with them.”
Griff said harshly, “I adhere to the minutest details of decorum, I may walk a fine line at times, which may appear insolent, but I never cross the line into intentional offense.”
Jace shook his head in incredulity, “I was speaking with the swordmaster, though I was out past curfew, it is permissible as long as I was with one of the Brethren.”
Griff smiled slightly, “I see you are not immune to nuance yourself, very well, perhaps I misjudged you.”  He sighed, “it is not easy being so skilled, staying atop the treacherous pinnacle that is the social apex amongst the Students.  It is quite a lonely venture.”  His countenance and voice darkened, “neither will I suffer a rival.”
Jace raised his hands placatingly, “I have no wish to displace you or even to find an agreeable social position amongst the Students; you need count me as neither rival nor foe.”
The truth was palpable in Jace’s voice and Griff said with a frown, “with such purported skill, you could go far!  Why not exploit it for all it is worth?  What is the point of life if not to find what pleasure and glory in it one may?  Is that not the birthright of every man?”
“A very poor birthright,” said Jace quietly, “for only one may be atop the heap at a given moment and what if he is thrown down, never more to rise?  Is his life then over?  My skills, whatever they be, were gifted me for a reason and I will use them to fulfill that purpose, therein only is found true contentment and fulfillment, all else is merely chasing the wind.”  He asked quizzically, “are you happy with your lot, content with your ephemeral glory?”
Griff snarled, “what business is that of yours?  I might ask what business you had with our esteemed swordmaster?”
Jace smiled enigmatically and said, “then I fear we are at an impasse, but my question was more rhetorical than curious, for your own benefit rather than mine.”  
Griff snarled silently and snuffed the candle, letting the darkness and silence hide him from the troubling apparition but it could do naught to hide him from the uneasy thoughts the boy had inspired.  He was nearly as bad as one of the Brethren in his ability to turn your well concealed thoughts and perfectly crafted excuses on their head and upset the very ballast of one’s soul.  He did not like it in the least.

Morning found a very tired and uneasy Griff, having slept very little that night yet neither had he found solace for his tumultuous thoughts while his roommate seemed perfectly at ease with himself and all the world, scowled he, “how is it you can destroy a man’s peace of mind and yet sleep so innocently yourself?”
Jace grinned, “if I can that easily unsettle your thoughts, you must be off kilter indeed, for I said nothing accusatory, incendiary, or cruel.”  Griff gaped, did this insolent boy have an easy answer for everything?  Jace’s open grin seemed answer enough, continued he, “would you care to join me for breakfast?”
Griff sighed heavily but decided to make at least a public show of decency, if only to keep the other Students in the dark as to the unsettling effect his companion had upon him.  He nodded and they went down to breakfast, both appearing as if all were well with the world, but only Jace was truly at ease with himself and reality.  He knew what it had cost himself personally to reach such a state of mind and prayed fervently that his companion need not face a similar fate, but all rested upon Griff’s choices in that regard and nothing Jace said or did could alter that, save perhaps to waken him to the reality of the matter and urge him to choose wisely, think deeply, and humble himself before he was forcibly humbled.  Not that the Lady’s friendly warning had helped him in his own turn.  As they finished their silent meal, Griff said quietly, “today is the Free Day, I’d like to show you something.”  Jace nodded and they set off, Griff almost eager in whatever it was he intended.
They saddled a pair of horses and headed out of the city, Jace’s heart leapt and then fell as Griff turned his horse in a particular, fateful direction once the city lay behind them.  But he reminded himself that he was not Griff nor Griff himself, their stories might be similar but each was unique.  Almost every student in Astoria must find that awful gorge fascinating at one time or another, though it played a vital part in Jace’s story did not mean it would play anything but a minor role in Griff’s.  They trotted out to the gorge, left the horses tied on the edge of the forest, and spent the day exploring the rim of the precipice, Griff trying to interrogate his companion and impress him all at the same time.
As the sun reached its midday peak, they carefully crawled out upon an ancient tree trunk that spanned the gorge to eat their lunch.  As Griff stared into the chasm that gaped hungrily beneath them, he said thoughtfully, “there is an old story concerning this particular gorge and probably this very log.”  Jace gave him a curious look, as he continued, “they say I am the most talented individual to enter Astoria in eighty years, before me there was a lad, almost as skilled, with a future all laid out for him.  He was set to marry a princess and his future seemed bright when tragedy struck.  He fell from this very spot, but somehow survived the fall and even made a full recovery, but he must have struck his head for he claimed to have seen visions of the so-called Master and was never again the same.  Tragically he lost his bride, his future, everything, and was forced to take up with the Brethren to avoid poverty and infamy, but he seems to have been completely lost to history, for shortly after that he disappeared entirely.”
Jace was silent for a long moment, both amused and appalled at this telling of his own tale, then asked, “you do not think the boy’s visions could have been real?”
Griff stared at him aghast, “you do not believe in the so-called Master do you?”
Jace smiled, “I must admit that I do.”
Griff shook his head grimly, “and here I thought you were sensible!  Last night you proved yourself adept with a blade, today you have proven you can ride a horse and that you even have a passable mind, but I am reconsidering the latter after such a revelation.”
Jace laughed, “and yet you are content to learn from those who are equally superstitious?”
Griff snarled, “if there were anywhere else to learn, trust me, I would be the first in line, but despite their myths, the Brethren still offer the greatest educational opportunity in the world!”  He said sourly, “you shall fit right in.”  He raised an eyebrow and said snidely, “when will you be taking your Oath?”
Jace shook his head, smiling sheepishly, “I shall never take the Oath.”
Griff frowned, “why ever not?  You have the myths and the skills to excel in such a circus!”
Jace shook his head, “I cannot discuss the details, but it shall never be.”
Griff grinned openly, “the Lady will be even more incensed at you than she was at me, at least I can plead indifference of belief but you have no excuse at all!”
Jace asked in surprise, “the Lady has already broached the subject with you?”
Griff smiled proudly, “why wouldn’t she?  Who would want to see such a great man slip through her fingers?”
Jace shook his head grimly, “the lad in your tale, he is the current Lady’s twin brother.”  He said in a barely audible whisper, “and had a similar interview with the then Lady shortly before disaster struck.”
Griff snorted incredulously, “you aren’t trying to tell me this is a bad omen or something are you?  No such disaster would ever convince me to change my mind, in fact it would pretty much assure I’d remain a skeptic until my dying day.  Who would choose to follow such a vengeful god?
“It isn’t vengeance,” said Jace quietly, “the Master counts your soul more valuable even than His own life, having shed His very blood to ransom it.  He will do what He must to waken us from our vain and empty lives that we might step into that which He has called us.”
Griff stared at Jace in horror, “you sound like one of them, is that it?  You are really one of the Brethren in disguise, come to corrupt me with your false pretenses?”
Jace raised his hands, “I told you truly, I have never taken the Oath nor shall I.  I can say it no more plainly than that.”
Griff scoffed, “say what you like, you sound just like one of them.”  Said he grumpily, “a pity, I was actually starting to like you, or at least respect you a little bit.  Now all hope of that is forever lost.  You had best go.”  Jace opened his mouth to protest, but he knew it would do no good so turned away and silently retreated, leaving Griff to his own uneasy thoughts, wondering what the boy would choose.  He could feel the Master’s call upon the boy, call for what, he did not know, but he knew the boy had a destiny, if only he would seek it.


6

Jace returned to their room, wondering if his roommate would try and evict him upon his return, but he did not return until late that night, said he upon his arrival, “we need to settle this.  Now.”
Jace rose silently and followed his companion once more to the practice yard, where a full moon hung heavy and low, as if waiting for something to happen.  There was light enough by which to see and the shadows were a perfect accompaniment to Griff’s mood.  They chose swords, this time the real thing, and faced off.  Said Jace quietly, “we need not do this!”
Griff said gruffly, “perhaps you needn’t but I certainly do, if only to prove myself the superior.  We’ll just cross blades for a bit, work off some steam, that sort of thing, nothing dangerous about that is there?  At least not to those as skilled as we.”  Then he lunged.  Jace saw the blade coming, but when he tried to react, he felt as if he were moving through thick mud; his blade came up to block, but so slowly that his companion had pierced him through and withdrawn the weapon in horror before Jace was even halfway to parrying the stroke.  Jace collapsed with a groan, the sword clattered to the ground, and Griff fled in horror and fear at what he had done.  The moment Griff vanished from sight, Jace was on his feet, again in guise as himself, and giving chase.  An astonished shadow ghosted silently after.  
Jace found the lad standing perilously on the very log from which he had plummeted nigh on a century ago.  Griff flinched, nearly falling in his surprise, to see that someone had pursued him; he perched there precariously, seemingly ready either to defend himself or jump to his death.  Jace held up his hands and called aloud, “easy lad, the boy lives.”
Griff stared, “it was an accident, but I know I killed him!”
Jace took a step forward and the boy stepped back a pace, said Jace, “easy, this place is dangerous!”
Griff snarled, “I know the tale.”
Jace said wryly, “I lived the tale.”
Griff gaped, “but you vanished!”
Jace grinned, “and recently returned, now come down and we’ll talk.”
“No,” said the impudent boy, “you come to me.”
Jace shrugged and climbed up onto the log, said he as he approached, “it was an accident, the lad should recover, and you have nothing to fear.”
Griff shivered, “I have everything to fear, I am being pursued!”
Jace stood a pace from the boy and said, “are you so sure you want to run?”
Griff frowned, “how can I not?”
Jace said ruefully, “I once thought that way as well.”
Griff scowled, “and then you had a nightmare, big deal!”
Shaking his head, Jace replied, “nay lad, it was more real than waking life, even my sister thought as you.”
“The current Lady of Astoria!” said Griff in wonder.
Jace grinned, “the same, come lad, you are not the only one who has felt that particular Hound hard upon his heels.  But the only place to avoid Him utterly is Nowhere you’d want to be.”  He shuddered, “I spent a moment there and it seemed an eternity.”
“No!” cried the boy in dismay as he rushed at Jace, knocking him off balance and plunging him into the depths below.  Griff barely registered what had happened before fleeing into the night.  He did not hear the gasp of horror from a hidden throat as the man vanished into the chasm.

Scamp stood in the night dark clearing, a dying man at his feet; he knelt beside the mangled Brother and asked, “what happened?”
The man gasped out, “not quite sure...a shadowy villain crept into the camp as we slept, my unicorn made to intercede and was killed outright, which seemed to please the villain no end.  Next thing I know there’s a great shriek, more eagle than lion, and then there’s a griffin in the camp!  You can see what he did to me and I think he took my apprentice.”  Scamp gaped but could say nothing in his horror before the man continued, “the thing talks!  Save the lad...if you can...”  He exhaled with a groan and said no more.
Scamp stood slowly, shaking his head and fighting back the tears.  He could not do it!  He glanced down at the mangled form and almost envied the man, knowing he was well and truly beyond all this horror, blood, and death.  His memory flashed back to his time with Hawk before the boy had been called into the Shadow, the horror that had wrung his heart when he thought him dead at the hands of just such a villain, and the night the boy had struck out blindly in a shadow-induced nightmare and thought himself guilty of a sin akin to patricide!  Now another innocent youth was imperiled, yet Scamp could not bring himself to follow in pursuit.  He was tired, so dreadfully tired, of blood and death, horror and darkness; he could go on no longer.
He knelt in the center of the clearing, buried his swordpoint in the earth, and knelt with his head resting upon the hilt, praying quietly, “my Lord, I can go on no longer; tell me what I must do!”
There came a brilliant flash and Jace stood blinking in astonishment in the midst of the clearing, having just fallen off a certain log into a looming gorge in a distant forest.  He saw Scamp kneeling over his sword and knew immediately what the man intended, even if he had never seen it before.  Said he quietly, “you will Go?”
Scamp looked up, his eyes both sad and joyous, “aye lad, I weary of death and sorrow.  Tell the others farewell, especially Hawk.”  He smiled proudly, “he will do well.”  Finished he, glancing at the dead man, “there’s apparently a griffin on the loose, he took the man’s apprentice and the creature apparently talks!”
Jace shuddered in horror, nodded in farewell, and then the light consumed everything.  When he could see once more, Scamp and the dead Brother were gone, but an anxious unicorn stood off to one side of the clearing, he whickered hopefully at Jace as the light receded and suddenly he knew what he must do.  He called the creature over, mounted, and asked him to find his missing master, which he did with all eagerness.  The boy was yet alive, though in the clutches of an unthinkable monster, and thankfully not very far away.  
An hour of climbing in the rocky hill country brought them to the mouth of a cave wherein the unicorn said his master and the beast were secreted.  Jace dismounted and bid the creature watch from a safe distance, as he drew his sword and entered the cave.  A horrid screech, part outraged cat and part eagle’s shriek, rent the air and set Jace’s ears ringing in the enclosed space.  He saw the griffin near the back, seeing easily in the pitch dark of the cavern, crouched over the trembling apprentice.  Said Jace with quiet menace, “let the boy go, fiend, you have far more terrible things to worry about.”
The furry fiend scoffed, “like what, you?”
Jace set himself and hefted his sword, “precisely.”
The griffin yawned, stretched, and turned from his intended prey, “you are either a fool or far too bold for sanity.  Either way, I shall happily rid the world of you.  Why do you not tremble at the thought of a griffin, let alone one with a sapient mind?”
Jace shrugged, “I have faced the wrath of dragons, what have I to fear from a feathered cat?”
The creature smirked, “are you not even curious as to how it is I came to possess a mind of my own?”
Jace raised his sword, prepared to strike, “not in the least, you obviously used some sort of blood magic, trading the life of a unicorn to power whatever appalling wonder you have wrought, rent one of my comrades asunder, and made off with his apprentice.  I do not wish to hear further details.  I will strike true, have you a wish to repent ere all is finished?”
Scoffed the beast, “repent!  Of what?  You will be the one repenting of your folly soon enough.”  He smiled wickedly, “have at me then, let us see if you can overcome the griffin!”
Jace raised his sword and charged the monster, he felt beak and claws tearing into his vulnerable flesh even as his sword made contact with the beast, the light stirred within him, illuminating Jace, sword, and fiend.  The griffin shrieked in pain and horror as the light consumed it utterly, never having imagined a foe like this.  Jace dropped his sword and slumped to the floor of the cave, for a moment overwhelmed but fully healed by the power that had poured out of him into the monstrosity.  The cowering apprentice in the corner studied his savior with wide eyes, perhaps more terrified by the means of his rescue than by the beast.
At last Jace rolled to his knees and eyed the boy keenly, “ready to be gone from this place?”
The lad nodded eagerly but eyed Jace nervously, asking, “what happened, with the light and the monster?  Is my mentor truly dead?”
Jace nodded sadly, “he lived just long enough to tell the tale; I rode your unicorn in swift pursuit.  Are you injured?”
The boy shook his head, “just a few scratches and overwrought with grief and horror.”
Jace continued, “you have had a trying day, and I doubt it has even fully sunk in yet.  As to what you saw, just know the Master still works miracles.”
Said the boy stonily, “why couldn’t He save my mentor?”
Jace shook his head sadly, “it was not that He could not, but rather He did not.  I can offer no reasons or excuses on His behalf, for who are we to question His will?  His ways are not our ways neither are His thoughts our thoughts.  We must either learn to trust Him in all things or go our own way.  It is not wrong to question but we must not despair.  I shall send you back to Astoria, you will need time to recover from this tragedy.”
The boy sighed, “I am not up for such a ride.”
Jace smiled enigmatically, “who said anything about riding?  Call your mount.”
The creature was eagerly reunited with his master and nuzzled Jace gratefully.  The apprentice mounted and Jace touched the unicorn firmly on the shoulder; all three vanished in a blinding flash.

Jace found himself at the bottom of the chasm only a moment after he had vanished mid-fall, happy not to have endured the hard landing once more.  He immediately began the long climb out of the gorge, glad of his uncanny strength, speed, and endurance.  His unicorn met him at the top and they hastened back to the city with all speed, knowing they must arrive before Griff, who would undoubtedly be looking for a wounded but living Ace.  They did not hear the quiet gasp of astonishment as he emerged from the gorge, mounted, and rode off as if the tragedy had never been.
Caire drew out of the shadows, wondering if he were dreaming; he had heard strange rumors from his homeland and had seen too many uncanny things this night for it to be a mere nightmare.  He had seen a man change his face, a mortally wounded boy recover instantly, and a man crawl unscathed out of the abyss.  He would get to the bottom of this, one way or another.  Suddenly a great glowing form loomed out of the night before him and drove him to his knees, trembling in awe and terror, as a great unicorn towered above him.
Said He quietly, “child, you have seen things this night that must remain hidden.  These things are at My behest, but they must not be broached abroad.  Have I your word that you will not look further into this matter or speak of it to anyone?”
The boy blanched, knowing there was nothing he dared deny his Maker but also knowing he yearned above all else to look deeper into this mystery.”
He heard a slight smile in his Master’s voice, “this matter will trouble you deeply no doubt, curiosity is both one of humanity’s greatest strengths and simultaneously a trying weakness, yet I will give you the strength to bear this as all else.  Have I your word?”
The boy quavered, “yes.”  He looked up into those fathomless eyes for one glorious moment and knew he had answered correctly, such was his Master’s joy, and then He was gone.  Caire shakily rose to his feet, summoned his unicorn, and raced back to Astoria, hoping he had the sense and strength to abide by his promise.  He returned in time to see Jace exchange a few quiet words with Jared, who looked a little saddened but not surprised by revelations pertaining to Scamp, and then watched the man dash off in the direction of the practice yard.  His own return was not so easy.  
The servant eyed him sternly and asked, “what is an apprentice doing abroad at this hour?”
The boy studied his feet, “I saw something strange in the weapons yard, that and the rumors I have heard from home quite disconcerted me.  I should not have followed but I did.  The Master Himself has bidden me not to speak on this matter.”
Jared snorted a laugh, “well, if that be the case, I need reprimand you no further.  Go to bed lad and sleep well.”  Asked he with a frown, “what were these rumors you heard?”
Caire said in consternation, “that I had been kidnapped by one great lord only to be waylaid and murdered by another, but then another tale tells that the surviving great lord claimed to have had me quietly murdered upon my return to Umboria.  It is all quite troubling.”
Jared shook his head amusedly, “nay lad, resign it all to the bin of things not to be talked of or thought upon, it will greatly spare your sanity and aid in upholding your vow.  Thinking too much upon it will only lead to disaster.”
The boy sighed heavily but nodded, “I think you have the right of it, I shall retire now and hopefully dream of things quite dull.”

No sooner had Caire vanished than Griff approached, his horse frothed with sweat and blowing hard, having been ridden quite sorely as the lad tried to vent some of his confusion and frustration.  He was near to panic as he stood at the gate, waiting to be let in.  Jared took one look at the beast and was about to scold him, but a frantic light in the boy’s eyes stayed his tongue.  Said he quietly, “you had best get to bed lad.”
The boy stared at him in astonishment, knowing he should have been scolded for both the state of his horse and the hour, but he accepted this bit of grace without a word, returned the horse to his stall, and crept around towards the practice yard.  He found Ace sitting against the wall, slumped upon one of the benches that lined the perimeter, injured but apparently not mortally so.  Said Griff in relief and confusion, “I was sure I had struck you a mortal blow!”
Ace looked up dully, weariness and pain in his eyes, said he, his voice clipped and breathless, “I little know, save that I live still.  Help me to bed.”
Griff stiffened, “you dare command me?”
Ace frowned, “is it too much to ask of the man who has wounded me thus?”
Griff snarled, “it is your own fault!  If you could block better or had not baited me into fighting, this would not have happened; I’m just lucky you aren’t dead, imagine the repercussions then!”
Ace said quietly, “what of the man that followed you in your flight?”
Griff paled, remembering suddenly what had actually happened to that particular fellow, but then shouted, “have him help you to bed, you insolent leech!”  He turned on his heel and stormed away as Ace slumped once more against the wall.
“You certainly have a way with people,” said Hawk with a wry grin as he stepped out of the shadows.
Jace straightened from his slump, his side aching like fire but grateful that Hawk had been there to make the wound look authentic, said he gravely, “I fear the lad is in worse straits after my efforts this night.”
Hawk nodded, “but through no fault of yours.  We can only do our duty, it is for others to make their own decisions, for good or for ill.”
Said Jace quietly, “Scamp has Gone, he told me to tell you goodbye.”
Hawk smiled sadly, “I will miss him but I cannot say I am surprised.  Having me as an apprentice, an uninitiated apprentice, was hard on him.  He was never quite the same afterwards.  Was there a boy involved?”
“Exactly,” said Jace somberly, “a griffin, a talking griffin, had taken an apprentice captive after killing the lad’s mentor and the man’s unicorn.”
Hawk shook his head in wonder, “what will these blood magicians dabble in next?”
Jace shuddered, “I am afraid to ask.”  Then he grinned, “want to help a poor invalid to bed?”
As Hawk helped Jace to his feet, he asked, “who will replace Scamp?  We are certainly acquiring a fine collection of youngsters in this profession.”
Jared stepped out of the shadows, his two comrades relaxing as they saw who it was, said he, “you forget that some of us have been at this for a very long time and thus are far more prone to retirement than you heady young adventure seekers.  The Master will reveal Scamp’s successor in due time.”  He eyed Jace significantly, “perhaps your current charge?”
Jace shook his head, “not without a radical change of heart.  It will take more than falling off a log to convince him of his wrongheadedness.”  He smiled wryly, “he even managed to kill two people accidently this night without pausing to contemplate the moral reality of the situation but rather was only concerned with the potential consequences to himself.”
Jared shook his head grimly, “this does not bode well for the lad.”
Hawk said in wonder, “I heard him berating Jace for asking for help in getting back to their room, blaming him for his injuries and refusing to help him even so!”
Jared whistled quietly, “do what you can lad, but I fear there is not much to be done.”  His brow furrowed, “you were followed.”  Jace blinked in astonishment as Jared continued, “that former prince, Caire, had heard some disturbing rumors pertaining to his apparent fate in his homeland and also saw what happened in the practice yard, then followed you out to wherever you went following Griff.  The Master Himself bid the lad not to speak of the matter or to look further into it, to which he agreed but he is a curious one and will no doubt wrestle with it all his life.”
Jace grinned, “much like the former Lady.”
Jared shook his head, “but he won’t have even a smidgeon of the knowledge she possessed; it will be very hard on the lad I fear.”
They nodded their agreement and Jared took over for Hawk in escorting Jace to bed, it being a task far more suited to a servant than to the swordmaster, who should not even be awake at that hour.  Jared knocked quietly on the appropriate door but there came no answer, so he pushed it open and laid the injured Student on the bed.  Griff apparently was asleep in the other bed, for he neither moved nor spoke, as Jared settled Ace in his own bed and then retreated from the room.
Said the still form in the other bed, “so you found someone to help you then?  You could not make it back on your own?  Some hero you will make!”
Jace barked a laugh but hissed in pain, wishing that he had not, “who said I will ever be a hero?  What about you?”
Griff said darkly, “who wants to be a hero?  To die before time in some quest soon to be forgotten by all and sundry, if it is ever widely known in the first place?  I will live to please myself and no other.  If all men are doomed to be forgotten, at least I can enjoy life in the interim.  Save me your protestations of what comes after this life, little enough do I care to know.”  He growled, “perhaps you would have done the world a favor by going forth to find out, instead you will lie on that bed like an invalid for days on end until you either have the decency to die of your wounds or get over them.”
“How can you be so heartless?” gasped Jace, suddenly feeling dizzy and rather short of breath, “perhaps you will get your wish sooner than you think.”  He lay back, panting.
Griff sat up with a frown, “what are you muttering incoherently about?”
Said Jace grimly, “something is wrong, my condition is worsening by the moment.”
“Do not be ridiculous,” snarled Griff.
Said Jace through gritted teeth, “did you really mean what you said about the world being better off without me?”
“What does it matter?” snapped Griff.
Jace groaned, “I may very soon either prove or refute your point.”
Griff grew slightly nervous, but was still rather annoyed, “quit goofing around, this is not funny.”  Just then he looked up and saw Caire standing in the doorway, horror written on his face.  Barked Griff, “have you ever heard of knocking?”
The apprentice frowned, “you two are loud enough to keep the entire hall awake, some of the Students you wakened came to me and asked me to investigate.”  He eyed Jace warily, recognizing him as the miraculously recovered Student who was now inexplicably wounded again, wondering if he could fulfill his duties as an apprentice while still keeping his promise to the Master.  Said he quietly, “please keep it down or I will inform one of the Brethren.”
Griff mocked, “by all means, highness!”
Caire eyed Jace curiously but asked only, “might I be of any assistance?”
Jace shifted uneasily but said, “no, I doubt there is anything to be done.”
Caire said skeptically, a slight knowing smile threatening to break forth, “we shall see, shan’t we?”
Griff snarled, “out!”  Caire gave them both a proper bow and vanished from the room.
Griff turned back to his annoying and overly dramatic roommate, only to find him dead.  He silently studied the limp form with its glazing eyes, feeling neither panic nor horror, simply a vague curiosity.  So this was death.  He had never had much experience with the concept, at least on a personal level, not even with an animal.  Gone was the initial terror that had assaulted him the moment he thought the boy fatally struck; he had had time to grow used to the idea, thus seeing it at last fulfilled no longer terrified him, rather it intrigued him in a way he found a little disturbing.  He felt no pity or remorse, the pathetic creature could hardly be counted as human, at least as one worth worrying about; in Griff’s estimation, he was about the only person on the planet that really mattered.
He thought back to the unfortunate accident at the gorge and wondered what the Lady would think when she discovered the ironic end her brother had found.  He was disappointed he wouldn’t be there to see it, but he certainly couldn’t remain in Astoria after this.  One accident might be explained away, but two in one night?  At last fear stirred in his heart, but it was only for his own fate that he fretted, not for either of the lives he had had a part in cutting short.  He smiled ironically down at his dead roommate and said, “have you figured out what lies beyond all this then?”  There came no answer and Griff scoffed, “that’s what I thought.”  He gathered up a few necessary items and quietly left the room.


7

Caire did not return to his room as he probably should have, something held him in the hall, some inexplicable sense of things about to happen; he knew his curiosity was getting the better of him and prayed desperately for the strength to resist it and return to his chamber, but he found himself crouching in the shadows a few doors down, watching Griff’s door intently.  He heard someone moving about and some muffled words, then the door opened slowly, a figure emerged and fled silently down the hall.  Intrigued, Caire waited until the fugitive had disappeared around the corner and then entered the room.  He was not surprised to find the strange Student dead in his bed; he smiled eagerly, wondering if the enigmatic figure would soon rouse again from the grave.  But he lay there as still and silent as death, much to Caire’s disappointment.
His more sensible side suddenly reminded him of a certain promise he had given to One he dared not defy; he shivered in dread, offered up a chagrined prayer for forgiveness, and turned to go, but froze in terror to find the door blocked by a man in the uniform of the Brethren.  The stranger’s eyes quickly scanned the room, taking in the unmoving form in the bed and the anxious apprentice wishing that the floor might open up and swallow him.
Adan stepped fully into the room, closing the door behind him.  He found a candle and lit it, silently studying the awkward apprentice further as he did so.  Setting the candle down, he sat in the room’s sole chair, met Caire’s discomfited gaze, and said with a grim smile, “do you mind telling me what is going on around here?”
Horrified, Caire glanced about desperately, looking for some escape or hiding place, but there was nowhere to go, nothing to do, but confess.  Adan took pity on him and motioned towards the empty bed, that he might sit and speak as a confidant, rather than as a condemned man before the magistrate.  With a sigh of relief and a grateful glance, Caire sat and began his strange tale, “it has been a most unusual day.  Word came from Umboria that the Prince had been murdered upon the orders of a certain great lord, but a terrified soldier also arrived at the gates this morning claiming that his master, another great lord of Umboria, had had the same Prince killed, which is quite odd, as I am, or rather was, the only Prince of Umboria.
How is it that two different people can think that they have had me killed when I have not left the castle during the whole fiasco?”  He turned grim eyes to the silent figure in the other bed, “but that is not the strangest thing I have seen this day.”  He paused, wondering if he could proceed, knowing protocol demanded that he obey this man, but also knowing if he violated his vow, it might have dire consequences.  Said he quietly, “I do not know how much more I can tell, the Master Himself has bound me to secrecy upon this matter.”
Adan raised an eyebrow, “bound you to secrecy and also forbid you from looking deeper into the matter.  How is it you are here when you should not be?”
Caire looked at him with wide eyes, “you know?!”
Adan smiled slightly, “let us just say I am in on the secret, you may tell me all you have seen with no fear of breaking your promise.”  He grew grave, “but what of your presence here?”
Caire hung his head, “I initially came to this room at the behest of some of the Students who had been wakened by a ruckus in this chamber.  I entered to find one of the boys wounded and abed and the other antagonizing him.  I cautioned them about the noise and then withdrew, but something kept me from returning to my own chambers.  A few minutes later the door opened and the second boy fled, so I decided to look further into the matter.  And so did you find me.”
Adan shook his head, “what is it that restrained you from going back to bed?  Your own curiosity or something else?”
The boy frowned, “I am not sure.  I was certainly curious, but I don’t think that was the reason I lingered.”  He sighed heavily, “I cannot keep this up.  I will have to resign from the Brethren and withdraw to some distant corner of the world and live a hermit, else I will further betray my vow.”
Adan said wryly, “it is a heavy secret to keep lad, especially when you have no idea what it is you are protecting, but I do not think you must act as rashly as all that.”  His smile deepened in remembrance, “I was once an inadvertent witness to a rather distressing act that was not at all what it appeared to be; I completely understand your predicament.”  He said quietly, “I do not think it a coincidence that you have seen and heard all that you have.”  He stood and approached the corpse on the bed, smiling grimly over his shoulder at Caire, he said, “and I doubt this will surprise you in the least.”  He placed a firm hand on Jace’s chest and wakened him from his lapse into death.
Jace gasped back to life, smiled up joyously into the face of his friend, and was suddenly on his feet, greeting his long sundered companion.  Only then did he realize they were not alone.  He exchanged a puzzled look with Adan, “how much does he know?”
Adan smiled wryly, “only enough to cause him trouble but not enough to put his mind at ease.  Remind you of anything?”  They shared a reminiscent smile and then Adan said solemnly to Caire, “you have a decision to make.”  There came a flash of light and two ancient tomes appeared suddenly in his hands, “take these books back to your chambers, study them well, and think upon the implications to your own life.”  Caire’s brow furrowed in consternation and Adan said quietly, “they will explain much, but not all.”  The boy nodded slowly, took the books, made the appropriate bows, and fled the room.
Jace raised an eyebrow, “him?  I was sure the Master was calling my gifted but egotistical roommate into the Shadow.”
Adan smiled ironically, “perhaps, but it sounds to me as if he has answered with a resounding no.  Was it not he that slew you?”
Jace laughed, “technically it was Hawk this time, but he did accidentally kill me twice prior to that.”
Adan gaped, “twice?  When?”
Jace snorted, “earlier this evening, it has been an eventful night.”  He frowned, “what has come of him?”
Adan shook his head, “the apprentice said he fled shortly after you expired.”
“This cannot be good,” said Jace, as a feeling of unease suddenly grew in his heart, “not good at all.”  He dashed from the room.
Adan followed, “where are you going?”
Jace said worriedly, “to find our initiate!”  Adan groaned as understanding dawned but did not slacken his pace.

Caire returned to his quarters, his mind reeling with wonder and dread, eager to delve into the books and the mysteries they contained.  What was this strange conspiracy even the Master Himself seemed intent on hiding?  What did it have to do with him?  He darted into his darkened chamber and shut the door behind him.  He lit a candle and gasped, for the sudden light revealed a grimly smiling Griff sitting on the bed, smirked he, “it is about time you got here.  I hate waiting, what kept you?”
It took Caire a moment to realize he outranked this impertinent Student and that the boy was sitting in his chambers far past curfew and had been involved in several questionable incidents of late.  Drawing himself up, Caire said, “you are the one who should be explaining things, not me.”
Griff’s smile became malice itself, “oh, I think not.  You are privy to things I would rather not have widely known, that and I’ve suddenly taken an interest in those books you carry.”
Caire glanced down at his burden, suddenly nervous in the presence of this threatening individual who did not seem to know his place, said he quietly, “I am afraid you won’t be allowed to look at them.”
Griff snorted, a knife suddenly in his hand, “oh, come now!  Either way you end up dead and I get the books so you might as well make it as easy upon yourself as you can.”
Caire reached desperately for the doorknob behind him, but his hand met thin air; he glanced back in a panic to discover that the knob had inexplicably vanished.  A chill wind gusted through the chamber and plunged them both into darkness, as a horrid voice scoffed, “don’t kill him,” there was a dreadful pause and the voice said in anticipation, “yet.”
The next moment the door flew open, but the chamber was empty as Adan and Jace arrived too late.  They exchanged a grim look and immediately hastened to the courtyard where their unicorns waited eagerly with Caire’s distraught mount, who could only sense cold and darkness and evil when he tried to touch his master’s mind.  Hawk joined them briefly in the dull grey light of predawn, said he worriedly as they mounted, exchanging a significant look with Jace, “he’s at his most vulnerable right now, this is when the Enemy will try to corrupt or destroy him before he sees another recruited into the Shadow.  May the Master ride with you, my friends!”  He slapped Jace’s unicorn on the rump as they galloped out of the courtyard, watching silently as they were swallowed up by the misty streets, praying that they would be in time, and that the lad’s trial would not be as horrific as his own had been.

There was darkness, hoarse laughter like wind moaning in an empty tomb, bitter cold, and a pall of palpable evil all about him; this was the only reality Caire knew, had ever known.  It was the price for breaking his vow, for betraying his promise, this eternal banishment to the Abyss.  He shook himself, moaned in agony, and there came a lessening of the darkness about him.  The mocking laughter fled, the cold receded, and the shroud of malice lifted.  He sat up slowly, blinking in disbelief at the miraculous commonality of the night dark wood about him.  He found his hands and feet cruelly bound, but he was able to shift into a sitting position, leaning against a tree for support, as he studied his situation.
Griff looked up from where he sat on a stump across the clearing, a mocking smile on his face, “awake are you?  It is about time!  But it gave me all day to read your precious books.”  He laughed scornfully, “you haven’t even had a chance to read them, have you?  Interesting stuff, that!  And to think I once laughed at the very idea, but I think it is my destiny, my very purpose for being.”
Caire said quietly, not knowing from whence the words came, “it was your calling, but you have rejected it.  Another has been called in your stead.”
“What?  You!” laughed Griff all the more, “you might be a fair hand with a sword but you are nothing compared to me!  Your precious Master would be a fool to choose you over me.”
Caire shook his head vehemently, “it is not a matter of skill but of heart.  You have rejected the Master and thus His calling on your life.  Your skills will come to naught.”
Griff shrugged, “or so you think, the Master is not the only one with power.  How do you think we got out of Astoria?  I need only choose whom to serve: myself or something greater.”  He mused ironically, “I never believed there could be anything greater than myself, but I’m happy to be wrong.”  He snarled at the disbelieving Caire, “and I certainly want no part in your pathetic conception of the so-called Master.  His so-called Enemy is far more interesting, not to mention powerful.  All he wants is a little blood, which is where you come in.”  His smile turned cruel, “of course you have the chance to recant of all your foolishness and seek the true power behind the worlds.”
Caire gaped at him in astonishment and outrage; Griff smiled condescendingly and said, “I thought as much.”  He frowned thoughtfully at his captive, “you don’t even know what it is you are missing out on, do you?”  Caire shook his head as Griff’s frown deepened, “that really takes all the fun out of it.”  With a sigh, he hefted one of the books in one hand and a knife in the other, “here,” said he, cutting the ropes binding Caire’s wrists and placing the book in his lap, “learn what it is that you will be deprived of.”
Caire frowned, “what are you doing?”
Griff laughed harshly, “I want to wring as much despair out of your soul ere you die as I can.  There is nothing like showing someone what their future might have been had they lived to see it, to thrust them into the depths of despair.  Read on and then I’ll kill you.”
Caire shook his head, “I’ll gladly read, but never shall I despair.  I am in the Master’s keeping and have nothing to fear, in life or death, whatever your fell master promises or threatens.”  Griff shrugged as if it were no concern of his and settled back on his stump while Caire strained his eyes, trying to read in the wan light of the moon.  What he read thrilled his heart and he silently prayed that it might yet somehow come to pass.

Adan and Jace drew rein just outside the clearing in which Caire’s unicorn said his master lay as dawn crept into the woods a full day after they had left Astoria.  The unicorn said that the darkness had lifted and that his master, though a little afraid, was growing more eager and resolute by the hour, over what the creature could not say, but his would-be rescuers found this an encouraging sign.  The pair exchanged a nod and then vanished from sight, one circling to left and the other going right.
“It is time,” said Griff, eyeing the rising day uneasily.  He had drifted off to sleep unintentionally and knew he should have been well on his way already, the fell deed over and done hours ago.  Caire looked up with red, bleary eyes from his book, knowing the moment had come, moment for what he did not know, but something was imminent, whether it was his death or something greater, it was about to be revealed.
Jace revealed himself on the far side of the clearing not far from Griff, who gaped at the apparition that suddenly appeared out of thin air, recognizing him as the Brother that had so recently fallen to his death.  Griff stuttered, reaching for his sword in terror, “I did not think the Brethren believed in ghosts!”
Jace snorted, “who said anything about ghosts?  Release your captive and repent of your evil.”
Griff scowled, his sword in hand, “let us rather see if your skills are as great as they were purported to be.  The winner may decide what comes of the captive.”  He frowned in understanding, “those stories, you are one of them, a Shadow!”
It was Jace’s turn to start, “you could read The Legends?!”
Adan appeared suddenly at Caire’s side, easily freeing the boy from his bonds, said he grimly, “the boy was Called, thus the books would reveal themselves to him, even though he Refused.”
Griff snarled, “you can’t just steal my hostage!”
Adan grinned, “who will stop me?”
The clearing grew dark, as if a sudden storm had blown in and covered the new risen sun, as a great raven landed in a nearby tree and laughed harshly, “I will, you fool!”
Adan exchanged a horrified look with Jace before grabbing Caire by the shoulders and driving him to his knees, said he in a desperate whisper, “it is now or never lad, there is only One that can protect us from such a Fiend.”  Caire’s eyes were wide with terror but he nodded eagerly.  Adan gave him an impish smile and released his firm hold on the awful light that composed his being.  The light blazed forth in all its dreadful glory, the pure and unfettered power of He who had wrought the stars, instantly burning everyone and everything in that clearing to nothingness.
The Fiend could not abide that light and fled forthwith while the three Brethren and the unicorns were suddenly flung into the Master’s presence, all but Caire finding themselves instantly in the waking world once more.  As for Griff, all his renowned skill and confidence could not save him from that awful light, or even from death, which is the eventual lot of all mortal men; neither could his new master spare him from the Abyss, for all of his boasting of power unimaginable and life unending were nothing but empty promises.
Jace exchanged a wondering look with Adan, neither ever tiring of even the briefest glimpse of their Master’s presence.  After a long, joyous silence, Jace said with a grin, “that is one way to end an argument!”
Adan laughed, “you are the one who could barely control himself at the first; you shouldn’t be lecturing me about control.”
Jace chuckled, “who was lecturing you?  That was quite impressive actually!  If only I had thought of that when I encountered the Enemy on that fateful ride back to Astoria.”
“You might have blinded him for a moment,” said Adan thoughtfully, “but an apprentice of the Shadow has no such ability, it is too dangerous to be left in the hands of one not fully bound to the Shadow.”
Jace nodded, “you are right,” and added with a smile, “I would have only annoyed him further.  A pity, it might have spared Jared’s life.”  They shared a merry laugh at the memory but sobered as they remembered Griff’s grim fate.
Adan shook his head, “he refused, even at the last.”
Jace nodded sadly, “it is ever our choice to do so.”

As they mounted for the long ride back to Astoria, Jace asked rakishly, “so how are we going to explain this to my sister?”
Adan smiled benignly, “explain what?  Caire should be back soon and Griff left of his own accord.  She need know no more than that, save that we shall be telling her with whom to apprentice the boy.”
Jace raised an eyebrow, “and who will that be?”
Adan shivered, “I am afraid it will be me.”
Jace grinned, “are you ready to be all grown up and responsible then?”
Adan snorted, “far more than you, at least I’ve had a few years of experience while you were on vacation.”
“You’ve always been and will always be the most responsible of the two of us,” said Jace half amused, half proud, “is that any surprise?  But it is strange that you’ve been at this far longer than I have yet I was recruited before you!”
Adan laughed, “at least you won’t be the least experienced amongst the Shadow any longer.”
“As long as I don’t have to impersonate a Student for a while, I will be well content,” said Jace.
“But you are the best suited to it,” said Adan with a grin, “and I fear it shall always be so.”
Jace said in faux gravity, “we shall see, dear friend, we shall see.”
“We shall indeed,” said Adan with a laugh, urging his mount to a faster pace, hoping to reach Astoria before Caire’s return.


8

The pair returned swiftly to Astoria and sought an audience with the Lady first thing the next morning, dragging Jared along in their wake, hoping their fearless Captain knew how to handle the Lady in such a circumstance.  She stared at them agape, a grievous occurrence which seemed to happen only in the presence of her brother, therefore she vowed to get him out of Astoria, and soon.  Said the Lady when she again found voice, “my most talented Student has run off, one of my best Messengers is never to be seen again, and my newest Apprentice has decided to join your merry circus?”  She stared at them all aghast, “I am of a mind to banish you all on general principle!”
Jared bowed deeply and said with a smile, “you would not be the first Lady of Astoria to contemplate such an option, my Lady.”
She slumped in her chair, “I suppose it would do no good?”
Jared’s smile deepened, “nay Lady, it would not; we would serve even so.”
Regaining her composure, she sighed, “I have no choice but to do as you ask?”
Jared shook his head, “you have a choice, but it would be quite unwise to do otherwise.”
“Very well,” said she, “when Caire returns, let him be Adan’s responsibility.  Now return to your duties, whatever they may be!”  They bowed deeply and left her presence but continued to trouble her thoughts for some time thereafter.

Jared said to his juniors once they were alone in the corridor, “that went quite well, actually.”
Jace gaped, “then how bad is it when things go poorly?”
Jared said somberly, “ugly indeed.  I must return to my post, farewell!”  He dashed off, leaving the pair to exchange a look of pure dread, hoping such a mission never fell to them.  Adan then led onwards to the library where they found a small nook in which to conceal themselves for some much needed catching up.  It was well after dark when they finally emerged, feeling encouraged and eager for their next adventure.
Adan said quietly, “I had best return to Caire’s quarters, he may return any moment.”
Jace grinned, “at least you won’t have to sneak him out of the dungeon.”
Adan laughed heartily, “why can you never do anything the easy way?”
Jace shrugged sheepishly, “if it were up to me, trust me, I would try!”
They parted then, Adan in search of his apprentice and Jace patiently awaiting the servant’s approach, having glimpsed the man at the far end of the hall.  Said the anxious man to Jace, “the Lady has an urgent mission for you sir, if you would follow me?”
Without a word they hastened to the Lady, who awaited them in her sitting room though she was making no use of its titular function, too anxious to sit at ease, she paced its length incessantly until Jace appeared.  He had hardly finished his bows before she burst out, “I have an impossible mission for you.  It involves a princess and a black dragon!  Only you can’t marry the princess if you are successful...”
Jace tried his best to calm his distraught sister, said he, “easy my Lady, whatever the quest, I shall accept it.  Tell me all you know and then you had better retire, for it has been a trying day.”
His unwanted concern roused her fury and suddenly she turned on him, much her old self again, snapped she, “never mind me!  Go save the girl!”  She thrust a letter into his hands and said, “that’s all I know, now go!”
He bowed, gave her an impish grin in farewell, and immediately set forth on a true storybook quest, knowing his sister would recover her composure, perhaps the sooner with him absent from the castle.  His smile deepened as he vanished into the night, traveling as easily as if it were midday.
A good King’s daughter, albeit her father’s fiefdom was smaller than the holdings of many a minor lord in other realms, had gone missing and soon thereafter came a challenge from a dreadful source.  She had read too many stories, being an only child, her father’s darling, and her mother having died when she was but a small child; she was left with her imagination, her books, and no supervision, a dangerous combination in a lass with an adventurous streak and none to advise or caution her, for her father indulged all her whims and encouraged anything he thought might make her happy.  Only too late did he realize the dire consequences that might result.  She had run off one night, eloping as she called it, but there was no gentleman involved; who need worry about the minor details when an adventure was in the making?  Besides, she was a Princess and undoubtedly she’d find her Prince in the Wilds somewhere, perhaps enchanted and in desperate need of a magic kiss.  Happily ever after was so close she could smell it.
But it was not happily ever after she smelled, though perhaps it was an adventure.  She had accidentally stumbled into the lair and clutches of a black dragon, the most dangerous, cunning, and evil creature to inhabit the known world.  He chained her up in the back of his cave, offered a challenge to all comers, and then fell promptly asleep while awaiting the arrival of the so-called heroes, but no heroes came, none were mad enough to face such a monster for so little gain.  They would think long and hard before riding to her rescue even were she the only daughter of the greatest King in the world, but the only daughter of a minor King?  Such paltry reward was not worth the risk of a long and terrible death at the hands of such a monster.  The King sent a rider immediately to Astoria, hoping the compassion of the Brethren might avail where avarice and foolhardiness would not.  His prayers were answered far sooner than he had ever hoped they might be.
Jace arrived as swiftly as only a Shadow could, traveling night and day with the unicorn’s uncanny speed, having no fear of physical barriers that might bar or delay their passage.  They seemed to know instinctively where the girl was being held and it was a small matter for Jace to ghost through the side of the cave, free the rather bored princess, and send her safely back to her father in a burst of inexplicable light, all without waking the beast that slumbered on unawares.
Jace frowned in consternation, wondering what should be done about the dragon.  He could easily kill the beast while it slept, but that was far from just, knowing only one side of the story as he did.  But neither could he simply walk away and let it prey upon other unwary folk.  So he did the only reasonable thing, if such can ever be called reasonable when a black dragon is involved: he approached the head and wakened the beast.  The creature snorted in disgust, snuffled its nose as if trying to catch some faint scent and seemed to be listening intently, but the eyes stared vacantly into the darkness; Jace was minded eerily of Brie after her misadventures in the dungeon.
Smoke spiraled from the monster’s nostrils as it growled, “who is there?  Reveal yourself!  Where is the Princess?”
Jace said in astonishment, “you are blind!”
The creature turned its great head immediately in the direction from whence the proclamation had come, its nose twitching like a rabbit’s trying to catch his scent.  Hissed the serpent, “why can I not smell you?  I know you took the princess, her scent has grown faint indeed, yet how is it you mask yours so well?”
Jace said evenly, “some secrets are not mine to reveal, but yes, the princess is gone, safely returned to her father.  Now what of you?  Why did you take the girl?  What would have come of her had no challengers come?  What are your future intentions towards mankind?”
The dragon hissed in annoyance, “I want to be left alone!  The pesky creature came snooping about while I was abroad, found her in the very back of the cave, I did, the impertinence!  I tried to shoo her away but she would not go, I had no choice but to chain her up, else I might have accidentally squashed her in my sleep.  She wrote the ransom demands herself, as obviously I can neither read nor write, and then sat there sulking as each day passed and no hero came to her rescue.”  He chuckled, “I must thank you for rescuing me from the girl!  I don’t know what would have come of the matter had no one answered the challenge.”  His unseeing eyes narrowed, “just between you and me, I wouldn’t recommend marrying the creature, she is still a bit...flighty, immature, and demanding, as it were.”
Jace smiled, “I have no intention of marrying anyone, least of all her.  All I knew was that a princess was imperiled by a dragon, I had no idea it was actually the other way around.”  Sobering he asked, “how long have you been blind?”
The creature shook his head, “since birth, my mother hid me and fed me when all my kin might well have made an end of me from the start, invalid that I was.  Eventually I learned to hunt and navigate by smell, touch, and sound, but it is no easy existence.  I would be an outcast among my people if ever I ventured into society, but my mother alone knows my secret and keeps it still.  It is a tedious life; I want to explore, to learn, to socialize, but alas, I can do little but eke out a living and hide from my kin.
Jace frowned, “you sound more a green dragon than a black!”
The dragon chuckled again, “you cannot judge a dragon by his hide lad, you must judge him by his heart, as you do all other folk.”  He said quietly, “I would appreciate if you kept this little secret just between ourselves.”
“What secret?” asked Jace with a broad smile, laying a hand upon the creature’s shoulder.
A flash of light passed between them and the dragon gasped, “what have you done?”  But the boy was gone.  The dragon blinked in wonder, glancing about in pure joy, but never did he know the face of the man who first gave him the chance to look upon the world, but ever after did he hold a special place for mankind in his heart, ever watchful of his kinfolk, interceding on the behalf of men when he could.  
The girl was unhappily reunited with her father, forced to contrive some other adventure for her own amusement, but the King had learned his lesson and was not long in finding ways to teach the girl a little sense, in possessing which, he hoped she might actually live happily ever after.

Jace found himself in a place of pure light, he knew it at once as a bubble of ephemeral reality created by the Master solely for a certain purpose and then it would evaporate like dew in the morning.  It was in one such bubble that he had found himself after events in the dungeon of Astoria, what seemed ages ago.  He was not surprised to find Caire in this one.  The boy smiled joyously in welcome but seemed rather sheepish, a little sad, and very eager all at once, said he in perplexity, “I do not know what to do!”
Jace glanced about for a moment as wonderful memories nearly overwhelmed his senses, he could certainly understand the boy’s dilemma.  His entire life had been one of repression and fear, and at last he had found something that was far beyond any mortal’s comprehension of love, peace, hope, and joy.  He felt it his duty to Return, yet having found such wonder at last, he was reluctant to abandon it for a life of toil, sorrow, loneliness, violence, and death.  
Jace said quietly, “I understand.  Do not let guilt or some perceived necessity of duty drive you to actions you will one day regret.  You have been Called, yes, but that also means you have a choice.  You can Go and none will think the worse of you.”  He smiled sadly, “though I had looked forward to knowing you more.”  He laughed heartily, “though I suppose I shall have all eternity to do just that after all is finished.”
Caire glanced about in wonder, “I never thought it would be this hard.  I thought I had made up my mind, but after experiencing this, I don’t think I can go back.”
A familiar voice chuckled, “this?  This is nothing lad, this is just an illusion, a dream as it were; far greater than this waits Beyond.  If you struggle in Returning after this, you had best Go.”
Jace exchanged greetings with Baye and then both turned to Caire, said he in astonishment, “there’s more!”  His elders laughed and smiled in amusement as Caire shook his head in disbelief, “it is all too wonderful!”  He frowned slightly but smiled heartily, “you two are doing a lousy job of convincing me to Return.”
Baye laughed, “it is not our job to convince you of anything, but rather to help you discern what it is your heart desires above all else.”
Caire nodded thoughtfully, “well, you have done just that, farewell my friends, until we meet again beyond Time.”  They exchanged a round of joyous smiles before the light intensified, washing over them like a river in flood, consuming and merging with all lesser watercourses in its path.
Jace felt himself awash in that wondrous light, fully content to remain so forever, but that was not to be.  He felt his Master’s presence before him and heard these words, “child, are you willing to die?”
Asked the boy, “have I not done so a hundred times already, my Lord?”
“No,” came the amused reply, “perhaps you have died physically times beyond count, but your mortal identity lives on.  You have not died to yourself, and thus are not yet fully Mine.  Will you be content to serve still when you have neither past nor future among mortal men?”
Jace felt a cold fist clench his heart, but he knew what his answer must be, “you have called me to abandon everything in Your service Lord, this is no different, though it shall perhaps be the greatest trial I have yet faced.”  Tears stung his eyes, “I will need Your strength to survive this, my Lord.”
Such a wave of Joy and Love washed over him, that Jace felt his being must burst with it, but the Voice sang out, “I am ever your strength and refuge child, remember that!”
The next moment all was light and chaos.


9

Jace lay in a tumbled heap, unsure which, if any, of the radiant appendages were his.  He could not help but laugh as Adan’s surprised and annoyed voice called out from somewhere beneath him, “Jace!  This is not funny.”
Suddenly the world shook, but it was no earthquake, merely Adan and Baye righting themselves, leaving Jace to crumple limply to the floor, where he lay for a moment, paralyzed with laughter.  The light dimmed as each mastered himself until only three ordinary seeming men stood in the tiny chamber.
Adan glanced about in dismay, “where is Caire, and what are you two reprobates doing here?”
Baye shook his head, “he has Gone.”
Adan was incredulous, “after all that?  The Lady will be furious!”
Jace said quietly, “perhaps murderous.”  The others gave him a curious look.
Baye asked, “what is it lad?”
Jace met his eyes, his gaze a mix of ruefulness, eagerness, and fear at what was to come.  Not fear of the actual events, but doubt as to his ability to handle the situation.
“Easy lad,” said Baye, a look of understanding in his eyes, “you’ve survived far worse.  This will only be the end of all you thought you were, not who you actually are, and it will allow you to become who the Master intends you to be.  You have not come so far only to fail at the last.”  He grinned, “besides, we already know who and what you are, even if you don’t know it yourself.  This is but the death of a mask, a phantom, of the pride and reputation you once knew in mortal life.”  He grew sober, “and you won’t face it alone.”  He smiled wryly, “I have lived well beyond my natural years and people might start to notice if I don’t drop dead soon.”
Adan nodded thoughtfully, “I had always wondered how we maintain our identities throughout the ages if we do not have a normal lifespan.  We must switch them out every so often to avoid notice, but in doing so we no longer have a past, at least among mortal men.”
“Exactly,” said Baye with a smile, “we’ll need your help in this little charade, I don’t think it will be a quiet matter as it usually is.”  He turned to Jace and smiled grimly, “I fear we are in the presence of a desperate and vengeful criminal.  It shall be our job to bring him to justice.”  Jace smiled in spite of himself, eager now to witness the spectacle that would attend his soon to be infamous demise.

The Lady stood in her main audience chamber, the Council of Six seated before her, wondering what to do.  The evidence against her brother was speculative at best, but there was so much of it that it did not bode well for the young Messenger; his relationship to the Lady also made them question her objectivity in this matter.  He was implicated in the disappearance of two Students and an Apprentice, and as the days passed and none of the three made an appearance, they began to fear the worst.  The only fact still in his favor was that he had not obviously broken Oath.  The Lady knew the mysterious underpinnings of some of the accusations but could not use such facts to speak in his defense, knowing herself forbidden from broaching the matter before the uninitiated.  Perhaps his comrades could shed sufficient light on the subject to at least appease the Council until matters could be settled quietly, rather than creating the scandal she felt brewing.
She turned to her advisors and said, “you are correct, the evidence is great indeed.  Let us call the witnesses to testify, and then upon further deliberation, we shall confront Jace himself.”
The witnesses were summarily summoned, standing before the Council to give their testimony of the night in question, the last anyone in Astoria had seen of Ace, Griff, and Caire.  The men warding the gate that night gave their testimony, verifying that Griff, Caire, and Jace had all been abroad that night.
Jared was called forth, as he had been the one to confront each as they returned to the keep.  Jared was grim as he stood before the Council, wondering how best to answer without betraying the Shadow, yet also sensing there was something far deeper at stake here than the boy’s reputation.  Said he at last, “there was apparently some altercation between Ace and Griff in the weapons yard, after which the latter fled the keep; Jace followed in close pursuit, and Caire crept after, apparently curious as to what was going on.  Jace returned first, followed by Caire, and then Griff, whose horse was spent and frothed with sweat.  I sent the two lads back to their rooms and later helped the injured Ace to bed.  I never saw any of the three lads in question again, but I heard rumors of an altercation or some such excitement between the three later that night and then come morning all three apparently vanished.”
“Thank you Jared,” said the Lady gravely, wondering how to extricate her brother when he was certainly involved in the matter, whatever it was.
Adan was then called to stand before the Council, a position he took with some awkwardness, still relatively young for one of the Brethren and far from experienced in standing before such an august body, especially to testify upon a matter of which he could not speak freely.
“Adan,” said the Lady gravely, “you appeared before me with Jared and Jace soon after the disappearance of the three in question.  What can you tell us of this matter?”
Adan offered the Lady and the Council the appropriate bows and began, “I returned to Astoria late upon the night in question and found myself in the wing of the castle containing the Student quarters.  I found Caire in the room that Griff and Ace once shared, Ace was dead in his bed, apparently of some grievous wound acquired from an altercation in the practice yard; Griff was gone.  The Apprentice said Griff had vacated the room shortly before he entered it, shortly after the death of Ace.  I was joined by Jace, and after speaking with the apprentice, we sent him back to his room, a decision we immediately regretted, as Griff was still unaccounted for.  We pursued the boy, but we found the room empty, the apprentice seemingly vanished without a trace.  We rode in pursuit, feeling the boy was in grave peril, but as we testified before you Lady, we returned empty handed.”
The Lady frowned, “where is Ace’s body?  What came of the others?”
Adan’s gaze dropped to the floor, “that I cannot say, my Lady.”
She pierced him with a furious gaze, “cannot or will not?  You do understand, that withholding testimony in this matter may result in your being accused as well?”
Adan met her gaze evenly, said he, “I understand Lady and will accept the consequences of my actions, but I can say no more upon the subject and beg that you press me no further.”
“Very well,” said she, “we shall let the matter rest at present, but I do not promise that you will not be called upon to testify again in this matter or spared the consequences of your refusal to testify should they be warranted.”
He bowed deeply, “I understand, my Lady.”
She dismissed the witnesses and then turned to the Council, “well?”
They shook their heads, even more perplexed than she, knowing nothing of the Shadow or its workings.  Said the Council’s spokesman at last, “let Jace be summoned to give an account of himself.  He was involved, there is no doubt as to that; the only question is, how?”

The Lady dispatched Baye to summon Jace, feeling that the company of his old friend and mentor, as well as one of his comrades in the Shadow, would be just the thing to fortify him for what was to come; hoping against hope that he could somehow vindicate them all.  This was not a matter she wanted all and sundry looking into too deeply.  Baye smiled grimly at the Lady’s request, knowing things would turn out far differently than any of them could imagine.  He bowed to the Lady and said, “I shall do as you ask Lady, but do not be surprised if things take a rather unexpected turn.”  He smiled eagerly, “do not mourn overly much either, it will be for the best.”  She gave him a perplexed frown but said nothing as he made his final bow and vanished from her presence to fetch Jace.
He found Jace waiting for him upon the great lawn, sword in hand.  There were a few others scattered about the sward, inadvertent witnesses to one of the greatest scandals to confront the Brethren in recorded history.  Baye said for all to hear, “you don’t need to go through with this lad, the Council simply wants to hear your testimony.”
Jace hefted his sword and set himself in a fighting stance, “I am sure they do, but I will not give them that privilege, not willingly, if I can help it.”
Baye said gravely, but had his own sword out and at the ready, “don’t do this lad!  There can be no turning back once you have begun.”
Jace smiled grimly, “that is why I must go through with it.”
He leapt upon his former mentor, sword flashing in the sun.  Jace had a natural talent and had been well trained, but Baye had always been a fair hand with a sword and had honed his skills to near perfection over the years.  Jace could hold his own against the man, but Baye should have eventually prevailed, had everything been equal, but things were far from what they seemed, thus it was that after a spectacular display of swordsmanship, the renowned Messenger lay gasping out his life on the sward while Jace crumpled to the ground, a ruined and aged husk of his former self.  Four horrified Warriors rushed in to disarm the boy, but instead found a wizened old man wheezing in triumph beside the fallen Messenger, Baye smiled grimly and gasped, “it was a good match, but I am afraid neither of us came out the victor...”  He trailed off as his eyes glazed in death.
Kent studied Jace’s handiwork for a moment and then said in grim disappointment, “you are summoned to stand before the Council.  Whatever the former charges were, there can be no doubt now.  Come!”
They lifted the now elderly Jace to his feet and very nearly carried the bent and withered old man into the presence of the Lady and the Council of Six, the former occupants of the lawn trailing in their wake as witnesses to the tragedy.  The Lady stared at her brother, disbelief and horror written in her eyes, but she managed to maintain a dispassionate sternness that impressed everyone, Jace not least of all.  She spoke, her voice as sharp, cold, and hard as the executioner’s axe, “there can be no defense this time Jace, you murdered your mentor before a dozen witnesses, not to mention breaking Oath!  Now tell us what happened to Ace, Griff, and Caire and what came of you during your eighty year absence.  Eighty years, Jace!”
He met her gaze evenly, trying desperately to neither laugh nor cry at the combined irony and tragedy of the situation.  Said he stonily, “they are dead and will never more walk the waking world; no more will I tell you of the tale or my part in it.  As to my own vanishment, I have already told you all I can.”
She asked harshly, “is that all?  Will you not repent of your evil or seek to mitigate the consequences by cooperating?”
He laughed hollowly, “what is there to mitigate?  Justice demands my head and justice must and will be satisfied.  As to your missing boys, they made their own choices and it is not my place to tell the tale, but I did have my part in their disappearance.”
“Very well,” said she, her voice like steel, “I hereby condemn you to death; to be carried out immediately.  Have you anything further to say?”
He smiled grimly, “let Adan and Hawk see to my remains, and those of Baye too.”
She said in horror, “you dare demand to be interred alongside the man you have brutally murdered?”
Jace snorted irreverently, “he would likely find the irony amusing, but do as you wish Lady.”
She turned her back on him and said coldly, “take him away!”
His escort bowed deeply to the Lady and the Six and then led him away.  She held her composure long enough to interview the remaining witnesses, to exchange closing remarks with the Six, and then see everyone safely out of the room, at which point she collapsed into a weeping heap, Baye’s strange last words ringing in the back of her mind in a mocking chorus.  How was she not to mourn after such a tragedy?  Her own brother!  Her most competent Messenger!  Betrayal of not only herself and all the Brethren, but of the Master Himself!  Her tears ceased and suddenly she frowned, or was it?

They marched him down to the dungeons, the halls and stairwells clogged with curious onlookers, who were both horrified and intrigued at both the betrayal and the sudden changes wrought in the onetime boy, as the once storied man was led to his ignominious end in the depths of the keep.  Jace shuddered in remembrance at the revulsion and contempt in his sister’s eyes as she condemned him to death and then coldly turned her back as he was led away.  He saw grim looks of surprise, horror, and amusement on the faces of those he passed.  But perhaps it was the grave disappointment in Kent’s demeanor that smote him most sore; the man had been a friend and a respected comrade, and now Jace would be nothing but a traitor forever after in his mind.  A magpie chirruped gaily on his shoulder, unseen by all others, “nay lad, only while this life lasts.  Eternity has a way of righting all wrongs.  Your supposed infamy shall survive a century or two perhaps, but then will be resigned to the old tales and eventually forgotten.”  The bird vanished and Jace smiled grimly as they led him through the final door into the cellblock.
At the far end lay another door, which Kent unlocked, and then the company descended a short flight of stairs.  At the bottom lay only a small open space with a tiled floor and a drain in the middle.  Jace was forced onto his knees, seemingly defiant to the last but it was more that his aged knees no longer bent as easily as they had only an hour before, and made to kneel with his head over a heavy wooden block.  Kent intoned sadly, “may the Master have mercy on your soul.”  The thwack of the ax echoed in the small chamber as justice was meted out upon the unrepentant traitor.  The body was wrapped in a shroud and carried out to the courtyard, where a wagon waited with another corpse awaiting burial.  The grim guards deposited their burden in the wagon bed and asked if they might be of further service.
Adan shook his head, “nay, we’ll see to the rest.  Thank you for your assistance.”  They exchanged grim nods with the former escort and drove the wagon out of the city.
Once they were free of the castle, Hawk commented, “I’ve never seen so many people packing the courtyard!”
Adan smiled slightly, though trying his best to look grim, “they wanted to stand witness that the execution had truly been carried out, that the Lady did not manage some trick at the last moment to spare her brother; though we know that is quite impossible, there are many who would not believe it so.  It was also quite a historic event and all wanted to say they were part of it; it is not often one of the Brethren will turn on another, especially a man he very nearly counted as a father.”
They lapsed into silence until they were well away from the city and found a quiet place in the woods where they might supposedly inter their friends.  The Lady had recanted at the last, allowing Jace’s final request, at least if Adan and Hawk were not appalled by the idea.  They concurred with its sensibility and readily accepted the grim duty, but they had no intention of burying the mortal remains of their comrades.  They set about the grisly task of unwrapping the bodies and sent a pulse of light into each still form.  Baye started awake while Jace’s severed head miraculously settled into its natural place as his advanced age vanished, the boy blinking in wonder.  He looked both sheepish and joyous as he exchanged greetings with his friends.
Jace snorted a laugh, “how does it feel to be the onetime friends of the greatest traitor in Astoria’s history?”
Baye grinned, “I wouldn’t know, I didn’t live to see the trial.”
Adan smiled, “it wasn’t much of a trial.  He pretty much ignored the Lady and died an unrepentant fiend, if an ancient one.  You really should have been a better role model and maybe this would not have happened.”
Baye shrugged, “he had his own choice in the matter.”
Their banter suddenly ceased as a silent figure approached, but they all drew a deep sigh of relief to see that it was Jared.  He smiled at their discomfiture and said, “why do you all look so nervous?  It is not as if you are refusing to properly bury a notorious scoundrel and his unfortunate victim.”
The unfortunate victim scowled slightly, “I fought quite valiantly, I thought.”
Jace grinned, “not quite valiantly enough.”  He sobered and asked Jared, “how go things with the Lady and with the populace of Astoria in general?”
“She hid it well during the proceedings, but I think this affair initially wounded your sister quite cruelly,” said Jared quietly, “but I saw her before I left and she seemed far more thoughtful than crushed.  Perhaps she suspects all is not as it seems?  As to the rest of Astoria, you have certainly made a name for yourself lad.”
Jace shook his head but smiled wryly, “if I can’t be famous, at least I’m infamous.”  He frowned, “now what?”
Jared nodded, “that is why I am come, two of you are dead to history yet must continue on in this peculiar service.  Baye didn’t have the decency to die of old age so had to be disposed of in another fashion while your former ego needed to die that you might fully live in our Master’s service, rather than remaining a slave of your past.  As none of you have ever had to die to mortal perception before, I will give you a few pointers.”

Later that evening, Hawk and Adan drove the wagon back to Astoria, never mentioning the supposed location of the graves, as was the custom amongst the Brethren.  Jared made his own surreptitious way back to the city after passing along some helpful advice, leaving only the ghosts of the past to return in their own time and manner.  Each chose a new face and a new name, guising themselves as young Messengers just returned from a tour of the Wilds.
Baye said with a chuckle as they rode back to the city, “it will be nice to be thought young again.”
Jace shook his head, “are you so sure?  Everyone will be questioning your wisdom and ability for the next hundred years or so.”
Baye frowned, scratching his chin thoughtfully, “I had forgotten about that, but no one will know us or remember us, so we likely won’t have too many in-depth chats with those outside the Shadow, unless it pertains to our mission of course.”
Jace smiled slightly, having lived in obscurity most of his life, he wondered what it would be like to return thence, but knew his Master would provide all he needed and more.  He urged his unicorn to a faster pace and eagerly returned to Astoria and his duty there.

The room was dark, only the bright stars outside the window disturbing the gloom.  Brie stood at the window, looking thoughtfully over the sleeping city.  She felt a presence beside her and turned without surprise to see her brother leaning on the windowsill beside her.  Said she with a smile, “that was quite a show this afternoon.  I assume Baye was in on the plot?”
He nodded and met her questioning gaze with his own grin, “the man had refused to lie down and die of old age so to avoid awkward questions, we found another way to go about it.  He’ll be by shortly, introducing you to his younger, less experienced self.”  He shifted slightly and his visage changed utterly, she gasped quietly, as he continued, “as will I.”  He left the window, bowed deeply, and said, “we are ever at your service, my Lady.”
She bowed her head in warm acceptance and then said with a laugh, “even when it seems you are not.  That is not how I would have chosen to get out of that particular predicament, but I must say, it was quite effective.”  She frowned then, “I know a little of what came of Caire and Griff, but what of this Ace, I never met him?”
Jace grinned, “oh, that was me.”
She shook her head and sighed, “I suppose I had best get used to this sort of thing then?”
His laugh was answer enough.


Excerpt from Book II of ‘In Shadow,’ series: To Shadow Bound:

The wagon lurched into motion, leaving a grim and horrified crowd in its wake.  Nothing like it had ever happened before in the history of Astoria and all hoped it would never happen again.  Kent watched the vehicle vanish into the city, bearing with it all sense of right and good to be buried in some unmarked grave, never to be remembered more, or so it felt, for how could the world go on after such inexplicable evil in the very heart of Astoria?  He had dedicated his life to order, honor, justice, and peace, yet two men he had once esteemed as the epitome of those very precepts now lay dead: one murdered and the other executed for the crime.  With a heavy heart he withdrew into the heart of the keep, praying desperately for some answer, to make some sense of the situation, but he fell asleep with no answers and no consolation to his grieving heart.
His dreams were dark and terrible, his deepest fears and griefs come to life.  He walked in a misty world of darkness with fear at his side, an unwelcome companion upon a road he did not wish to take.  Something howled in the darkness and answers came from every direction, grim eyes like embers glowed malevolently out of the night dark mist.  Kent shivered and reached for his sword, the cold familiar weight little comfort in his hand, for it was little defense against such foes and none at all against the Voices.
One hissed, “where is justice now?”
Another mocked, “you dedicated your life to this cause, is this what you wanted?”
“Where is your Master on this tragic day?” jeered yet another.
Laughed a fourth, “is this all there is?”
Kent dropped his sword and put his hands over his ears, trying to block out the taunting scorn in those hideous Voices, but they still echoed in his mind, driving him to his knees, tears of horror and dread in his eyes, praying that they could not possibly be right, but there came no answer, only the Voices.  They mocked and jeered at him, laughed in contempt at all he was and had ever done or hoped to do, slowly drawing closer, their eyes like furious stars in the shrouding mist.  He had no hope of survival, he knew that, they would taunt him, mock him, try and break him, and then they would devour him utterly, unless he despaired of all he had ever believed and joined ranks with them.  He was on his face, weeping like a forsaken child alone in the night, their taunts and mockery ringing true: where was the Master now?  Where was hope amid despair, life in the midst of death, light in the darkness?  It had been promised but it had not come; it would not come, laughed the fiends.
Suddenly the Voices began to whisper in agitation, a tremor ran through them like wind in the grass; their scorn was suddenly replaced by terror and they fled, not far, but Kent could no longer smell their fetid breath, like rotten carrion, cold upon his face.  He dared to look up, and for a moment a far different terror seized his heart, for another apparition stood before him, this one invoking dread of another kind.  Which fate was worse he could not then determine: to be set upon by the fiends and torn asunder or to forever wander the world, a ghost without rest or home.  For that is what stood before him, a ghost, in all its haunting splendor.  He saw a man, a man he once knew, a man he saw murdered that very day, but then again, he was not the man he had always known, for he glowed slightly with a light not of this world, and it was this that had caused the unease amongst the Voices and driven them for a moment from the immediate vicinity.
“Can you stand?” came the familiar voice, but Kent merely buried his face again in the muddy turf.  The voice came again, more insistent but also gently, as a mother caught in a tender moment with her little one, “you must stand or the fiends will soon be upon you.”
“He is ours!” wailed a Voice in the night.
Came another, “you cannot steal him thus!”
With a shiver of dread, Kent flew to his feet, recovering his sword as he did so, setting himself in a defensive stance with the ghost before him, but glancing nervously off into the night whither the Voices had fled.  Said he in terror, “you are dead Baye.”
Baye smiled easily at him, “perhaps.”
The sheer incongruity of that statement for a moment drove the fear from Kent’s mind as he frowned in consternation, “what does that mean?  Either you are or you aren’t, you can’t have it both ways!”
Baye grinned in amusement, “well then I am not dead, as you can obviously see.”
Kent stared, “I watched you die!”
“Yes,” said Baye, a slight smile on his face, “but it was not the first time nor will it be the last.”
Kent shook his head in confusion, “how can you be so relaxed about death in general and the scandalous manner of your own in particular?”
Baye grew grave, “is that what is bothering you?”
“Bothering me!” Kent keened, “it has almost been my undoing!  Do you know how the Voices have taunted and how my own uneasy heart has quailed in horror that they might be right?  Everything I once believed, all that I stood for, has come to naught!  To see two men I once respected meet such an end?”
Baye shook his head sadly, “I am sorry it has vexed you so, but I suppose that is part of the reason I am here.”  He glanced into the darkness significantly, “besides for the obvious problem of your fiendish companions of course.”  A mischievous look entered his eyes as his hand glowed so intensely that Kent was forced to look away or go blind, continued Baye as if nothing of interest were happening, “we’ll let the perpetrator of your disquiet speak for himself.”
There came a brilliant flash and when Kent could again see, Jace stood there looking rather perplexed.  He flashed the smugly grinning Baye a look of surprise, quickly assessed the situation, and then turned back to Baye with an impish grin, “what are we doing out here in the dark?  I thought you were trying to be more sensible on occasion.”
Baye grinned all the more, “Kent here is vastly troubled by the happenings of the day so I thought it appropriate if you explain matters to his satisfaction, and this is not one of those occasions.”
Jace gave him an annoyed frown, but turned troubled eyes upon the astonished Kent, “I am sorry matters have so unsettled you, but things are certainly not as they seem.”
Kent gaped, “that is an understatement!  You broke Oath!  You murdered your friend and mentor!  You were justly executed for your crimes, yet you stand here bantering as if nothing of consequence has happened!  I nearly lost faith because of you.”
Jace stared off into the darkness, “yes, they can have that effect on people, especially one who is afraid or uneasy in his heart.  You did well to resist them.”  He looked soberly at Kent, “has anything ever been ‘normal’ in your interactions with me?”
Kent smiled in spite of himself, “I cannot say yes to that and you know it.  From the moment of our first meeting, uncanniness has wrapped itself about you like a cloak!”
Jace nodded, “precisely, so it should not unsettle you much more to see the things you have seen this day.”  He turned amused eyes upon Baye, “Adan once saw this villain run me through the heart with his sword and then stand over my fallen form in gloating triumph, the very first day I was in his keeping in fact.”
Baye said patiently, “it was not in gloating triumph, I was just happy you had finally mastered the skill I was trying to teach you; I thought you would never learn and we might be thus engaged until the end of time!”
Jace grinned impishly but sobered as he faced Kent, “as you can see, there is far more to the matter than you can as of yet ascertain, but know that I committed no true evil or rendered any permanent harm, but rather we played out this little drama at the Master’s behest.”  He said quietly, “He said that my former self must die, and die it did, in flaming ignobility in fact and Baye was also of an age that he should no longer be walking the mortal earth as himself any longer.”
Kent shook his head, “I understand none of this.”
Baye grinned, “you are not supposed to, unless you want to be a part of our perplexing little conspiracy?”
Kent said with wide eyes, “I have no wish whatsoever!”  He smiled apologetically at Jace, “whatever it is that you have embroiled yourself in, I have no wish to partake.  I cherish order, predictability, and routine, not the chaos and disorder that seem to surround you and yours.”  He eyed Baye soberly, “you have my word that what I have seen shall never be broached to another.”  He smiled slightly he relief, “but at least you have managed to allay my worst fears and misgivings in regards to today’s events; the Master is fully in control of the situation and therein I shall be content.”  He glanced nervously off into the darkness, “what of them?”
Jace drew his sword and said grimly, “leave them to me, but if you wish no part in this, I suggest you run as fast and as far as you can in the opposite direction, throw yourself into the deepest ditch you can find and cover your eyes.”
Kent looked questioningly at Baye, who said, “this is no dream lad, the unmaking of these fiends may well loose powers no mortal flesh can withstand; you had best do as he says lest you find yourself unmade.”
Kent mouthed the word ‘unmade,’ in astonishment, but bowed deeply to them both and then fled with all haste.  Baye gave Jace, who now wore Kent’s likeness, a final salute before following after the fugitive to see that he got away safely; Jace dashed into the darkness, whence the Voices had fled.  They were upon him immediately, shadowy wolves with glowing eyes that stank of death and the grave.  They mocked and taunted, hissed and tempted, thirsting for his blood, willing or unwilling.  He said nothing but let them approach, daring them to do their worst.  Sensing they could extract no more terror or despair from this particular soul and knowing it would not willingly yield itself to them, they leapt upon it as one, only too late learning their fatal error, for this was not the soul they were sent to destroy, but rather it had been sent to unmake them.  As their teeth sank into the man’s vulnerable flesh, an awful light was loosed, obliterating them all.
Kent ran as fast and as far as he could, running blindly in the dark, before stumbling into a gully where he collapsed in exhaustion.  A moment later an awful light washed over the land, like a wave crashing upon the shore, and suddenly he knew it was over.  Baye stood at the top of the gully, and seeing Kent safe, vanished into the luminous tsunami.  Kent lay in the ditch, breathing hard but a relieved smile on his face.  As the wan light of dawn crept into the wash where he had sheltered, Kent at last crept from his refuge and began the long walk back to Astoria, grateful for the chance to think upon all that had happened of late, but happily at peace.

Baye and Jace stood alone in the clearing once more, said Jace, “why are we having such trouble of late recruiting someone into the Shadow?”
Baye shook his head, “you were the first initiate in two hundred years, Adan and Hawk joined us soon thereafter, which is unheard of in this profession.  Do not be surprised if it takes some little time to find someone else, for not all are as suited to this peculiar service as you and your companions.”
Jace nodded thoughtfully, gave his friend a hearty smile, and then each vanished about whatever errands this minor adventure had interrupted.  But the dell was not yet to be left to itself, for a great raven lingered in a dead oak, a shadow of evil muting the sunlight in that particular corner of creation.  He challenged the open air, “it is not fair!  You have so gifted your particular pets that I have no chance in opposing them!  Neither can their faithfulness be shaken, for you have blessed them too abundantly!  Let us see what happens when they are bereft of your favor and left to my mercies!”
A light too bright to look upon gleamed on the far side of the glade, resolving itself into a pert magpie, which was not fazed in the least by the presence of the vile raven, said He in disgust, “do as you wish, Fiend, but my servants shall find themselves blessed all the more for your meddling!”  He vanished in another flash of brilliant light, but it was a softer gleam that attracted the raven’s keen eye, for there in the grass something bright and metallic glinted in the sun.  The stygian bird fluttered down from his perch and cocked his head in eager study of a rather plain looking dagger; he took it up in his claws with a raucous cry of exultation and vanished into the shadows of the wood.




Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog





Sample Chapters from The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I

Prologue
Long ago, when the world was young and men still walked in innocence, an ancient king made an alliance with the terrible god of war.  In exchange for the life of his maiden daughter, he would receive power to conquer all the kingdoms of men and have dominion over all mortal lives.  The night was dark with neither star nor moon giving light or hope to those who gathered upon the face of that forbidden hill to commence with their evil deed.  The king had gathered all of his generals and advisors to stand as witnesses.  The girl was brought forward and the hood removed from her head.  A single tear rolled down her cheek as she stared with pleading eyes into the cold and remorseless depths of her father’s eyes.  She saw neither love nor regret there, only a thirst for power beyond the reach of mortal ken.  He drew forth a cruel knife from a sheath of black leather.  Very soon the alliance would be sealed and no power on earth could withstand him.  He approached the girl with a cruel and mirthless smile and raised the blade to strike.
He was thrown back from the girl and blinded by a cold light, and all standing around the pair fell to the ground in fear.  Like a bolt of lightning, a bright and terrible figure stood between the man and his prey.  The king regained his footing with a sneer and a triumphant laugh.  “You have no authority here,” he scoffed, “be gone before I become violent.”  
The light receded slightly and those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow.  The figure reared up on its hind legs and pawed the air.  He appeared in the form of a horse but with the awe reserved for a charging bull or roaring lion.  Then he spoke, “you must not do this terrible thing.  You will forever tear apart the laws that bind the world together.”  
“I will do as I please,” scowled the king, “and there is nothing you can do to stop me.”  
“If you are set upon this course I cannot stop you by force, but perhaps I can offer you an exchange,” said the figure.  
“What can you possibly offer me,” growled the king with the light of avarice in his eyes.
“The foul demon with whom you are dealing demands innocent blood for your vile contract, so be it!  Take mine instead of the girl’s,” said the mysterious figure.  
“Yours!” gasped the king, “but of what advantage is that to you?”  
“To ransom the life of this dear child shall be gain enough,” said the figure.  
“Very well,” said the king.  “I have a feeling my master will be quite pleased with the exchange.  What is one small child when the blood of his enemy is laid at his feet?  What are your terms?”  
“Give me one hour to bear this child to safety, then I will return hither and you may do as we have agreed,” said the figure.  
“How do I know you will not steal the child and disappear?” asked the king.  
“You know very well I do not lie,” roared the figure.  He swept the child onto his back and as the light disappeared over the rim of the hill called back, “in one hour I shall return.”

For a time the girl clung silently to the back of her rescuer but as the horror of what she had so nearly escaped sunk in she began to sob uncontrollably.  “Do not weep little one,” said the figure, “you are safe and all will be well.”  
“How can you say that?” sobbed the girl, “evil is about to be unleashed upon the earth and no one will be able to stop it.”  
“I can,” said he softly.  A sense of immense peace fell upon the girl and dried her tears.  Shortly, they approached a small cottage by the edge of a little stream that chattered invisibly in the night.  A woman emerged from the door and wrapped a blanket around the quivering form of the girl.  She bowed once to the retreating figure and took the child into the house.  The girl fell into bed and knew no more that night.  The woman stared into the darkness, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Within the hour agreed upon, the figure returned to that forsaken hilltop.  His light was dimmed to the slight flickering of a dying candle.  He stood before the men with a drooping head but a righteous fire blazed in his eyes.  The king laughed him to scorn, drew his blade, and approached the apparently cowed creature.  Steel flickered in the light as the blade struck home.  The light dimmed and went out.  As if from a vast distance, a great wailing cry rent the night, as if the earth itself had been mortally wounded by the blow.  A wind came howling out of the west and clouds blotted out the sky.  Darkness engulfed the world, lightning flashed in the heavens, and thunder rolled as if all creation reared up in fury at the atrocity that had occurred.  The hill itself began to roll like a wave on the sea and split in two.  The men were thrown from their feet and retreated in confusion and fear from the horror before them.  Their horses reared and snorted, broke loose, and disappeared into the storm.  
“What have you done!” roared one general over the wind.  “
I have loosed the wrath of the heavens,” screamed the king.  A panic spread among them and all fled into the darkness.

The next morning, the girl rode up the accursed hill hoping to find some trace of her rescuer.  She found the vile blade broken in two, but no sign of the mysterious glowing figure.  She dismounted and peered with dismay into the gaping chasm that had once been the heart of the hill.  “What is it you seek?” asked a voice behind her.  
With a shriek of pure joy she flung her arms around the figure that now stood at her shoulder, glowing like the sun.  “You are alive!” she said.  
“Yes,” said he simply.  
“But what of last night?” asked she, “I was sure you had been slain.  What of that horrible shriek and the dreadful darkness?”  
“My life cannot be taken against my will.  Before anything ever was and after all has passed into nothing, I was and ever will be.  I laid down my life not only for you, but for all things that would have been utterly destroyed by the acts of last night.  Your blood would have strengthened that foul demon beyond anything he has yet achieved.  My blood offered willing in exchange for another’s broke his power.  What began in selfishness and evil, ended in selflessness and love, which alone has power to conquer the darkness.  He has been vanquished but not destroyed.  He still lurks in the world, full of malice and hate and ready to assist any who give themselves over to a lust for power and destruction.  Until last night, mankind had lived in peace and harmony with one another and with all creation, but that peace has been shattered.  Man has shown himself vulnerable to evil, willing to place himself above all else, even his own children.  It is no longer safe to assume that all men are good in and of themselves.  Each individual must hereafter make a decision to follow what is right and good, or to follow his own selfish path into evil and darkness.  From the dawn of mankind, it was given into your hands to decide whether to pursue goodness or darkness.  A member of your race has chosen the ultimate evil and with his fall, all are now required to make a decision that once came naturally to all.” 
The girl fell sobbing at his feet, feeling in herself the dreadful truth she had just heard spoken.  It was as if something inside her had been torn or ripped away and she was left with a gaping hole, much like the defiled face of the hill.  Looking up into his eyes, she said, “I have lost something within myself.  I am no longer whole.  I have a longing, a desire for something.  Something, though I know not what.  Something greater than myself.”  
“Yes,” said he, “your whole race now shares that same longing.  And with what you fill that hole will determine the course of your life, and the lives of all those around you, from now and ever onwards.  Choose carefully.”  
“Can I choose you?” she asked hesitantly.  
A smile crept over his face and the whole hillside seemed to laugh with joy.  “Of course,” he said.  “After last night, the world is hurting and needs to be told these things which you have just heard.  I need someone to go forth and tell them.  Bring your horse forward.”  
The girl ran over to the horse which had strayed and was happily nibbling at weeds upon the far side of the hill.  She led the beast towards the figure.  The stallion pulled back against the reins and nearly reared, trying to avoid the glowing figure before him.  “Do not be afraid my simple beast,” said the figure, “from now and ever onwards, you and your descendants will no longer be considered simple.”  The figure turned his side towards the girl and for the first time she saw the gaping wound in his side.  From it dribbled a steady stream of silver blood.  She gasped in horror and drew back.  “Do not be afraid,” he said, “this is the price of last night’s adventure.  Though much was lost, much good also came of it.  Take a drop of my blood on your finger and place it on the horse’s tongue.”  Hesitantly the girl complied.  Almost reverently she poked a finger into the sliver stream and placed a drop of the precious fluid into the horse’s mouth.  
An indignant snort was followed by a blinding flash.  She no longer held a horse by the reins but a unicorn.  The sorrel coat had become white as the snow; wisdom and fire were in his once placid and simple eyes.  Cloven hooves of silver had replaced his single hooves of grey.  A silver horn protruded proudly from his forehead.  He shook his head in disgust a few times and looked with dismay at the girl and the glowing figure.  
“Remove his bit,” laughed the figure.  The girl complied and the unicorn seemed much happier.  “Now it is your turn,” said he.  The girl looked with shock and disgust at the gaping hole in the figure’s side and turned pleading eyes to his.  “If you really wish to serve me, you must taste of my blood,” he said, “by doing so you are binding yourself to me and my purposes.  You will gain much in wisdom and abilities but in doing so you are also swearing to serve me, even with the forfeit of your life be it necessary.  Do you wish to proceed?”  
She nodded and did as she was bidden.  She seemed to grow taller and a thirst for knowledge grew within her.  A deeper understanding of things once hidden to mortal mind blossomed in her heart.  She had changed as much as the horse.  
“Now,” said the figure,” I will tell you of things long hidden to the race of men, things vital to your quest.  The demon of war, to whom your father nearly sacrificed you, was once my greatest servant.  But he desired things beyond his grasp and made an attempt to supplant me as The Master of All.  He was banished from my presence and ever since has made war upon all that is good and wonderful.  He has claimed lordship over all creation and still yearns for the power he cannot have.  Until last night, he had made little progress in his war against me, but last night there came a breaking.  Men, who had once lived in peace, have heeded his call and some have broken away from me seeking the power promised by their new master.  Now all must decide whether to follow him or me.  None can sit this out.  By stepping aside, they are simply declaring themselves for him, if only by doing nothing.  This is war a war that has raged since before the world began, there can be no civilians.  He will devour everything if all stand aside and let him.  I will only do so much.  I am Master of all things, but I have given all sapient creatures a choice, and upon that freedom I will not trespass.  They must choose what is right or what is evil.  I will not infringe upon their decisions for good or ill.  If they choose the right, I can assist them, but if they choose the evil I can only stand aside and weep for their ill choices and dire fate.  That is why I could not interfere directly in the affairs of last night.   It is up to you, and those like you: my servants, to pursue evil in whatever form or guise it takes and do what you must to defeat it and to defend the innocent.  You must spread word of this through all lands and to all peoples.  It will not be easy and there will be great heartache along the way but you will never be alone; it must be done or evil will consume the world and all within it.  Last night a deadly blow was dealt to my enemy, but he is still lurking about and still very powerful.  In the end, he will be completely vanquished but until that final day, you are all that stands between the world and devastation.  A rent has been created in the hearts of men.  They will yearn for me and try to fill the gap with all sorts of vain things.  You must tell them the truth of what you have seen.  Last night, the innocence of man was lost, but by my blood it can be healed.”
The girl had been held spellbound by the tale.  The light around the figure dimmed a little, just enough so that she could make out his full form.  She had glimpsed a horse-like figure last night and this morning, but now saw him fully, as if a fog had lifted.  He was similar to the unicorn standing at her shoulder, but taller and more terrible; his horn and hooves were of gold and he glowed with the very light of the sun. 
“Your faithful steed will be the father of the race of mortal unicorns and you shall be the first among a great and future throng of my servants.  I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world but I will be found by those who seek me.  Go forth and teach what you have been taught, fight evil, and protect the innocent.”  With that he seemed to glow brighter and as the sun topped the head of the hill, vanished into the blinding rays.


Chapter 1

The rain-battered traveler approached the inn on a dark autumn night, a faint glimmer of firelight and the sounds of singing and murmured speech escaped through the open door.  A stable boy took the reins of the black mare and led her away into the darkened stable.  The man went into the inn, found a secluded corner, and sat down.  A serving girl brought him a mug of the local ale, a loaf of bread, and a bowl of indifferent stew.  He glanced around the room as he chewed thoughtfully.  A few of the locals were glancing his way hopefully.  A stranger always meant news, good or bad it was always welcomed in such a distant corner of the world.  He finished his meal and caught the eye of one of the more persistent glancers.  The man smiled and showed a mouth missing several teeth, but he seemed friendly enough.  He walked over and sat down next to the stranger.  
“What brings you to a place like this?” asked the local in a drawling slur.  
“Just passing through,” said the stranger.  
“You cannot pass through here to anywhere,” laughed the local, “this is as close as you can get to nowhere without falling off the end of the map.”  Several heads nodded assent to this obvious statement.  
“Let us just say I want to see the world and have an adventure or two before I grow too old and sensible to do aught except walk behind a plow,” answered the stranger.  Several heads smiled and bobbed with mirth; they had been young once it seemed.  The stranger then regaled them with enough news and rumors to satisfy their curiosity.  As the night wore on, even the most dedicated drunks gave up and went home, leaving the stranger alone in the common room.  The innkeeper offered to show his only guest to his room, but the stranger wanted to check on his horse first.  The innkeeper said they had as fine a stable as anyone could want, but he could do as he pleased.
In the stable, the man found the mare.  She seemed comfortable enough but he knew it was hardly fitting for her.  She snorted in exasperation but seemed to accept her current circumstances, if only because he thought she must.  “There, there, old girl,” he said smilingly, “we shall not be here long.  You have endured far worse and you know it.  Do the best you can and I will try to make it up to you.  If it is any consolation, my room is not much better than your stall.”  The mare made a noncommittal sound but seemed satisfied.  
“Why are you talking to your horse, sir?” asked the stable boy from the hayloft, “it is not as if she could understand you.  Sides, we got the best stable in these parts.”  
“I am sure you do,” laughed the man, thinking that they probably had the only stable in the area.  “We have traveled many long miles together and sometimes she is the only one I have to talk to for days on end.  You should be sleeping, and not eavesdropping on a poor, wandering man.”  
“Do not tell my boss!” declared the boy, “this is the only thing I have going for me.  If he hears about it, he will turn me out in the cold.”  
The man grew serious and took a closer look at the boy.  He must be around fifteen or sixteen but he was short and thin for his age.  Whatever the boy received in exchange for his services, he certainly was not well fed.  “Do not worry, I will not say anything to get you in trouble,” said the man.  The boy seemed to visibly relax.  “You do not have any family or friends you can go to?” asked the man.  
A look of dismay crossed the boy’s face.  “My ma tossed me out as soon as I turned sixteen.  Said I was old enough to fend for myself.  Not that I can blame her.  I got seven younger siblings she has got to feed.  I do not know who my dad is.  The innkeeper lets me sleep in the loft and eat any scraps from supper as long as I take care of the horses,” said the boy.  
The man’s heart was moved for the boy and before he knew what he was saying said, “I might have use for an errand boy.  How would you like to come with me?  I cannot pay much, but the rations would be better.  There are many nights when I must sleep rough, but it cannot be much worse than a hayloft.”  A grin split the boy’s face and he readily agreed.
The man returned to the inn and slept for what was left of the night.  As he settled his bill, he told the innkeeper he would be taking the boy with him.  The man shrugged his shoulders and grumbled under his breath about good help being hard to find, but said nothing anyone was meant to hear.  The man went to the stable to fetch his horse and found the boy waiting with a small sack slung over one shoulder and a large grin on his face.  The mare was saddled and ready to go.  
“First,” said the man, “we need to find you a pony and some proper clothes.”  They wandered off towards the village and found a scruffy looking pony that the owner was willing to part with for only a small fortune.  They also found a set of clothes that fit the boy much better than his current rags.  After acquiring a few more essentials, they set off.  The mare glanced distastefully back at the pony and the boy and gave the man a significant look.  He patted her neck in reassurance and she shook her head in exasperation.  The boy noticed none of this.  To him, the pony might as well have been a great charger and his new clothes a shining suit of armor.  He was off on an adventure and anything could happen.  The man wondered what on earth he was to do with his newly acquired companion.  The mare snorted, as if to say ‘I told you so.’
That night they camped in a small clearing alongside a stream.  The boy was exceedingly desperate to please and quickly went about setting up camp and even volunteered to try catching a few fish.  He was quite adept as a fisherman, and within an hour had several small trout roasting over a cheery fire.  During supper, the boy glanced around for the mare.  She was nowhere to be seen.  The pony grazed contently, hobbled nearby, but the horse was gone.  When questioned about it, the man said she came and went as she pleased and she would be back before dawn.  In the morning, they broke camp, and as predicted the mare was ready and waiting.  As they broke camp, the man handed the boy a bow and a collection of arrows that he had acquired on their trip to town.  The boy glanced at them with a mix of joy and trepidation.  The man said, “it might not be a bad idea if you learn the use of a bow as we travel.”  The boy smiled excitedly, though he had never shot at anything save the occasional rabbit.  As they traveled, the boy practiced his archery and proved to have a natural talent.  The terrain became steeper and the ground stonier as they headed north and east.  
Eventually they came to a small city and within stood a towering castle.  The town stood within a high, stonewall and though the gate stood open, guards carefully questioned those trying to enter.  Outside the walls, a veritable maze of houses, shops, and inns had grown up over the ensuing centuries.  Apparently the population had well outgrown the original confines of the city.  The man and boy approached the gate.  The guards glanced at the man, gave a questioning look at the boy, and then looked again at the man who nodded; they were allowed to pass without question.  The guards continued to question those who wanted to go in, but said nothing to the man.  The boy wondered at this.  They followed a street that climbed towards the castle.  Throughout the city people seemed happy and contentedly went about their work with a gaiety that puzzled the boy.  People seemed to simply enjoy the myriad mundanities of life and never once seemed to wonder what it was all about and why things were not better.  They approached the outer wall of the castle and found the gate heavily guarded.  The guards saluted the man as he rode past and glanced questioningly at the boy but let both pass unhindered.
Immediately inside the gate they entered a courtyard and the boy’s heart leapt into his throat.  There in full regalia, mounted upon a great horse, sat a Knight of the Order of the Unicorn.  He set his heels to his pony’s sides, pulled the small dagger from his belt, and with a cry of utter anguish charged at the mighty horse and the man who sat upon it.  The charger turned his shoulder towards the approaching pony and hardly seemed to notice as the poor beast bounced off the great shoulder.  The mounted man jumped down and in one smooth motion drew his sword and placed his foot upon the chest of the fallen boy.  As he drew back to lop the boy’s head off, steel met steel.  The stranger leapt into the fray and his sword now held the knight’s sword at bay.  
“You will not spill innocent blood in the heart of Astoria,” the stranger said quietly.  “Put up your blade!”  Noticing the guards approaching with bared steel the knight reluctantly complied.  “Boy! you will go with the guards and we will discuss this later,” said the man.  The boy meekly allowed the guards to lead him away but gave a final look of hatred to the man who had so recently tried to kill him.  
“The boy’s life belongs to me,” sneered the knight.  
“His life belongs to no man, but the Master,” said the stranger.  
“I claim it by right of the Order.  Any who lay hand to a member of my Order shall surely perish.  You are lucky I do not claim yours as well for hindering me,” scoffed the knight.  
“I do not know why he attacked you, but I shall find out and he will be dealt with according to our laws,” said the stranger, “you will not lay a hand on him and he will not bother you again.  See to your business and be gone.”  
“Your laws!” scoffed the knight,  “there are no laws, save those of the Order.  The laws of mere men such as yourself are nothing but guidelines to keep the peasants in line.  True justice is maintained only by the Order.  This is not finished.”  A servant appeared, bowed to the knight, and led him deeper into the castle.  
The stranger led the mare quietly to a corner of the courtyard where several servants stood waiting.  He removed her harness and baggage, handing them to the waiting servants while another opened a side door and she walked out onto a wide, grassy lawn.
He then made his way to the guardhouse near the gate where the boy sat weeping.  As the stranger approached, the boy tried to shrink into the wall against which he sat.  The guards left them alone and resumed their posts.  “Well?” asked the stranger.  
“He..he…he was one of that awful group of men…that…that…defiled my mother,” finished the boy.  “She was but a girl of sixteen and they came riding through the village and proclaimed that they were better than everybody and saw her alone in a meadow with her father’s sheep and…  Well she got pregnant and everybody said it was her own fault and she had me and no decent man would have her after that and she has got eight kids by as many men and none of them care,” the boy sobbed, “I was only trying to avenge my mum.”  
The man put an arm around the crying boy and drew him close.  “Do not worry, we will not let him hurt you, but revenge is not the same as justice.  If you wish to stay here, you must learn many things, including forgiveness.  Your family has suffered greatly under the injustice of the world, but that does not mean you may ‘avenge’ every grievance you have suffered.  You must learn that anger and hatred are not the appropriate way to deal with suffering and wrongs.  Forgiveness, mercy, and grace must be foremost in your mind and heart else you will be no different than he and the rest of his Order.  Justice has a place, but only after careful thought and contemplation, and it must never be carried out in hatred or anger.  Even justice must be done with love.  Love meaning you are doing what is best for every person involved, even if it hurts.  You must learn these things if you wish to stay here.  If you wish for revenge rather than justice, then you may take your pony and some provisions and ride to wherever your fate takes you, but you cannot remain here.”  
The boy sniffled a bit as he looked up into the gentle eyes of the stranger and said, “I never had a dad, but I hope he would have been like you.  I would like to stay if I can.  I do not rightly understand everything you have said but I would like to try and learn it, if I must.  I do not want to be like that man and his fellows.”  
“Good,” said the stranger, “then I shall take you to meet the Lady.”  They both stood and together walked into the courtyard where a servant waited patiently.  The servant led them deep into the castle and in a small inner chamber they found a very beautiful yet ancient woman.  They both bowed deeply and took seats facing her.  
“Welcome home Tristan,” she said.  “And welcome also young man, but I hope you will not attack anyone else within the walls of my keep,” she added with a smile.  The boy blushed crimson.  “You have been away a long time,” she continued, “I hope your journey has not been in vain.”  
“I have learned much, Lady,” he said, “though little to cheer the heart.”  
“And what of the boy?” she asked.  
“I am not sure exactly,” said the man, “I came across him at an inn some days ago and before I knew what I was saying had asked him to come with me.  As far as things go, he is as good as an orphan.  At worst, he is far better off here than where he was.  Perhaps there is more to it, but it will take greater minds than mine to see what.  It just felt right to bring him along.”  
“Very well,” said the Lady, “we shall see what becomes of him in the days to come.  Young man, as long as you are here, you will be expected to do as you are told and be respectful of all people, including apparent enemies.  You are expected to attend lessons on everything from proper grammar to learning the sword; you will be assigned a number of chores as well.  You will receive room, board, and a small allowance as long as you stay.  You may leave at any time, but if you misbehave and do not correct said behavior when called upon it you will be dismissed.  Will you stay or go?”  The boy stared at her for a few moments and then said he would happily stay, it sounded a much better arrangement than he could find elsewhere.  Especially the sword part.  The Lady smiled and clapped her hands.  A servant appeared and led the boy to the room that had been prepared for him.  She and Tristan talked long into the night about his journey and the evil tidings in the world.

“When shall I see this Lady of yours?” demanded the Knight.  
“You shall see her as soon as may be.  You did not send word that you were coming as common courtesy demands so you cannot expect to see her on such short notice.  Besides, she is currently occupied with an urgent matter of business,” said the patient servant to the man from the Order, “perhaps you would like to go to your room and freshen up or perhaps a bit of supper would please you while you wait?”  
The man scoffed at the servant and continued his pacing in the small parlor in which he found himself.  No other country or king would dare keep a member of the Order waiting!  He could not believe the effrontery of this small kingdom on the border of nowhere.  But the time was drawing near when the Order would hold sway over all the kingdoms within their reach.  This insignificant Burg and its impertinent Lady would soon feel the yoke of the Order and cower in fear at the merest hint of his wrath.  Neither could he believe the temerity of that scruffy stranger in staying his hand when that cur of a boy had dared attack him and justly deserved to have his head separated from his shoulders.  Where was the respect and welcome due a man of his standing within the Order?  His masters would hear of this and an example must be made that the fear of the Order might be maintained.  The servant drew up a chair and prepared for a long night of watching the man pace.
Some time in the small hours of the morning, the wearily pacing man was led into a small chamber in which sat a very old yet regal woman.  He had not meant to bow, but something in the sheer presence of the woman summoned respect he never meant to give.  He had meant to overpower her with awe and fear and scorn her with his wrath, but he felt like a small boy caught by his mother in some small act of disobedience.  The woman smiled as if she knew his mind and with a hand beckoned him to come forward.  
“Lady,” he began, “I have traveled over many leagues to this forsaken city of yours.  The Order of the Unicorn has mandated that every city, province, and kingdom must have a representative of the Order in place to settle minor disputes and to relieve the local authorities of the tedium of maintaining law and order.  Only the most important matters need be brought before the local authorities and by doing so, we wish only to serve the common good and those who serve justice and peace.”  
Instead of hearing him with reverent awe, his statement was greeted with laughter that was dangerously close to giggling.  “You have no idea who we are?” asked the Lady, “of old we have been the standard for law and justice and everything peaceful and true.  Are we completely forgotten?  Is even our legend a secret in these troubled times?”  
“I know,” said the man in consternation, “that you are a standoffish people and have never hailed king nor lord but have dwelt quietly in your little valley far away from the dwellings of other men.  Were you warlike you would soon enough have been dealt with by greater nations, but as you seek only your own ends and this outpost on the edge of forever is of no interest to anyone but yourselves you have been left largely in peace.  But the time is coming when no rogue state or city will be allowed to follow its own course.  All must unite and fight together the great evil that is brewing in the world.  You must unite with the rest of the world under the banner of the Unicorn or you will be cut off and destroyed.  We are your only chance of survival.”
The old woman seemed lost in thought, “it seems only a few short years ago that we were known in all lands as purveyors of knowledge, wisdom, and justice.  Now we must act in secrecy but our presence is no less vibrant in the world, though we have dwindled of late.  Our span of years is thrice that or more of other men, but can the years have so swiftly passed us by?  We have dwindled not only in number but also in memory and significance.  These are grave tidings indeed.  We are failing in our quest.  We must come out of the shadows and renew our efforts to reach the lost and hopeless!  A great evil you say?  Yes, a great evil indeed lurks out there, greater than even you can imagine.  But the evil I am most concerned with is our laxity of late.  We have fallen into myth and decay out of a fear for our own lives.  But no more!  We must break out of this coffin in which we have entombed ourselves, shake off the dust, and rock the foundations of the world once more!”  The man was thoroughly confused as to what the old woman was musing about, but apparently it had her greatly excited.  Perhaps she was senile.  She seemed to have forgotten he was even there.  “Angbar!” she cried as a servant shuffled in, “call a General Assembly immediately!  Everyone is to attend, even the newest recruit.  Rouse those lazy sluggards from their beds.  I do not care if it is not yet dawn.”  
“Yes Lady,” said the confused servant as he bowed and dashed out of the room.  
She then directed her hawk-like gaze at her guest and continued, “thank you young man for these tidings that have roused this slumbering old bear into action.  As for your offer of maintaining peace and justice within the bounds of my land, I thank you but we have been doing quite well without you for the last few millennia and I think will be doing quite well when your Order has passed out of memory.”  
“But,” started the man, “it is not a request or an offer.  It is a mandate by the High Council of the Order of the Unicorn.  You must!”  
“I must nothing!” laughed the old woman, “I doubt any of your high and mighty council has ever even glimpsed a unicorn.  Yet you have the audacity to order around a woman who has seen The Unicorn and received this position with His blessing.  Now off with you.  Go and tell all your masters how ill-used you have been.  Declare war on us if you will.  We have heard it all before and survived worse.  I have not time to deal with your self-important schemes.  I have a rabble to rouse!”  With a delighted laugh she sprang from her chair and skipped off like a girl.  A servant appeared and the dumbfounded man followed obediently, mounted his waiting horse, and rode off into the grey morning.


Chapter 2

Tristan had hardly had time to return to his chambers and clean up before the clang of the meeting bell summoned all of the Brethren to a General Assembly.  The Lady stood in the middle of the floor of the Great Hall, waiting for all to assemble and quiet to ensue.  Silence engulfed the room and the old woman began, “a member of the self-proclaimed Order of the Unicorn appeared before me today offering his protection from the coming evil.”  Laughter echoed through the Hall.  She continued, “of course I sent him packing, but the fact that he comes into the very heart of our land and has no idea who or what we are was worrying enough that I roused all of you from your beds and called this meeting.  Apparently, we are all but forgotten in the minds of other men, great or small!  What has happened to our mission?  We are afraid of what?  Death?  What hold has death on any of us?  It is an honor to die for the cause.  How many are dying because we are afraid to die?  I call upon each of you, from the least to the greatest, to put aside your fear and grasp firmly to our purpose and spread the Truth to all people and all lands.  Evil is rampant in the world.  Despair haunts the steps of the common people.  Power, corruption, and greed rule in all lands.  Justice and mercy are forgotten.  I command you to go forth boldly and proclaim the Truth, and if necessary die in the process.  ‘Tis better to die doing our duty than to be found safely hiding within these walls as the world perishes around us.  I do not mean to face the Master one day and have to explain to him why we have been caught sleeping.  We have each taken an Oath and now I am calling upon you to fulfill it.  Secrecy may be needed at times, but now is not the time.  Get out there and do your duty.  Quit hiding in the shadows and jumping at mice.  Go out and shake the foundations of the world as we were created to do.  And may the Master ride with you.”  With that, she withdrew and the crowd broke into an excited uproar.  

The Council of Six was shortly thereafter summoned to a meeting with the Lady.  As her closest advisors, she needed their insight into how to waken the sleeping giant.  “You heard my speech,” she stated dryly, “now what?”   
The Council consisted of two members of each major sect of the Brethren: the Warriors, the Philosophers, and the Teachers, and were accounted the wisest and most experienced of the Brethren.  They debated and discussed late into the morning and as the sun reached its noon peak, they emerged from the chamber tired but firm in their purpose and excited about their plans, as they had not been in years beyond memory.  Over the years, the Brethren had fallen into complacency, as had every other corner of civilization.  Hopefully, they had not been roused too late to face the utter darkness that again was threatening to consume the world.  It had been decided that the Teaching sect would ride forth immediately with as many as could be spared from teaching the students and apprentices, and word would be sent to those already in the field that the time for secrecy was over and they should speak wherever they found an audience or receptive ear.  Perhaps a message of hope in a world of despair would again reach the hearts of the masses as it had in the glory days of Astoria.  The Philosopher sect was to send its advisors to all known kings, princes, lords, generals, and leaders.  Those already placed were to come out of the shadows and openly advise the rulers of the dangers lurking ahead.  The Warrior sect was to openly pursue criminals within the bounds of kingdoms and principalities, as well as maintaining their defense of the Northern borders to keep evil things of the wild from wandering into civilized lands.  They were also to advise any ruler that requested it, in the defense of their country from external threats.  It was a call joyfully received and enacted by all, for this is what they had been born to do.

Amidst all this commotion the boy felt lost in the confusion.  Everyone seemed to be running around preparing for some great event or journey.  Horses were saddled.  Bags were packed.  Supplies were loaded.  Goodbyes were said.  The boy felt very small and alone amidst the chaos.  The frenzy continued well into the evening and the boy felt he had been completely forgotten when a firm hand gripped his shoulder and he looked hopefully up into the eyes of Tristan.  He smiled down at the boy and said, “you are not forgotten.”  
Together they walked into the dining hall for supper.  In the chaos of the day, almost a quarter of the population had left on one errand or another and another third was to leave on the morrow.  The boy asked what all the fuss was about and the man mentioned something about a stirred anthill.  The boy laughed and the man smiled.  After they had eaten, they retreated to the boy’s small room.  
“I have traveled abroad for almost a year,” said the man, “so I am allowed a brief rest before my next assignment.  But time grows short, evening is falling, and night comes.  A great darkness is lurking beyond sight or hearing but it hungers to plunge the world into utter desolation.  It was driven back once, long ago.  But its malevolence and strength have grown with the years and its time is drawing nigh.  We have ever been heralds of that darkness, trying to turn the hearts of men to justice and light, but over the years our power has waned and our messengers have gone unheeded.  What you saw today was the rousing of all our strength in one last, great push for Truth.  The time is coming when all mortal hearts must decide on whose side they stand.”  
“On whose side?” asked the boy.  
Continued the man, “on the side of darkness, evil, and the Enemy, or on the side of goodness, light, and the Master.”  
The boy looked askance at the man as if he were sitting with a grown man who truly believed in monsters under the bed.  All his life he had heard fairy tales about the Master of All and how he had driven away evil for a time and about the Brethren, men who rode unicorns and spread the Truth and fought evil.  But he had never seen anything to suggest that such tales could possibly be true.  The man looked down at the boy with a knowing light in his eyes.  He understood the boy’s doubts.
“You doubt there is any such thing as the Master or the Brethren I think,” said the man.  The boy looked at the man with awe, as if he could read minds.  “I thought that once too,” said the man.  “As a boy, my mother took ill and died and my father went mad with grief and took his own life.  I was left alone without friend, family, or protection in a dark and dangerous world.  If I had ever believed in the Master, I then decided that in a world of such pain and injustice there could be no being that is truly love incarnate.  I became a petty thief, stealing what I could just to survive.  One day I was caught and brought before a magistrate who sentenced me to a prison camp where I would spend the rest of my days quarrying stone.  But then a man seated next to the magistrate whispered in his ear.  The magistrate turned his gaze upon me and spoke, “this man will take full responsibility for you and spare you the horrors of the quarry, but you must go with him and do as you are told.  If you disobey or runaway, you will be tossed into the quarry and there will toil away the rest of your miserable life.”  I was taken from that place and brought here where I learned many things.  Including, that even in the midst of tragedy and horror, there is still goodness and love and mercy.  Evil happens not because the Master is not real or absent but because he has given men the choice of whether to do evil or good and there are those who choose evil.  Good survives and love exists because the Master is both.  Without him the world would quickly succumb to darkness.  The Master offers us the choice to escape from evil and to fight for good.  Here I learned that while tragedy and suffering happen to all, the Master gives us strength, patience, and hope to endure them and through suffering and trials we grow stronger and closer to him.  Here you will learn many useful things, even if you choose not to join us.  I will be checking in on you every now and then over the next few weeks, but soon I must leave on another journey and may not see you for some time.”
“But I am going with you,” said the boy.  
“I am sorry,” said the man, “but it is forbidden for any to travel with me on such a dangerous mission save another of the Brethren.  Tomorrow you may leave and go wherever it is you feel you must, or you can stay and learn for a time and eventually make a decision as to whether to take your Oath and join the Brethren or to leave at a time of your choosing.  A servant will wake you early tomorrow and at that time you must decide what to do.  Now goodnight and I will see you soon.”  He blew out the lamp and left the room.
The man checked in frequently with the boy who had decided to stay for at least a time.  He was learning much and quite enjoying himself, though some of the history and grammar were not as exciting as the swordplay and riding lessons.  He even enjoyed running errands and working in the kitchens or the gardens which were considered a vital part of his training.  The boy seemed to be thriving in his new surroundings and for the first time in a long time felt truly happy.  Tristan was quite busy in his own right.  He had many people with whom he needed to discuss a multitude of issues.  He had equipment to mend or replace, and he had some specific things he needed to learn quickly before his next mission.  The few weeks of his ‘respite’ passed very quickly, too quickly for his liking.  His next assignment was not one to which he was looking forward, but the Lady had bidden so he would fulfill his mission or die trying.  “I am off tomorrow Pallin,” he said to the boy, “I do not know how soon I shall be able to see you again, but I will write when I get the chance.  Which I guess will give you a good excuse to practice your reading.”  The boy did not know whether to laugh or cry and seemed to be doing a bit of both.  They embraced one last time and then the man walked off, a tall lonely figure retreating into the night towards an uncertain future.  
Early the next morning, Tristan climbed back into the saddle he had vacated far too short a time ago.  The mare frisked, eager to be on the road once more; she did not take kindly to a sedentary life.  The Lady stood at his stirrup and bid him farewell, “I know this is not something you like doing, but I think you are the best man for the job.  Take care of yourself and let me know if you learn anything that may be of use.  May the Master ride with you!”  With that, she slapped the mare on the rump and the pair galloped off into the darkness.
Galloping in the dark before dawn is a good way to get oneself killed, so he quickly reined in the mare though she slowed only reluctantly and gave him a resentful look over her shoulder as they continued at a fast walk.  To be on the road again did hold some excitement for him as well as for the mare, but his destination was far from pleasing.  He hated the uncertainty of his latest assignment but it was vital to the Lady and any course of action the Brethren might take in the near future.  He enjoyed every moment of the ride to Waymeet, or at least as much as he could with the future looming before him dark and uncertain.  The Order of the Unicorn was going to hold a recruiting session there in a few days and he was going to sign up!  This had to be the craziest thing he had ever attempted in over a century of impossible quests.  But the Lady knew what she was doing so he had to trust her.  The mare was not all that excited about it, but she had done crazier things in her life and she was committed to keeping her rider out of as much trouble as she possibly could, someone had to.  It still amused her that she was a unicorn pretending to be a horse who might one day pretend to be a unicorn if the Lady‘s plan was successful.  It was certainly a mess but she did enjoy the irony. 
They arrived in Waymeet in time for the evening meal at the inn.  The inn itself was packed with prospective Order recruits and the best Tristan could do was to get a bed in the hayloft.  The mare would have had to be tied to a tree because the stable was packed with horses.  She was left to find her own shelter for the night, which was much more to her liking than any cramped stall with moldy straw for bedding.  Near the edge of town he dismounted, removed her tack which he hid under a handy brush pile, and shouldered the saddlebags.  It would arouse too many questions if he was seen to loose his horse into the woods or if anyone saw him carrying around a saddle with no horse to go with it.  It was much better that people assumed he had come in on foot; in the throng he would hardly be noticed.  He scavenged a hunk of cheese and a bit of stale bread for the evening meal, was apparently all the inn had left.  They were hardly expecting such a crowd.  The Order was not in particular favor with the common people, but there were those who saw it as their chance to become rich and powerful, though perhaps not respected by too many people.  Men had traveled for over a hundred miles to take part in the trials the following day.  Tristan climbed into the loft and tried not to bump any of the half dozen other men trying to sleep in the dusty hay.
The morning dawned crisp and clear as only an autumn morning can.  Tristan snuck down to the river and washed the dust from his face and hands.  He made a breakfast of cold water and provisions from his saddlebag; he was not about to risk breakfast at the inn after such a dismal supper.  When he had eaten and cleaned-up, he found and saddled the mare who had had a much better night than he did; he never knew a man could snore like that, he had met quieter bears.  He led the mare out into the meadow that was to host the day’s trials.  There was already a line of men waiting to register with a rather portly fellow sitting under a striped canopy.  He led the mare over to the copse of trees that was the unofficial hitching post.  He left her there, though she laid her ears back when he told her to be a good girl and stay put.  He got in line and waited for his turn to register.  
“Name?” asked the bored looking registrar.  
“Tristan,” said the man.  
“Age?”  
“Umm…35, give or take a century,” said Tristan.  He was one hundred and thirty five but that would be difficult to explain.  The man raised an eyebrow but said nothing.  
“Occupation?”  
“Mercenary?” said Tristan.  
The registrar looked at him with complete disbelief.  “You do not know your own occupation?” he asked.  
“I am just not sure how to boil it down into a one word answer,” he replied.  
“Home?”  
“Rune’s Ford on the border of the Wilds,” said Tristan.  Once upon a time, it had actually been his home, but not in well over a century.  
“Reasons for joining the Order?”  
“I would like to dedicate my life and skills to a worthy cause rather than renting them out to the highest bidder,” he said.  The registrar raised an eyebrow but did not laugh, though he might have smirked a bit.  Tristan was quite proud of that answer; it had taken him the better part of two days to come up with it.  The smirk hurt.  
“You are number 57, you may proceed to the next station.”  He took the sheet of paper handed to him by the clerk and walked towards the line of men waiting their turn halfway across the field.
The trials consisted of various physical disciples (archery, riding, fencing, hand-to-hand combat) and a written test that covered everything from basic reading and writing skills to mathematics, history, literature, philosophy, logic, and geography.  The applicants were divided into five groups, each of which would rotate through each exercise.  His first area would be archery, which simply involved shooting five arrows and receiving a score for how close each one came to the center of the target.  The written test was next, but that did not prove too difficult for someone of his background.  During the swordplay he faced off with first one and then another of the applicants and then with one of the supervising members of the Order.  He did the same with the hand-to-hand combat.  The score of each was based on how well the three observing judges thought he excelled in the areas of balance, footing, defense, attack, and overall technique; winning was not so much the goal as showcasing one’s skills.  The equestrian trial was last.  Horses were provided for those without a suitable mount (which was the majority of the recruits who had wandered in on foot or borrowed their father’s plow or carthorse).  The mare was frisking excitedly as he led her towards the starting point.  This session would judge how well he could ride in a variety of situations.  
First, the judges examined the mare head to foot to make sure she was sound and also inspected his tack to make sure he was not somehow planning to cheat.  She put up with the inspection as best she could, but her tail swished in obvious irritation and she rolled her eyes dramatically as each foot was lifted and inspected.  Once she had passed inspection, he was given the signal to begin.  The trial would be timed and points would be given or taken for how well he responded to the variety of obstacles along the way.  The first part was simply a gallop across the meadow to see if he could keep his seat at full speed.  On the far side of the field he entered a small woody area that climbed steeply uphill and then down along a trail that snaked through overhanging branches and fallen logs.   Then he had to swim his mount across a river flowing swift and cold.  The final leg brought him back through the meadow where a dead snake on a string pulled by a hidden handler moved across the path and was meant to test his ability to handle a panicked horse.  The mare simply snorted with disgust at the dead reptile and quickly finished the course.
If they miraculously got through all the recruits today they would still have to tabulate everyone’s score, which could take days.  Not everyone who applied to join the Order was accepted.  They wanted the most intelligent and skilled individuals they could lay hands on.  Some of the unskilled recruits that showed obvious promise either in the physical and/or the mental side of things would be taken under consideration for further training depending on the current needs of the Order.  Those who excelled at both or either would quickly be snatched up and put into a rigorous training program and would soon be on their way to becoming active members of the organization.  Now all they had to do was wait.  As it turned out, they were able to finish by nightfall, though just barely.  The participants were tired, but exhilarated and no one could sleep because of their excitement so the innkeeper rolled out several kegs of the local ale and brought out what food he had left and a celebration was soon underway.  A few of the men even broke out their instruments and started to play, which tempted some of the locals to come out and join the fray, and very soon a full-fledged dance was underway in the meadow.  A bonfire was lit nearby just to enliven things and a good time was had by all.  Tristan was content to sit on the edge of the woods and watch the goings-on with a mug of ale and a hunk of bread.  The mare grazed contentedly nearby.  A couple of would-be Knights wandered in his direction and sat down.
“Why are you not joining the party?” asked a short freckled man.  
“This may be all you get out of this whole thing,” laughed the other, a tall bearded fellow.  
“I am content just to watch,” said Tristan.  
“Too bad,” said freckles, “some of the local girls are not too bad looking.”  
“At least in the dark,” laughed his friend.  “
If I was interested in girls I would not be trying out for the Order,” said Tristan.  
“No fun at all is he Otis?” said the freckled man to his friend.  
“No he aren’t,” said Otis.  
“Sorry to disappoint you,” said Tristan.  
“You seemed to do fairly well on all the tests,” said freckles more conversationally.  
“Fair enough I suppose,” said Tristan, “we will know tomorrow I hope.”  
Otis shrugged noncommittally and freckles nodded, then both headed back to the party.  Tristan watched them go and wondered if either would make it in, Otis at least probably had not passed the written test.




Sample Story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’

‘Over the hills and far away,’
thither lies the land of Fey,
Of wandering brook and woodland glade,
Golden meads and dappled shade.

Where evening star is guide and stay
And in the vales, mist doth play.
Dryad, pixie, gnome dwell there,
Griffons lurk and dragons lair.

Songs of old live on there still,
Legend treads on plain and hill.
Beasts that talk and trees that sing,
The poor be rich, a peasant King.

If that land, you would gain,
Take a child in your train,
Let him lead you by the hand,
And you will reach that far, fair land.
~Over the Hills and Far Away~




Up the airy mountains,
Down the rushy glen,
We daren’t go a-hunting
For fear of little men;
Wee folk, good folk,
Trooping all together;
Green jacket, red cap,
And white owl’s feather!
~William Allingham, ‘The Fairies’~


For Fear of Little Men

Beatrice was missing, and none were fain to seek her, save her little brother, Tibbin, but could a mere child go where grown men feared to tread?  Perhaps only a little child could.  She had strayed up into the hills after her father’s missing sheep and none had seen her for a full three days.  No one ventured into those hills, for they were known to be haunted by all manner of folk, strange and fey, and it was folly for mortals to tread thereupon.  No, the girl was lost, spirited away or bewitched by some fell being, never more to be seen by mortal men under sun and star, at least not in any natural form; her family might as well accept the truth, embrace their loss, and move on with their lives, or so whispered the villagefolk.  But Tibbin was not content to lose his sister thus, but loath were his parents to part with their remaining child, so did he make for those forbidden hills without their knowing or leave, save for a brief note of farewell, imparting his fate.  Aghast, his parents asked of their friends and neighbors if any were willing to go after.  They merely shook their heads and muttered darkly amongst themselves, who would risk their lives when the boy willingly chose his doom?  It was not to be helped.  The aggrieved couple went home to wait, perhaps vainly, for news of what had come of their children.
Tibbin was a child but he was not a fool, he was young but also sensible.  His elders all feared the fairyfolk, mostly because they did not understand them, albeit they had little interaction with that mysterious kindred and only a few old tales, likely flawed, to rely upon for information pertaining thereunto, but they were also small-minded and superstitious, little liking anything outside their ken, which was pretty much anything and everything outside the confines of their secluded village.  Tibbin was still young enough to be untainted by their blindness and prejudice; for his were the wide, unguarded eyes of childhood that saw things as they were rather than as the viewer thought them to be.  He was a little leery of the fey folk, as all creatures are of the unknown, but he was not paralyzed or handicapped by unmerited terror as his elders were.  Thus did he hie himself into those mysterious hills, the only hope for his sister.  He took with him enough bread, cheese, and water to last him a week of hard scrabbling over rocky ground, hoping it would be enough.  He took no weapons, save a little knife, which was tool rather than implement of death.  With his meager rations and a stout, faithful heart did he set out upon quest great and daring.
He left at twilight when his parents thought him abed, creeping carefully out of the house and into the brushy waste behind, clambering over stones and thorny scrub by the light of a slivered moon and a few bright stars.  He went as far as he could in the wan light, at least far enough that pursuit would not follow, and then laid himself down under a gorse bush to find what rest he could.   An impertinent bird started trilling in said bush at an unearthly hour, wakening the stiff, cold hero into a misty world of gold and rose.  He smiled despite his discomfort and drank in the beauty about him, like a connoisseur a rare and delicate wine.  He stretched, breakfasted, and was soon off into the mysterious otherworldliness of dawn, feeling that his adventure was well and truly begun.  His sister surely waited around the next bend in the path or just over the hill.  He whistled as airily as the bird as he set forth.
His sister was not over the next hill, but a short, stocky man with a prodigious beard sat upon a stone in the thinning mist, smoking his pipe.  Asked the boy of the stoic figure, “have you perchance seen or heard of a young girl roaming these hills within the last sevennight, good sir?”
The dwarfish gentleman smiled broadly at the lad’s boldness, withdrew his pipe, and exhaled thoughtfully, “aye lad, aye.  Not a rabbit goes through these hills without my knowing it.  How is it you have the courage to come when none of your elders would bestir themselves?”
Said the boy with a shrug, “none would come, so there was only me.  Please sir, have you seen my sister?”
The man nodded sagely, “she’s taken up with a few of the pixies that haunt meadow and lea, dangerous consorts for a mortal lass.”
The boy paled, “have they harmed her or is she in great peril?”
The dwarf laughed, “aye and nay, lad, aye and nay!  Those fairies are as feckless and giddy as any lass your sister’s age, but they never grow up or wiser, and neither do they age nor die.  They will not hurt a mayfly or aught else, but rather delight in all that is pretty and ephemeral: flowers, butterflies, robin’s eggs, and the like.  They have no use or comprehension of the greater, eternal things but are like a brook’s laugh or a dancing little wind in their seriousness and wisdom.  The danger lies in the fact Time and Death mean nothing to them.  Your sister, if she is not careful, may get so caught up in their whimsical nonsense that she forgets such things herself and by the time she remembers them, may find herself a very old lady with naught of life left to her.  It is a tricky thing when mortals think to involve themselves in matters beyond their ken and natural sphere.  Your kind is made for eternity, but must enter it through the proper door, not try to sneak in the window.”
The boy was silent for a long while as he contemplated the little man’s words, and finally said, “can I draw her back?”
The man nodded, “aye lad, if she will come, but she may be so entranced with the merriment and giddiness of her companions that she will yearn to stay.  If she will not go of her own will, no power on earth or beyond it will move her.  Take heed to yourself, that you not find yourself also caught up in things beyond your natural sphere.  Someday perhaps, such or rather far greater shall be your lot, but do not be tempted into seizing it ere it is time for only trouble will come of it.”  The boy heartily thanked the old man and hastened in the direction he was bidden.  The dwarf watched after and wondered what would come of the lad and his sister, silently shaking his head at the recklessness and abandon of those silly pixies and the inadvertent havoc it could wreak upon a mortal creature.
Tibbin had not gone far when he spied a rather curious creature crouching in the shade of a great oak.  It appeared to be a lad his own age, but his full height would only reach his father’s knee; he was light of build, eye, and hair and his ears were slightly tapered.  He winked at the staring boy, motioned eagerly for the lad to follow, and vanished into the hedge of roses at the base of the tree.  Tibbin took two happy steps after the fairy creature but then froze, his quest was his sister, not to be caught up in a fate like unto hers.  He sighed heavily but turned staunchly back upon his original path and intent.  The little creature watched after, for a moment a little disappointed, but then some other amusement soon caught his attention and his lost companion was immediately forgotten.
By the time the sun was on its downward journey, Tibbin had come to the little meadow wherein the dwarf said his sister and her merry companions might be found on occasion.  He settled down in a thicket of young birches to await their coming.  Neither was the wait to be tedious, dull, or lonely.  The world, in itself, was young, spry, pleasant, and full of the wonders of spring, but those hills were haunted by all manner of folk and creature unknown to the children of men, and in this varied parade, Tibbin found endless marvel and interest.  Most ignored him, some were openly scornful, and a few asked him to follow in their merry wake, but ever he sat and awaited the coming of Beatrice and her fairy companions.  So did he wait for three full days, eating from his scant provisions and refreshing himself in the ever singing brook by which he sat, finally on a night of mist and moon and starlight, five bright figures came laughing and dancing into the water meadow, Beatrice as radiant and blithe as her companions.
Tibbin rose from his place with a joyous shout and for a moment the pixies quivered like frightened birds, but soon they arrayed themselves about him in a merry dance of welcome and curiosity.  Beatrice at first did not know him, but as his song joined in their lilting chorus, his well loved voice broke the thrall about her and she joyously left her place in the circle and flew into her brother’s arms with tears of unspeakable longing and delight.  The piping and cavorting of the fairies increased tenfold at such mirth and delightedly did they share therein, but soon they tired of the newcomer and were rather perplexed and no little troubled by the strange sobbing that now wracked their once gay companion.  For nothing did they know of sorrow or death.  With a merry call, did they bid Beatrice to flit off with them anew, careless once more, but she smiled sadly, wiped a mysterious moisture from her eyes and cheek, and shook her head adamantly.  The pixies shrugged indifferently and capered off into the creeping mist to join the dance of the fireflies, their companion utterly forgotten.  Beatrice shook her head ruefully, took Tibbin’s hand, and returned to his place amongst the birches.  They slept soundly until roused by the zealous chorus of a morning in spring.  Hand in hand, they left that lovely meadow and turned their steps and hearts longingly towards home.
They met the little man, still sitting on his accustomed stone and smoking his pipe, perhaps as he had done since the first morning of the world.  He smiled joyously at them, waved enthusiastically, and then vanished.  They shared a mystified smile and continued on their way.  They might have slept another night in the bush but knew their parents were mourning their presumed fate and were eager to turn their weeping to joy.  So it was that joy came with the morning.  Their father stood aback the house, staring morbidly off into the hills and thought himself in a delirium when he glimpsed his lost children walking blithely back from the land of things forgotten and unknown.  He trumpeted his wonder and joy so loudly that the entire village was roused.  His wife came disbelieving from the house, took one look at what had so disquieted her husband, and added her own shriek of pure joy to the cacophony of laughing welcome and wonder.
The grim eyed, fretful villagers gathered round the happy little foursome and muttered darkly about curses, possession, and worse.  A few even clutched a kitchen knife, pitchfork, or wood axe in nervous dread.  The now grave father stood forth and asked of his disturbed folk, “my children have returned unscathed, why do you not rejoice?”
Said one distrustful old man, “who are you to say they are unscathed?  Who knows what terrible curse might have been laid upon them?  None venture into those hills and returns unchanged, if they return at all.  They are a threat and a danger to us all as long as they remain among us.  Send them back or send them away lest evil befall us all, else we will take matters into our own hands.”
The man shook his head in grim disgust, but before he could reply to this nonsense, Tibbin took his hand, looked gently into his eyes, and said with a wisdom far beyond his years, “heed him not father, he knows not of what he speaks and no words of yours will change his mind.”  Unchanged indeed!  The man smiled down at this young sage, caught the eyes of all his dear ones, and then looked once more upon those mysterious hills.  A brilliant flicker of gold and white upon a far hill, like a distant star, filled all his vision and called bewitchingly to his very soul.  Said Tibbin with tremulous, but joyous finality, “come, come away!”  He took his father’s hand, his mother and sister joined theirs also, and the entire family boldly made for that distant vision, the flummoxed villagers parting before them like water around the bow of a boat.  They vanished into those wondrous hills and were seen in that village no more.  Many and dark were the rumors of the witchery that had taken an entire clan and the grim fate that had undoubtedly befallen them, but I can assure you, they were all of them wrong.  




Sample Chapters of ‘The Greylands: Volume I:’

Prince Bryant sat in the common room with two sons of the greater lords of Ithamar; they all had older brothers and very little chance of ever taking their fathers’ places of import and influence unless their elder brothers succumbed to some mysterious illness or fell in battle.  Thus they were relegated to the privileged but socially obscure branch upon which they perched.  Much was expected of them by their regal parents but they would win little glory, wealth, or renown for anything they did, though their elder brothers seemed to accrue reverence simply by getting out of bed of a morning.  It was a strong glue that bound them together: jealousy of their elder brothers and anger at fate for placing them in such an insignificant position.  Most nights they could be found drowning their woes among the city’s many inns and drinking houses.  When they gathered in such a place, the natives inevitably relocated so as not to find themselves in an awkward confrontation with such important and often drunk personages; the consequences of such an experience never favored the peasants.  The boys would drink their fill and complain even more of the hardships of the world while the innkeeper listened and shook his head thinking they knew little of hardship and nothing of real life, at least not life as experienced by the commonfolk on a daily basis.  
Ithamar was not the worst of countries in those days in its treatment of its peasants but the taxes were high and common men had few rights in a conflict of interest with the nobility.  So they drank and complained and bonded in their seeming sorrow.  Then they would stumble home drunk, fall into bed while servants cleaned up the mess, and begin anew their tedious lives on the morrow, succored only by the hope of the coming night.
Bryant’s father the King, his elder brother, his mother, his numerous aunts, his grandmother, and everyone else in the Kingdom with the nerve often scolded him about his dissolute habits but he ignored them or scoffed or yelled back, all to no avail.  Why did he not lead his father’s soldiers as his younger brother did or marry the daughter of some foreign King?  Could he not learn something from all the philosophers and sages in the Kingdom and be of use to his father and brother in matters of state?  Could he not quietly disappear to his country estates and hunt contentedly in obscurity and not cause a scene?  Could he do anything but embarrass all his nearest relations?  Deep within he found the whole thing somehow amusing, if only for the consternation it caused his elders; irritating all his nearest relations seemed the only joy he had left in life.  On the outside he was all strut and show but within he yearned for meaning and direction and purpose.  He was a boat adrift at sea without anchor, rudder, or sail and the storm raged around him with no end in sight.  At least he felt as if he had something to look forward to in his nightly carousing but he always came away feeling small and empty and alone as he wandered home to bed in the small hours of the morning.  
Dark were his thoughts this night, darker than his usual wont but he felt if he continued to do nothing he would soon do something drastic, whether to himself or others he did not know.   He said to his companions, “I am tired of this tedious life we live.  Let us do something great or terrible that we might end the tedium and do something to be remembered; even if we do not succeed, it is better to die in the attempt rather than die in obscurity.  Shall we be famous or infamous?”  His friends laughed drunkenly, for the night was far gone and much wine had passed their lips.  
He continued, “as you will not choose I shall have the honor then.  Let us be infamous!  There are many failed adventurers and heroes and none know their names.  I say let us be remembered in infamy, for a villain never truly dies though he live only in legend.  We could be bandit kings but why stoop to such a level when we can reach far higher and take what fate herself has denied us?  I say we reach for the crown itself my friends!  Let us supplant my brother and even my father the King!”  He continued to draw heavily from the mug of nameless liquid before him and was lost for many minutes in his treasonous expostulations.  Whether he was serious or not, his friends could not tell but his words greatly disturbed them.  They continued to listen and ape interest but the plot (what little of it there was, it was mostly grand words and misty aspirations) had quickly sobered them even as it chilled them to the bone.  They were as empty inside as the prince but where they were content to enjoy all the privileges their rank could bestow, he had long ago failed to be pleased by such vapid entertainments.  He was nearly desperate for something to change and he had almost convinced himself that this was the only way.  He finally finished his diatribe and drained his glass.  He wandered home and his friends followed at a distance.  They saw him safely to bed and then waited sleeplessly for the hour when the King would be abroad.
After an eon, dawn finally revealed her glory and they saw the crown prince emerge from his chambers and they hurried to tell him of his brother’s embryonic treachery.  He listened gravely to the miserable pair; they did not wish to betray their friend, but their friendship was not such that it would be worth more than their lives if they did not tell and were considered traitors by all and sundry.  They finished and the crown prince said, “let us to my father that he may hear these ill tidings.”  
They hastened to the King’s chambers, awakened the slumbering monarch, and told again their terrible tale.  The King began to fume and rage while the Queen begged him to be reasonable and speak with Bryant first, before calling for his head, which of course started a Royal argument.  
The prince and the two lordlings quickly withdrew from the Royal bedchamber and the prince asked, “is my brother in jest, a drunken fool, or a true traitor?”  
They shook their heads, “my lord, we know him little when he is sober; you had best ask him yourself.”  
The prince said, “I shall.”  He turned sharply on his heel and went to find his brother before his father could do something rash.  Bryant was not happy to be so awakened and his head throbbed terribly but he soon quit complaining when his brother told the reason for his visit.  The elder said, “father may very well banish you for such talk if he does not simply call for your head!  Are you in earnest?”  
Bryant said quietly, “I am not sure myself.  I need something to change and this is as good a scheme as any I can think of.”  
His brother said, “if it had been a drunken jest perhaps father could be appeased but I am afraid his anger shall come swiftly and harshly upon you.”  Bryant paled, said nothing, grabbed his sword belt and cloak, and fled the room.  His brother silently watched him go.  He did not wish to see his father’s wrath realized but neither could he acknowledge this cold-hearted stranger as his brother.  By the time the argument was settled and the guards were sent to bring the errant boy to face his father, he was long fled.
Bryant ran for his life.  He was amazed to realize that he might perhaps be a murderous fiend if given the chance if it granted him the end he sought.  He had hoped it had all been the ravings of a drunkard but he was horrified to realize that under the right circumstances he might be obliged to do just as he had boasted.  He fled his father’s wrath but he could not flee the monster that was his own soul.  He ran to the stable, found a saddled horse awaiting his rider, flung himself into the saddle, and galloped out of the courtyard.  The servant that had been saddling the beast tried to pursue the prince with warning but to no avail; he had stolen a wild and dangerous animal that was stubborn beyond belief and resistant to even the cruelest methods of training.  How he even stayed in the saddle was hard to imagine.  He was a magnificent animal and had been brought as a gift to the crown prince by rich merchants as something of bribe that he might remember them with favor when he succeeded his father.  The creature was physically perfect but had a will of iron and would let no man on his back.  The prince was the first to attain such a feat and that unknowingly.  So they ran and with the speed of the creature any other horse in the King’s stables would have a hard time catching them.  The beast would deign to be led and saddled but would carry neither men nor burdens.  The crown prince had ordered him saddled and hoped to break him that very morning, hoping to succeed where all others had failed.
They ran hard all day on the shortest road out of the country.  As night was falling they finally stopped and the prince nearly collapsed against a tree just over the border.  His heart sank and his hand reached for his sword as he heard the sound of galloping hooves drawing swiftly nigh.  Six of his father’s guards drew rein a bowshot from the prince and one aimed his arrow at the weary boy.  The bowstring sang and the prince dove to the ground as an arrow embedded itself in the tree just above where his head had been.  The guards then turned and rode off slowly into the dying day.  Cautiously the prince stood and pulled the arrow from the tree.  He found a small piece of paper attached to the shaft and the message read, “know you now that you are henceforth banished from all the domains of Ithamar and all title, privilege, and rank is hereby denied you.  If you should ever return it will be as a criminal and an outlaw and your life is forfeit unless spared by the mercy of the King.”  
Bryant sighed and said to the night air, “I wanted things to change and they have, but not in the way I intended.  I am now an exile, a wanderer, an outlaw, a fugitive, with no home, people, or place to call my own.  I am a fool.”  
The sweat-lathered horse snorted and said, “you are certainly all of that, as am I, but you need not be a fool.”  
The prince sat down hard in surprise and exhaustion and said, “horses do not talk.”  
The horse eyed him patiently and said, “perhaps, but then again it may be that just the horses of your acquaintance have never spoken.  Either that or I am not a horse.”  He snorted in amusement.  
Taking the hint, the former prince said, “if you are not a horse then what are you?”
The unhorse said, “let us just say I have been banished from amongst my own noble and glorious people and reduced to the state in which you currently find me.  I have been stripped of all that makes my people unique and left a mortal nag.”  
The unprince said, “and what did you do to become as you are?  Who are your people and where do they come from?”  
The unhorse said, “perhaps one day I shall tell you all the tale but for now you must suffice yourself with what I have already revealed.  What of you?”  
The boy sighed, “last night in a drunken rage I spoke of doing terrible things only to awake and find that all know of my theoretical treachery and that some part of me is not horrified that I am capable of such acts.  I can flee my father’s wrath but I cannot run from my own wretchedness.”  
The horse looked at him thoughtfully and said, “until now I have revealed myself to no one, but trapped as I am, I shall go mad if I trust no one and soon shall think myself nothing but a silly horse in truth.  Seeing as we are both rebels and outlaws, perhaps we can travel together for a time.  I will allow you upon my back in exchange for your aid in keeping me out of the hands of strangers who would happily confiscate a wandering horse as I will seem if I travel alone.”  
The boy laughed weakly, “I admit to you that I am a traitor and willing to do murder and yet I alone of all men am the man you choose to trust?”  
The horse said, “you have not yet killed anyone and the fact that you are horrified at your own thoughts means there is yet some hope for you.  We are both rebels and outcasts, perhaps together we can find redemption upon the road.  Besides, you are alone and desperate and need me as much as I need you.  You shall not get far afoot.”  
“Where then shall we go?” asked the former prince.
The horse shook his head, “I do not know.  Even if I returned to the lands of my people I would not be allowed to or even capable of entering that blessed place.  You have no skills or relations that might benefit you in the wide world?”  The boy shook his head.  The horse sighed, “then let us go north for now until something draws us elsewhere.”  The boy nodded his agreement for one direction was as good as any other at the moment.  They wandered off the road a short distance and the boy was soon asleep.  
Morning came and the boy rose damp and stiff but much refreshed.  He had brought nothing to eat or to start a fire with.  Neither did he have a bow.  He had his sword and dagger upon his hastily grabbed belt; his belt pouch was full of coins but there was nowhere to buy breakfast either.  He refreshed himself in a swiftly running creek, saddled the horse, and they were soon off though the boy’s stomach complained bitterly.  The horse remarked, “it would be a far easier journey if you could sate yourself with grass as all sensible creatures do.”  
The boy laughed and said, “you are the only sensible herbivore I have ever met.  All other creatures that go on four legs have remained thankfully silent.”  
The horse retorted, “that only makes them more sensible, for only man opens his mouth and makes sounds for no reason.  At least doubt remains as to whether the silent beasts are truly fools or not; man has proved himself thus time and time again by his speech.”  
About midday they stopped in a small village and the boy purchased what he would need for the journey and some much appreciated food.  They continued on until nightfall at which point, the boy made a rough camp and the horse wandered off for his nightly meal.  They continued on in this manner for several days and nothing truly remarkable happened.  They were traveling north through Sebeka: the neighboring Kingdom to Ithamar, a peaceful and prosperous country that welcomed strangers and their coin even more so.  
The horse said one day as they rode along, “what know you of happenings in the wide world?”  
The boy said, “I paid little attention to world events, current or historic, save for a little about our closest neighbors.  Now I begin to regret my inattention to my studies, for now I see the use of them when previously I thought it all nonsense.”  
The horse said, “I know little of the countries of men but I shall tell you what I know of your world in general.  It is a vast place and there are many kings and kingdoms; some are prosperous and peaceful, others are evil and warlike, and there are all shades between.  There is also much unclaimed and wild land where all manner of beasts and folk strange to men are to be found.  Much of what you consider myth or legend is actually true and flourishes in such places.  In the far south dwells an Evil Prince with much sway in the world.  His minions ride wherever they will and do as they please, causing much grief amongst innocent folk.  His kingdom is called the Infernal Realm and is separated from all else by impassable mountains though any who wish can freely enter his gates.  All is sere and waste within a hundred miles of those vile peaks and he holds sway over all within their shadow.  Many of the Kings closest to his domain are his vassals and nearly as vile as he.  He is a rebel against the Great King who dwells far to the north in the Brightlands and once was his greatest servant.  A great chasm in the earth, called the Rift by men, separates those dear lands from all others.”
He continued, “it is said that the Rift is a rift indeed, in time itself and that it has no bottom.  No mortal can cross that chasm save by the will of the Great King or his dear son, the True Prince whose will is always that of his father.  It is from the Blessed Mountains that rim the Brightlands that my own kin come and from thence was I banished.  Between the Brightlands and the Infernal Realm are the Grey Lands in which mortal men dwell and that encompass all you know as real.  It is in this strange place that you are born, live, and die.  After you pass the gates of death you must enter either the Brightlands, if you are a willing subject of the Great King, else you come under the dominion of the Dark Prince and come never more forth from the Infernal Realms.  One day the Great King will reclaim the Grey Lands and forever banish the Dark Prince beyond his own mountains and seal the gate that none may pass out again.  Then will all the world be as it was meant to, before rebellion brought death and sorrow upon the face of the earth.”  
The boy paled, “I have heard stories and legends of such things but never thought them more than tales.  You tell me this is the truth!  Whatever is a rebel of my standing to do?  Am I doomed to dwell in that terrible place for all eternity?”  
The horse shook his head, “I am a rebel myself and doomed to the same fate unless we can find a way out.  My people are immortal and true and willing servants to the Great King, but alas I refused the duty he asked of me and I was thus banished.  We never spoke of redemption for we had no need of such a concept, but on these shattered shores on which I find myself the need is truly great.  We must seek out one who can tell us this mystery.”
The boy nodded glumly and hoped with all his heart that a way could be found out of this pit of his own making.  At least he knew now why they rode north; he had no wish to be nearer those awful lands than he absolutely had to be.  “What or who are we looking for?” asked the boy.  
The horse said, “there are supposedly men abroad, servants of the Great King, knowledgeable in all things pertaining to him and his dealings with fallen men.  It is one of these learned men that we seek, to learn what must be done to redeem ourselves.”  
“Where are such folk to be found?” asked the boy.  
The horse snorted in laughter, “an excellent question.  I know little of mortal lands and know only what I have personally observed since my arrival in this dismal sphere and that which I have overheard men speak in my presence.  Sadly, I seem to know more than you who were born in this place.”  
The boy nodded glumly, ashamed of all he had failed to learn in his life and of all the time he had spent drowning himself in a mug of ale.  The boy said, “perhaps instead of isolating ourselves of an evening, I should visit the local tavern and see if I cannot learn something of these mystics you speak of.”  
The horse nodded in approval, “an excellent proposition.”  They stopped early that evening, for they would not reach the next village before dark.  The horse said to the boy, “be careful, for there are men who do not hold the Great King in high favor.  The Dark Prince has spies and servants everywhere.”  
The boy smiled, “you are worried for my safety?”  
The horse smiled, “let us just say it would be a far more difficult journey alone.”  The boy smiled in return and went into the inn while the horse wandered off into the night.

The boy took a seat far to the back and watched quietly from his private corner.  The innkeeper eyed him speculatively but said nothing for he caused no trouble.  The boy watched the quiet conversations, tavern games, and the comings and goings of the various patrons.  He marked out several shady looking characters but saw no one who seemed an ideal source of information.  Full dark fell outside the grimy windows and a ragged traveler traipsed into the inn and wandered to the back of the common room.  He surveyed the men scattered about the establishment and his eyes fell upon the boy, obviously a fellow stranger in this place.  He made his way to the back and asked if he might share the boy’s small table.  The boy was intrigued by the stranger and nodded.  The man took a seat, the serving girl brought him a bowl of stew and some bread, and as he ate his meal he said, “what brings you to this place lad?  One does not often see such youngsters wandering alone, save perhaps a few adventurous lads looking to be heroes.”  
The boy said, “I wander because I must.  My past is behind and all my unknown future lies ahead.  I seek hope in a hopeless world and quiet for a disquiet heart.”  
The man smiled secretively and said quietly, “the world is not quite as hopeless as you might think though sometimes it is dangerous to speak of that which is a light in even the darkest night.  I am willing to speak with you of such things but perhaps in a place less obvious.”  
The boy nodded gravely and said, “my companion and I have ridden far in search of such knowledge.  We are both wanderers seeking rest.  What do you suggest?”  
The man smiled, “let me finish my meal and then we shall talk for a time of trivialities to allay the suspicions of all here.  Then you can wander off into the night and I shall follow when convenient.  Wait for me along the road but well out of sight.”  The boy nodded and they proceeded as planned.
Half an hour after the boy had gone, the man trudged wearily out into the dark, a man obviously too poor to afford a bed in such a place.  A few eyed him speculatively but returned to their drinks seeing nothing obviously to their benefit in yet another penniless traveler.  The man wandered out into the road and waited silently until the boy crawled out of hiding and drew his attention.  They vanished down an overgrown trail into a little clearing.  The moon stood high and gave enough light to cast their faces into shadow.  “Where is your companion?” asked the curious man.  The boy smiled silently in amused anticipation as a horse walked out of the shadowed woods and stopped before the man and looked at him as if awaiting some reply.  The man looked from the horse to the boy and back again.  
“Well?” asked the horse, “I have been told that this little interlude shall be worth missing part of my evening meal.”  
The man gaped, “I have not had the pleasure of meeting a talking horse before, unless of course you are not actually a horse?”  
The horse smiled in pleasure, “finally a man with some sense!  Long have I hoped to meet such a specimen.  I of course am no horse, save perhaps in appearance.  And who pray tell are you and how come you to know more of wisdom than most men I have encountered?”  
The man smiled in amusement and said, “who I am is of no particular import save that I am a servant of the Great King and have seen many strange and wonderful things in my wanderings on his behalf.  And who might you be, my curious friends?”
The horse snorted in amusement, “who we are matters as little as does your identity.  But know we are outcasts and rebels seeking forgiveness and a brighter future.  We have high hopes that you might be able to tell us of such things.”  
The man nodded, “as are all who roam these Grey Lands.  What know you of the state of the world and that which lies beyond?”  
The horse said, “we know of the Great King and the sundering of all those who have rebelled against him, including the Dark Prince and all mankind.  We seek to know if there is any way to restore that which has been destroyed.  Can a creature sundered from its Maker by rebellion and iniquity be restored to fellowship with Him?”  
The man smiled, “that is the question that wrings the heart of all mortal creatures.  A creature in willing rebellion against his King cannot do aught to redeem himself.  For what is the worth of anything we can do of ourselves?  Our greatest and noblest deeds are nothing but soiled rags to the Great King yet each of our smallest sins cuts his great heart like a knife.”  
The horse sighed, “then all is lost?”  
The man smiled joyfully and said, “thankfully no.  We cannot redeem ourselves but one greater than us has paid the price for our folly; all we need do is accept the King’s pardon on his behalf and live our lives in accordance with the will of our new Lord and Master.”  
The horse looked startled, “who could bear such a burden and yet be acceptable to the King?”  
The man said grimly, “it was the King’s own Son who bore the penalty of our rebellion and for a moment even his own father could not look upon him for the shame he bore.  He willingly left the Brightlands to dwell in infamy among mortals only to meet a cruel and humiliating end and to give as it seemed, a great victory to the Vile Prince, but that was not the end of the story.  He overthrew death, bore the curse each of us should have borne ourselves, and was restored to his proper place beside his father.  The Vile Prince was dealt a cruel blow that shall one day be made complete when the True Prince returns in triumph to overthrow evil and death forever.”
The boy said, “why would such a great and mighty Prince do that for the weak and wretched of the earth when he could dwell untroubled in glory?”  
The man said in awe, “that is the mystery and the beauty of it.  Some call it love but such a love no mortal mind can comprehend.  What will you make of this tale you have just heard?  Will you go away laughing at the foolishness of an old man while seeming to tolerate me while in my presence or will you take my tale as truth and give your life that you might save it?”  
The boy asked nervously, “what must I do to accept this great offer?”  
The man smiled and said, “simply repent of your evil in the name of the Son and seek to live your life according to the Father’s will.”  
The boy said, “and how will I know his will?”  
The man smiled, “you will know.  If you are in earnest, the King’s Spirit will be with and help you to know good from evil, right from wrong.  You must seek out that which is good and noble and beautiful and pure.  Flee that which is evil, ignoble, dishonest, wicked, selfish, and impure.  Love all men as you love yourself and love the King with all that is within you.”  
“And what of me?” asked the horse.  
“What of you?” asked the man, “you are a sapient creature in rebellion against the Great King and therefore capable of seeking his gift of redemption to himself.” 
The horse said sadly, “but I have dwelt in the Blessed Mountains, across the River which mortal men call the Rift.  I am one of the Pegassi and banished to dwell a mortal horse in these sad lands for refusing that for which my race is bred.  Can even I seek this gift?”  
The man smiled gently, “that you can ask that question and worry about its answer should be answer enough.  Seek the King and I think you have nothing to fear.  Were you yet of a stubborn and proud heart and refused his gift I think there would be no hope, but yet your heart is supple, humble, and willing.  I have no fear for you.”  
The horse was stunned, “how come you to know my sin?”  
The man smiled ruefully, “the root of all sin is pride and selfishness.  For that is the crime of the Dark Prince and Enemy of the Great King.  A humble and meek heart is hardly capable of such aspirations.”  
The boy then asked, “and what shall I do with my life once I have accepted the King as Lord and Master?  Must I become a wandering spokesman like you?”  
The man laughed, “perhaps that will be your duty but perhaps not.  There are many things the King’s servants are called to do.  You will know in your heart that which you must do if you fervently ask it of the King.  You say you are a rebel and an outlaw?  I would advise you to return to the place from whence you have fled and face the justice that is due you and the forgiveness of those you have wronged.  Then you can seek what your life has in store.”  
The boy was aghast, “I thought accepting the Son freed me from all iniquity and the penalties attendant thereunto.”  
The man smiled sadly, “he frees us from the eternal penalties for such actions but we must yet face the mortal consequences of our actions while life lasts.  You cannot be right with the King if you are not right with your brothers.”  
The boy was stunned, “how did you know I wronged my brother?”  
The man smiled, “I meant your fellow men not just your male siblings.  Go home and make things right child and remember to forgive others as you seek to be forgiven.”  
They talked long into the night but finally succumbed to exhaustion.  They parted company in the morning and each continued on his own respective journey, each missing the other as if losing a dear friend though they had known each other only for a few hours.  The horse, whose name was Erian, chose to accompany the boy home that he might make amends to his father and brother and face whatever justice they chose to mete out.  The traveler went on his way to seek out those who, like his former companions, were desperate for the truths he carried.  
The journey was swiftly made, the boy was not happy to perhaps be facing death but felt such a peace and purpose within himself that he did not fear the future, even if it meant his demise.  The horse did not wish to go back into captivity but he and the boy had discussed it and if things went ill with the boy, the horse could easily escape once someone took him out of the great walled city for a ride in the country.  If the boy survived the encounter with his father and was not imprisoned for life, they thought to seek the Master’s will for their lives together.  Erian never thought to develop such an attachment to a human but was happy to again have a friend, though he dreaded what end the boy might meet at the hands of his own kin.  He had rather come to enjoy their time together and hoped he would not soon be alone again.  Finally the day came when they crossed the borders into Ithamar and would soon face the wrath of the King.  It was not long before six soldiers in the uniform of the Royal Guard came upon them.  They were stunned to learn who the lonely stranger was and wasted no time in drawing their swords to take the rebel and traitor.
The boy drew his own sword and dagger, but only to throw them to the ground and then placed his hands on his head in surrender.  The captain nearly fell out of his saddle with amazement but feared the boy might be trying his hand at some trick.  He ordered his men forward and they surrounded the boy with swords bared.  The captain searched the boy, cruelly bound his hands behind his back, and took the reins of the ‘silly horse.’  One of his men retrieved the boy’s weapons and they set out in triumph for the city.  They said nothing to the rebel, save to mock him in his shameful return; the boy refrained from speaking.  They entered the city and the citizens mocked and jeered as he passed while cheering the brave soldiers who had captured the renegade.  The King had widely publicized the incident and its consequences, and the boy was in disfavor with the citizenry after his many intoxicated adventures in the city’s various inns.  They arrived in the courtyard of the castle and many were the servants and guards who for a moment stood about in abject shock, before hustling off to inform the King of his ignominious guest.  The boy slid form his saddle under the watchful eyes of a dozen armed men; he smiled sheepishly at the horse, who whinnied in reassurance and was led away to the stables.  
The boy was taken to meet his father with all the court and his entire family looking on.  The boy stood before their Majesties head bowed and tears burning in his eyes.  The King wore a grim look and his mother’s eyes held silent shame and horror that one of her own children could be so terrible.  The King said in a voice like thunder in the hills, “what have you to say for yourself?  I half expected you to return with an enemy army, come to force your point, if you returned at all.”  
The boy could stand it no longer and went to his knees before his father as the court gasped in amazement.  The King’s jaw dropped and for the first time hope lit the Queen’s face.  The boy said, “I fled a proud and foolish boy.  I return in shame and dishonor, but duty bids me to return and face what my shameful acts have earned.”  
“Duty?” scoffed the King, “what know you of duty?”  
The boy wept openly, “I know very little Sire, but I could not go on living knowing your wrath yet hung over my head.  Know that I am guilty of all that you have heard.  I am also guilty of living wantonly and selfishly, with no regard for any save myself.  I return to you a broken and humbled child.  Forgive my idiocy and irreverent thoughts and deeds.  Let justice be met in your eyes, as well as in the eyes of the court and all the citizens of Ithamar.”  
The King gaped, “you are my son are you not?”  The boy met his father’s gaze and the man saw the truth of the boy’s words written in eyes red with weeping.  The King shook his head and said, “I threatened you with death should you have the gall to return, but I also spoke of the possibility of mercy.  Tell me truly, is this drastic change of heart real or simply a ploy to save your life?” 
The boy said, “my life is yours to take if you will it thus.  This shattered wretch you see before you is the man I have become in my absence; it is no act.”   
The King shook his head, “and what has engendered such a change?  You fled a traitor and return an honorable man that I would not be ashamed to call my son.”  
The boy smiled weakly and said, “I have discovered that there is more to life than my own selfish and empty desires.  I have found him who can forgive my past and shortcomings and who enables me to become more than I could ever aspire to be.  I am a servant of the Great King and his blessed Son.”
At this admission the whole court was suddenly in uproar.  They of course had heard the tales and thought them all stories and wishful thinking, for there could be no Great King any more than there was a Dark Prince or unicorns or griffins.  Such things were simply bedtime tales to teach children morality and hasten them to sleep and nothing more.  The King was enraged, “I begin to offer you mercy and you dare blame your radical transformation on children’s tales?”  
The boy said quietly, “they are not stories Sire, they are the truth and the only hope for mankind.  Am I not living proof of their power?”  
The King shook his head, satisfied that the boy did not mock him, but fearful that he was a lunatic.  Finally he said, “I have stripped you of all rank and title and this I cannot and will not restore.  However, seeing your change of heart I will spare you from death.  You may come and go freely within Ithamar and all its domains but only as a commoner.  You have no rank or privilege among the nobility unless one of us cares to humor you for a time.  What say you?”  
The boy stood and said, “it is more than I deserve Majesty, you can lawfully do with me as you please.  I thank you for your mercy.”  He bowed deeply and all the court gasped again.  Most would rather face death than live stripped of rank and privilege as the boy felt inclined to do.  
The King smiled slightly, “you may at least call me father once more.  That is the one privilege I shall not revoke.  You will never inherit my throne but you are still my son.  For once I can say that I am not ashamed of you.”
The family then withdrew to a private room to discuss things further, leaving the court to gossip amongst themselves while wild rumors spread like wildfire through the servants, guards, and townsfolk.  The joyful Queen greeted her errant son.  The King embraced the boy a bit stiffly but gradually warmed to the idea.  His younger siblings were ecstatic.  His elder brother smiled warmly and welcomed home a brother he could finally be proud of, if in a strange way.  
“So,” said the King, “what are your plans now that you have a future?”  
The boy smiled ruefully and said, “I think I shall remain in Ithamar for a time telling all who will listen of the grace that was granted me.  Meanwhile I hope to discover of what service I can be to the King.”  
The King was quite pleased, “all you need do is ask my dear son.”  
The boy said quietly, “I am sorry father, but I was not speaking of your grace, though I am very thankful for it; I was speaking of the Great King and what his Son has done for us all.  It is him I must now serve with all my being.”  
The King gaped, “men will think you mad!  You will be shunned and perhaps beaten or killed if you proclaim such things openly.  Can you not abandon this nonsense?  You have been restored to life; why court death once more?”  
The boy said, “What I once called life was but a living death.  How now can I abandon Him who restored me to true life?  I will not return to being half alive now that I have tasted of true life even though I die for it.  I know it to be true and I would gladly give my life in service to my Lord.  Men may think what they wish but I care only for my Master’s opinion.”  He bowed politely and left the room leaving his entire family quite stunned.  
His mother spoke quietly with her husband and then hurried after her son.  She found him sitting quietly in one of the gardens and said, “your father has agreed to house you in the servants’ quarters, though how long his favor will last if you persist in your current way of thinking I do not know.  I am glad you have found your peace and it gives me much to think about and stirs great hope within me.  Tell me more.”  And he did.
He stayed in the palace for a day or two but no one wanted to be preached at by the hypocritical and half-mad boy as they thought him; those who were curious found themselves silenced by fear of what others might think.  The boy then moved into the city with his message and there found a few who listened but more who mocked, jeered, or even showered him with rotten produce.  He became something of a local joke and people began to think him mad in truth to tolerate such treatment day by day and wondered that he did not stop and become ‘rational’ as they saw it.  Erian accompanied him often on these forays, being ill at ease in the palace stables alone.  After one such afternoon the horse remarked, “a prophet is not without honor, save in his hometown.”  
Bryant cocked an eyebrow and smiled saying, “a sage piece of advice my friend and just who did you steal it from?”  
The horse did his best to shrug and said, “I suppose I heard it once somewhere but who is to say it is not of my own making?”  
They shared a much needed laugh and turned back towards the castle when an aura of fear froze them in their tracks.  The townsfolk also seemed to sense the terror and cowered where they stood, shrunk behind doorways and walls, or fled.  A thing that looked a man all in black armor with embers for eyes and naked bones under a thin veiling of translucent skin, barely visible beneath the metal carapace, rode ominously down the street upon some terrible creature that was equine in shape, but draconian in feature with claws for feet, a scaled hide, and a mouth full of terrible teeth.  The black rider looked over the cowering townsfolk disdainfully, as a woman might a dead mouse in her pantry.  Even a trio of the King’s guards stepped back in dread as those eyes fell upon them.
Finally the roving gaze fell upon the boy.  The fell beast stopped and the rider looked upon the boy; one could feel his terrible smile hidden beneath the faceplate of the helmet.  The boy felt that gaze and knew what it meant to be utterly hated.  Erian’s head was down and he trembled in terror.  The creature moved towards the horse and his rider and when close enough, the dark apparition reached out and grabbed the frozen boy and plucked him from Erian’s saddle.  The boy’s terror turned to desperation not to be captured by the wraith; he fought and struggled vainly against the inhumanly strong arm that clutched him; he might as well have tried to move a mountain.  
“Stop struggling wretch,” growled a voice like a wind from the tomb.  A chill breath from the black form touched the boy’s face and he went cold and limp as one dead.  The dark rider produced a length of dark cord and bound the boy hand and foot; he turned his mount and rode out of the city with the boy tied across the croup of his saddle.  The city seemed to breath a sigh of relief with the apparition gone, and all were silently thankful it had not come for them.  Erian recovered himself enough to follow the vile pair at a distance but had little hope of freeing his friend.  He had heard rumors of such things before but had hoped never to see one with his own eyes; what could a Dreadlord want with the boy?  Certainly the deadliest and most vile servants of the Dark Prince could have no love for the servants of the Great King but why waste such a valuable resource on one boy?  He wished that he had tried to protect his friend when the vile thing had come for him, but he knew all he could have done was die in vain.
They traveled day and night, never stopping for rest or water and the vile rider pressed ever south.  Erian was exhausted and faint but refused to slacken in his pursuit lest he lose any chance of rescuing Bryant, though as the miles passed his hope quickly faded.  Prisoners of the Dark Lord did not live long and the time left them was filled with such misery and torment that they welcomed death when it finally came.  On the brink of collapse, the Pegassi thought he was hallucinating when he saw a griffin (another creature he had hoped never to encounter personally) silently stoop out of the sky, unhorse the loathsome rider, and carry the boy bodily away (after a brief struggle with the cord securing him to the riding beast).  The Dreadlord stood, watched the predator wing swiftly north and vanish beyond the horizon, he seemed to laugh to himself, and rode off to trouble further innocents.  
Erian finally collapsed upon the road from shock and exhaustion.  The griffin flew back to its lair high atop a bluff overlooking a great river that flowed through that forested hill country.  The boy finally stirred, though he had barely drawn breath for two days while in the Dreadlord’s clutches.  The first thing he saw was the great beaky maw open above him and he struggled vainly against his bonds to be free of this new terror.  The creature seemed to find his victim’s ordeal amusing and lowered his head and closed the gaping beak upon his original target: the boy’s bonds.  Seeing the creature did not mean to make a meal of him (at least immediately), the boy relaxed and waited to see what strange adventure had flung itself upon him.
“Now,” said the griffin, once he had freed his prisoner, “tell me what a Dreadlord would want with the likes of you?”  
The boy looked at the creature in astonishment as he sat up and began working life back into his hands and feet.  He said, “you are not going to devour me?  I did not think griffins real and if they were, I thought them all monsters.  I did not even know what a Dreadlord was until I saw that thing, if that is indeed what it is called?  I know even less of what interest it would have in me.  What is a Dreadlord anyway?”  
The creature laughed, “if I were going to eat you I certainly would have been about it already.  Many of my kind are cruel and devious creatures, some have become little more than ravaging beasts in mind as well as habit.  But there are a few of us who fear the King and thus keep his laws.  Griffins are quite real my young friend, as I am certainly proof; much of what you might consider legend lives and breathes and roams the earth.  As for Dreadlords, you certainly made a closer study of the abominable things than most have and none I know have lived to tell the tale if they had.  They are the dearest servants of the Enemy: evil men of vile intention sometimes go to the gates of the Infernal Realm seeking such power.  They are always allowed to enter but none know which ever emerge, for they all look the same and there is no way to differentiate one from another.  Those so chosen undergo terrible rituals to become something that is truly a living death.  No mortal blade can injure them.  Few mortal hearts can stand against the fear they inspire and no mortal horse.”
The boy said, “is there any hope for mortal man if the Enemy has such servants?”  
The griffin continued, “thankfully there are only ever seven of the creatures abroad at a time.  Those who seek such service are more often denied the terrible honor they demand and are made Soldiers instead: a less terrible but certainly evil servant of the Enemy, with few thoughts of their own and almost completely under the control of the Dreadlords, though there are certainly more of them about.  They never go about alone thankfully, save in the shadow of the Mountains of Night on the borders of the Infernal Realms.  Otherwise they are always in the company of a Dreadlord for they are quite helpless without.  You have seen the vile mounts of the Dreadlords; the Soldiers ride what appear to be mortal horses but so mutilated and terrible that they seem to share in their masters’ living death.  But while mortals may tremble in the presence of these dread servants of the Enemy, the King has not left us alone, for there are those who have the power to oppose them.  This does not guarantee a rescue but it gives hope to an otherwise hopeless situation.  I take it from the Dreadlord’s interest in you that you are a servant of the King?”  
The boy nodded in awe and horror at what he had just heard.  The griffin mused, “usually they would kill outright such a bothersome pest as they would see you.  Why go to all the trouble of carrying you back to his vile master?  They will carry back the more famous or effective servants of the King in hopes of turning them away from the King or at least giving them a horrible death.  What was a Dreadlord doing in the middle Kingdoms anyway?  They are usually found in the south, in lands more firmly in the sway of the Dark One.  What were you up to when the thing found you?”
The boy said, “I was trying to touch the hard hearted people of Ithamar and was having little effect.”  
The griffin laughed, “Ithamar!  You certainly set yourself impossible tasks!  They are quite a hard headed people and no one has been able to penetrate their hearts of stone in many long years.  They consider the King and everything outside the bounds of man myth!  I wonder what the appearance of a Dreadlord among them might do?  He might make more of a dent in their proud hearts than a hundred years of preaching ever could else he may drive them further into their stubborn assertions that mankind is all there is and ever was.  What made you choose Ithamar?”  The boy smiled ruefully and told his story.  
The griffin was quite astonished, “that is quite a tale.  I doubt it would be a good idea for you to return home but perhaps this presents an opportunity for another to try his hand.  The Dreadlord would certainly return for you, once they lay claim to a victim they will not rest in their pursuit until he is utterly destroyed.  Thankfully your captor will think you dead by my claws.  Your people are also not apt to listen to you but perhaps this incident will soften their hearts and open their minds enough for a stranger to succeed where a local son is mocked.  This could be quite a breakthrough for the King.  The middle Kingdoms, such as Ithamar, are notorious for their skepticism while the southern kingdoms are steeped in evil and those to the north are nearly lost to pride, self-righteousness, and legalism, thinking themselves the sole servants of the King when they are in truth far from him.”  
“What then should I do?” asked the boy.  
The griffin smiled, “that I cannot say.  You must find whatever it is the King would have you do in his service.  Fear not, for a willing heart will certainly find its way though it will not necessarily be a pleasant or easy task.”
The boy smiled, “I know already that the King’s message is not that popular among most folk!”  He paled, “what of my family who think me dead or worse?  What became of Erian?”  
The griffin cocked his head, “I was going to tell one of the Wanderers, the King’s servants who wander from place to place telling others of the King, that perhaps he should visit Ithamar.  I shall ask him to give tidings of your safety to your family.  Who is Erian?”  
The boy looked both relieved and worried, wondering how much of Erian’s tale he dare tell the griffin.  He said, “he is my friend and former companion in exile until I returned home from my brief wanderings.  He was with me when the Dreadlord came but I knew nothing more until I awoke here.”  
The griffin said, “I saw no other men.”  
The boy said with some amusement, “he is not a man but appears a horse, though he is not a horse by lineage.”  The griffin looked skeptical; the boy laughed and said, “I shall let him tell his tale if we can find him.  I do not think the Dreadlord recognized him for a thinking creature and thus spared him nor do I think he was long in pursuit.”  
The griffin shook his head, “Dreadlords require neither food nor rest nor water and can press on at great speed relentlessly.  A horse would not last long in such a chase, but I shall seek your friend upon the road.  Come, climb upon my back and we shall seek your friend together.”  Bryant did as he was bidden and climbed onto the creature’s back and clung tightly that he might not fall.  The creature leapt into the air and winged his way towards the road.
They had not far to go from the place the griffin had encountered the Dreadlord, for they found Erian collapsed beside the road, caked with sweat and dust, and breathing heavily.  The griffin had hardly landed before the boy leapt from his back and ran to his prone friend.  A water skin was yet secured to the saddle and Bryant used some of the precious fluid to revive his friend.  The horse felt the cold water on his face and started awake.  He would have fallen in shock had he not already been down when he saw his friend alive and well with a curious griffin at his shoulder.  He shook himself all over and struggled to his feet.  
He said weakly, “we had best get off the road and I desperately need a drink.”  Slowly he made his way under the cover of the trees and thankfully found a small brook chattering happily in the midst of the glade  He drank as much as he dared, the boy helped him off with his tack, rubbed him down with handfuls of grass, and then he gratefully lay down once more.  “Now,” said the horse, “tell me how it is you are alive after an encounter with both a griffin and a Dreadlord.”  The boy told as much as he knew of the tale.  
Then the griffin asked, “how is it that a seeming horse can talk?”  
The horse eyed him skeptically but was grateful for his rescue of the boy and also his having refrained from killing them both, so Erian said, “it is quite true that I am only a horse in form.  By birth I am one of the Pegassi, but I was banished from that noble people for my arrogance and have since been humbled and returned to the King’s service, but still remain in this lesser form, probably unto death.  Learn well my friend the price of rebellion against our Great Lord.”  
The griffin nodded grimly and then said, “I must be off on other errands now that you are both relatively safe, but I shall return and check on you upon my return.”  He was suddenly gone and the boy and horse exchanged an amazed smile.
They stayed in that place for several days while Erian recovered his strength.  The griffin returned occasionally to chat and often brought the boy a rabbit or some part of a deer.  The horse lived quite well on the local vegetation.  Finally Erian felt ready to be on the road once more and asked, “where shall we go next, my dear and reckless friend?  Since your father’s kingdom is not a place we can go, where then shall our road take us?”  
The boy looked to the griffin who shook his head, “I am of little use to either of you in this matter I am afraid.  I have spoken to one of the local Wanderers and he was quite eager to attend to the strange needs of Ithamar.”  
The boy sighed, “I know little of the world.  How am I to know my place in it?”  
The horse snorted, “at least you were born to it.”

On Heroes: A Foible

Aido had been an under-clerk for the Department of Prophecy Amelioration for over a decade, and at last he was about to embark on his first undercover investigation.  He had been in training for years: working out, perfecting his combat techniques, learning to procure and prepare ‘wild food,’ studying old maps and forgotten languages, familiarizing himself with the prophetic writings of every culture, real or imagined, learning the arts of healing, riding, and woodcraft, and only shaving every third day.  Finally, his superiors had decided that he was ready to be promoted to the rank of Investigator for the Sub-department of Hero Isolation and Containment.  He happily walked over to the Repository of Draught and Riding Beasts to procure his very own work vehicle; hopefully something in a blood bay with a little spirit, but that was asking for too much, after all, his was a bureaucratic position.  
At least he was not assigned the riding ox or the donkey that would only go left regardless of whether you asked him to stop, turn, or back up.  He took the reins from the bored looking kid who worked the desk and looked over his new wheels skeptically; it had four legs at least, that was a start.  The sorrel coat would blend in with every other horse on the planet, which was far from exciting, but perhaps being inconspicuous would be an advantage in the field.  It would get him where he needed to go in an efficient manner and that was all the Department cared about.  He sighed and led the beast out of the Repository and parked it in the loading area before going to retrieve the rest of his equipment.
If the horse wasn’t exciting, maybe his weapons allotment would be.  Aido stood in line for what seemed hours as a fusty old lady pottered about behind the counter of the Dispensary of Potentially Lethal Implements, adjusting her glasses and scratching her head in confusion every three seconds.  Finally his turn came and he handed over the paperwork requisitioning what he would need for his field investigation.  She stared at him blankly, blinked a few times like a confused chicken, and then after a few minutes of silence said, “you will have to come back after the Midday Ingestion Break, Investigator.  You know it is against Regulations for me or anyone else to do any sort of Official Business between the hours of Twelve and Thirteen.”  He stared at her in astonishment, not believing it was already that late in the day and dreading the thought of more delay, but there was nothing to be done.  If either of them were caught working over the Break, the results would be catastrophic.  He said something inconsequential and made his way to the Room of Edible Procurement and then returned to the Dispensary to wait, finding that he had lost his place in line.  He sat down with a sigh and tried not to weep in frustration.  Finally, just before the Afternoon Refreshment Period, he was allowed to get his allotment of PLIs.  Like the horse, there was nothing at all interesting about the assortment of weapons but they were functional at least.
Quite nervous that he would not be able to leave today after all, he hurried to the Division of Wardrobe Affairs to outfit himself for his new role and thankfully arrived after the Refreshment Period.  He stared glumly at the bundle of clothing, knowing it looked like it was supposed to but that the material and craftsmanship would not hold up if he encountered any weather that was not sunny and warm.  The middle-aged clerk watched his reaction carefully, with a slight sneer on his face, saying as he saw Aido’s dismay, “don’t blame me, we have limited time to make the stuff and whoever bought the material got a great deal on it, but I wouldn’t use it for rags, but it ain’t my fault.”  
Aido sighed again and left with his allocation of lousy clothes.  Finally, with the sun low on the horizon, he returned to his nondescript horse to pack and be gone, but it took him another half hour to figure out which of the eight sorrel geldings in the loading area was his.  When he finally identified the beast, he almost turned right around and demanded his old job back, for there was a parking ticket tucked into the creature’s bridle.  He glanced at the sign, thirty minute parking indeed!  He loaded the saddlebags and swung into the saddle.  With a grim smile, he crumpled up the fine and tossed it over his shoulder and then urged his horse to a trot before anything else could delay him.
He stood outside the Edifice of Monetary Exchange and wanted to scream.  He needed to make a withdrawal from the Department’s account to finance his journey but the facility was closed and would not open again for three days, as it was an Obscure Holiday Weekend (Foot Fungus Awareness Day).  Aido could not wait that long or his superiors would demand to know why he was so inefficient in his duties.  He had no choice but to hope there was a branch Edifice in one of the villages through which he would undoubtedly pass.  He turned his mediocre beast and made his way out of the city.  Darkness had fallen, forcing him to pull over for the night.  He glanced about hopefully, but there was no sign of either an Approved Nocturnal Repose Sight or a House of Temporary Accommodation for Wayfarers.  He could get in trouble for camping in an unapproved fashion but it was a risk he would have to take, and with the mood he was in, he was quite ready to defy any and every regulation he could think of.  He even built a fire without a permit from the Incendiary Activity Coordinator and used wood without asking leave of the Arboreal Comptroller.  The cheery blaze revealed a sardonic smile on the face of the Investigator as he rethought the day and began to wonder at his previous eagerness for this assignment.
He had always been as much a stickler for the rules as any petty bureaucrat could be, but after all the headache and frustration of the day, he began to wonder at his previous zeal for such stipulations.  With these uneasy thoughts on his mind, he turned over and tried to sleep in as unregulated a fashion as possible.  The birds awoke far earlier than any sensible regulatory body or department could fathom, a challenge the Avian Affairs Agency was still trying to bring under control, but the small, feathered fiends just would not submit to their authority though fines and imprisonment had all been tried, alas to no avail.  Aido was glad there was something in the Universe that had as yet defied regulation and even more grateful that he would be up and on his way long before the lackeys of the Thoroughfare Safety and Compliance Administration were abroad.  His more sensible side began to regret his rashness with the parking ticket, but another part of him laughed mercilessly at the part that fretted over such a trifling matter.  He gathered up his gear, mounted his horse, and continued on his way.
It was just the sort of day to prolong the usefulness of his standard issue substandard clothing and his heart rejoiced in the beauty of the morning, quite insensible that he was violating at least nine subparagraphs of the Modern Aesthetic Code, which frowned upon such natural splendor and the enjoyment thereof, rather preferring the appreciation of the far more grotesque and grim (not to mention more financially lucrative) products of the modern writers, musicians, and painters.  But what did this mere underling know of High Culture and the Finer Things of Life?  He rode along amongst the bucolic charm all about him, content in his ignorance.  The plain old horse jogged along indifferent to the countryside about him, and therefore quite obviously a lover of Fine Things and of a higher social order than his master.  They came to a sizable market town that afternoon and Aido hoped to make a successful withdrawal from his work account to finance the remainder of his mission, else the paperwork to obtain a reimbursement of his expenditures would take the rest of his mortal days to accomplish.
He stopped before the newest and ugliest building in town, certain that it must be what he sought.  It was, but like every other public institution, it was also closed in observance of an Official Obscure Holiday Weekend.  Apparently his work related expenditures would have to be passed on to his children as an inheritance as he would not live long enough to be reimbursed.  He sighed and urged the beast out of town before he started screaming in frustration and risked being locked away as a lunatic or a disturber of the peace.  Aido rode on for another hour before stopping alongside a happy creek, where he decided to take a break from his saddle and water his highly efficient mode of transportation.  He mused upon his assignment and its futility as he leaned on the bridge railing and watched the gladsome water frolic in its stony channel beneath him.  He wished his life could be as happy and careless as that unceasing flow.  Another day of riding would bring him to his destination, perhaps his previous enthusiasm would then return once he was truly doing what he had always dreamt of doing one day and for which he had spent his entire life preparing.  With a heavy sigh he climbed back into his saddle, knowing chances were very good that only his loathing would grow in the days to come, for his heart had grown cold towards his first and only love.  He rode on, wondering what he was riding towards or perhaps more correctly what he was trying to escape.
He passed through several small villages while the day lasted, each with its own Regulation Stopping Places but he ignored them and rode on, enjoying the illicit thrill of thwarting the over-regulation under which he had happily toiled his entire life.  Thankfully it was a Holiday Weekend, else he might not have made it through the first village without being apprehended by the local constabulary for his various, heinous crimes against humanity and the world in general, to say nothing about the discarded traffic citation.  He rode on through more and more villages, each more forgettable than the last, laid out in the precise pattern required by the Zoning Commission of Outlying Settlements.  He camped again in an unregulated fashion before rising on the Official Obscure Holiday and rode into Happytown in time for the Midday Ingestion Break.  He glanced around uneagerly at yet another cookie cutter village and sighed, but he had work to do.  He entered the Requisite Lodging and Nourishment Establishment for Transients, the only place open on an Official Obscure Holiday, and allowed the flighty teenaged hostess to seat him in the nearly empty common dining area and acknowledged that he would gladly consume the Daily Balanced and Nutritious Repast.  She returned with the unassuming concoction in a bowl and set a mug of some viscous purplish-green liquid before him that smelled of aged turnips and old socks, which immediately killed what little appetite he had.
As he was staring balefully at his inedible Repast, a man with a knowing look in his eyes seated himself beside the Investigator and smiled superciliously at him.  Said the newcomer without preamble, “you work for the Feds don’t you.”  It was not a question.  
Aido looked up in surprise but did not deny it, saying, “what gave me away?”  
The man’s smile became condescending, “anyone dressed in cloth of that poor a make must either be destitute or a government employee.”  He laughed in derision, “my brother is a fabric merchant and makes a handsome living by selling such pathetic material by the square acre to lackeys in the Department of Acquisition and Distribution of Necessary Consumables.  He makes more per yard from that flimsy stuff than he does selling the finest material available to the Great Lords.”  
Aido smiled ironically, “that does not surprise me in the least.”  
Said the stranger, “so what are you doing here?  Obviously you are here on Official Unofficial Business else you’d be in a Right and Proper Uniform.”  
Said Aido warmly, “I am here to discover if any Heroes might be budding in Happytown.  Certain of the Prophecies hint at just such an Occurrence in the very near future.”  
The man laughed, “trying to thwart Prophecy again, are they?  Will you people ever realize there are just some things government cannot control?”
Aido stared at his regulation soup in dismay, “that I highly doubt.”  
Said the man eagerly, “so just what happens if you discover said Hero?”  
Aido said dryly, “we offer him a great government job.  If he declines that, then he gets to attend Mandatory Reeducation Sessions for the Socially Dysfunctional and will inevitably end up committing suicide, excuse me, I mean he will choose Elective Self Annihilation.”  
“Lovely,” said his companion, “you people have a title for everything!”  
Aido smiled wryly, “the Department of Nomenclature is the biggest division of the government.”  He glanced around furtively and said, “I would rather get out of this line of work.  The sooner the better.”  
The stranger brightened, “with that I may be of assistance.”  He continued with an amused smile, “are you aware that you are a fugitive?”  
Aido frowned, “I was not aware that it was Official, but it would not surprise me, though it is an Obscure Holiday.  The parking fine?”  
The stranger laughed, “you didn’t?!”  
Aido caught his amusement and nodded, “I carelessly tossed it aside.”  He then whispered, “among other vicious crimes.”  
The stranger smiled deeply, “then I will gladly aid your disappearance.  We criminals must stick together.  Come!”  They stood silently, heartlessly leaving the inedible fodder on the table and a less than standard tip for the Hostess.
As they walked inconspicuously down the street, Aido noticed several posters bearing his face and emblazoned with directions for his immediate apprehension.  They continued their steady, unhurried progress (so as not to draw attention) and turned down a smaller lane that apparently vanished into the neatly managed coppice behind the village.  Eventually the Regulation Side Path crossed the threshold into the Unregulated and Semi-wild Wooded Area and became as unmanaged as the forest through which it wound.  They continued on in silence for nearly an hour, and only when they felt themselves truly alone and unobserved did the stranger finally speak, “so what has prompted your flight from Order my friend?”  
Aido laughed, “I set out with every good intention of fulfilling my orders but it seemed at every turn there was a governmentally imposed hindrance to me accomplishing my task or even surviving for an hour without unneeded frustration and complication.  That and the ride out here gave me plenty of time to consider life and the lack of meaning therein.”  
The stranger smiled broadly, “welcome to the first day of a purposeful life my friend.  I am called Gunyon and am a member of the Freemen for Commonsense.”  
Aido grinned, “that sounds like something birthed in the Department of Nomenclature.”  
Gunyon laughed, “it was, we social rebels had not yet got around to naming our pathetic little society and the guys over at Nomenclature could not abide having such an as yet unnamed group running at large so they came up with a name for us.”
“Just what does this society of yours do?” asked Aido as they trekked deeper into the confines of the wood.  
Gunyon shrugged, “we really haven’t accomplished much of anything yet.  We started only a few months ago as a small group of annoyed citizens who occasionally met to grouse about too much Order over Tea.  Of course our Tea Time was not considered the Official Hour for Consuming Brewed Beverages so the authorities soon started to take notice.  We each received a rather nasty letter, in triplicate of course, indicating that we had best mend our ways or there would be Dire Consequences.”  
“What did you do?” asked Aido, both amused and aghast.  
Gunyon smiled, “we went underground of course.  On the outside we are just monotonous citizens but when no one is looking...” he paused for effect, “we each of us are rather disorderly and unique.”  
“Your crimes far outweigh mine, sir,” said Aido with a respectful bow.  
Gunyon smiled in anticipation, “but you have hardly begun to rebel my friend.  I think you could make quite a career of it.”  For the first time since he left his old life behind, Aido felt the first stirrings of eagerness and what he was startled to realize must be hope.
Once Aido was completely confused as to direction and the hour, they stood outside an old fashioned but well tended cottage with only a few unofficial weeds daring to show their leaves in the otherwise regulation vegetable patch.  Aido said in appreciation, “how do you get away with keeping up such a residence?”  
Gunyon smiled, “the Inspectors for the Regulatory Authority of Domiciles and Outbuildings are loath to travel this far off the beaten path to make sure my house is up to code.  I don’t tell them anything and they don’t ask; it is a mutually beneficial relationship.”  They stabled the horse in an old lean-to that had once housed a cow, but Gunyon had not bothered to go through the rigmarole required to acquire a new one after the decease of his previous beast.  They entered the cottage and Gunyon’s wife happily served them a brewed beverage outside the requisite hours.  As they sipped their tea, they discussed many things and Aido felt himself enjoying life and real companionship for the first time in living memory.  
“So what about this Hero of yours?” asked Gunyon as he munched on his fifteenth cucumber sandwich.  
Aido said with a mouthful of cookie, “what about him?”  
Gunyon said, “what makes The Powers That Be think one is like to rise from such a place as Happytown?”  
Aido swallowed his cookie and said, “the name alone would suffice, but there are certain vague writings from an extinct people group native to the very south of the world that suggests as much, but as I said, the Prophecy is vague and it could be any of ten or twenty different villages and this may not even be the Appointed Time.  That is the problem with Prophecy, it is often rather vague and fulfills itself often without us knowing until long after the fact.  But just to be on the safe side, they are taking all precautions.”  
“How do you go about finding a Hero?” asked Gunyon with a smile.  
Aido chewed thoughtfully for a moment and then replied, “we will of course monitor all known widows with only sons, step-families containing an ill-tempered woman, orphans raised by obscure or cruel relatives, and anyone who has ever found a child of unknown pedigree on their doorstep.  Of course the current management strategy for all such High Risk Families has been implemented to prevent just such an occurrence.  None of these Families at High Risk of Hero Production or Prophecy Fulfillment are left to go hungry, become poor, or otherwise grow discontent with their lot in life.  If there is no discontent or need, or so the theory goes, there is unlikely to be a Hero produced or a Prophecy fulfilled.”
“An interesting theory,” said Gunyon as he chewed, “has it worked?”  
Aido shrugged his shoulders, “before my promotion to Investigator I worked mostly in the Laboratory of Statistics and Numerical Data which compiles numbers on Everything, even on things that have no numerical data, but there was very little convincing evidence that any of their preventive protocols either helped or hindered Prophecy/Hero attainment.  In reality, such occurrences are so rare that it would take a millennium to get enough data to even begin calculating whether their programs are effective or not.  Of course, no one really cares if a bureaucracy is effective so long as it seems to be doing something.”  
Gunyon chewed on this revelation and another sandwich, before saying, “can we improvise our own Hero?”  
Aido sat back and said thoughtfully, “it certainly isn’t done that way, at least if you are going by the Book, but I am so tired of ‘The Book of All Regulations Pertaining to Decent and Orderly Civilian Life’ that I think we should, just to spite them all!”  
Gunyon nodded, “very well, we will.”
They stayed up much of the night (quite against the Treaty on Reasonable and Necessary Nocturnal Activities) discussing their plans to implement a Hero and/or fulfill a Prophecy.  As they made up their lists, discussed necessary attributes, and inventoried equipment, Aido said in surprise, “it seems my training to prevent Hero actualization has actually equipped me with all of the requisite skills.”  
Gunyon smiled, “and out of Happytown a Hero shall arise.  Prophecy fulfilled!  Excellent!  Now all we need is a ragtag band of followers and we shall be ready to shake the Pillars of Order.”  
Aido said hopefully, “your company of so-called Freemen?”  
Gunyon shook his head, “a few might be interested or willing to assist in our caper, but we need the seediest, most scandalous, and underrated band of cutthroats this world can supply.”  
Aido nodded, “ah, you suggest a raid on the Facility for the Containment of Socially Awkward Individuals.”  Gunyon smiled in anticipation of what was to come.


In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’

There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.


