Shadows Fall
Susan Skylark

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2015 Susan Skylark
Revised 2018

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


A Brief Note on Reading Order for the ‘Chronicles of the Brethren:’ you may pick up any book in the series and begin reading, but for maximum enjoyment, it is suggested by the author to begin with ‘The Serpent and the Unicorn’ and then read the ‘In Shadow’ series in order, this is the third book of the series.  “The Shadow of the Unicorn” is the first book in the series and should be read first, followed by “To Shadow Bound”.

Table of Contents:

Blight:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8

Assassin:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8

Sword:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10

Excerpt from ‘Captain of Shadow’
Other books, website, etc.
In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea (excerpt from ‘Of Tea...and Things)
Sample Story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away’
Excerpt from ‘The Greylands: Volume III’
Excerpt from ‘The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV




Blight:




1

“I must return home Lady,” said the distraught apprentice only a day after his Oathtaking, “I fled under the most disgraceful of circumstances, abandoning my father to toil alone on that blighted farm, and I feel I must return and make my peace with him before I can fully enter into my service with the Brethren.”
“Very well,” said the Lady of Astoria, “you have my leave to go to your father, settle your affairs as you must, and then return to us.  May the Master ride with you, Alec.”
He beamed at her, “thank you, my Lady, I knew you would understand.  At worst he’ll set me to work hoeing beans, from which I might need rescue, but I know I must do this thing, else I’ll never be easy in my own heart.”  He bowed deeply, smiled brightly, and withdrew; she would never see him again.  A raven, perched on the battlements, watched the boy ride off with a keen eye and then flapped off with a triumphant cry.

Girth the Pig Lord, as he had taken to calling himself though his swine herd now consisted solely of an aged sow, sat out front of his collapsing abode and drank to his own health and prosperity, imbibing a generous mouthful of his neighbor’s homebrew and gazing upon his bean field, overrun with weeds, with a genial indifference he thought befitted a generous monarch, for of a truth, that is what he considered himself.  Ever since his worthless son and ungrateful hired hands had vanished like dew in the sunshine, he had not the heart to go on with his daily toil, but rather traded a pig for a barrel of the awful liquor brewed by his neighbor and now drank the stuff by the jug; swapping another pig for more of the vitriolic substance as needed.  If it did not keep food on the table or improve his lot in life, at least it numbed his sensibilities to the point that he thought his circumstances were not all that regrettable.  Thus he sat, morning and evening, day after day as his beans ran to ruin, his pigs dwindled, and so did he.  
“Is this all you have to show for your efforts?” came a mocking voice.
Girth looked up in annoyance at an overly bold raven perched on the hut’s crazily slanting roof; what business did the creature have in berating a man surviving the best he could in a cruel and bitter world?  “Be gone!” huffed he, “I know my business and it’s best you kept to yours.  Off with ya!”
“So you’re just going to sit there until you molder into nothing like your forsaken pig shed?” scoffed the bird.
Girth looked disconsolately at the shed, which had collapsed in on itself a fortnight prior, its sole occupant had no choice but to live outside, not that inside had been much of an improvement anyway, but now she had no choice in the matter at all.  Was it his fault the structure hadn’t lasted more than fifty years?  It wasn’t like he knew anything about patching a roof and he might have fallen off the ladder and hurt himself.  He growled at the bird, “what do you want, besides to lecture a man fallen on hard times through no fault of his own?”
“Indeed,” laughed the bird, “I have come to make you an offer.”
It was the man’s turn to scoff, “what can you have to offer me?”
“Whatever you want,” said the raven, “for though humble in appearance, in truth, I am lord of this wretched sphere.”
“Just like them fairy tales my worthless son used to read,” said Girth thoughtfully, “what can it hurt?  Very well, Prince Birdy, I want to be rich, famous, and have the power to revenge myself on all those who have wronged me.”
“Certainly,” said the bird, “but it cannot be achieved without a price?”
“Now hold on there finchy,” snarled Girth, “you said nothin’ of cost!  You can’t have my last pig, if that’s what yer thinkin’.”
“I don’t want your putrid swine,” sneered the raven.
“That’s alright then,” said Girth, warming anew, “I ain’t got nothin’ else of value.  Give me what I want and all else I have is yers for the askin’.”
“Lovely,” said the bird, “I shall return shortly.  When your son arrives, ask him to stay for tea.”  He eyed the appalling brew with disdain and said, “or whatever you have to hand will suffice.”
Girth snarled, “that wretched boy is coming here?!”
The raven nodded, “and is vital to our plans.  If you chase him off, all is lost.  Pretend to be civilized until I return.”
Girth noisily released a painful build up of abdominal gas and said with a grimace, “very well, you’re not the only one that can be all decent and well-mannered, ya over grown sparrow!  Don’t be long, I don’t know how long I can stomach the lad.”  With a mocking cry, the raven winged off even as Alec topped a distant hill and looked down on the ruin of what once had been his home, not that it had ever been what one might call pleasant; his father must be in far more dire straits than he had at first assumed.  Digging in his heels, he cantered down the hill, eager to be reconciled to his father.

“Hag!” came the harsh cry from the kitchen.
The hunched old woman hastened into the front of the house, ready to give so impertinent an intruder the fright of his life; it was very unwise to so disturb a witch!  But the raven perched upon the windowsill, staring at her with far too keen eyes, was no rude simpleton but rather a creature before whom all mortals must tremble.  Quaked she, “yes, milord?”
“There is a small duty to which you must attend,” croaked the creature, “come!”  She donned her cloak and hastened after the bird, as he flapped off into the woods.  After an interminable walk, she emerged into a small clearing from which came a piteous cry.  “Here,” ordered the raven.  She hastened to him across the glade, from whence came the hopeless keening.  She lurched back in horror as a scrawny wolf lunged at her, his eyes full of malice and pain and confusion; the raven laughed her to scorn and mocked, “the brute cannot get far, he is caught in a trap, you see.  He is also mad, so if you value your own life, see that he does not bite you.  Take your knife and draw blood from the creature.”
She stared at the lupine horror and then at her avian persecutor and back again, wondering if she would rather not deal with the ravening wolf, it was certainly less dangerous.  Knowing better than to question or argue, she used what spells she could to calm the ferocious and desperate beast, but all to no avail.  In the end, she bloodied the wolf and it her.  She glared at the mocking bird, “now I too will succumb to its madness!”
“What is that to me?” hissed the bird, “Now come, your task is not yet complete.”  She shuddered but followed after in grim silence.  Next she was told to enter an abandoned house, half collapsed with neglect and age, wherein she was instructed to find a great spider.  She found just such a specimen, getting bit for her trouble, but she crushed the disgusting creature and smeared the greenish ooze upon the dagger, still red with the wolf’s blood.  With another shudder, she exited the dilapidated house and silently followed the raven back into the deepening dusk.
After walking all night, they emerged into a hilly country of scattered trees and wandering streams; it was a pleasant land but seemed thoroughly unpeopled, but not quite.  A little farmstead, in worse condition than the house she had recently vacated, sprawled below them as they crested a small rise.  “That is a mess,” said she in dismay.
The raven laughed darkly, “wait until you see the creature that lurks therein; it will make the wolf seem urbane.”  She caught his cruel mirth and hastened down the hill, eager to be done with the whole debacle, but also morbidly curious as to what the Fiend intended.
“It is about time,” snarled the man at the raven as it settled on an old stump beside the ramshackle hut.  The woman shivered in dismay, waiting for the Fiend to destroy the insolent man, but he only smiled derisively at the repulsive creature.  A boy standing just inside the doorway watched the scene with a frown; the woman’s smile deepened as she took in his uniform and its significance.
Smiled she, “where are your manners sir?  To keep a lady standing outside in this wind is the epitome of rudeness!”
The boy blanched, “forgive us madam, we had not expected any visitors, but that is no excuse.  Please, come in.”  
She smiled grimly, “aye lad, that I will.”  Just like one of the Brethren!  They all went in, shutting the door firmly behind them.  That night a raven winged off into the darkness with a raucous cry of triumph while a wail broke the night, as piteous as the wolf’s cry but tinged with a fury this world could ill-contain.  Some hours later, a great, hulking shadow lumbered off into the wan grey mists of dawn, whimpering, snarling, and mumbling incomprehensibly to itself.

Jace stood before the Lady of Astoria as she told a curious tale, “Alec came to me a month ago, asking leave to visit his father and reconcile their differences, but he has not been seen or heard from since.  His father does not live far from here, so it is not distance that delays him.  He said he might need rescue if his father put him to work hoeing beans, but I thought he was in jest.  Go find him, rescue him if you must.”
“Beans, my Lady?” said Jace with a frown.
She nodded, “why the odd look?”
Jace smiled sheepishly, “pigs and beans once held a significance for me.  I begin to wonder if I actually know the boy’s father.”  She gave him directions to the farm and he nodded, “that’s the place.  It will be interesting to see how old Girth is getting on.”  
He bowed deeply and made to leave but she stopped him with a question, “how are you getting on without Cieren?”
Jace smiled ruefully, “I miss him, but it is certainly time for him to be off on his own.”  He laughed, “to think I once balked at the very idea of an apprentice, now I’m not quite sure what to do without one!  But I shall adjust, Lady, fear not.”  He bowed again and slipped away ere the tears betrayed him.  This would be his first assignment without his former apprentice and he was feeling it keenly.  He mounted his unicorn and rode off into the mounting day, the creature reassuring him that he was not so truly alone as he felt.  He patted the great neck affectionately and knew the beloved creature had the right of it.  With a rising eagerness, they pressed on, but it was anything but eagerness that led them into the dell wherein Girth had once dwelt.
There were only weeds in what should have been a bean field while the farmstead itself had the feel of a place long abandoned.  The pig shed had collapsed and the house was on the brink of doing likewise.  Nothing stirred, save the grass in the wind, but a palpable evil hung about the place.  Feeling as if he was desecrating a tomb, Jace tentatively pushed open the cottage door, hand on his sword hilt.  He gasped in dismay and horror at what he saw, hastily withdrawing to take a closer look at the farmstead while he thought through the terrifying possibilities.  Beside the pig shed, he found the remains of both a horse and a pig in a similar state to those in the collapsing hovel: a shriveled husk of dried skin pulled taut over bone, as if some great spider had sucked the very life and fluid right out of them.  The remains of a woman and a boy in an apprentice’s uniform lay in the cottage; he shuddered to think what this might mean.  The place reeked of blood magic, so anything was possible.
He saw to the remains of his slain comrade and the mysterious woman and then followed a faint but obvious trail of evil, felt rather than seen, which the unicorn sensed even more keenly than Jace.  For a day and a night they followed the trail, an obvious mar and desecration upon the very face of creation, coming at last to the creature’s lair.  The unicorn screamed his unease and fury at such a desecration of the created order while Jace shivered, sensing an evil here that was both unnatural and tainted with madness.  Drawing his sword, he climbed down into a great hole in the earth, dug by monstrous claws.  The unicorn stood at the top and whinnied mournfully as his master vanished into the depths of the earth.
There were several chambers, some empty and others containing silk wrapped bundles like flies enmeshed in a spider’s web, but these were men rather than insects.  He knelt beside one such individual and breathed a sigh of relief to find that he lived still.  He checked two others and frowned, all were alive and apparently healthy, save for their insensible state.  What did the fell creature live on, if not flesh and blood?  “Nightmares!” grated a horrid voice behind him.
Jace was on his feet in a moment, sword in hand, but there was nothing there.  He frowned, his strange eyes piercing the very depths of the darkness; the monster had been there but a moment before.  He felt something behind him and turned again, catching a brief glimpse of a giant, spiderish form with a wolf’s head and teeth, glowing an eerie green from within, but it moved so fast it was lost to sight before he could act against it.  He foolishly dashed after it into the depths of the cave, only realizing too late that he was playing directly into its claws.  He heard it laugh, “you are an interesting little morsel, you will not decay like these others, but will live on to nourish me forever!”  He felt the bite of fangs in his shoulder as the light within him stirred and then went out even as he fell into darkness.  Outside a unicorn screamed in horror and dismay, as the creature bound its victim in silk and deposited him in the far corner of its lair, perhaps for all time.


2

Jace blinked at the dark mist about him, something was wrong, but he could not say exactly what; he shook his head but could not clear his thoughts enough to concentrate.  There was more, something more, but at the moment he could not say what nor did he care.  He blinked again and found himself falling, falling, forever falling.  It was the Abyss, it had no bottom, he would fall forever and none but himself would know it.  He frowned, it had not always been this way, had it?  Yes, it had, insisted some feeling he could not name or identify.  He nodded dazedly, as an overly tired child, and resigned himself to an eternity of darkness.  But his eyes opened and suddenly he was lying on a couch, his leg in a cast and a cheery fire on the hearth.  He smiled wryly, what a dream!  Of course he was not in the Abyss; he wasn’t dead, yet.  He had fallen into a gorge and broken his leg, that was all.
He picked up one of the numerous books that lay piled within his reach, he frowned at the mathematical text, wondering why it seemed strangely significant yet at the same time wondering who would put such a dull book among those given him to read during his convalescence?  Casting it aside, he turned to a book of history and lost himself therein.  Adan and the others came to visit him, but he was sulky and wanted no part in them, especially Adan, this was all his fault after all!  Why did he have to go join the Brethren, a thing in which Jace could never have a part?  The Lady had said so herself, Jace frowned, she had, hadn’t she?  But that unnamed sensation, a voice without a voice, soothed his consternation and he blithely followed whither it led.  He grew more and more sulky, lying on that couch for weeks on end with nothing to do but pour over old books and listen to witless men prattle on about things that made no sense!
His friends and family came to see him less and less, his grim demeanor driving them away; good riddance!  The other Students forgot about him and everyone else moved on with their lives, leaving Jace alone, so alone!  He wasn’t part of anything any more.  Ella said she had found someone else, Jay smirked knowingly, and then he never saw either of them again.  His sister was so incensed by his rudeness and ceaseless whining that she refused to visit him and Adan he drove off with threats of violence or worse, the fool had abandoned him for the Brethren; Jace wasn’t about to let Adan console his conscience at his expense.  No, in shadows and darkness was where he belonged; it was all he loved or needed.
At last his leg healed and he could rise from his couch.  He rose, and as soon as his strength returned, he fled Astoria.  The Lady watched him go, hating to lose so promising a student, but so much did he brood and complain of the harshness and unfairness of life, that it was something of a relief.  He hated life, hated himself, hated the Brethren and all they stood for most of all.  He would have his revenge.  Some deep part of him asked, ‘revenge for what?’ but again he was soothed into blissful oblivion by a song without melody.  He was alone in the world, a nameless wanderer without a home or friend to call his own.  He wandered for countless days, was hungry most of the time, and often suffered the indifference or hostility of strangers.  He fell in with men as desperate and lost as himself, preying upon those that were weaker than themselves or happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.  It did not matter, they were the predators and took what was theirs by right, what others had denied them or would not give willingly; they were only trying to survive.  Again, Jace’s heart bewailed this grim reality, but a dark mist shrouded it in silence and life continued on.
He was fed, most of the time at least, but he was still discontent.  He wanted something else, something more.  The darkness beckoned and he heeded it with a morbid joy; the light had nothing to offer, perhaps the shadows did.  Through blood and darkness, evil and death he walked, growing more and more powerful but loathing himself the more for it.  He had everything, except hope.  ‘Yes!’ cried the deepest part of his soul, but a shadow engulfed it once more in silence.  Who needed hope when one had power?  But power is a fickle thing and does not last, especially when life grows difficult and darkness looms on the horizon.  When doom fell upon him, he had nowhere to turn, nothing to fall back upon, but the darkness, and it consumed him utterly.
He was a wraith, a being of shadow without a name or home, only a lust for blood and death.  His stricken soul cried out within him, had he not once fought creatures such as this?  Was this tale not a lie?  But a fog crept in and silenced the outrage, leaving only a dull silence, as is proper for a wraith without even a name.

Baye heard the unicorn’s awful cry ringing in his mind and wondered which of his comrades had met a bitter end; his heart clenched as the man’s name rang in his mind.  Without further thought, he turned his own mount and raced in pursuit, wondering what fell fate could have befallen a Shadow to so upset his unicorn.  Smiling grimly, he mused that with Jace, it would undoubtedly be strange indeed.  As they had been returning to Astoria, the place was not far; he had even wondered if he should pursue the rumors of a fell beast in the forests thereabouts: the Blight of the Wildwood.  Many of the folk in the vicinity had mysteriously disappeared, taken from their beds as they slept with none the wiser as to their fate, while those who had ventured after the creature or its victims had never returned to tell the tale.  Gripping his sword, he set himself to confront something dreadful.
Jace’s unicorn met him on the brink of the great hole in which the monster laired.  He said he could yet feel Jace within, but could not waken him; it felt as if his mind wandered in a dark and endless fog.  Baye nodded, assured the creature that he would retrieve the boy, and then gazed down into the pit, wondering how best to assault the beast in its own lair.  The answer was quite simple: he put a hand to his head, feeling slightly dizzy, and then fell senseless into the cave.  The creature found him there, a thing of flesh and blood but with no mind upon which it might prey, a pity, for it was of the same stock as that other that would feed it forever and never die or need to be replaced.  He lay the body aside, knowing it was best to sate himself on the nightmares induced by his awful poison rather than to glut himself on flesh and blood, but bad dreams were far from satisfying, no matter how nourishing, when his own flesh lusted after just that.  His own half-mad mind soon forgot about the senseless creature, but not so his stomach, which had not had satisfaction since the night of his horrid transformation.

Baye felt the light stirring within himself and knew his Master was up to something, the next moment his physical shell plummeted into the pit while his mind or spirit or whatever it was, was drawn inexorably into a dark and twisted dream.  He smiled grimly, knowing he walked the corridors of Jace’s mind, knowing he must find the boy and free him from this prison of his own dreams, wrought by a deadly poison.  He walked in a dark wood on a winter’s night with no moon or star to cheer the way.  Hissed a wretched voice, “you walk the paths of death, fool.”
Baye frowned at the darkness, sensing a wraith lurking in the deeper shadows, “Jace?”
The creature cursed, “I have no name!  The world has forgotten me and I the world.”
Baye shook his head, “come out of the shadows lad, you are not forgotten nor forsaken.”
“You and your inane babble!” snarled the shade, “You know nothing of the darkness, nor of pain or loneliness or misery.  You are one of THEM aren’t you, those wretched creatures who claim to know the truth and dare to say it sets them free!  Those who cast me out and left me to rot in this wretched form!”
Baye said in his firmest angry mentor voice, “enough!”
Something within that wretched shade suddenly shuddered at that tone, knowing that voice and fearing to anger it further, whimpered he, “who are you?”
Baye said gently, “do you not know?”
The creature huddled deeper into the shadows, “one of my betrayers no doubt, who turned away from me when I needed you most.”
Baye frowned, “what?!”
The wraith drew itself up and wailed, “the Brethren would not have me!  I had no place among the Students or even civilized men.  I have done terrible things, trying to fill the void that is my heart!  Now look at me, I am naught but a shadow.”
“Lies,” said Baye quietly, “all lies.  Do you not know what and who you are?  You have triumphed over grimmer shadows than this, lad.  Remember, it was once said to you that you are never forsaken nor forgotten.  That is why I am come.  Abandon the darkness; return to the light!”
Snarled the shade, “the Master has forsaken me and I shall turn my back on Him!”
“Nay lad,” said Baye with a patient smile, “we may run from Him but He ever pursues.  Now take my hand.”
The wraith loomed out of the darkness, “yes, your hand, and your entire being!  I will gorge myself on your life force, that at least is a service you can render me.”
“Jace!” snapped Baye in his disgruntled mentor voice.
“Sir?!” gasped the confounded shade.  It blinked in confusion, “Sir?  I was cast out by the Brethren, never became a Shadow...”  Frowned he, “how do I know of the Shadow?  This is all nonsense!”  He smiled and suddenly he was a simple boy again.  He ran to his friend and embraced him joyously, “I am an idiot.”
Baye chuckled, “nay lad, this fiend possesses a strong poison that twists your dreams and realities into a dark echo and you lost yourself therein; it reeks of madness, this beast, which can only twist the mind further.”
Jace frowned, “where are we?”
Baye laughed, “inside your head.”
Jace shook said head ruefully, “why can’t I have a normal adventure for once?  What is wrong with rescuing a princess or bringing a bandit gang to justice?”
“You’re a Shadow lad,” said Baye with a grin, “that isn’t in our job description.”
“How do we get out of here?” asked Jace in concern, “I can’t seem to wake up.”
Baye’s eyes seemed distant, as if he looked upon a far shore no one else could see, but an eager smile grew on his face as he returned to the present, “our grim host will soon set us free; destroying himself in his own greed.”  Jace frowned, and Baye said, “don’t forget the Widow, lad.”  Jace shuddered but an eager smile sprang forth to match Baye’s own.
The creature could not help itself, it really couldn’t, it needed flesh and blood, just a little; a little could not hurt, certainly, it wasn’t as if the fool would ever provide him sustenance by any other means, so it was just as well.  It took a small bite of that forbidden flesh, what little it had of a rational mind protesting all the while, and immediately began writhing in agony, legs flailing in all directions, as it collapsed in on itself.
Baye gave Jace a broad smile as he felt himself being pulled back to his physical shell, said he, “I’ll wake you in a moment lad.”  Then he was gone, but he had no need to waken the boy, only loose him from the webs that still bound him, for upon the fiend’s demise, he wakened of his own accord.  The same could not be said for its mortal victims, which lingered on in darkness and evil dreams.  It took most of the afternoon for them to find all of the webbed prisoners and then send them back to wherever it was they had come from, the light cleansing the poison from their beings and restoring life and a sound mind as they miraculously awoke from their disquiet sleep, safe at home.
The last captive freed, Baye turned to Jace and asked, “ready to be on your way?”
Jace shivered, “the sooner the better!  I never was fond of spiders, after this, ugh!”
Baye grinned slightly but said in concern, “how are you faring?  Those dreams could not have been an easy thing to endure, nor are you yet free of the brute’s poison.”
Jace smiled wryly, “I’m fine, I’ve endured far worse, as to his poison, I think it was inactivated the moment he succumbed to his own greed.”
Baye frowned, “are you certain?”  He held out a glowing hand, “perhaps we should be sure.”
Jace held up his own hands and said defensively, “I’m fine, really.”
Baye nodded, “if you say so.”
They climbed out of the pit only to find a horde of wraiths surrounding them, crying out in dismay at such a desecration of their esteemed master’s power and demanding recompense.  Baye’s person began to glow warningly, “quiet, fiends!”
Jace cried out in terror, “no!  I must get away from that awful light!  My brothers!”  His wail died away with distance as a shadow with glowing eyes fled after the retreating wraiths. 
Baye gaped in horror, ready to pursue, but he felt an immediate check in his spirit, quite disheartened, he glanced about morosely hoping for some answer.  A magpie sat in a nearby bush and chirruped reassuringly.  Tears sparkled unshed in the man’s eyes, “has he betrayed you, Lord?  Does the Abyss gape before him?”
“Easy child,” said He, “his heart is still Mine, though his mind knows it not.  The monster’s poison drives him mad.  I cannot condemn a madman for his madness any more than you would blame a leper for his spots.  My Enemy is about to learn that when one plays with fire, one is apt to be burned.  All will be well.  There is a purpose in this, as in all things.”
Baye bowed his head, “yes Lord, but it is difficult to stand aside and do nothing as my friend suffers.”
The little bird stared off whither the boy had fled, tears glistening in His fathomless eyes, “aye child, this I know too well, for I bear it for each of My children, some of whom shall never come home.”  With that, He vanished, leaving Baye to ponder the tremendous implications of His words, glad once more that he was a mere man and not required to bear the sorrows of the world.

The wraiths huddled in darkness, the rising sun sending faint streamers of odious light into the dim chasm in which they hid.  “That was an utter disaster,” snarled one of them, they had no names or other identifying features, each exactly the same as the others: a hopeless and bloodthirsty shadow cowering in fear and despair until the Abyss finally swallowed it whole.
“That’s what you get for trifling with the Master’s pets,” came a bitter voice.
“Can’t help it,” snarked the first, “orders are orders.”
“I suppose,” sulked the second.
They reverted to silence as the light intensified, uneasy with the deadly brilliance so close; this was not one of their preferred haunts, but it was all they could find before the imminent dawn burnt them to dust, so they huddled in the corners and waited for that awful light to fade.
“It wasn’t always like this,” mused the second wraith that had spoken.
“No,” said an uneasy shade next to him, “once we had names and lived among men.  Once we were part of life and it of us.  Now we are just shadows without names, life, or purpose.”
“That sounds like treasonous talk,” snarled the first to have broken the silence.
“It is the truth,” moaned the third.
“Truth is deadly,” snapped the first.
“I can’t live a lie,” said the second.
“Just pipe down,” hissed the first, “some of us want a little quiet.”
The chastened pair exchanged a curious glance and slunk deeper into a crevasse that opened at their feet, or rather the amorphous blobs that were supposed to be feet.  In this crack, the third wraith studied the second, not that there was anything to see, but he felt something, something he could put no name to, but it called to something deep within his own being, something that had not been stirred in many a long dark year.  “You’re different,” it hissed.
“Yes,” said the second.
“How?” asked the third.
“I don’t know,” came the perplexed reply, “but it has not always been this way.”
“You have something,” said the third.
“I do?” said the second.
“Yes,” purred the third, eagerly, “and I want it.”
“But what is it?” said the second, “How do I give it to you if I don’t even know what it is?”
“Your hand,” said the third, “give me your hand!  I will discover this thing for myself.”
The second shrugged but offered the shapeless appendage to his fellow, a glint of silver flashed unnoticed in the darkness as the third touched the second’s outstretched arm.  “Yes,” chortled the wraith, “yes, I knew there was something.  You have hope.  I want that, nay I need it!  Give it to me!”
The second blinked dully, “take it then, I do not know what you are going on about.  It has always been this way and always will be, where is the hope in that?”
“Hmmm,” said the third in wonder, “it is not a thing to be taken by force or bought at a price, rather it is a gift.  And all can partake freely thereof!  Very curious!  Why do you not share this with everyone?”
“Share what?” grumped the second, “I have nothing, I am nothing!”
“No, no!” contradicted the other, “This thing is far larger than any of us, but it beckons, oh how it calls to my very soul!  Yes, yes, I will go!  I sought it all my life, thought I had found it in this dreadful existence, but I was looking in all the wrong places, threw aside that which was most important!  What a fool, but not an utterly condemned one!  You must tell them, tell them all!”
“What are you babbling about?” groused the second, “There is nothing but darkness, always darkness.”
But there came no reply, for the third wraith glittered with a silver light and then melted away like threads of mist in the morning light.  The second blinked, “that was odd, and I’m not certain, but perhaps even a little rude!”
“What was that?” came a tentative voice, “It was something bright and shiny, nay dazzling!  I felt it, I did!  I want that too.”
The second frowned, “what are all you senseless fools babbling about, there is nothing!  Can we not just exist rather than pining after what can never be?”  Mumbling to himself he said, “it has not always been so.”
“No,” said the fourth, “once we were people, with names even.  I miss that.  But you,” said the voice eagerly, “you reek of it; it calls to me!”
The second nearly howled in frustration, “what are you going on about?”
“That’s what I want to know,” asked a fifth, squeezing into the crack, “I feel it too, whatever it is.”
“Then take my hand,” snarled the second vexedly, “it seemed to make that other one happy, if such as ourselves can ever achieve such a state.”  He sighed, “I think I was happy once, when I had a name...did I ever have a name?”
The pair eagerly took his outstretched hands, crooning in delight and wonder as things were suddenly revealed to them that were yet hidden from the mind of the perplexed second.  Each sparkled like a summer rain shower as the sun bursts through before dissipating into a warm mist.  The second shook his head, “quite uncanny, I don’t know what the fools are up to?”
“Don’t you?” pleaded another, “I felt it, the draw is intense, show me, please!”  The second sighed and held out his hand, tired of arguing.
As the day waned, the first wraith stirred, ready to marshal his troops, such as they were, into action, for night was upon them and the disheartened horde needed something to enliven and embolden them before their next assignment, a night of terror and rampage and blood was just the thing.  “Look alive you sluggards!” called the first wraith, but there came no answer.  Frowning, he cried again, “where are you!?”  But only silence answered him.
Twenty wraiths did not just up and vanish, not during broad daylight at least.  He began creeping among the scattered stones at the bottom of the crevasse, looking for some sign of either an enemy or his missing troops, but he found nothing, nothing but a slight crack in the rock.  There was nowhere else for them to have gone, he had spent the day at the far end of the chasm and the other ended in a sheer wall of stone; the sunlight walling them all in as surely as a captive in his cell.  With a shrug, he ventured into the crack, finding a sole wraith in the shadows therein.  “Where are they?” demanded the first.
“Who?” asked the oblivious second, “this is all there has ever been or will ever be.  Who are you?”
“This is ridiculous!” snarled the first, “What happened to them?  Traitor!”
The second laughed at this outburst, “what can a servant of evil be but a traitor?  No honor amongst thieves and all that, remember?”
“But you are no servant of evil,” said the first, drawing back a step in sudden fear.
“I am a wraith,” hissed the second, “have always been, will always be!  Thus I am a servant of evil.”
The first laughed harshly, “no, it is not so, no matter your guise or what you think upon the matter, in your heart of hearts, you are not one of us.  I feel it, even if you cannot.  What is it?  This thing that I suddenly yearn for above all else?  Has it a name?”
“It does,” sighed the second, “even if we do not.  The others called it hope, but I call it a delusion!  It destroyed them, it will destroy you too, then I will be all alone again.”  He laughed bitterly, “alone, always and anon, as it was meant to be.”
“You make no sense,” said the first, “I believe you quite mad, but this hope as you call it, is quite real.  Aye, and I want it.”
The second shrugged, “do as you wish, but I did warn you.”
The wraith sat alone in the darkness, always alone, always in the dark, and suddenly he was bored.  His companions...what companions?  It had not always been this way, yes!  Companions, those annoying shadows with the fiery eyes, annoying but at least he wasn’t alone.  And bored.  Oh, but he was dreadfully bored!  If he hated anything it was boredom; where had that thought come from?  But it was true.  He remembered a place, rather vaguely, but it must be better than here, anything was better than here.  He set forth immediately, before his mind betrayed him and he forgot completely what it was he had intended at the first; the other was right, he was mad!  At least if one was mad, he could not be bored, could he?  He frowned, one might not know he was bored but he certainly could not aspire to rational thought.  He laughed manically, that was verging on a rational thought!  Oh dear, what was he doing again?

The moon cast her mysterious light deep into the chamber, but the odd patterns of light and deep shadow did not trouble the servant, whose keen eyes could penetrate the depths of utter night.  What he was doing here, at this hour, was beyond his ability to comprehend, but over the years he had learned to trust the uncanny sense of urgency that he ought to do something, no matter how seemingly foolish or silly it might be; it had served him well in the last thousand years and would no doubt do so again over the next millennium.  So here he was, in the Lady’s audience chamber in the middle of the night, waiting for who knew what.  Then he saw it, a flicker of darkness in the deeper shadows; a glimmer of fiery eyes in the wan moonlight: a wraith.
Jared’s blood ran cold, wondering how the creature had gained access to this part of the castle without help; there was a traitor within the keep and he must discover whom, before dispatching the wretched creature.  Said he, “who goes?”
The shade blinked in astonishment and confusion, “goes where?”
Jared frowned at this nonsensical answer, “who are you?”
“I do not have a name,” said the thing rather dully, “or at least I don’t think I do.”
“Who let you in?” asked Jared, completely befuddled by this aberration.  He expected hostility, vain threats, or even despair, not confusion and inanity.
“I let myself in,” said the creature.
“You can’t just waltz in here of your own accord!” said Jared in growing alarm, was this some new trick of the Enemy’s?
“Walking through a wall is quite a simple matter,” said the creature, as if speaking to a dolt, “if you have the knack for it.”
“Enough,” said the Captain, holding up his right palm, a silver unicorn graven thereupon, flashing with its own light, “don’t make me force the matter.”
“Pretty,” said the wraith, as if an entranced child of five.
“So be it!” said the Captain; the thing was mad!  “Reveal!” said he with all command.
“Oh,” said the shadow in dismay, “this seems familiar,” it groaned in agony and collapsed to the floor, “and rather uncomfortable.”  An awful light burst forth and would have reduced the Captain to nothingness were he not wrought of the same stuff.  
There was something very strange going on here, which must mean Jace was at the heart of it.  The Captain knelt beside the stricken form, still glowing like steel fresh from the forge, a burst of light passing from one to the other wakened the prone figure from its faint.  He blinked up blearily into familiar, expectant eyes and smiled sheepishly, “Captain?”
Jared snorted and hauled the boy to his feet, “mind telling me what is going on?”
Jace glanced about curiously, cloaking himself in obscurity once more, said he vaguely, as if still unsure himself, “there was a spider.  And then darkness.  And now I’m here.”
He eyed the captain quizzically, “can you tell me more, sir?  I don’t remember much else.”
“You rascal!” came the astonished but joyous voice of Baye as he strode into the room, “Do you have any idea the angst you’ve caused me or the chase you’ve set me?”
Jace shook his head, “actually I do not.”  He smiled wanly, “it did involve a spider didn’t it, or perhaps a wolf?”
Baye laughed heartily as he greeted the boy warmly, “you really have no clue, do you?”  He then told the tale, astonishing Jace as much as the Captain.  “I just want to know what you were up to in the interim,” said Baye in consternation, “running off impersonating a wraith as you did!”
The moonlight faded and shadows engulfed the room, “he destroyed an entire covey of my best wraiths!” came the irate voice, “do you have any idea how long it will take to replace twenty of them?  And he can’t even have the decency just to destroy them with that wretched light, rather he tantalized them with hope, not even knowing what it was he did, and the fool things deserted me for your precious Master!  I demand recompense, boy!”
“Go lick your wounds and sulk, fiend,” came the cheery voice of the magpie, perched on the arm of the Lady’s chair, “this is what you get for meddling in things I decreed forbidden ere I wrought the stars.  Off with you!”
The raven perched upon the windowsill squawked indignantly but flew off into the night, the moonlight returning in its wake.  “You have not seen the last of him, my dear ones, but fear not,” said the chipper bird, “for I am stronger than he and ever at your side.”  He flitted off into the night, leaving the three Shadows to share a wondrous smile, ever delighting in His presence.
Baye held up a glowing hand and touched it to Jace’s shoulder, for a moment obliterating all physical trace of the lad, save a burst of blinding light.  Jace raised his eyebrows indignantly as he again took physical form, asked he, “what was that for?”  He grinned wryly, “is it not bad enough I had to endure the Captain’s order of Reveal for a third time?”
Baye grinned sheepishly, “sorry lad, but the last time I saw you, you still carried the spider’s poison and went dashing off into the woods declaring the wraiths to be your long lost brothers.  Had I known about the Captain’s interference, I would have refrained, for it would be unnecessary, but as a precaution, I thought it justified.  Only light, through and through, no taint of poison to be found.”
Jace nodded, “thank you for all your efforts on my behalf, my friend.  It was well justified.”  He frowned at the Captain, “how could that poison affect me so?”
Jared shook his head, “it is hard to say how the black sorcery of our enemies works, but I think it took a full burst of our Master’s light to burn off the vile stuff.”
“Something we gave our fellow captives,” said Jace with a thoughtful look, “but which I neglected to receive myself.”  He smiled at Baye, “will I ever learn to be sensible?”
Baye chuckled, “not while this world lasts, but perhaps in that which is to come?  Anything and everything is possible there.”
“I suppose,” said Jace with a grin, before they all succumbed to the inevitable humorous interlude, more at the joy of their reunion than for any true hilarity in the exchange.


3

Ten years prior, a little girl stood with a young boy in a dank cell, their eyes far too wide and each strangely quiet as they waited, for what they could not say.  The little boy began to cry again, in confusion and fear, but the girl shushed him though there was no pity in her heart nor did she know fear, but she did have an idea, a dreadful idea, but it just might save her life.  They had already witnessed something no mortal man should have to endure, let alone children, especially involving their own parents, but witness it they did, and then the perpetrator had carried all four of them to this horrid place and made them wait in this dark, drippy cell, coming for them one at a time; two had already walked through that door, never to be seen again, leaving only the girl and her little brother.  The dark man had scolded the other two bitterly, demanding they stop their incessant whining and mewling, as he led them through the door; it was this that had inspired the girl.
So it was she consoled her brother, not out of any sisterly affection, for she had never had any, nor love for her lost parents either, but she was certainly interested in her own survival, and being possessed of a keen mind and a very unchildlike demeanor, she had devised a plan to make herself useful to their captor, a man she found vastly intriguing, thus sparing her life and indulging her curiosity.  When the man came again and the little boy burst into tears, she said loud enough for the villain to hear, “there, there, it will be all right little one, why I am sure mama and papa await you, just beyond that door!”
The boy’s tears ceased and he turned hopeful eyes upon the girl, “really?”
“Yes,” assured the girl, “and they would like you to be brave, for you are a courageous young man, are you not?”  He nodded avidly, his thumb in his mouth, as she continued, “and they would be so proud to see you being brave.”  He nodded and she turned to the dreadful man, “would you like me to accompany you and the boy?”
The man studied the bold girl with a half smile on his lips, “you are a cunning one lass, unless I miss my guess.  Perhaps you could be useful to me in a way other than that which I had intended for you.  Of course, bring the bairn and then we’ll see what is to be done with you.”
She nodded, took the little boy’s hand, and marched with him through the door, very curious as to what the man intended for both herself and the child.  Afterwards, the man smiled thoughtfully at the girl, “you didn’t flinch, scream, or balk lass, quite impressive in a girl your age.  What do you say to becoming my assistant, eh?  You could keep the house, not too tidy mind you, and see to the cooking and all that, not to mention helping me with my work.  It would free up my time immensely that I might devote it utterly to my research rather than to the more mundane necessities of life.”
She nodded, “very well, but only if you promise to involve me in your work and not think me a simple housekeeper or mindless lackey.”
He chuckled, “you wouldn’t let me, even if I should try, lass; you don’t lack for spunk nor boldness neither!  You have yourself a deal.”  They shook hands and her ambitious smile matched his own.

A cloaked shadow followed the foolish warrior as he approached the lair of the Blight of the Wildwood; he frowned incredulously as the man stood peering into the pit one moment and the next he toppled head first into the gaping hole, as if he had been knocked senseless by an unseen foe.  Scratching his head, the man wondered what next was to be done, for he was not brave or stupid enough to enter the Blight’s den, yet he knew a man who would pay a king’s ransom for the least bit of the monster’s poison.  He sighed, sinking to the ground beside the tree behind which he had been hiding, hoping time would reveal something, else he might sit here until either he or the monster succumbed to old age.
But something did happen, he heard far too much activity going on below, for the monster was nearly silent in its movements, and then some hours later two men emerged, one the overbold warrior.  But all thought fled him as a sudden dread and horror fell upon him; it felt as if an evil fog had rolled in, dimming the light and filling the clearing with nearly palpable dread and despair.  He hunkered down behind the tree, praying desperately that this new menace might overlook him, though he wasn’t sure anyone or anything was there to listen, desperation made a man do funny things.  But the feeling soon dissipated and he could look up once more.  The second of the pair was gone and the first stood there for a moment, before mounting his beast and riding off into the waning night.
The man smiled eagerly, but dared not leave his hiding place for a very long time, waiting to be sure some dreadful thing was not lying in wait for him.  At last, he could contain himself no longer and burst from his place, dagger in hand, but nothing happened.  Smiling sheepishly, he replaced the weapon in its hidden sheath and crawled to the edge of the hole, peering down into it for a very long moment, but it was now or never.  He drew a deep breath and took the plunge.  He found the dead monster, but strangely, no sign of its victims; with an indifferent shrug, he returned his attention to the beast.  Cautiously he approached, but it did not stir.  He smiled eagerly and drew forth his knife and very carefully cut out the glands containing the beast’s strange poison.  Gingerly he tied each closed with a leather thong and then placed each in a separate waterskin, just in case one decided to leak.  Smiling to himself, he hurried out of the creature’s lair and off to make his fortune.
The man’s delight far surpassed anything the treasure hunter could have imagined, but alas, his reward was not near so great, and in threatening to take back his find for so paltry a sum, he unfortunately made his last mistake.  “Must you always be so lethally efficient, my dear?” asked the dark man of his adopted daughter, “I am sure I could have negotiated the fellow into a more reasonable frame of mind; now he’ll never find anything for me again, and this is undoubtedly the most interesting substance that has yet come into my possession.  Think what we can do with it!  Not only does it induce a wakeless sleep, but also nightmares and madness!  But alas, he will now never have the chance to find me anything so interesting again.”
“Forgive me, papa,” said the girl, though with no real contrition; she had never been afflicted with the baser emotions most men considered normal.  “But he had no right to speak to you so rudely,” finished she.
He smiled at her, “yes, I forget your concern for my esteemed reputation.  Think no more of it, have one of the minions see to the mess while we withdraw to the lab and see what we can make of this fascinating poison.”  She nodded eagerly, rang the bell to summon one of the nameless laborers they kept about the place, and then followed her father into the dank and musty cellar, whither lay the laboratory wherein all manner of strange and dreadful things had been made or taken apart.  The man had taught her everything he knew, one day soon, she would take his place as the head of research and development for the Brotherhood of the Serpent, but not quite yet.

A few months later, the man lay on the sofa in the sitting room, blood spattering the side of his mouth whenever he coughed; he had wasted to almost nothing in the last two months, leaving his daughter to take up his work as he was forced to lie abed, slowly dying.  So busy was the girl with her research, that she hardly spent any time with her stricken father, but to her mind, he should just end it all quickly rather than taking up precious time and resources wasting away as he did, though it was her poison that was inflicting the malady upon him, but as long as it didn’t interfere with her work, he could do as it pleased him.  
That evening, he weakly called her into the sitting room and croaked, “I have one last secret to pass on to you child.”  She eyed him keenly, no little annoyed, thinking she had long ago sapped all the knowledge from his mind, but she nodded curtly and he continued with a gasp, “you have ever been a child after my own heart, thus I never fully trusted you, but as I am soon to pass from this mortal realm, I must tell you all.  First, I had intended a special use for the Blight’s poison, but never got the chance.  You must go to Astoria.”  
A coughing fit silenced him and she frowned, “Astoria!”
The man smiled maliciously, “yes, the home of our greatest foes.  There you must find a man of a certain order within the Brethren, a sect as secret as our own and also our deadliest enemies; you must find one of these so-called Shadows and use the poison upon him.  I have altered the poison and the results should be quite amusing.”
“Very well,” said she, smiling thoughtfully, “I believe I know just how to accomplish that which you ask.”
He nodded proudly, “good girl, I knew you would.  I’ve never met a keener mind or a crueler one.  Am I correct in guessing this is no natural illness but rather something of your contrivance?”  She smiled wickedly and he coughed, “excellent child, excellent!  You shall be the head of the Brotherhood one day.  Now go to the cabinet and bring me that clear glass sphere in the top drawer.”
She frowned at him, wondering at such approbation for an otherwise atrocious act, but then smiled darkly, of course he would be proud of her, after all, he was the one who had taught her just that!  She stood and retrieved the object, handing it to him and resuming her seat, watching with morbid curiosity.  After another coughing fit, he said weakly, “the Brotherhood has been without an Eye for some time.  You must never let one of the Brethren even touch it, or disaster will result, but it is the rightful property of the head of the Brotherhood.  My final act will be to restore the Eye to the Brotherhood and it will come into your keeping, but beware, for the true head will be drawn to it and will use lethal force to obtain it, if he must.”
She smiled wickedly and he laughed proudly, “exactly girl!  Kill the man, and any who follow, and eventually that role, and the Eye, shall rightfully be yours.”  He smiled sadly, “my only regret is not being able to see what use you make of such prodigious talent.”  He stared into the sphere and grew suddenly misty as the orb darkened; argent lightning flashed in its heart as he vanished completely and the Eye settled on the divan cushion as its holder disappeared.  Naia stood slowly, intrigued by what she had just heard, but not quite trusting her so-called father, even at the last.  A Shadow?  There was only one way to find out.  Secreting the Eye in a secure place, she donned her finest gown, black but not in mourning, for she refused to wear any other color and never felt anything even remotely resembling grief, mounted her horse, and set out for Astoria.

She stood before the Lady of Astoria, a picture of tragedy and grief, careful to say nothing that was not completely true.  After making the proper courtesies, the Lady studied her with a gentle eye, but there was a fire lying beneath that peaceful veneer that immediately earned Naia’s respect, the only esteem or consideration of which she was capable of bestowing on another living soul; her father had once been in possession of it, but once she had outstripped him in knowledge and skill, and he was of no more practical use to her, she had made an end of him without a second thought, so little did she value any life but her own.  Said the Lady with all graciousness, “how may we help you, my lady?”
Naia dropped another curtsy and began in a pleading tone, “ah, Lady, my tale is one of woe upon woe.  I was but a child when this dreadful man, who called himself my father, murdered my true parents before our very eyes, my siblings and I.  He killed them in their turn but instead of slaying me likewise, allowed me to live if I would keep house for him, among other tasks.  This has been my lot for nigh on ten years, but he died at last, thus freeing me of his influence, yet I know he is not alone in the atrocious crimes that were his greatest interest and sole pleasure, for ere he died, he hinted that others of his persuasion would come, seeking a certain artifact or the arcane knowledge he compiled over the years.”
“And what would you have of me?” asked the Lady of the petitioner, a worried frown marring her face, “These are grave accusations madam, and I will do my utmost to see that these practices are expunged from the earth.”
“Precisely, madam,” said Naia in feigned relief, “when these men come, as my so-called father promised, I would be much relieved if one of your servants is there to stand between myself and these reprehensible fellows.  You can mete out justice to such foul men and I would then be free of their influence, able to get on with the rest of my life, such as it is.”
The Lady’s brow furrowed, “why not just remain here, my lady, where it is safe and you can begin anew?  Why return home when you know these men are coming thither?”
“It is all I have Lady, humble as it is,” said she with forced tears, “I cannot leave the only home I have ever known, especially now that I am its mistress and not subject to the wiles of that awful man, and while I appreciate your generous offer, I know these men would not rest until they had found me.  I might hide here for years, but eventually they or their spies would find me and deal with me accordingly; I would be a veritable prisoner within the walls of your keep until my dying day.  Besides, would you miss this chance to rid the world of such fell men?”
The Lady smiled grimly, “you have a fierce heart, my lady, and your reasoning is quite sound.  I know just the man, and will send him with you forthwith.  If he cannot keep you safe and deal with these dread sorcerers, none can.”
Naia bowed deeply and smiled sadly, “thank you, my Lady,” and then withdrew as the Lady sent a servant running to find Jace.
As the Lady briefed him on his next assignment, the boy smiled broadly at his sister, “it sounds a simple enough assignment, my Lady.”
The Lady snorted, in a most un-Lady-like fashion, “therein should you take heed, sir, for you are not known to pursue such bland adventures.”
He bowed contritely, “well spoken, my Lady,” before grinning in that annoying fashion of his, “but someday I hope to experience such a phenomenon.”  He bowed himself out and she shook her head as she watched him go.
He met the Lady Naia in a small sitting room as she was finishing her tea.  He bowed, introduced himself, and asked politely, “when do you wish to leave madam?”
“At once,” said she, “if that is possible?”
Jace nodded and motioned towards the door, “whenever you are ready madam.”
She nodded, stood, and studied the boy with a frown, “you have a fire in you sir, much like your Lady.  Are you perchance related?”
Jace grinned impishly, “technically, she is my sister.”
A tight smile graced her lips, “your sister in arms or a sister by blood?”
Jace shrugged, “she had a brother once, but he was executed for treason and murder a few years ago.”
“At her order?!” said Naia, her respect for the Lady unconsciously growing by an order of magnitude, as Jace nodded, “even so, madam.  Lead on, if that is your intention.”  Rather annoyed with herself for succumbing to such a distraction, she hastened from the room and Jace followed quietly after.  He fetched his horse from the stables while she mounted hers, still saddled and awaiting her in the courtyard while a servant came running with provisions for their journey.  They were on their way so quickly and efficiently that even Naia was impressed.
As twilight deepened into darkness, Jace drew rein at a likely looking place along the road, said he in some chagrin, “I did not even ask if you would like to travel in such a manner that we might spend each evening at an inn or would you prefer to camp and travel as quickly as may be?”
She smiled slightly at him, “an oversight, to be sure, but you have not misjudged my intentions; I favor speed over comfort and am not overly comfortable in social settings, if you understand me?”
Jace nodded, “that I do, my lady.  I had quite an awkward childhood in my own right, not near so traumatic as yours, but I can at least appreciate your circumstances.”  He went about setting up camp and she watched him as a snake studies an unwitting mouse.
She was not of a chatty disposition nor of an overly social turn, as she had warned, thus did they travel on in relative silence, neither speaking unless necessitated by their journey; a fact she truly appreciated about the fellow, he was not one to prattle on needlessly, if there was not a reason to speak, he held his tongue.  Jace was fascinated by the strange creature, for she was certainly of a keen mind though she held herself so tightly he could learn little else of her, though he sensed some evil aura about her, but he himself had once been tainted by such an aura after being the victim of blood magic, with her tragic history, he did not find it at all surprising in her case either.  
She was just as perplexed with her traveling companion, noting an oddity here or a comment there that another might easily overlook, but it certainly confirmed she had indeed acquired one of these mythic Shadows.  One night, a fell bird came to her in a dream and spoke thus, “what you intend is of my devising and you must proceed accordingly, any deviation might well result in disaster, and that is a very bad thing indeed.  But if you succeed, you shall find the resulting circumstances quite amusing.  This creature must be punished for his insolence and you are the means by which I shall accomplish my revenge.  Now this is what must be done...”
She awoke with a start and felt curious eyes upon her, she glared at the insolent boy and snarled, “cannot a lady sleep without being ogled?”
Jace started, “forgive me madam, but I felt a heavy sense of some great evil suddenly engulfing you and was trying to discern the cause.”
“Evil dreams,” said she dismissively, “now let me sleep.”  He bowed contritely as she rolled over and then he continued to watch the night.  An evil smile grew on her lips as she stared off into the formless dark of the wood about her, the Fiend had revealed much about this so-called Shadow, his skills and vulnerabilities, and what was intended for him.  It would be amusing indeed, but she restrained herself to a sardonic grin when she wished to laugh aloud, for she could not go rousing his suspicions, at least no more than she already had.


4

At last they reached the sprawling manor house that had been her home since the dark man had taken her as his own kith and kin.  She rode into the yard only to find three horses tied to the hitching rail, she gasped to Jace, “they have come!  Are we too late?”
Jace drew his sword as he slid from his saddle, “fear not madam, I shall attend to the fiends immediately.  Remain hidden until I return.”  With that he dashed into the house.
She smiled in anticipation and entered the cellar via a hidden door on the far side of the house, eager to retrieve the poison and discover if it would work as anticipated.  Tainted dagger in hand, she ascended to the room wherein she had hidden the Eye, which would undoubtedly draw its rightful possessor like flies to a carcass.  Too bad he would not be in possession of it long!

Jace found no one on the first floor and took the stairs two at a time as he dashed for the second floor, but that too was abandoned.  His only hope lay in the attic.  Ascending the ladder quickly, he threw open the trapdoor, and swiftly stood in the midst of the room with sword bared; three men stared at him in astonishment, as if they had never seen a sword before, but it was the dark orb in their possession that drew Jace’s gaze.  Said he with menace strong in his voice, “give me the orb.”
“You did not say please!” mocked one of the men, “I do not take orders from such insolent fools!”  He tried to cast some dark spell over the wretch, but it failed utterly.  Frowning he demanded, “one of the Brethren then?  It figures, I at last come into possession of the Eye and you show up to ruin my moment of triumph.”
Jace’s entire being began to glow slightly, “I can destroy it and you sir, with but a thought.  This is your last chance, relinquish the sphere and seek the Master’s grace, ere it is too late!”
They eyed him warily but none seemed intent on repenting of a lifetime of evil just at that particular moment, nor of heeding his warning either, with a sigh Jace said, “very well then.”  The light flared forth, only bright enough to blind rather than kill, for he did not know if the lady was within range of that deadly radiance, and it vanished the moment it had accomplished what he intended.  The men cried out in dismay, their leader dropping the orb as he put his hands over his sightless eyes.  Jace bent down to retrieve the sphere when he felt a sharp pain in his calf.  As he collapsed into darkness, the last thing he saw was a triumphantly smiling woman standing upon the ladder, halfway into the garret, dagger in hand.
Naia climbed the rest of the way up as the Shadow fell, gingerly picking up the Eye as she did so and secreting it within the folds of her gown.  She left the moaning and dispirited men lost in their blindness as she hefted the insensible Messenger down the ladder, no small feat for a woman her size, thought she smugly once the deed was done.  She exited the house to make her final preparations then lugged the unconscious man out to the wagon, another effort worthy of legend, before setting fire to the house and driving off with the Shadow still insensible in the wagon bed.  She halted as evening set in and began setting up camp, wondering when, if ever, the wretched man would stir, for she was eager to see the effects of the poison.
Very early in the morning, Jace opened his eyes and stared dully at the world about him, wondering where he was, who he was, and what exactly the point of anything was.  He had once lost his memory after a traumatic incident, but his personality and skills had not been lost to him though he had been rendered mortal as well; he had also forgotten who and what he was in the madness that had assaulted him whilst under the Blight’s deadly curse, but this time, he knew absolutely nothing of anything: he was a blank slate that Naia might write upon as it pleased her.  Best of all, at least to Naia’s thinking, he was still a full Shadow and possessed of all his deadly skill yet knew nothing of the matter.  He would live out his days a dullard and an ignoramus, toiling away in obscurity in the very heart of a city that had once considered him one of its foremost warriors.  
Her father had intended the potion to erase all memory in a Shadow: mental and physical, leaving only rudimentary language ability while erasing all traces of former knowledge, skill, personality, intellect, and even physical characteristics; he had also rid the poison of its ability to induce madness and a wakeless sleep, both unwanted complications for its intended use.  He had also theorized that it might be used to mask a man’s identity as one of the Brethren, but it was only an untested theory, though Naia was eager to see if the man had been correct.  If so, it would make the Fiend’s vengeance grand indeed!
He stared at her with blank eyes, as placid as those of any milk cow; out of a stranger’s face, groaned he, “what?”  She smiled in cruel mirth, her father had been right!  The boy’s own mother would not recognize him, or rather his sister, for she had no doubt that the Lady was truly a blood relative since he failed to counter the claim when asked.  She would have to wait until they reached Astoria to discover if it had also altered whatever trait his comrades used to distinguish him as one of their own.
“It is okay, Willard,” said she, as if calming the brother she had soothed to his death a decade prior, “everything is okay.”
“Who are you?” said the wretch, slowly, as if unsure of the words, their meaning, or how to properly form a sentence.
“Am I not your sister?” purred she.
“Sister?” frowned he, “I have a sister?”
“Of course,” said she, careful not to lie, uncertain if he yet retained that unfortunate trait or not.
He nodded dully, “of course.”  He frowned, “what is your name?”
“Naia,” said she with a feigned smile of warmth and compassion, “and what is your name?”
He frowned again, as if deep in thought, “you called me Willard.”  He brightened, “then I must be Willard.”
She tried to smile encouragingly, “as you say.  Now why don’t you get some sleep, you’ve had a very trying day.”
He nodded dully, “yes, sleep.”  He obeyed immediately, compliant as a trusting child.  She smiled victoriously and spent the waning hours of the night imagining the amusing scenarios that might play out with this utterly useless example of a human being, stripped of everything that had once made him worthwhile.

They set off at daybreak, Naia having to show ‘Willard’ everything from how to start a fire to how to hitch up the horses.  Once he had learned a skill, he seemed to remember it, if not being exactly quick in its accomplishment, which was just fine with Naia, as she did not want anyone suspecting the man was possessed of any wit or skill that might make him useful as more than a drudge or heavy laborer.  He continued to plod on placidly through life, doing exactly as he was told, never asking questions, or attempting conversation.  He was content to be and do exactly and only as he was told.
As they sat by the fire that night, Willard sat staring at his hand, frowning perplexedly.  After a full hour in which he did nothing else, Naia snapped, “what is the matter Willard?”
He looked up worriedly, holding up his right palm in consternation, “what is it?”
Naia frowned, “what is what?”
He very nearly wept in dismay, “that mark, that awful mark!”
Naia stared at the man’s empty hand, unable to discern anything, but wondering if the Shadow were somehow marked, as the Brethren were said to be, in a way that they might distinguish one another by sight.  If that were so, she would have to make sure the mark was never seen.  Said she soothingly, “forgive me Willard, I am sorry to have overlooked such a monstrous thing.  It was put upon you by strangers, dangerous strangers, that must never see it or know that it is there.  You must wear a glove at all times to conceal it and never tell anyone about it.  If it is discovered, things will not go as I have planned, and you would not want to ruin my plans, would you?”
Willard shook his head adamantly, “no, no, dear sister, anything but that!”
“Very good,” soothed she, “tomorrow we shall pass through a village and I’ll make sure the matter is put firmly to rest.  Would you like that?”  The man nodded eagerly and she rewarded him with a feigned smile, warm as she could make it, “then you had best turn in, for we still have a very long way to go.”  He nodded sleepily and sought his blankets, like an overtired child.  She watched him go with a triumphant smile.
The next day Willard managed to hitch up the team without any help, though it took him far too long, at least to Naia’s thinking, and then they were soon enough on their way.  Naia said as the wagon jolted and bumped along, “what do you like to do Willard?”  He stared at her blankly, not comprehending, said she with as much patience as she could muster, “is there a particular type of work you do well or enjoy doing?”
Willard scratched his head in bafflement, “can’t say that I remember much of anything, sister.  What was it I did again?”  He stared at the shaggy beasts in their traces as they plodded along before the wagon and smiled, “I like horses.  I’m good with horses.  Didn’t I do good with the horses this morning?  Have I always been good with horses?”
Laughed she in faux delight, “of course you have, you were born to be an hostler, weren’t you?”
He nodded proudly as if he were a lad of five who had been told he had a knack for playing in the mud, “course I was, sister dear, haven’t I always done just that?”  She smiled broadly though it did not touch her eyes or heart and he smiled the more, oblivious to the falsity of her facade.  So it was, that Willard’s history as the dull but faithful groom was established and he was convinced they were brother and sister, was Naia not surprised to discover that she yet had a surviving sibling, working in the stables all those years?  They plodded on, returning to Astoria as deliberately and slowly as Willard himself seemed to move.  In the shadow of the wood, a unicorn ghosted after, watching and waiting.

“You have returned,” said the Lady in surprise, “I thought you had hoped to establish yourself at home, free of the danger and menace your guardian’s associates posed to you?”
“Alas,” said Naia in some dismay, “the house burned soon after our encounter with the vile men, perhaps it is just as well, for some things should never again see the light of day.”
The Lady frowned, “where is my servant?”
Naia shook her head, “he is an uncanny one Lady, there was a bright light as he confronted the villains and after, who can say?  Does he often vanish so precipitously?”
The Lady smiled dryly, “as a matter of fact he does.  It will not be the first time he has disappeared without a trace, but he always returns.  Who is your companion?”  She studied the dull-eyed man with only mild curiosity, taking him for some servant of the late lord, now adrift without work or shelter.
Naia nudged Willard, who looked at her blankly for a moment, then bowed awkwardly as he crumpled his hat in his hands, muttered he, “your Ladyship, it is an honor indeed?”  He glanced at Naia as if silently asking if that was the right thing to say, for she had coached him endlessly on the journey thither.  She cleared her throat and he shuffled his feet nervously before continuing, glancing at Naia rather than the Lady, “this lady is my esteemed sister; I was the hostler in the man’s stable for years and years and she never knew it, until she found me and rescued me from the fire.  I like horses, I do, Lady.”
The Lady could not help but smile at this simple man and his grievous story, elaborate fabrication that it was, though Willard told it truly, for it was the only ‘truth’ he knew, thanks to Naia’s manipulations.  Said she gravely, “you have lost much Master Willard and I offer you a place working in our own stables, if that is your desire.”
He shuffled excitedly, remembering only too late to bow his head and yank his forelock, mumbled he, “ah yes, Lady, that would be nice, thank you mam.”
“And what of you, madam?” asked the Lady of Naia.
Pled she, “is your offer of sanctuary still open to one such as I, Lady?”
The Lady smiled warmly, “by all means child, we shall accommodate you to the best of our abilities, though we know little of grandeur or elegance, you shall be comfortable and find peace at last.”
Naia made a very proper curtsy and said with a sad smile, “I thank you Lady, is it possible that I might room alone and in an isolated part of the keep?  I am still not quite comfortable in social settings.”
The Lady nodded, “of course, I know just the place, but it is a little drafty.”
Naia donned a false smile, “I am sure it will be quite suitable.”  They made their farewell courtesies, she fluidly and he fumbling all the way, but they managed to escape and she immediately set Willard to work transporting all of her luggage from the wagon in the courtyard up to one of the tallest towers in the castle, little used save by pigeons and the wind, but it was a suitable place to set up her new domain, and perfectly ironic that it was in the very heart of Astoria, true the Eye was not yet rightfully hers, but one day it would be.  Once Naia was settled, she handed Willard over to the Stablemaster and soon forgot entirely about him, save to watch him from time to time, contentedly going about his work, oblivious to the fact that he had the potential to do so much more than muck stalls and brush horses.

The Stablemaster was a little dismayed at the first to be saddled with such a dullard, but he was hard working, if slow, and content therein; soon enough he came to appreciate the simple fellow and his dedication to their charges.  He saddled horses, unsaddled horses, groomed, cared for their feet, fed, mucked, watered, and never complained.  He was in the middle of all the comings and goings of the courtyard, ever bringing horses in or out of the stables as folk arrived or ventured forth.  Willard was soon an indispensible part of the busy stable’s functioning and the dour Stablemaster wondered how he ever got by without him.
He became familiar to everyone who had any business in the courtyard or stables of Astoria, though no one truly knew him, for he was an essential shadow that faded back into obscurity the moment he had finished his task, and he liked it that way, for he was not what one would call social, never knowing how to act or what to say in a situation not immediately pertaining to his duties.
Naia kept herself busy vainly trying to discern the secrets of the Eye, which would not fully avail itself to her until it was rightfully hers, and digging deep into Astoria’s vast library, a trove she could almost come to love, were she capable of such a pathetic feeling.  Her plans were great, but first she had to do her research and then establish herself as head of the Brotherhood; the Eye should draw the new leader to itself, but that might be difficult in the heart of Astoria, but she would address that minor problem when she had gained mastery over the orb and gleaned far more from that wondrous library.
So it was that the months passed and still Jace did not return.  The Lady summoned Jared to her one day and asked after the matter, Jared shook his head, “I don’t know where he is Lady, no doubt on some secret quest once more, but his unicorn has inhabited the stable for the past several months, he doesn’t seem overly concerned yet neither will he leave or reveal what has come of his master.  We can but wait, my Lady.”  She nodded resignedly and Jared returned to his duties.
Willard was rather content in his tedious life, he did not like excitement or things out of the ordinary; dull regularity was his cup of tea.  But there was one great source of agitation and he was completely paralyzed in dealing with the matter, for he had seen that offensive mark, the one graven on his own palm, on the hand of two others: the swordmaster and one of the servants that spent most of his time near the gates.  They must either be evil men or victims of such, much as himself.  But what was to be done?  He must tell his sister, but he rarely saw her anymore, save in passing or she might stand on the far side of the courtyard watching him with a strange smile on her face that made him feel all sick and ugly inside.  But there was no one else to tell.  He glanced nervously at his own gloved hand, hoping no one ever discovered his secret.
She stood in the courtyard one day, waiting for someone to bring her a horse that she might go riding abroad for the first time in several months.  So happy was Willard at this chance that he accidentally dropped the reins of the beast as he led it out to her, but it was a well trained animal and hardly noticed, standing patiently for the lady to mount.  Said Willard quietly as he cupped his hands that the lady might mount, “I saw them, sister.” 
She glared at the insolent fellow, momentarily forgetting their mythic relationship, but she quickly schooled her face to grave concern and asked gently, “who Willard?”
He whispered anxiously, “remember my mark?”  Her eyes widened, as he continued, “there are two men about the place that bear the same.”
“Truly?” said she in eagerness, “Tell me who?”  She nodded as he did so, “very well, I shall see to matters, just remember to keep this between us and your own mark hidden.  Agreed?”  He nodded happily, content she would chase the monsters out from under the bed that he might sleep peacefully.  She mounted and rode out of the keep, lost in eager thought as plans began to form in her mind.  If she could do it to one, why not to all?  Perhaps the whole lot of them would soon be nothing but drudges forking manure instead of warriors in pursuit of the Brotherhood.  How splendid!
She returned from her ride soon thereafter, not even having left the city as had been her intent, but she had work to do and not even the solitude of the woods could draw her from such intriguing plans.  She returned to her room and was soon lost in her work.  Tonight would prove quite interesting indeed, for the swordmaster would be receiving quite an unexpected visitor.  After the evening meal, as the occupants of the keep began to settle for the night, Naia crept from her lair, hooded and cloaked, ready for mischief.  She ghosted through the courtyard, catching Willard’s eye as he returned from an errand for the Stablemaster, and slipped into the practice yard, wherein Hawk was still puttering about in preparation for the morrow’s lesson.
He looked up in surprise as he felt a presence in the yard, glancing about curiously to see who it was.  He bowed to the strange woman who approached quite boldly, “swordmaster?” asked she.
He nodded, “how may I be of service, madam?”
She struck like a snake: quick and unexpected, the dagger flashing briefly in the moonlight as it scored the man’s arm, but even as she struck, a light flared between them and she felt something shift within her mind, then she screamed in absolute horror before fainting dead away.  Hawk grunted in pain as the dagger struck and fell senseless beside the lady.  The horrific shriek brought all who heard it at the run, Willard among them.  He saw a man, one with that awful mark, kneeling over his prone sister, dagger in hand, and something inside him snapped.  The dull placid creature so often overlooked, suddenly became a force to be reckoned with.  He took up the nearest weapon to hand, a shovel, and charged the kneeling man with the dagger ere he could do worse to the helpless maiden.
Jared knelt beside the prone forms, studying the lady’s tainted dagger with a frown, when suddenly he turned to look directly into the eyes of a furious groom the moment before the man’s shovel cracked his skull.  With an embarrassed snort for so ignomious an end, he fell headlong into the cold arms of death even as two Warriors, also drawn by the lady’s cry, seized Willard and dragged him bodily from the tragic scene.  Others were tending to the victims, for the lady and the swordmaster were insensible while the servant was dead.  They locked Willard in the dungeon while they tried to sort matters out.
He was called to stand before a very grim looking Lady the next morning and with no Naia to tell him what to say.  Asked he, dismally, “where’s my poor sister?  Did the fiend make an end of her then?”
The Lady frowned in dismay, “what do you mean?”
“That bad man, the one with the knife,” said Willard in distress, “he was going to hurt her; I know it!”
The Lady’s frown softened, “is that why you attacked the man?  You thought he intended harm towards your sister?”
“Aye, mam,” said Willard, yanking his forelock for all he was worth.
“Did you see what happened before you saw the man kneeling beside your sister with a knife?” asked she.
“I saw her creeping across the courtyard, mam,” said he, “rather odd that, but she went into the practice yard and then I heard her scream.”  He shuddered, “I only ever heard an injured horse scream like that.  So I ran to see what was happening and then I saw him.”  He shivered, “I couldn’t let him hurt her.”  Said he pleadingly, “is she alright mam?  What of that mean fellow?  You’ll see justice done, won’t you?”
She smiled at him sadly, wondering just how she was to see justice done in such an unfathomable case.  The man was not the coldblooded murderer she had taken him to be, rather he had struck out in what he thought was defense of his sister’s life.  To make it all the more confusing, Hawk and the lady were still unconscious and Jared was dead; where was her brother when she needed him most?  Said she quietly, “your sister is resting comfortably, we cannot find a mark upon her but fear she has suffered a grievous mental wound.  The man you struck is dead.”
He paled at this and stared at his feet, “I didn’t mean to kill him, mam.  I don’t know what came over me.”
The Lady nodded gravely, “I will have to discuss your case with my advisors, some of whom are not currently available, but we will see that justice is had by all, whatever it is that happened.  Until then, I fear I must confine you to the dungeons for your act.  Your intentions were good but tragedy was the result, for the man intended no harm towards anyone, but was rather trying to discern what had happened to the lady and the swordmaster.”
Willard bowed his head, ashamed, “so be it, mam, I certainly deserve it.”  He looked at her with sad eyes, “my life is in your hands.”  She nodded gravely and they led him back to his cell to await her decision.  
Next the doctor presented himself, to give an update on the patients, said he after the proper formalities, “it is a strange thing Lady, I have never seen the like.  The lady is completely unscathed but shows every sign of a sudden and traumatic mental breakdown while the swordmaster bears only a shallow gash on his forearm, ostensibly from the dagger found at the scene.  The weapon was tainted with some fell poison that has not only rendered him unconscious but also seems to somehow mask his position as one of the Brethren and has also changed his physical characteristics.”
She frowned at him, “how is that possible?”
The doctor shook his head, “I fear black sorcery, my Lady.”
“Within my own keep, too,” said the Lady grimly, “how awful!  You think the woman is the perpetrator then?”
The doctor nodded, “I have no doubt about it, my Lady.”
“Will she waken?” asked the Lady.
“When her mind has fully adjusted to the horror that assaulted her, yes, I believe she will,” said he morosely.
Frowned the Lady, “how is it that such a spell would seize her at that very moment?  It is not as if she regretted her actions so sorely the moment after she struck?”  The doctor could only shake his head grimly.  She sighed and asked after the servant, “what of the dead man?”
The doctor smiled grimly, “that at least I can explain: a simple fractured skull.  He can be buried as soon as you give the word.”
The Lady nodded gravely, “I’d like to have a look at him myself.”
The man bowed, “certainly, Lady though it is not a pretty sight.”
“No,” said she, “but there are many parts of my job that are far from delightful.  Lead on.”


5

They entered the dungeons, Willard the sole occupant, sitting morosely in the far corner of his cell, not even looking up as they passed; they entered the small chamber at the far end.  Jared lay on a slatted metal table, a sheet draped over his inert form.  Said she to her escort, “I’d like to be alone, please.”  The doctor bowed and the two Warriors looked ready to protest, but neither dared; they withdrew and left her alone with the corpse.  Said she with a wry smile once they had departed, “where is your counsel when I actually need it?”
“Pardon me?” came the familiar voice, an amused grin strong in the tone, “did you just say I was needed, Lady?  This is a miracle indeed!”
She gasped in wonder, though she knew it possible, seeing it for herself was quite another matter entirely, as the sheet sat up of its own accord and was pulled away to reveal a widely smiling Jared, a horrid bruise covering half his face.  She shook her head, “this is a mystery only you can solve, sir.”  
She quickly told him of her predicament and he frowned thoughtfully, “mystery indeed!  I’ll see to Hawk first.”  His face shifted, his familiar features and that glorious bruise vanished as a stranger’s countenance replaced them.
Said she in consternation, “are you not supposed to be dead?”
He grinned rakishly, “just quarantine the room until further notice and no one need know the difference.”  He sobered, “what of my killer?  Go easy on the poor fellow.”
She nodded sternly, “mind your own business, but I shall see what I can do.  Now go solve this mystery for me!”  He smiled eagerly, bowed deeply, and suddenly vanished.  She gasped again and then smiled at her own surprise before making her own departure.
Guised as an anonymous servant, Jared easily penetrated the room wherein Hawk lay, only it wasn’t Hawk; the man that lay insensible in the bed was neither of the Brethren nor a face Jared recognized, but the silver unicorn glowing slightly on the afflicted man’s palm told another story entirely.  Thankfully, he was alone in the small room and thus able to treat the patient in his own uncanny way.  He used the light to probe the stranger and felt something foreign, something that did not want to be found, nor its host to know the truth of who he was.  It minded Jared much of the forgetfulness Jace had described as he existed in the interminable nightmares induced by the Blight, every time some part of him had reared up in protest, it was soothed back into quiescence and forgetfulness by the awful poison.  Perhaps this was a similar evil; he sent a pulse of cleansing light into his comrade and felt the awful stuff melt away like frost in the sun.
Hawk gasped awake and stared about blearily, smiling upon recognizing Jared, who said, “that was some awful stuff lad, a good thing I caught it when I did.”
Hawk glanced at the sunlight streaming through the slit in the drapes and smiled, “it is broad daylight; the woman attacked me last evening.  Where have you been the last half day at least?”
Jared chuckled, “I was indisposed with a skull fracture.  The villainess’ brother thought I meant to do her harm and hit me upside the head with a shovel.”
Hawk laughed, “a glorious death indeed, Captain.  What of the lady?  I thought I heard her scream ere all went dark.”  He frowned, “just as she touched me, the light stirred.  I felt something shift in her mind, as if it were broken and suddenly set aright.”
It was Jared’s turn to frown, “according to the doctor, she suffered a severe mental breakdown at that precise moment; she still lies abed, as insensible as you were.”
“A witch then,” said Hawk with a shudder, “and with such a deadly poison!  How did she get into the keep?”
Jared said quietly, “she’s been living here for the last six months, tucked away up in one of the towers, a case of sanctuary, or so the Lady said.  She returned with her brother and she’s hardly left the keep since.”
“Wasn’t she with Jace on his last mission?” asked Hawk with a frown.  “Where’s her brother now?”
Jared smiled grimly, “in the dungeon awaiting the Lady’s decision on his case.”
Hawk was on his feet, “we’d best go talk to him.”  They exchanged a grin and vanished from sight, ghosting down to the dungeons to conduct their interview.
Willard sat alone in his cell, morosely wondering what would come of him.  He looked up in surprise to see two men with him in the dungeons even though the outer door had not opened since the Lady and her party withdrew; he shuddered and sprang to his feet upon recognizing them both as the vile men with that accursed mark on their hands, worse, the one was supposedly dead.  “Go away,” growled he in terror, “I want no part in your evil!”
“Our evil?” frowned the dead man.
“Those marks,” said the prisoner, “my sister says they are a sign of evil.”
The pair exchanged an eager smile and the dead man glanced nervously towards the outer door, the back of a guard’s head could be seen through the window.  Jared shook his head, “we can’t risk it in here.”  He glanced at the back chamber door and smiled, “that will do.”
He said gently to Willard, “easy man, we are not evil, far from it; we want to help you.”
Willard grunted, “I don’t want your help; I just want to get back to my duties and my horses.”
Jared smiled gently, “we’ll have you back to work soon enough lad, but first you are in dire need of our aid.”
“You’re dead,” said the unimpressed groom.
“I was,” said Jared with a grin, “an occupational hazard, as it were.  If you want to help your sister, you need to listen to us.”  The man stared at him stonily but said nothing, Jared continued, “we are going to let you out of that cell and you will accompany us into that far chamber, do you understand?”  The man made no sign that he did but Hawk went to open the back chamber door while Jared unlocked the cell.
Without hesitating, Willard threw himself against the cell door the moment it was unlocked, slamming Jared up against the wall and stunning him, before bolting for the outer door, giving the guard without similar treatment to that of the unfortunate Jared.  He dashed up the last flight of stairs and out the last door, into the keep, hearing Jared cry after him, “stop him at all costs!”
Hawk and the outer door guard were close on his heels, Jared and the other guard went stumbling after as quickly as they could, still woozy from their encounter between the wall and the door.  The alarm was quickly raised that the prisoner was loose, the castle gates were shut while swords were drawn and arrows nocked.  Willard stood at bay in the middle of the courtyard, desperate for some escape but surrounded by walls and armed men.  Jared limped into the courtyard and said, “easy man, surrender and things will go well for you.”
“No,” snarled the terrified hostler, “I want to take my sister and get away from you and your evil!”  He glanced desperately about, but had no weapon but his bare hands, though he looked ready to claw his way through the wall if he must.
“You will not stand down?” asked Jared grimly, “I will use force if I must!  You will only get yourself killed, and over what?  A misunderstanding!  Stand down!”
Willard panicked and charged the nearest Warrior, ready to go down fighting.  Jared shook his head grimly and clenched his right hand firmly; Hawk’s eyes widened as the man gasped suddenly, clawed at his chest, and then dropped stone dead.  “What did you do?” whispered the swordmaster to the captain.
Jared shook his head, “I couldn’t risk him injuring someone.”
“So you killed him?” said Hawk in astonishment, “How?”
Jared smiled wryly, “that is for the Captain of the Shadow alone to know, lad.”  He said grimly, “though I’ve never had to exercise it before.  It is quite effective!  But come, we had best clean up our mess.”
They approached the now crowded scene where all and sundry stood over the inexplicably dead man, wondering what next was to be done, but the Lady’s sudden advent ended all musings in that direction.  Demanded she as they parted to let her look upon the fallen man, “what is going on?”  She glared at Jared and Hawk, “how did he get out of his cell?”
Both men bowed and Jared answered, “we had a few questions to ask him, Lady and thought it might be easier without the cell; he panicked and fled the dungeons.”
“Why did he suddenly drop dead?” asked she, more curious than furious.
“I’d like to know that as well,” said the doctor, shouldering his way into the gathering and studying the corpse with interest, “might I have a look at the body, my Lady?”
She glared at Jared, “by all means, sir, perhaps you can give me answers I cannot find elsewhere.”  Hawk gave Jared an anxious look but the man only shrugged.  The Lady then ordered them to help the doctor take the body into the very back of the dungeons as recompense for their meddling.  Once Willard was resting comfortably on the same slatted table that had once held his hapless victim, the doctor shooed them all out and began his work.  
He emerged an hour later, quite flabbergasted, said he, “the boy has no heart, my Lady!”
She frowned, “what?!”
He shook his head, “it was as if it was there one moment and the next it suddenly vanished.  More dark sorcery perhaps?”
The Lady stared at Jared in horror but he only grinned at her insolently, said she quietly, “I do not think so doctor, thank you for your input.”
He studied Hawk with a smile, “at least one of my patients is on the mend.”  He bowed to the Lady and departed.  
She dismissed everyone but the impertinent servant and the swordmaster, before rounding on Jared the moment they were alone, “what is going on?”
“With your permission, Lady,” said Jared with a grin, “we’d like to retrieve your brother.”
“Jace!” said she in consternation, “You think that dull-witted groom is my brother?”
Hawk chuckled, “it certainly seems the sort of thing he’d get himself embroiled in.”
She smiled her own grim amusement, “but how?”
Jared shook his head, “I think that woman used the same poison on him that she tried to use on Hawk.”
“And to think I offered her sanctuary and her brother a job!” said the Lady in dismay, “Let us see how much of a fool I have truly been.  Work your magic, Master Shadow.”  She frowned at him, “what exactly did you do to him?”
Jared smiled enigmatically, “he was frantic with fear, Lady; he was about to hurt himself or someone else.  It seemed like the most expedient means of stopping him at the time.”  He shook his head, “I’ve never done it before and had no idea just how effective it might be!  But come, he has lingered in the dark long enough.”
They entered the little chamber where Jace lay on the table, the Lady turning her head aside as she remembered what it was the doctor had been about.  Said Jared quietly, “you may want to withdraw Lady, not only is the sight disturbing but I do not know if the cure will be dangerous to your own safety.”
“Certainly!” said the Lady as she hastened out the door, “I have well learned my lesson involving such matters.  I shall ward the door from without.”  No sooner had she shut the door than a great light engulfed the small room.
Hawk opened the door and smiled, “you can come in now, Lady.”  She smiled her thanks and followed him into the room.
Jace sat on the table with a mystified look on his face and his innards now safely returned to their proper place.  She studied him with wonder and shook her head with a warm smile, “how do you get into these situations?”
He grinned wryly, “it was you that sent me thither Lady; I am but your faithful servant.”
Jared shook his head, “we need to search her chambers and see if she has any more of that vile poison.”
Jace nodded and then frowned, “there is another artifact as well that I believe her to be in possession of.”  
He looked a question at the Captain, who smiled, “have at it lad, it is good to have you back!”
He chuckled, “I know nothing of anything since I went into that house.”  He sobered, “how long has it been?”
Jared said quietly, “six months.”
Jace nodded soberly, “I suppose it is better than eighty years.”  He eyed the Captain curiously, “and what have I been up to in the interim?”
Hawk laughed, “you’ve made quite a name for yourself as the Stablemaster’s right hand man.”  He glanced in amusement at the Captain, “that and hitting people with shovels.”  At his look of complete bafflement, the others all broke down into an uncontrolled fit of laughter.  When Hawk could speak again, he told Jace the entire story.
“I wonder,” said Jace thoughtfully, once Hawk had finished, “I always thought there was something not quite right about that woman.  What if she had some derangement of the mind and she suddenly found herself healed, only to have the full brunt of her crimes assault her at once?”
“An interesting theory, lad,” said Jared with a frown, “but it makes sense.  Go search her room and we’ll see what tale it has to tell.”  Jace nodded, smiled, and vanished as the others exchanged a thoughtful look and withdrew from the room.
Said the Lady as they exited the dungeons, “this is certainly a mess!”
Jared nodded, “it always is when people try to live in a way the Master never intended, just look at the state of the world in general!”

Jace ghosted towards the highest tower in the keep and the sole occupied room at its very top.  The place was as plain and dull as any stall; there was no sign that the occupant took joy or interest in anything.  There was a spare black dress hanging on a hook, a few esoteric books on the table, but nothing that did not have a function or a use.  Jace pitied the woman more and more as he explored every nook and cranny in the drafty room, for her life was one as cold and drab as the room in which she lurked.  He found more of the vile poison, carefully tucked away in a small hidey-hole, but the stuff vanished in an unbidden burst of light the moment he touched it.  His next discovery was no surprise either for in another secret nook, the room seemed replete with them, he found the Eye.  Naia ever kept the heavy shades drawn, thus there was no one to witness as he unveiled that deadly light and touched the Eye.
He had learned that destroying the fell objects in this manner was far less messy than simply touching the sphere and allowing it to explode from within, rather the light consumed it utterly the moment he touched it.  He smiled and cloaked himself again in a mortal guise before returning to the Lady and Jared to make his report.  There was nothing to be done for Naia until she awoke, if she ever would.  Jace gazed down at her, pity strong in his voice, “she has done terrible things, no doubt, but I pity the wretched creature.”
“Aye,” nodded the grim Jared beside him, “but perhaps it is not too late for her to make something of her life.”
Jace frowned, “I thought the Master had forbidden such practices concerning the Shadow?”
Jared nodded, “He did, but have you ever known our enemies to pay heed to His precepts?  Our enemies will just be far more secretive and much less frequent in such endeavors, but they will never cease, at least until the Shadow is disbanded or destroyed.”  Jace nodded thoughtfully as Jared continued, “are you ready for a field mission?”
Jace grinned openly, “that I am, I’ve done nothing but shovel muck for six months.”
“An important duty, that,” said Jared with a grin, “many of us spent our Student days doing just that.”
“If that is what my next assignment is,” said Jace with his inimitable grin, “I’d best be about it, sir.”  
He saluted sharply and turned to go but Jared hastily called him to order, “enough, you rascal!  This is serious business, the crown prince of Glorin has become the target of multiple assassination and kidnapping attempts; the King demands the Lady do something.”
Jace looked skeptical, “demands?  Of the Lady?  How did she take it?”
Jared grinned, “about as you’d expect.”
Jace nodded with a wry smile, “so she wants to send me?”
“Even so,” said Jared with a smile as he raised a glowing hand, “may I?”
Jace nodded, “by all means.”  The boy vanished in a burst of light, leaving Jared to look upon the comatose woman with a quizzical frown, wondering what her future held, if anything.


6

Jace found himself suddenly halfway across the world on a rainy night skulking in an alley that stank of rottenness and filth, wherein loathsome things lived and moved and had their being.  Only too happily did he abandon his post and seek both drier and less abhorrent climes.  He emerged into the muddy street, half drowning himself in a puddle, but hastened into the first inn he saw.  It was a dark place, wherein scoundrels might feel at ease plotting with one another in many a shadowed corner; it was the perfect place to lurk if one wished not to be recognized, which made it all the more astounding when someone gasped in recognition, though he had no idea how or who because he was guised as a complete stranger, at least to himself, but the astonished person, draped heavily in cloak and hood, took his arm and dragged him to a private nook.
Said personage threw back his hood and Jace smiled to see a lad his own age, or at least the age he appeared, under the voluminous garb; his smile deepened as he caught sight of his reflection in a dusty window at the lad’s back: they were the spitting image of one another, or so he assumed from the rather blurry reflection.  “Let me guess,” said Jace without preamble, “you are the crown prince of Glorin, running about in disguise to amuse yourself, but risking mortal danger and worse thereby?”
The Prince nodded, a knowing smile growing on his face, “and you are the Lady’s answer to my father’s letter?”
Jace chuckled, “sadly so, your father’s only mistake was demanding something of the Lady, thus she felt inclined to send me.”  The boy frowned and Jace clarified, “she tends to think me something of a nuisance and is happy to have me out of Astoria.”
The boy grinned at his companion’s mirth, asked he, “how did she know to send a man so alike in face and feature?”
“That is sheer providence,” said Jace.  He sobered, “do you know who seeks your life?”
The prince shook his head, “no, but it does not seem to be anyone inside the palace, at least no one that has known me or my family for any length of time.”
Jace frowned, “why risk yourself on such a venture?”
The boy shrugged, “there have been two attempts in the palace itself and only one without.  I might as well amuse myself if I’m to be set upon either way.”
Jace glanced around in dismay, “why choose this inn?”
The boy grinned widely, “is this not a perfect place to find an adventure?”
“I think you’re more apt to get murdered,” said Jace dryly, “why are you so keen on an adventure?”
The boy shrugged again, “I’m a prince and my nation has not known war in three centuries; I’m not allowed to have adventures.”
“And for good reason,” said Jace with a wry grin, “if something happened to you it would upset the balance of power in Glorin.”
“You sound just like my father,” said the prince in dismay.
“Not at all,” said Jace with a laugh, “I am not foolish enough to demand anything of the Lady.  Speaking of which, why don’t I send you off to have an adventure while I unravel this mystery?”
“Really?” said the prince eagerly, “that would be splendid.  When do I leave?”
“As soon as we get your father’s consent,” said Jace.
The boy shook his head, “I’ll fly first.  Can you just tell him where it is I’ve gone?”
Jace nodded, “very well, I know just the place.”
The boy frowned, “just the place?”
“I don’t want to be observed,” said Jace conspiratorially.  The boy nodded, pulled up his hood, and they vanished into the soggy night, back down the alley Jace had just vacated.  “Now,” said Jace, “you must mention the means of your vanishment to no one, am I understood?”  The boy nodded eagerly and Jace sent him to Astoria in a burst of light.  With a satisfied smile, he turned to leave the alley but never made it that far as a pain erupted in his head and blackness consumed him.

“We got him sir,” said one of the ruffians to their master as they carried in the unmoving form and laid it on an empty table.
“And your fellows?” asked the cloaked man.
“They should be along shortly, sir,” said the ruffian.
“Good,” said the mysterious man, “as soon as they return with their quarry you shall all receive your due.”
“Very good, sir,” said the ruffian with a yank of his greasy forelock.  
The dark man stared out the window into the night as lightning flashed and the thunder fretted, his heart as conflicted as the storm without.  Could he go through with this?  He smiled grimly and nodded to himself, he must and he would.  But then the other band of hired thugs returned and his heart almost betrayed him, for he knew the insensible man they laid on another table beside the Prince.  Corbin!
They had once served a curious old man together and then rode off to Astoria at his behest; the ensuing adventures had cost the old man his life and it seemed likely to do the same to the younger.  He took a deep breath and resigned himself to the inevitable, trying to remember what this would mean for himself: power beyond mortal imagining.  “Summon the hag,” barked he, before he could lose his nerve.  Corbin had made his choice and he would make his.  Six of them had ridden to Astoria, seven if you counted the odd lad they called ‘Professor,’ and four had taken their Oath.  He was one of the pair that refrained from such nonsense yet had remained to continue his studies in that erudite city, but he had done far more than read during his time there.
An ancient crone hobbled into the room, studying the two prone figures with a cruel grin before bowing to the cloaked man, said she, “so you really intend to go through with it then?”
The lightning flashed again as the man replied, “of course witch, but I am not paying you to question my courage or wisdom.  Proceed and do so in silence.  My attempts to kidnap or kill the crown prince have thus far availed me nothing, thus I am willing to try something a little more desperate.”  He smiled grimly, “that and far more amusing.  I could just cut his throat and be done with it, but I think what I intend will be far more pleasing to my masters than his death.”
“Yes milord,” said she with a mocking sneer.
“The rest of you may leave,” said the man sternly.  The minions wanted to complain that they had not yet been paid for services rendered, but there was such a tone of fury and dread in his voice that they wisely chose to obey, clearing the room as if someone had cried ‘fire.’
Suddenly the window blew open and the wind gusted in with such fury that every candle in the room, and even the hearth fire, was extinguished, plunging the room into darkness.  A great raven lit on the windowsill and croaked in triumph, “what you intend is great indeed boy, but not as grand as it might be.”
The man trembled, “what must I do?”
The raven laughed harshly, “you possess a vial of a certain noxious poison you filched from a villainess that had infiltrated the very heart of Astoria, go get it.”
The boy bowed and dashed from the room, wondering what the Fiend intended with that curiosity.  Before joining the Seer at his neglected house, he had been a pickpocket and sneak thief, and his interest and skills had resurfaced during his stay in Astoria.  He was often sneaking about the keep, eavesdropping or swiping small, useful objects for his own amusement.  He had even managed to sneak into the woman’s room and steal a vial of that curious liquid, never daring to open it or use it, however.  His heart pounded in fear and eagerness, what did his master intend?
It was she that had inspired him to chase his darker fancies, thus did he find himself in Glorin, trying to rid the country of the sole heir to the throne.  He had intended to just kill the boy, but then he had met the witch on a foray in the woods and they had struck up a conversation of mutual interest in which she had suggested a rather fascinating, and horrifying, alternative.  He would not only kill the prince, but become the prince, for she boasted that she could put his mind in the prince’s flesh, that he might reign in his stead in a way that would no doubt please his dark masters.  But the Fiend was suggesting something even grander!  He found the vial secreted amongst his things and returned to the room in which the prince and Brother lay.
“Now all we need,” said the bird thoughtfully, “is a wraith.”
“You’ll not get one to come willingly, milord,” said the witch with all reverence.
“No,” hissed the bird in cruel amusement, “but fear is an excellent motivator.  Take that jar and follow me.”  She bowed, took up a glass jar sitting forgotten on a shelf, and vanished after the raven into the storm, leaving the man to clutch his poison and wonder what was to come of the matter, but they returned shortly, an obviously unhappy shade fretting and fuming inside the jar as much as the storm did without.
“Now,” said the bird, “we may begin.”  He eyed the boy stonily, “you wanted to use the forbidden arts to transfer your soul into the prince’s body, but I have a far greater scheme in mind, besides, that is not the prince.”
The man frowned, “not the prince?”
The bird scoffed, “not in the least, it is a wretched creature known as a Shadow.  A mortal man, but with some rather annoying habits and skills, one being the ability to change his face to that of anyone, such as your beloved prince.  Ever have they been a thorn in my side, ruining carefully laid plans that have been years in the making, yet never will their precious Master allow me to so much as confine one, let alone destroy it.  You probably noticed some of their uncanny goings on with all your skulking in Astoria.”
“That I did,” said the man thoughtfully, “though never did I understand exactly what was happening.  So what is it you propose?”
The bird laughed darkly, “I will create my own order of super-fiends, men that can actually thwart and hound the Shadow.”
The man smiled grimly, “let me be the first.”
“Excellent,” said the bird, focusing on the hag he added, “proceed.”  He smiled maliciously at the boy, “it will not be pleasant.”
He shuddered but nodded, “nothing worthwhile ever is.”
The witch cut the throats of both Jace and Corbin as easily as if she were slicing bread, collecting blood from each in the container with the distraught wraith, but it dared not come out of the jar while the Fiend sat upon the windowsill.  Next the vile poison was added to the foul brew, which caused the wraith to howl in agony as it felt itself literally being eaten away, as if the poison were an acid capable of dissolving its misty form, for in very truth, it was.  When the creature’s wailing ceased, the woman dipped a dagger in the fetid brew and handed it to the boy, urging, “cut your palm quickly, ere the stuff dissolves the knife!”
With a shudder, the man did just that, the moment his blood touched the tainted dagger, he fell to the floor, thrashing in agony.  “Excellent,” croaked the bird as he flapped off into the night, his work complete.
The hag threw the fizzing concoction into the hearth where it hissed and fretted as the cooling ashes absorbed it as it dissolved them in turn.  With a shudder, she vacated the house and decided it was an excellent time to relocate, whatever horror she had helped birth, she had no doubt it would love nothing better than to make an end of her, just for the fun of it.
One of the ruffians peeked in at the door, saw the writhing shadow on the floor between the two murdered men, and suddenly thought better of ever asking for recompense for their efforts that night.  He and his cronies fled as quickly as the hag into the storm, knowing whatever their anticipated pay, it was not worth their lives.  Eventually the storm and the pain abated, revealing a wan grey dawn through the open window.  A thing wrought of shadow stood in the midst of the floor, wondering what it was.  It smiled dreadfully and knew itself for a monstrosity indeed.  It studied the other occupants of the room, both apparently dead, but the creature that resembled the prince drew its attention.  He had no interest in the true corpse, but this one intrigued him.  He could sense something, life or light or both, just beneath the surface, ready to break forth like a butterfly from its chrysalis.
He could do terrible things to this creature, helpless as it was, but not yet, not quite yet, he wanted it to be a surprise; he wanted this Shadow, and all his comrades, to quake in fear and dread to know they could be beaten, to know they at last had a worthy foe.  Yes, when the Hunter chose to reveal himself, it would be a terrible day indeed.  So sleep on little Shadow, for yet a little while, then your worst nightmares would find you in waking life.  The creature drew into itself and vanished in a dark flash.
The light stirred within Jace, mending his ruined throat and bruised head, even as it roused him to consciousness.  He sat up and looked around, his heart sinking to see Corbin in a like state, but one from which he would never waken upon the mortal earth.  He smiled sadly, remembering the boy in a similar state, but from which Jace had joyously summoned him back to mortal life, but not this time.  He wondered what dark sorcery had been wrought last night and if it had failed for involving the blood of a Shadow.  He could find no clue as to what had been done or what was so important that it had cost Corbin his life.  He laid a hand on the unmoving chest and said sadly, “farewell, my friend.”  The corpse vanished in a burst of light then Jace made his way to the palace to speak with the King as to the fate of his son.

“Astoria!” said the King in dismay, “Well at least he’s safe.  What of these plots against him?”
Jace frowned, “I have a feeling they are ended, Majesty.”
“Well then, bring the lad home,” said the King fretfully.
Jace grinned, “this is as much for his good as for his safety Highness.  Did you know he likes to wander the streets at night in disguise?”
“It does not surprise me,” said the King in exasperation, “very well, perhaps your people can teach him a little sense along with his algebra.  Good day!”  
With that, Jace knew he was dismissed.  As he was exiting the palace, a man approached, eager for a word with the young Messenger.  Jace stopped and waited the man’s approach, said he to the Lady’s Advisor to the King, “how may I be of service?”
Asked the man anxiously, “my apprentice seems to have vanished.  It is quite unlike him to be late or inattentive to his duties.  Might I beg your aid in finding him?”
Jace bowed his head, “Corbin?”
The man nodded hopefully, “you have seen him?”
Jace said quietly, “he was kidnapped and murdered last night by fiends unknown.”
“What!” gasped the astonished Philosopher, “He was but a boy.”
“I know,” said Jace, “it was a senseless act and I hope to track down those responsible.  I am sorry.”
The man sighed heavily, “thank you.”  He turned with slumping shoulders and walked slowly away.  Jace shook his head grimly and put his hand on his sword hilt, wondering how to begin his search.  He shivered, as he suddenly knew at least one of the fiends would be looking for him as well.


7

The old woman had just arranged the last of her knickknacks in the perfect spot within her new abode when a knock sounded upon the door.  She turned with a sigh, “drat!”  She laughed bitterly, “they won’t even give me a moment to enjoy the fruit of my labors.”  Her smile became ironic, “but then I suppose this is one of the fruits of my labor.  Come in!”
Jace entered the rather ruinous structure, ready for anger, despair, threats, or overt violence, but was astonished at what awaited him within.  As the woman puttered about with the tea things, she said resignedly over her shoulder, “I had hoped you’d give me a little more time lad, but I suppose I shouldn’t complain; it isn’t as if I gave you or your Brother that choice.  Come in, sit down, and we’ll talk, then you can have vengeance or justice or whatever it is you’ve come for.”  Mouth agape, Jace sat as one in a dream, frowning at the woman as if she were some sort of apparition he could not quite fathom.
She laughed at his consternation, “not what you are used to, I suppose, but none of the villains you’ve undoubtedly chased down have been as reasonable as myself.”  She smiled self-deprecatingly, “I knew my days were numbered the minute I involved myself in blood magic; I never dabbled in it before, nasty stuff really, but when the chance presented itself, I could not help myself, and thus do I perish.”  She frowned as she set out the tea, “I can’t say it was worth it, either.  Yes, I wrought something awful, but what good has it done me?  You’ll destroy that monstrosity too, thank goodness, and none will remember it or me.  It is all rather anticlimactic, and I must say, I would have been far better off continuing to meddle in the simpler and less vile spells which have hitherto been my specialty, not that any of it is considered wholesome, healthy, or permissible to the likes of you.”
She studied him with keen eyes, “you are no killer boy, so what are you doing here?  Will you murder an old woman over tea?”
Jace steadily met her gaze, tears sparkling unshed in his own eyes, “would you cut the throat of a boy who cannot defend himself?”
She sighed, “friend of yours, was he?  Too bad that, things always grow messy when it gets personal.”  She smiled wryly, “but I suppose I can’t play the sympathy card, since your question is as valid and heart-wrenching as my own, that and I have already admitted my own guilt.”  She gazed at him evenly, “so shall we speak of other things?  I can’t abide all this doom and gloom over tea, especially if it is to be my last.  You seem a well-spoken lad, so it would be a pity to waste this chance.”
Jace, still stunned, at last picked up his cup and his eyes widened in surprise at the rather pleasant taste of the brew.  She laughed, “come lad, I may be a murderess and a fiend, but I have dabbled in herblore enough to know how to brew a decent pot of tea.  Now come, I know you are dying to ask any number of things.”
He nodded vaguely, narrowed his eyes, and asked of the curious dame, “what is it you accomplished that horrid night?”
She shivered but said, “a true horror lad, I fled ere it was complete, but it was a terror the world has never seen and will hopefully never see again.  I was working with a mortal man, mind you, when this villainous raven decided to involve himself in the affair.  I thought to attempt a theoretically simple transfer of the villain’s mind into the body of the prince, but alas, you were no prince, merely an imposter, and an uncanny one at that.”  She frowned, “how is it you live again?  Who or what are you?”  Jace smiled at her mysteriously and she snorted, “fine, keep your secrets, anyway, when it was discovered what was going on, we proceeded as that fell raven suggested.  The man I was working for had some awful poison in his possession, this was mixed with your blood and that of your Brother, and a wraith was added to the concoction, which was then placed on a dagger and used upon the man himself.  The results were dreadful.”
Jace shook his head, his brow furrowed, “these spells all go dreadfully awry when the blood of a Shadow is involved.”  He looked at the woman hopefully, “have you any idea what it is you have wrought?”
She shook her head, “only that you are likely up against something that can no longer be considered a mortal man.  I think the resultant creature would now possess traits common to wraiths, but augmented with who knows what abilities?  He will be a deadly foe.”  She smiled grimly, “but you have already demonstrated your ability to overcome that minor inconvenience.”  She sighed heavily, “I don’t suppose there is any hope for my own benighted soul?”  Jace smiled at her sadly but hope shone bright in his eyes.
She was indeed a sensible woman and adapted quickly to the prevailing circumstances.  By the time they had finished their tea, she had made up her mind and faced her doom with a grave mirth that was in nowise lacking in hope.  Said she, “so how is this to be accomplished?  I don’t relish the idea of that sword of yours being used upon my person, but let it be done as it must.”  She smiled eagerly, “I am desirous to know what waits beyond this fickle mortal sphere.”
Jace held out his hand, it glowed faintly in the cottage’s ambient gloom, said he gently, “it need not be so grievous, madam.  Take my hand, and you need not know any discomfort.”  She stared at the proffered appendage curiously, smiled wryly, and then took his hand, vanishing in a flash of light.  Jace smiled sadly at the place where the woman had been standing and then hastened out into the rising day, his mind already focused on the next duty that lay before him, which would be nowhere near so pleasant.
He turned in horror as he emerged from the cottage and a fell voice whispered in his ear, “ah, here you are little Shadow!  The Hunter has found you at last.  Just as you have found the murderess, so I have found you.  A pity I could not make an end of her first, but what does it matter?  She is dead and soon you will join her.”
Jace studied the creature curiously as it spoke, knowing the moment it finished, it would tear him asunder.  It was vaguely man shaped, but Jace assumed it could take any form it preferred, just like a wraith, but instead of being little more than a dark fog with flaming eyes, this creature was composed of an inky blackness that took in all light and gave off nothing but dread and despair.  “What do you think?” asked the creature eagerly, “am I not a foe worthy of the Shadow?  At last you have met your match!”
Jace said quietly, “I have no power but that which my Master grants me, and He has overcome your own!”
The monstrosity chuckled, “pure propaganda!  If your precious master has truly conquered mine, why is it he still lets the Villain have his way with all the earth?”  The dread emanating from the Hunter increased tenfold, “as I shall now have my way with you!”  As the creature struck, Jace felt the light within him flare forth in protest, but the monster snuffed it as easily as one blows out a candle; as that maw of darkness closed upon him, his last conscious thought was that it minded him of the Abyss.

The Hunter gazed down proudly at his handiwork, quite pleased with himself.  Terrible foe indeed!  The creature had died as helplessly as a kitten in the mouth of a cur.  There had been an uneasy moment when that awful light threatened to break forth, but it was quenched as easily as a candle in a windstorm.  Bits and pieces of the late Shadow lay scattered about, but nothing anyone would recognize as anything but a bit of rotting carrion, and so would it be with all his fellows.  The Hunter smiled ravenously, why must he limit himself to the Shadow?  Did not the entire world lay vulnerable before him?  He shrank into himself and vanished from that place, eager to see what terror he could wreak upon the unsuspecting masses.
It was upon a bright and sunny hillside that he positioned himself with a pleasant country road meandering along one side.  He piled his inky bulk layer upon layer, mass upon mass, until he loomed over the road like a thunderhead on the horizon.  A flock of sheep came ambling up the way with two little girls in their wake: perfect!  He reared up to terrify and destroy, blocking the road with a great inky tentacle.  The sheep shied off the road, uneasy but not overly terrified, while their keepers hurried to cut off the unanticipated detour and chivied their charges to keep upon the usual course, oblivious to the horror that blotted out the sun and all hope upon that once cheery hillside.
Baffled, the Hunter lunged, striking with innumerable tentacles and claws wrought of utter night at girl and sheep alike, but the only result was a faint murmur of unease amongst the flock, which quickened its pace and soon vanished over a hill with its keepers in tow.  The flummoxed monster stared after in absolute horror; he could not best two girls and a flock of sheep?  He was the most hideous apparition ever to haunt the mortal sphere!
“But you do not abide in the mortal sphere,” came a solemn voice.
The monster glared at a miniscule magpie perched in a scraggly bush upon the hilltop, scorned the Hunter, “what would you know of it!”
“Far more than you could ever imagine,” said the Bird dryly.
“Humph,” snarled the monster, “tell me then, oh wise one!  What is this terrible hex that lies upon me and how might I free myself from it?”
The Bird shook His head, “you cannot.  It is no spell, but rather a protection written into the fabric of creation itself.  You have become an abomination, a thing outside of the reality you once knew and therefore you are unable to touch it.”
Said the creature triumphantly, “tell that to the unfortunate Shadow I shredded like so much paper!”
The Magpie shrugged, “that is another matter entirely.  They walk within the mortal sphere, true, but they also skirt the edge of eternity, which allows you to touch them, and they you.”
“Little enough good it did him,” crowed the horror, “I snuffed his light like a sputtering candle!  His master is powerful indeed!”
“You defeat the least of My servants,” said He in wonder at the creature’s hubris, “and think it akin to defeating Me?”
“Ah!” said the beast, “so you are him, are you!  I shall do to you as I did to the boy and then I shall be able to touch the world.”  But when he turned to strike, the Bird was gone.  Grumbling to himself, the Hunter shrank into himself and left the hillside to its otherwise cheerful vigil.

A magpie lit on the ground near the hovel where lay bits and pieces of mangled flesh which might have attracted the small carrion fowl, were He truly of that persuasion, but He had a far different intention for the remnants of what once had been His servant.  He flitted eagerly into the midst of a puddle from the recent rains and began splashing about after the manner of His assumed visage.  Flecks of water, sparkling like diamonds in the sunshine, landed all about Him.  As they landed on the scattered carrion, the shredded pieces began to rock and glow before coalescing into the form of a sleeping boy.  Finished with His bath, the Bird lit on the unmoving chest and breathed full upon the boy’s face.
Jace awoke with a wide yawn, smiling sleepily into the eyes of He who had wrought all.  The Bird cocked His head and said, “destroy the abomination,” before flitting off into the lengthening afternoon shadows.  Jace was on his feet in a moment, a glowing sword appearing unbidden in his hand.  His other hand glowed fiercely and summoned his unicorn from halfway across the world.  He mounted as the creature screamed his fury and eagerness to expunge this unholy stain from the face of all creation.  They vanished in another burst of light, reappearing in a wide meadow as evening was creeping in but an unnatural shadow loomed large in its midst.  A voice, like death itself, cackled, “so you live little Shadow and you think you and your beastie together are any match for me?”
“No,” said Jace evenly, “but my Master has called me to destroy you even so.”  His hand glowed again and suddenly Jared was standing at the unicorn’s shoulder, glancing about in surprise.  He was about to question the boy upon this summons when his eyes fell upon the Hunter; his mouth formed a silent, ‘oh,’ and then he glanced questioningly at his underling, who nodded firmly.  This time both of their hands glowed, summoning Adan and Baye, both aback their unicorns.  As the new arrivals stared about in confusion and then blanched upon sighting the monstrosity, Jared summoned his unicorn as Jace brought Hawk into the fray, who then summoned his own unicorn.
The monstrosity rumbled in delight, “ah, the full complement of my enemies!  Excellent!  I shall destroy you all in one fell swoop.”
Jared ordered, “surround the creature.”  Those not mounted were swiftly in their saddles, all saluted, and thundered off to their places.  Once his underlings were in position, Jared said sternly to the beast, “you are a blight upon the very face of creation, monster and your doom has been appointed.  Will you seek mercy, even so?”
The Hunter laughed harshly, “ah, little fool!  It is you and your feeble minions that will this night be unmade!”
Jared nodded, “that is true, for you cannot otherwise be defeated, but we do not fear such an end.  What of you?”
“You dare impugn my soul?” snarled the blot of darkness, deeper than the surrounding night, “I’ll make such an end of each of you that even your precious master won’t be able to piece you back together.”
Jared said quietly, “that is ever His prerogative and not yours to either give or take away.  Will you seek His mercy?”
“Do your worst, little Shadow,” mocked the creature, as each man and unicorn began to glow, faintly at first, but quickly rising to an unbearable intensity, at least to a mortal creature.  Laughed the monstrosity, “this is your worst?  You are more pathetic than even I thought!”  
Jared raised his right hand and the unicorn graven thereupon flared forth in a silver light as he cried, “reveal,” and at the same time loosed his own deadly light.  The monster could easily overcome one Shadow, his light barely stirring, but he could not escape the full intensity of that awful light loosed simultaneously from ten separate sources.  At Jared’s order, every man and unicorn in the Shadow found himself burning forth brighter than the sun at dawn.  The Hunter found himself in the center of that deadly radiance and his greedy darkness could not help but suck it in, as it did with all light of sun, candle, or star, trapping it forever within the folds of utter night wherein no hope or light could burn, no Light but this.
The light itself would have eradicated the hateful form, but his own nature was also working inadvertently against him, greedily consuming the very light that would destroy him.  With a whimper that trailed off into a pathetic wail, the vast mountain of darkness collapsed from within, leaving only a wisp of acrid smoke that was soon dispersed by a vagrant breeze.  Jared lay on the grass, insensible and still radiating a deadly fire, but a little bird dared that awful gleam, for it was His own.  He lit on a glowing shoulder and tugged at the unmoving man’s ear, eliciting an instinctive attempt to swat away the offender.  Jared woke with a start and smiled ruefully at his Maker, realizing Who it was he had just tried to shoo away.  “Well done, child,” said the Bird with a grin, before flitting off.
Jared cloaked himself again in mortal guise and then walked the perimeter of the meadow, wakening man and unicorn alike; soon the field was again draped in the quiet and peace of a summer night with no uncanny radiance to disturb its tranquility.  “What was that thing?” asked Baye, as the Shadow came together in a far corner of the field.
Jace shook his head, “hopefully the first and last of its kind.”  He smiled sheepishly, “thank you all for coming, I could not have overcome the thing alone.  It tore me to shreds with barely a thought when last I confronted it.”  He then went on to tell what little he knew of its creation and abilities; there were no few shudders of horror and revulsion as the tale was told, each very glad the horror had been forever banished from the world as they knew it.
Jared shook his head gravely, “let us hope this is the end of the Blight and the terror it has wrought upon the world.”
Baye said in astonishment, “you think the poison the same which that awful spider bore.”
“It could be nothing else,” said Jared in disgust, he turned thoughtful eyes upon Jace, “it must have been taken from Naia’s stash before it and the Eye were destroyed.”
“Will our enemies ever quit dabbling in such foul spells?” asked Jace in dismay.
Jared said stonily, “they never sleep lad, neither can we.”  He smiled heartily, “but we can take heart in knowing our Master’s power and will shall never be overcome, no matter the darkness that looms before us.  As we have had ample proof this day alone!”  A cheer resounded from the gathered Shadow at the truth in his words and all exchanged a look of wonderment and joy.  Jared said with a grin, “we all have duties to be about, I think.”  He sent Baye and Adan back to whatever the summons had interrupted and then turned to Hawk and Jace, “come lads, it is back to Astoria for us.”
Jace frowned, “I know we can each summon or send another to some distant place or even time, but how do you propose to move yourself?”
Jared laughed, “Captain’s prerogative lad, now are you coming?”
He climbed aback his unicorn and nodded, “yes sir, I don’t want to force your hand again, I know a few of the other tricks within your prerogative.”
Jared glanced amusedly at Hawk, “it seems he is starting to finally learn some sense.”
“Perhaps,” said Hawk with a grin, “I do not believe that is within his prerogative.”  They vanished back to the city with a brilliant flash before Jace could come up with a proper retort.


8

Hawk and Jared found themselves back in the relative privacy of their own chambers while Jace found himself still aback his unicorn in the woods surrounding the prosperous farmsteads of Astoria.  He said to his mount with a grin, “looks like we’ll have to walk back, old friend.”  The creature snorted dryly, bucked like a green horse, and set off at a gallop, Jace barely clinging to his back, but exhilarated by the ride.  They entered the outlying city at a more reasonable gait as the sun was on the rise, hoping to gain the castle gates ere the bulk of the morning throng clogged the streets and forced them to a snail’s pace.  They passed through the gates with ease, a young Messenger returning from his latest adventures in the wide world, or they would have had not someone been waiting in ambush for them.
“Oh!” said a far too cheerful voice for that hour of the dawning, “you’re back, you’re back!  This is just wonderful, truly it is!  I must tell the Lady at once!”  With that, a lad in the uniform of an apprentice of the Brethren, a Messenger at that, left his post at the gate and went dashing off into the keep.  Jace smiled wryly, almost pitying his sister such a wakeup call, but knowing the boy would be stopped ere he ever reached their esteemed mistress.  He exchanged a pained look with the nearest Warrior, who seemed to find the affair as amusing and perplexing as Jace himself; he had never thought Eric would become a Messenger!
Said the Warrior with a shake of his head, “he won’t last long among the Messengers if he can’t remain at his assigned post!”
“He is something of a loose cannon,” said Jace with a smile, “and a talkative one at that.”  He frowned, “how does he know aught of me?”
Jared emerged from the shadow of the wall, “he’s in dire need of a mentor and I think the Lady has plans for you, lad.”
Jace gaped, “what?!  Surely she knows better!”
Jared shook his head, “that is what I told her, but she will not be gainsaid.”
The Warrior frowned at their mystifying conversation, “how is it either of you can ever hope to question or gainsay the Lady?  We can but do her will and be content therein.”
Jace smiled sheepishly, “aye friend, we often forget our place.”  He eyed Jared with a smile, “especially some of the servants who have been in residence too long.”
Jared grunted, “perhaps you are right, but I would appreciate a word with you, sir.”  The last was said with enough italics that those on the battlements above no doubt heard them.
“Certainly,” said Jace with that peculiar grin of his, “lead on.”
Once they were safely alone, Jared rounded on the boy, ready to put him in his own forgotten place, but they both fell to laughing so hard at the irony of the situation that his ire was swiftly forgotten, but the reason for their conference still loomed before them.  Said Jared, to a now properly respectful and attentive Jace, “the lad is skilled enough that the Lady could not deny him a place among the Messengers, at least until he proves himself incapable by some other means, such as abandoning his post this morning, but she is loathe to place him with any of her regular field agents, knowing he cannot control his loquaciousness.”  He smiled rather grimly, “and I do believe she finds the whole ordeal rather amusing.”
Jace shook his head, “did you remind her of the debacle Scamp and Hawk suffered through until the latter was Called into the Shadow?”  He frowned, “Eric isn’t a potential initiate is he?”
“When I heard the Lady’s intentions, I handed him one volume of the Legends and asked if he might help me in understanding it.  He frowned and said he was no math genius himself, so I do not think so, at least at this point,” said Jared quietly.
“Can you not order her to place him elsewhere?” said Jace in growing dismay.
Jared laughed heartily, “that is not within the Captain’s prerogative lad.  I can insist, suggest, and demand, but she is not required to follow my advice, let alone may I order her about.  If you can’t talk her out of this foolish scheme, the lad’s career may well be a short one.”
Jace sighed, “that is precisely what I am afraid of!  Apprenticing with a Shadow is bad enough when you are not of that calling, but with me in particular, it would be far worse!  As annoying as the boy might be, he does not deserve to die for it nor will he learn what he ought from me!”
Jared said thoughtfully, “I think your sister rather intends to convince him that the Messenger sect is not the place for him, though he has the skills, his personality is not one that will be long happy nor well suited to such service.”
“But at the risk of his life?” said Jace aghast.
Jared shrugged, “it is the price paid by many a Messenger lad, he knows the risks and has agreed to this service even so.”
“And what if we can’t convince him otherwise?” asked Jace skeptically.
“As in all else, we’ll have to leave him to the Master’s keeping,” said Jared with a smile.  Continued he, “fear not lad, whatever betide, you are not alone.”
Jace smiled grimly, “and Eric talks enough to ensure that I shall not soon forget it!”  He saluted and said in farewell, “perhaps I can prevail upon the Lady to change her mind?”
Jared laughed, “not likely, but you are welcome to try.”
Jace sighed in dismay, “and I can’t toss her into a gorge to encourage a change of heart.  Thank you, captain.”  He bowed and exited the miniscule chamber to find a servant waiting for him, for the Lady had summoned him.  With a resigned smile, as one mounting the scaffold, he followed the man to his impending interview.

No sooner had the servant announced him and fled than the Lady’s benign and peaceful countenance became that of a woman plotting mischief and happy therein.  She smiled slightly, never completely forgetting that the man before her was her brother and therefore not quite treating him as she might any of her other servants, rather he both rankled her and heartened her by turns with his own roguish nature, unswerving devotion to duty, and inordinate boldness.  Her smile grew more perilous as she said, “you undoubtedly know why I have summoned you?”
Jace bowed his head, “I have an inkling my Lady.”
She raised an eyebrow, “and no outbursts or demands that my intentions are dangerous, if not crazed?”
Jace smiled in that infuriating way of his, “nay Lady, I am sure Jared has been quite bold and thorough upon that topic and I know you for neither a heartless wretch nor a cruel mistress, but I am curious as to the boy’s impending fate.  Why saddle him with me?”
She laughed, “or vice versa?”  
His smile deepened, “you could put it that way, my Lady.”
Sighed she, sitting back in her chair, “trust me, it was not my first or even my fourth choice in the matter, but to tell the truth, none of my other Messengers will take the boy!  They are unwilling to risk him in the field, that and he drives them to distraction with his unending chatter.  Skill wise, he is a competent initiate, but personality and habit wise, he is quite unfit for such a duty!”
Jace frowned, “then why not inform him of it and encourage him to seek service elsewhere within our ranks?”
She shook her head, “he will not listen nor believe if he does.  He has his heart set on it and speaks of nothing else.  Experience must teach him what he will not learn from others.”
Jace said bluntly, “I will get him killed, Lady.”
She smiled grimly, “I’d rather you convinced him of his unsuitability for the position first, but do as you must; he has been fully apprised of the risks therein.”
“Can you not just order him into a different sect?” asked Jace hopefully.
She smiled at him sadly, “I could, but I hate to do it, even to save his life.  It will crush him and he might never recover from the blow.  His is a nature that must convince itself, rather than be told.”
Jace bowed his head, “I will do what I can Lady, but mine is not an easy quest, especially for a mortal man.”
She gazed upon him gratefully, “I know you will do your best, Jace.  May the Master ride with you both.”
Before he left, Jace said quietly, “they will attack him to wound me.”
She whispered, “I know.”
He nodded and bowed in farewell, “then I will do my best, Lady.”

He met his bouncing baby apprentice in the hall, who was literally bouncing from foot to foot and babbling as avidly and incomprehensibly as any child of two.  Jace nodded in greeting but knew he would not get a word in edgewise so just continued down the hall with the ebullient Eric following in his wake.  It was just about time for breakfast so thither they went, Eric chattering on excitedly like a brook in flood, hardly stopping to either eat or breath while Jace picked rather dully at his food.  Finally he looked up and gazed so keenly at the boy that his unending babble trailed off and there was silence at last.  Said Jace quietly, but with an edge like a knife, “you left your post this morning.  Has anyone spoken to you upon the matter?”
The boy paled, stared desperately at his congealing eggs in hope of escape, but said to the table top, “no sir, but it was of the utmost importance.”
“No,” said Jace bluntly, “unless you want to break Oath, you must learn to obey a direct order and to attend to your appointed duties.  It was important to you, but neither a true emergency nor a matter of vital concern to anyone else.  You cannot survive amongst the Brethren with such disregard for your duties, especially amongst the Messengers!  If I am to take you abroad, you must learn to obey without question or hesitation or one or both of us will pay with our lives.  Am I understood?”
“Certainly,” said the irrepressible youth, “now when are you taking me abroad?”
“Not until you’ve fulfilled three nights of watching to compensate for your abandonment of your post this morning.  Fail again, and I will be forced to ask the Lady to withdraw you from the Messengers, am I understood?”
The boy blanched but nodded grimly, “I will do my best sir.”
“Good,” said Jace patiently, “you have the makings of a good Messenger if we can tame that tongue of yours and teach you to attend to the matter at hand.  You cannot charge through life paying no heed to things going on about you, unless you’d rather become a Philosopher and bury yourself in a library somewhere?”
The boy shook his head adamantly, “no sir, I will do my best.”
“That is all I ask,” said Jace, hoping valiantly that he would not live to regret it.  He grimaced, likely neither of them would live to regret it if the boy could not prove true to his word.  He chased the lad off to his regular classes and duties before attending to his own.
Jared met him just outside the dining hall with a wry grin, “you may be learning a bit of sense after all, lad.  Now why didn’t I think of something like this before?”
Jace snorted, “because you had no one you wanted to risk in my keeping.”
“True, quite true,” said Jared with a deepening grin.
“Has Naia awakened yet?” asked he, changing the subject.
“No,” said the servant grimly.  Jace nodded sadly, bid the captain farewell, and vanished deeper into the keep.

So eager was Eric to go abroad with his new mentor that he managed to attend to his duties and classes in relative quiet and even seemed to pay attention to all that passed around him, though some wondered if he would burst with the effort, but at last, his third night of watching ended with a brilliant dawn and a vast yawn, but he had made it.  Asked he eagerly as Jace came to relieve him, “can we leave now?”
Jace chuckled at his exuberance, “we’ll leave on the morrow, after you’ve had a good night’s sleep.  Now off to bed with you!”  The boy hastened off, too tired and excited to talk, which Jace mused was probably a first for the lad.
Jared commented wryly as Jace ambled by, “this might be your strangest adventure yet, and for you, that’s saying something.”
Jace shook his head, “for the boy’s sake, I hope not, sir, but we are ever in the Master’s keeping and in that I must trust.”
Jared sobered, smiling sadly, “may the Master ride with you both.”
Jace sighed heavily but nodded his thanks, vanishing after the fled apprentice.  The next morning they set off for Ipsorea.



Assassin:




1

“Isn’t this exciting!” chirruped the boy as they rode out into the dawning.
Jace wanted to bark in dismay, ‘no, now be quiet and learn to appreciate peace when you can,’ but rather, he said mildly, “I believe I felt exactly the same upon my first foray.”  He smiled wryly to himself, remembering that Baye had gotten him killed on just such an outing and then killed him repeatedly thereafter in an attempt to teach him control.  He looked sadly at the boy, knowing if such happened to the lad, he would never waken from that sleep called death, at least not in this mortal world.  It was just such an adventure that eventually led Scamp to finally Go, leaving the Shadow for the Master’s bright country, never to return.  He wondered what effect a similar incident would have upon himself and prayed desperately to never find out.
The days passed pleasantly enough, though Eric did babble on like a finch in a cage even though he was desperately trying to curb his tongue.  Jace knew he was trying and could ask no more of the boy, but he was beginning to appreciate the lad’s sharp mind, when he forgot himself and actually managed to concentrate on something for once, and his mastery of both the sword and the equestrian arts.  He would make a fine Messenger if ever he could learn to master himself as well.  That night, they crossed the borders into Ipsorea and made camp as usual, hoping to make it to the capital city the following afternoon.  The Lady’s Advisor to the King had vanished and there were reports of other eerie happenings within the realm, thus did the King beg the Lady to send help at her earliest convenience.
Jace could almost smell the Brotherhood’s involvement, a fact that made him leery of dragging Eric into the mix, but there was nothing else he could do.  He glanced at the boy, lost in his own vocal musings, so young, so vulnerable, so carefree.  He smiled grimly at this last thought, for that was the lad’s main difficulty: he was carefree enough for any six men.  Jace didn’t want to crush his spirit, as the Lady feared to do, but neither could he go through life so oblivious to everything but the words pouring from his indefatigable tongue.  They dismounted and went through their evening routine of setting up camp, eating, and then either practicing some martial skill or Jace would tell some tale, one of the rare moments when Eric was not suffering from a chronic monologue, before going to bed.  Jace kept watch most nights, though he asked Eric on occasion, just to get him into the habit and used to the idea, though his singsong commentary to the darkness would easily betray their camp to any lurking enemies, so it was rather a moot exercise, but a necessary one.
Feeling rather weary after contemplating what the future might hold for his loquacious apprentice, Jace asked Eric to stand watch that night as he settled into his blankets, hoping a good night’s rest would clear his mind and rest his flustered spirits.  His decision only brought him more disquiet however, for he had not been asleep long before he was awakened to an oppressive sense of evil by the frenzied cry of a terrified Eric.  Jace was on his feet in a moment, sword in hand, scanning the darkness for the wraiths he felt pressing in from all sides.  The frantic cries of the boy’s unicorn echoed in Jace’s mind, which only added to his agitation.  His eyes fell upon them even as his heart turned to ice within his breast, for five of the creatures had latched on to the horrified boy and were absorbing him into themselves, already his hands and feet had grown misty.
“Enough,” said Jace grimly, hefting his sword, allowing a little light to glimmer along the edge that the fiends might know he truly posed a mortal danger to them.
“If we let him go,” snarled one, “the boy will die!  You wouldn’t want his blood on your hands, would you?”
Railed another, “destroy us and the boy with us!  He’s as good as dead regardless, worse actually, for there will be nothing to bury!”
Jace felt the truth in their words and snarled silently at his inability to do anything, but suddenly he knew there was something that could be done, but would he?  Without hesitation, he flung himself at the wraiths and their nearly transparent victim, placing a firm hand on the boy’s shoulder and lashing out at the fiends with his sword.  They wailed pitiably, as they dissipated like smoke on the wind, as he struck each in turn.  As the last vanished, he felt the boy fading as well and sent a stabilizing pulse of light into the misty form.  He felt something irrevocable shift within himself and then they both fell into darkness.
Jace awoke to find he had fallen from the frying pan into the fire, for a band of armed horsemen, all with bows or swords at the ready, had surrounded them.  At least Eric slumbered on oblivious not far to his left, completely solid and breathing steadily.  He tried to summon the light within himself but found it gone, not surprised to find himself mortal once more, having traded his uncanny nature for the boy’s life.  He glanced at his right palm, and smiled to see a small silver unicorn still rearing thereupon.  Mortal true, but still a Shadow, nothing he had not faced before.
Seeing one of the men stir, the captain of the band snarled, “who are you and what are you doing trespassing upon his lordship’s lands?  Poachers no doubt!”
Jace stood shakily, still weak after last night’s adventures, and the men took in his uniform with a gasp, unconsciously checking their grip on their weapons.  “Well that answers that,” said the captain with a wicked smile, “bind him and let’s be on our way.  His lordship will be most appreciative of a visit from our esteemed Brother.”
“What of the boy?” asked one of the ruffians.
“What of him?” sneered the captain, “This fellow will be far more interesting than a nameless lad could ever be.  Let him awaken to find his companion gone and ever wonder what came of him.  If he were one of the Brethren, we might have a use for him, but he’s not, he’s just some wretch this fool picked up and took pity on, no doubt.  Move!”
Jace smiled grimly at his sleeping apprentice, glad that the lad had spilled his supper all over himself the evening before last, ruining his only uniform, and was forced to go about in what he could scrounge from the ragbag at a small inn they had passed the day after, cursing himself for a fool not to have packed a change of clothes, but such an oversight was quite typical of the boy so Jace made no comment upon the matter, but rather allowed experience to teach what it would.  He did indeed look the part of some poor waif Jace had taken on out of pity or charity.  So it was that they left him sleeping soundly in the bushes while the party bound his mentor and bore him off into the rising day, even with the racket of eight horses and nine men, he still did not waken.  The poor lad was probably in worse shape than Jace after last night’s adventure.  When he did finally waken, he glanced about in horror and wonder and then fainted dead away, his sensibilities overwrought as memories of the previous night returned in a horrid cascade even as he found himself utterly alone upon waking.

“Here we are,” said the captain proudly, though Jace was not sure from whence the feeling sprang, for their environs were not something of which he would have boasted, “here’s where you’ll live out the days, or perhaps hours, that are left to you.”  He told off two of his men, “take him to the Steward and apprise his lordship.”  They saluted rather sloppily and each took an arm of the prisoner, while the others rode off to continue their patrol.  Jace hoped they wouldn’t happen upon any other inadvertent wanderers and give them such a rude awakening too.
The Steward was a short, greying man in his middle years and did not seem overly impressed with the captain’s catch, but promised to inform his lordship directly, “wait here,” quoth he, before vanishing through an inner door.
Jace heard an exuberant, ‘well, it’s about time,’ and an eager, ‘you know what to do,’ then the Steward returned and said grimly, “follow me.”  They made their way outside into an overgrown garden, wherein they waited impatiently for his lordship to descend.
After an interminable wait, his lordship at last appeared; Jace knew immediately he was in the sway of the Brotherhood.  He studied the prisoner carefully, nodded at the Steward with an avaricious grin, and said, “you’ll do it then?”
Said the Steward with an arched eyebrow, “have I any choice?”
The lord laughed darkly, “that you don’t.  Let’s get on with this.  It’s nearly time for lunch.”  He glared at the soldiers, “hold him firm.”  They nodded grimly and the man handed the Steward a knife.
The Steward looked rather reluctant at first, but a brief glimmer of silver flashed on the captive’s right hand and caught his eye, suddenly he was all eagerness.  Jace heard the vile lord whisper, “remember, you need to taste his blood; then make sure the witnesses are disposed of.”
The Steward nodded grimly, still uneasy, but seemingly ready to obey his master; it was as he hefted the knife that Jace caught a flash of silver on the man’s own palm.  Smiling grimly, Jace did not struggle as the knife slashed across his throat.  As the captive slumped in death, blood still dripping from his ruined throat, Adan lifted the knife reluctantly, knowing his lordship was watching him with far too keen eyes but wondering if what he must do would somehow be his undoing.  A flash of white upon the wall behind them drew his eye, as a magpie chirruped, “easy child, do what you must and have no fear.”  With a grimace, he did that which was expected of him, gagging all the while but causing his master to smile in grim anticipation.
Snapped he, once Adan had gotten over the worst of his choking, “attend to the messy details, then report to me.”
“Yes, sir,” said Adan weakly.  He motioned for the horrified minions to take up their dead prisoner and follow him out the back gate and into the surrounding woods, a shovel propped on his shoulder.
Once well away from prying eyes and ears, Adan halted the myrmidons and said, “how much do you care for you lives?  Nay, your very souls?”
They set down their burden and turned horrified eyes on this heartless fiend, said the first, “our lives are all we have sir and we know little of such a concept as the soul, if it even exists.”
Adan nodded solemnly, “oh, it exists all right, it is just that few people take the time or effort to realize it.  I would highly advise you to take a serious look thereat, before it is too late.”
“Too late?” stuttered the second.
Adan smiled grimly, “your benevolent lord has ordered me to make an end of the witnesses involved in this debacle.”
“An end?!” gasped the first.
Adan continued, his smile growing grave indeed, “and that being you, I will completely disregard that order.”
“Wait,” said the second, “you slit that man’s throat as if he were a pig and then tasted his blood like some sort of villain in a story.  How is it you’ll be all merciful to the likes of us?  And why should we trust you?”
Adan knelt beside the dead man with an eager smile, “I have my reasons.”  He summoned Jace back to waking life as the soldiers sputtered and gaped in horror and astonishment.  He offered his friend a hand up, which he took eagerly, but staggered drunkenly as he gained his feet.  Adan frowned, “what’s the matter?”
Jace put a hand to his head and bent double, as if dizzy or nauseous, groaned he, “I feel awful.”
Adan shook his head, “that is obvious; here.”  He placed a hand on Jace’s shoulder and a pulse of light passed between them, Jace immediately felt himself again, mostly, for he was still a mortal man and his weakness was that which usually accompanied a mortal man’s return from death.  Adan’s light had driven the weakness away but could do nothing for his mortality.  
He gave his friend a roguish grin, weak though it was, “how does it feel to be an official member of the Brotherhood?”
Adan smiled wryly, “exactly the way you felt just now.”
“Worse, I would think,” said Jace with a laugh, his usual jovial spirits returning as he took in their situation.  “What of our friends here?”
Adan shrugged, “that is up to them.  I recommend they leave immediately, for their master thinks them dead.  At least they now know I am not so heartless a fiend as they think me.”
Jace frowned, “what are you doing here?”
Adan shrugged, “that I have yet to discover, besides for the obvious fact that his lordship is meddling in powers beyond his comprehension.  And you?”
Jace shook his head, “the King’s Advisor has gone missing, that along with some other odd occurrences, prompted the King to write to the Lady for aid.  I and my apprentice have thus come.”  Adan raised an eyebrow and Jace shook his head, smiling sheepishly, “Eric!”
Adan frowned, “is he?”
“No,” said Jace with a sigh, “hence my predicament.”
“I hope this is not a repeat of Hawk’s apprenticeship,” said Adan worriedly.
Jace laughed, “you and me both, though the wraiths were after him last night.  They nearly succeeded, but I...”  He trailed off awkwardly, glancing at their mystified companions.
They drew away slightly and Adan said knowingly, “I thought you felt odd, that and the weakness after waking!”  He shook his head, “how long?  I thought you would be restored to yourself upon death?”
Jace shook his head, “not this time, I did it willingly and must endure it as long as the boy lives, else his doom shall be upon him once more.”
“And for Eric!” said Adan in wonder, “I am not sure I could do it.”
Jace grinned, “that you would my friend, even for him.”
Adan smiled, “how do you get yourself into these things, my friend?”
Jace shrugged, “I have no idea, but such is my duty.  At least now there is less chance of me getting the boy killed during his apprenticeship, for the truly suicidal missions shall no longer fall to me.”
“They will,” said Adan with a laugh, “but you’ll just be nauseous and bedridden for weeks afterwards.”
Jace sobered and eyed the guards, “what of them?”
Adan shook his head, “I would recommend they ride for Astoria, if they will.”
Jace nodded, “I’ll see to them, what of you?”
Adan smiled grimly, “I will return to my master and begin my initiation into the Brotherhood.”
Jace nodded, his inimitable grin in place, “for once it is not me.  Fare thee well, my friend.”  Adan nodded and headed back in the direction of his lordship’s humble domicile while Jace addressed the befuddled guards.
“Gentlemen,” said he, “we are all of us supposed to be dead, but as my friend has been so gracious as to spare or restore our lives, I suggest we make use of his merciful gift.  If you are baffled about what to make of your lives, ride to Astoria, for there lie answers to questions you have not yet dared to ask.”
They nodded but made no move towards the supposedly dead man nor tried to ask anything further of him, rather they slunk off into the lengthening shadows of the afternoon.  Jace summoned his unicorn and said to the creature with a resigned smile, “ready to carry a mortal man once more, old friend?”  The reply he felt in his mind, though not as clear as it once might have been, utterly warmed his heart as they rode off towards the capital.

When Eric roused again, the sun was beginning to set and still there was no sign of Jace, but his unicorn stood at his shoulder and nuzzled him gently, whickering in reassurance.  Shakily he stood and climbed aback the faithful creature, though he had to kneel that the lad might mount.  Said the boy grimly, “let’s at least get to the castle, perhaps the King will know what to do!”  He rode on in bitter silence, wondering whither Jace had fled or what had come of him, and if those horrid visions of the previous night had truly been real.  With a shudder, he knew they had been and hoped against hope that he had not been spared at the cost of his mentor’s life.


2

Filthy, exhausted, disheartened, the boy wandered the streets of Ipsorea’s capital city; the guards at the castle gates had laughed openly at him when he demanded entrance, an audience with the King, and said that he had been personally sent by the Lady of Astoria.  They had ridden all night and reached the city with the dawning, but there was still no sign of his mentor nor had they a place to rest and refresh themselves.  So it was that the sun was beginning to set and a miserable night appeared to be looming before them, worse, Eric had heard rumors of evil things that stalked the streets after dark and he was loath to meet such nightmares again in the waking world.
He looked hopefully at the open door of an inn, from which wonderful smells and welcoming light and laughter were streaming, but a grim looking man leaning a little too casually against the doorframe glared at him balefully and shook his head, that such a ragamuffin was not welcome within.  With a heavy sigh, Eric turned away from the hopeful sight, wondering what would come of him this night, when a firm hand landed on his shoulder.  He started at first but then looked up into the smiling eyes of his mentor and nearly collapsed in joy, said he faintly, “you are real, aren’t you?”
Jace laughed warmly, “easy lad, you’ve had a rough time of it.  Let’s get you cleaned up, fed, and in bed; you look awful.”
As they made their weary way back towards the palace, tired as he was, Eric could not help but ask, “where have you been?  What were those horrid shadows?”
Jace studied the boy curiously, “I’ll answer your questions, but first tell me how much you’ve spoken since our parting?”
The boy frowned thoughtfully and then gaped in astonishment, “only when I had to.”  He smiled broadly, “I can curb my tongue!”
Jace shook his head, a slight smile on his face, “at least under dire circumstances.  I was waylaid by bandits, who felt it impolite to disturb your rest, after that minor incident, I set out for the castle and arrived late last night.  Since, I have been in council with the King, trying to discern what is afoot in Ipsorea.  My unicorn assured me that you and your mount were en route and were relatively safe and healthy, but it was only late this afternoon that I heard some of the off duty guardsmen laughing about an upstart rascal demanding admittance to see the King in the name of the Lady of Astoria.  I came looking for you immediately, for the streets are not safe after dark, especially for you.”
Eric frowned, “what do you mean?”
Jace shivered, “you asked about those shadowy creatures that attacked you?”  Eric nodded and Jace continued, “they are called wraiths, and there is a pack of them running loose in the city.  They can’t abide sunlight or go indoors unless invited, so we are relatively safe as long as we are inside after dark, but as one who survived just such an attack, they will be drawn to you and you to them.”
“How did I survive?” asked Eric in consternation, “I remember feeling rather thin, as it were, besides for the horror of the situation, then you were there and everything was light followed by darkness.”
“It was a miracle, lad,” said Jace quietly, “a miracle pure and simple.  No mortal man can usually withstand such an attack or defeat the horrid things.”
“What are they doing roaming the city?” asked Eric in mystification, “I have never heard of such an infestation before, not that I had ever thought such a thing existed until the other night.”
Jace nodded grimly, “they usually haunt the darkest corners of wild and forgotten places, especially where great evil was once wrought, but they come forth to do their master’s bidding when he has plans afoot.  That they are running amuck in the city means something evil is in the works, hence our presence.”  He turned grim eyes on the boy, “do you want to go through with this?  It is not too late to find another sect within the Brethren.  You have almost died once and our adventure is barely begun.”
The boy smiled grimly, “I will see this through or die trying, sir.”
Jace nodded, a proud smile on his face, “you have a stout heart lad, if ever you can stop talking long enough for people to realize it!”  The boy blushed but did not answer, for they had reached the castle gates; the guards eyed them stonily as they passed, especially the scoundrel that Eric appeared, but said nothing as they recognized Jace as the temporary Advisor to the King.  The boy was soon clean, fed, and settled happily in bed while Jace returned to the King to continue their conference on the uneasy happenings in Ipsorea of late.
He found His Majesty standing at the darkened window in a modest sitting room, dark save a dying fire upon the hearth at the far end.  As the servant announced him, the King turned from his apprehensive musings to face the man he hoped could restore order and joy to his Kingdom.  “What are we to do?” asked the King, more rhetorically than in any real hope of an easy answer.
Jace shook his head, staring into the embers as the King joined him by the fireplace.  “I do not know Majesty,” said he, “evil is certainly afoot in your realm and I will do all I can to bring it to heel, but I am only beginning to unravel the mystery, but we are not alone.  What can you tell me of a Lord Thesk?”
The King’s mood suddenly soured, “have you had the pleasure of meeting that villain then?”
Jace nodded grimly, “I fell afoul of some of his minions en route here; they waylaid us as trespassers and poachers alongside a public road.”
“You’re lucky to be alive,” said the King, “he is ever an opportunist, even when there is little or no gain for himself.  He enjoys nothing more than making life miserable, or removing it completely, from anyone he can.  If anyone was behind the menace stalking Ipsorea, he would be my first candidate.”
“He is deeply steeped in evil, Sire,” said Jace with a shiver, “but whether he is the head or merely another appendage of the problem, is yet to be discovered.”
There came a knock at the door and the King ordered the man without to enter, a servant came in and asked, “there is one Lord Fenk asking after an audience Majesty, he claims you have promised to speak with him on a most pressing matter.”
“Ah, yes,” sighed the King, “admit him.”  In an aside to Jace, he whispered, “the fellow is convinced he has the answer to all our problems, but whether he is a help or a hindrance, I have not yet discerned.  He’s all yours if you would find him at all useful.”
Jace smiled blandly, “let us hear him out, Highness.”  The King flashed him an impish grin before settling a look of stony indifference on his face as Fenk approached and made his bows.  He did not look overly impressed to see one of the Brethren already there.
Said Fenk with a condescending smile, “ah Majesty, it is ever a pleasure.  You know my forefathers were renowned for their cunning, courage, and martial skills; some of Ipsorea’s greatest generals have come of our stock.  In light of our current crisis, I propose the formation of a special task force that will patrol our streets and drive this evil from Ipsorea.”
“With you at its head,” said the King dryly.
“Of course,” said the man with a greasy smile.  He bowed his head to Jace, “and our dear Brother could certainly take part, if he has the stomach for it, that is.”
Jace frowned slightly at the man’s insult but schooled his features to neutrality as he said, “I appreciate the offer, sir, but I fear this is a fool’s errand, a deadly one at that.  No mortal man can hope to stand against such evil and live, let alone drive it away.”
The man sneered in triumph, “I knew you wouldn’t be interested, cowards that the Brethren are.  I know there are risks of course, but we must do something!”
The King turned pleading eyes to Jace, “we are doing all we can Lord Fenk.  Proceed as you feel you must, but know I find the whole idea ill-advised.”
Lord Fenk bowed deeply, “so noted, Sire, but I am a man of action and thus must act.”  He withdrew with an eager smile while Jace exchanged a grim look with the King.

Fenk returned to his cronies, a group of younger sons and minor nobles who had little chance of ever rising far amongst Ipsorea’s elite, but who were eager to stretch their wings and try, or at least have a little adventure in the process.  Fenk himself was rather young, quite ambitious, and eager for his own chance of fame and glory.  Said he with great ado, “the King has not so much given his blessing as his permission, but we will commence, despite his unease and gain more glory thereby!”  This interesting statement was met with eager cheers and much joy as each man pledged anew his undying devotion and courage to whatever enterprise their esteemed leader dared propose.
“Our first order of business,” said Fenk eagerly, “is to design a uniform, a flag, a rallying cry, a name for our esteemed order, and so forth, that our glory may live on long after this menace has been dealt with.  What say you?”  They enthusiastically greeted this sensible suggestion and spent many a happy hour thereupon.
A very sleepy but exulted Fenk presented himself to the King over toast and eggs the next morning, yawning profusely.  “The Shadow of the Unicorn?” said the King with a slight frown, “is that not a bit...presumptuous?”
Fenk pointed at the rearing unicorn embroidered upon Jace’s tunic and said with a smile, “if the Brethren can assume such affectations, why can’t we?”
The King exchanged a puzzled look with Jace, who shrugged and smiled blandly, “they will do as they please Sire, and if it is something truly of the Unicorn it will endure, otherwise it will fade away like mist upon the sun’s rising.”  When he had first heard that name spoken aloud amongst strangers, he had flinched, but upon realizing the man was simply trying to add legitimacy to his harebrained scheme, he relaxed significantly and said nothing upon the matter, unless pressed.
“Very well,” said the King, “do as it pleases you, just keep me abreast of all that passes with your little club, and try not to kill anyone.”
Fenk bowed grandly and made his exit, ready to set every seamstress in the Kingdom to work if necessary.  The King shook his head in amusement, “what a silly name!  But then, they are young and need something grand to enrapture their imaginations and keep them out of trouble.”
“It is not the name that will imperil them Highness,” said Jace quietly, “but rather the grand schemes they mean to employ under its auspices.  If it were only flags and cheers and uniforms, they could make a mockery of themselves all they like, but no mortal man should willingly go up against such evils.”
“Yet I dare not stop them,” said the King gravely, “I might have a riot on my hands!  Those involved are related to some of the most powerful and influential men in the Kingdom, thus I must allow them to get themselves killed if that is their desire.”
Jace smiled suddenly as Eric peeked into the small breakfast room wherein the King and his Advisor had closeted themselves, “I have an order for the seamstresses as well, Highness.”  The boy presented himself timidly to his mentor, far too overawed by the King’s presence, but desperate to stay close to the only person in the entire Kingdom he knew.  He was clad quite plainly but respectably though not in the requisite uniform.  Continued Jace, “my poor minion seems to be without a stitch to wear, Majesty.”
The King laughed and the boy blushed, said the King, “that at least I can provide you.”  He sobered, “now go solve my problems!”
Jace asked with a slight smile, “how long do we have Highness?”
The King said around mouthful of toast, “would midafternoon be long enough?”
They smiled at his desperate attempt at humor, bowed themselves out, and then found a private corner in which to confer.  Said Eric hopefully, “so you have a good idea what is going on then and how to stop it?”
Jace shook his head, “nay lad, it isn’t as in the stories where the hero both discovers and solves the problem in ten pages before riding homeward into the sunset.  We know the Lady’s Advisor has vanished, we know wraiths stalk the streets, and there are countless rumors of other uncanny, though unsubstantiated, happenings.”
The boy frowned, “what is the point then?”
Jace said quietly, “if the unrest and fear continue long enough, the King himself will be at risk of being ousted in favor of someone who can keep order and peace in the Kingdom.”  Jace frowned, “I wonder if that is what that upstart lord is truly up to?”  At Eric’s frown, Jace smiled ruefully and told him of the ‘Shadow of the Unicorn.’
“Could I join?” asked the boy hopefully.
“What?!” said Jace in surprise, “you are certainly skilled enough to join any military group of your choosing, but do you really wish to hang about with such conceited and clueless fellows?”
Eric blushed and looked at the floor, “who is it that forgot to pack a spare uniform?  I am not so observant myself at times, perhaps this is my chance to be so?  Besides, it will give me something to do besides following you around like a lost puppy and it will give us ample warning if these fellows turn out to be more a nuisance or threat than we anticipate.”
Jace nodded eagerly, “well spoken, but they may not accept a man not of noble birth.”
Eric shrugged, “if I dress the part, perhaps they will not even ask?”
Jace laughed, “you are an intrepid one, lad.  I guess we’ll ask the King for a different sort of uniform.”
They returned to the breakfast room, where the king was just finishing his eggs, and told him of their idea.  He nodded eagerly, “excellent, most excellent.  Someone needs to keep an eye on those fellows and no one has yet associated the boy with the Brethren.”  He smiled, “besides, it will be far easier to outfit you as a nobleman’s son than try to replicate your proper uniform.”  He rang the bell and a servant came running, said the King, “take this young man to the Steward and let him be arrayed as befits a lord’s son.”  The man bowed and herded the wide-eyed Eric out, who though eager to propose the idea, was not quite so sure about its inception but it was too late now!  “Now,” said the King with a smile, “what other brilliant ideas do you have?”

“I am off,” said Lord Thesk to his Steward, “you know what to do while I am gone.  When I return, it will be your own turn for such a journey.  Don’t let the Kingdom grow too dull in my absence.  Remember, you’ll receive orders and no doubt important visitors, intent on making sure you are doing as you should.  Just because I am gone does not mean you can get away with anything.”
“No, sir,” said the Steward, as his master mounted his horse and headed north in pursuit of a certain vile reptile.  Adan went back into the house with a grim smile, wondering what he was to do as the temporary head of the Brotherhood’s operations in Ipsorea.  Where was Jace when he needed him?  This was a perfect assignment for the enigmatic boy, who seemed to flourish in such roles.  He smiled eagerly and summoned a certain minion, said he when the man arrived, “the King has a new Advisor from Astoria, bring him to me; make sure he is hooded and bound and that no one knows that he is here besides the two of us.  Be careful, he is a dangerous foe.”
The man bowed deeply, rubbing his hands together eagerly, “fear not sir, I shall do as you ask.  I am eager to test my skills against so skilled an adversary; it has been some time since I have had an assignment worthy of my abilities.”  He bowed again and slunk from the room.  Adan shivered, wondering how a man could be so dispassionate about his fellow men and see murder and kidnapping as just another day on the job.  Now to discuss the matter with the Captain and Hawk; he locked himself in his private chambers and summoned the others for a very curious meeting.

Lord Thesk’s personal assassin departed the Steward’s presence with quick and eager steps, anticipating an assignment at last worthy of his impressive skillset.  Killing a man was a simple enough task that he could almost do it in his sleep, doing it secretly added a little more flair to the job, but it was still rather routine.  Kidnapping a man required much more in the way of skill, luck, and planning, especially when he was as dangerous and wary as the Steward implied.  Getting him out of a place like the palace and back to Lord Thesk’s estates with none the wiser added another layer of complication, which the rather bored assassin considered with the utmost pleasure.  Yes, it would be a delightful assignment indeed.


3

Jace paced uneasily in the gardens, wondering what next was to be done.  Eric was well on his way to infiltrating the so-called Shadow of the Unicorn, which was even now causing quite a stir amongst the castle’s elite, especially the young ladies.  The younger lords and noble sons were also enamored with the idea and went flocking to Lord Fenk in hopes of being part of it.  Eric was just one among an innumerable throng of such eager seekers and his skills would soon earn him a place among them while the sheer number would keep any from questioning his background, for what was the history of another noble foreigner to them so long as he could maintain the appearance of such?
Jace was both delighted and saddened to see that the boy’s brush with death had cured him of babbling, at least for the most part, though he still tended to ramble when nervous; while certainly beneficial in innumerable ways, it was still as if some vital part of him had truly died that night.  Jace smiled ruefully, wondering if this was how a father might feel when his little son learned to walk and forever put babyhood behind him; it was certainly natural and good but did not go without a pang of loss and regret, whatever the promise of the future.
Reluctantly, he turned his thoughts back to the King and his problem.  What were they to do?  Besides for the obvious problem of wraiths running amuck in the city, Lord Thesk’s involvement in the Brotherhood, and the vanishment of the Lady’s Advisor, there was nothing concrete to address, only vague rumors of various uneasy happenings, ghostly sightings, and so forth.  No one could substantiate anything, it was always ‘my neighbor’s brother’s wife’s aunt’s cousin’s washerwoman,’ or some such, but there were enough such stories that they could not be ignored, for the citizens of Ipsorea certainly were not ignoring them and each day they grew more uneasy and jumpy, and louder in their insistence that the King do something, anything, to counter these nameless rumors of hauntings and worse.  Jace frowned thoughtfully, perhaps this ersatz Shadow was just the thing to give people the sense that something was being done, even if it were all frippery and boasts, which would give him time to figure out the truth of the matter and actually set it aright.  Where was Adan when he needed him?
Finally he focused his attention outward, having wandered aimlessly during his musings and found himself in a forgotten corner of the palace grounds, shaded by ancient trees wherein ferns and moss were wont to lurk.  With a rueful smile at his inattention, he thought to return to the more traversed parts of the castle when a flicker of movement caught his eye, his hand strayed automatically to his sword hilt, but it was only a servant come to find him, probably with a message from the King.  He relaxed his guard and waited patiently for the man’s approach, but he could not fully relax, for there was something about this particular servant that was not right.  He wore the livery and bland expression of a palace menial, but the way he moved, held himself, and his overall mien spoke of a man who thought well of himself and likely had the skills to inspire such confidence.
Sensing his target suspected something, the assassin could not help but smile in anticipation, this was no lamb to go meekly to slaughter but rather a wary old ram who had survived wolves and worse and would not go quietly or willingly into death’s dark door or even into a strange pen.  Keen eyes met his own confident gaze and they studied one another silently for a long moment; the assassin’s smile deepened, for here truly was a worthy foe, a pity he must be trussed like a chicken for market rather than being allowed to cross swords with such a man.
“What do you want?” said Jace stonily, his hand again on his sword hilt.
The man smiled wryly, “am I not a mere servant, sir?  With no wants of my own, my only desire but to serve my betters?”
Jace smiled in grim amusement, “that you certainly are not.”
The faux servant laughed outright, “so what shall come of our impasse, sir?”
Jace cocked his head, “what are your intentions?”
The man shrugged, “I am ordered to bring you bound and masked before my master with none the wiser.”
“Kidnapping, eh?” said Jace with a grim smile, “What if I were to accompany you willingly?”
The man gaped, a thing rarely done, for almost nothing could surprise him any longer, said he warily, “is this some trick?”
“No,” said Jace, his smile deepening, “there is a riddle I cannot solve on my own and whoever he is, your master may be the key.”
The man shook his head, “do you not know what came of your predecessor?”
Jace nodded sadly, “I do not know the particulars but I can guess well enough.”
“Then you know you will not long survive an interview with my master,” said the man in astonishment that one so bold could also be so foolish.
Jace shook his head, “too well do I understand the risk sir, but this matter puzzles me exceedingly and I am bidden to find answers.”  He smiled impishly, “besides, it will make your job the easier.”
Sighed the man, “but I don’t want easy!  Do you know how long it has been since I had a true challenge and how much I looked forward to accomplishing this task?”
Jace nodded, “I can understand how a man of your skill and ability could soon grow bored with the commonplace tasks assigned to him.”  He flashed the man a roguish smile, “I recently spent six months earning my keep as a stable boy when that is not my true profession.”
The man snorted a laugh in spite of himself, “a more sensible hostage I’ve never had.”
Jace smiled wryly, “there are certain persons I wish could hear you say just that.”
The man’s smile deepened, “they don’t account you sensible then, at least not very often?  Perhaps this is one of those rare occasions.  I hate to say it, but will you come quietly, without trouble or fuss?  I’d much rather try my skill against yours, but that would draw unwanted attention.”
Jace nodded, “lead on, would you prefer I don a hooded cloak or some such disguise?”
Jace soon disguised himself as the man suggested and then together they exited the castle through a little used kitchen gate with none the wiser until the King tried to summon his new Advisor but the man could not be found.  They reached Thesk’s estates late that afternoon, Jace fully hooded and cloaked.  The guards made to stop them, but upon recognizing the assassin, they drew back out of respect and no little fear, allowing the men to pass unimpeded.  The assassin took him directly to the Steward’s personal chamber and knocked upon the door, with anyone they happened to pass in the corridors shrinking back into the shadows like frightened mice, none daring to confront the dangerous man.
“Come,” came the immediate command and the pair entered without hesitation.  Adan frowned upon seeing the captive walk in of his own accord, said he to the assassin, “did I not instruct that he be bound and masked?”
The man shrugged, “he came of his own volition sir, and I thought such impediments to his movements would only draw attention.  I don’t know if you know much of these Brethren, but his word will bind him far more tightly than any rope.  He promised to make no trouble so thus have I brought him.”
“Very well,” said Adan in dismissal, “do not go far, I will likely have another task for you soon, hopefully one befitting your extraordinary skills.”
The man bowed deeply, “thank you sir,” and departed.
“Now,” said Adan with a grim smile at his captive, “I have a proposition to make.”
Jace grinned, “you know I cannot bargain with evil, no matter how courteous.”
Adan laughed, “it is a good thing I am not of that disposition then.”
Jace frowned, “did you really order that man to have me bound and brought to you like a trussed goose?”
Adan smiled, “what else could I do?  Send for you?  Invite you to tea?  I am glad you were both reasonable enough to make that inconvenience unnecessary.”
“I need your help,” said Jace evenly, “so it was quite convenient, this summons of yours.”
“I need yours as well,” said Adan, “I am no evil overlord yet that is the part I must play to discover what is afoot in Ipsorea.  You are far better at such charades.”
Jace snorted a laugh, “you mean I’ve stumbled into such paradoxical roles a time or two.”  His countenance fell, “so you know nothing of the evil happenings in the Kingdom?”
Adan shook his head, “I know a little and will undoubtedly know more.  Thesk has put me in charge while he is off hunting lurkers and warned that I would not be unsupervised nor without orders.”
Jace nodded, “that will be helpful, when it comes, but what do we do in the interim?  I cannot be of much use to you in my current state.”  He smiled dryly, “especially when some of your minions know me to be dead and anyone who has been in the castle of late will undoubtedly recognize me as the King’s Advisor for the Brethren.”  He said quietly, “it seems neither of us will be of much help to the other.  You can but sit here and wait for orders while I must stew in the castle and wait for something to happen.”
“No,” said Adan just as quietly, “we do have an option and that is why I summoned you.”
“I am content with my choice,” said Jace uneasily, “I know it hinders my usefulness at times, but is that worth a man’s life?”
“How many lives will it cost because you cannot do your duty as efficiently as you should?” asked Adan quietly.
Jace dropped his head and said mournfully, “a question that has haunted me from the first, but it still feels like the right thing to do.  We must trust the Master to protect those who might be so affected.”
Adan smiled gently, “easy my friend, I am not condemning your decision, rather I am proposing an alternative to both dooming the boy and your continuing in this inefficient state indefinitely.”
Jace looked up, hope and fear mingling in his eyes, whispered he, “what are you proposing?”
“As a field agent,” said Adan slowly, “you are greatly hindered by your current state, but there are others whose duty would not make the condition near so grievous.”
Jace raised a quizzical eyebrow, “are you proposing I become swordmaster again?”
Adan smiled, “nay friend, I propose you importune the current swordmaster rather than yourself.”
Jace gaped, “I couldn’t do that to Hawk!  I brought this affliction willingly upon myself and will not foist the consequences on someone else for my own benefit.”
Adan gave him a stern look, “no, rather you would endanger an entire kingdom because you are too proud to ask for help.”
Jace opened his mouth but his defensive words died aborning as the truth of Adan’s observation sunk in.  He studied the floor once more, “you are right.”  He looked up and sheepishly met Adan’s gaze, “I would rather bear the consequences of my own decisions, despite the cost to others, rather than admit that I need help.”  He shook his head, “you would think I would be beyond such pettiness by now!”
Adan grinned, “as long as we linger in this broken mortal sphere we are all of us vulnerable to such failings.  The question is, will we confront them when we realize our mistake or dwell unrepentantly in their shadow, thus hindering our ability to do that which we have sworn to do?”
Jace sighed heavily, “how can I ask such a thing of anyone?”
Adan said quietly, “you don’t have to.  I have spoken at length with both the Captain and Hawk and both agree that it is what must be done.”
Jace gaped in wonder and joy at this reminder of the character of the men he served with, never having imagined anyone capable of such dedication, courage, and sacrifice.  He bowed his head in contrition and sighed quietly, “let it be as you have spoken.”
Adan nodded as his hand began to glow; a moment later an unsurprised Hawk stood with them in the room.  He studied the chagrined Jace with a knowing smile and then said amusedly to Adan, “he’s taking it exactly as we predicted.”
Jace’s head snapped up and he stared at his vastly amused friends in wonder, before his brow furrowed and he said quietly, “you knew this would happen all along?”
Hawk clapped him encouragingly on the back, “we know you well, dear friend.”  
Jace smiled at him warmly, whispering, “I cannot ask such a thing of you!”
Hawk smiled wholeheartedly, “you don’t need to ask, my friend!  I consent to this with all my heart.”  His smile turned sad, “after all, I remember what Scamp endured on my behalf and I on his.  The least I can do is save you from such heartache and spare your loquacious apprentice the same.”
Jace’s peculiar grin returned, if halfheartedly at first but soon burst forth like the sun in its rising: full, bright, and clear without hesitation or falter, said he, “dearer friends a man cannot have.”
Adan chuckled, “we knew you’d say that too.”
Jace, his humor restored, countered, “so are you now the official Seer of the Shadow?”
“I beg mercy, sir!” cried Adan in mock dismay, “We merely know you, perhaps better than you know yourself.”
“That is certainly true,” said Jace with a grin, “and you’ll still call me friend.  I can’t ask for more than that.”
“Let’s get on with it,” said Hawk, “this will all be for naught if our dear Steward should be heard joking and laughing with his prisoner.”
Jace asked anxiously, “are you sure you want to go through with this?”
Hawk nodded, and then answered with a smile, “it will be interesting to be a mortal swordmaster for once, I’ve heard rumors that men have even survived such an ordeal.”
Jace smiled heartily, “that they have, my friend, and you may just survive it yourself or so I hope.”
Hawk gave him a patient smile and held out his hand, “then let us see if I am made of sterner stuff than either of us can imagine.”  They clasped hands and light engulfed them both, falling to their knees as it dissipated.  Hawk shook his head to clear it and smiled wryly, “this is certainly an odd feeling, but not so strange as I had imagined.”  He studied Jace with a new respect, “and you have done this several times already in your short career?”
Jace grinned, “I was making it something of a habit, yes.  It isn’t so bad once you get over the initial shock, but in your case there isn’t really any surprise, just a feeling of things not being quite right.”
Hawk snorted, “I think I can handle it, at least I could at one point in my existence, so I suppose I can give it another go.”  He turned to Jace expectantly, “do you mind?  I have classes to attend to.”  Jace smiled eagerly, raised a glowing hand and touched it to Hawk’s shoulder.  He vanished with an amused smile amidst a burst of light.
Adan smiled eagerly, “now perhaps you can assist me, seeing as how you are no longer importuned?”
Jace turned to his friend, a wondering light in his eyes, “I am at your service, Steward.”
Adan’s smile turned grim and Jace was happy that villainous smile was not meant for him, “how do you feel about being an Oathbreaker?”
Jace smiled wryly, “a role for which I am well suited, murderer and traitor that I am.  You would have me spy on the King for you?  Betray him if need be?”
“Precisely,” said Adan, “I am sure my so-called masters will be overjoyed at such an occurrence, not only did you break Oath but you have agreed to act on behalf of the Brotherhood in the very heart of Ipsorea.”
Jace frowned, “what of Eric?”
Adan asked thoughtfully, “does anyone know you have an apprentice?  What is he up to right now?”
Jace smiled, “only the King.  He is trying to gain entrance into a new elite force known as the Shadow of the Unicorn.”  At Adan’s surprised look, Jace went on to explain everything, Adan’s smile growing more amused as the telling progressed.
“Excellent,” said he, “so we need only speak with him quietly about this subterfuge and if he can hold his tongue, none will be the wiser.”  He frowned, remembering of whom he was speaking.
But Jace came to his rescue, “he has been far less talkative since his encounter with the wraiths, I think he will find our plan quite amusing and agree to cooperate fully.”  His smile grew amused, “not that he has a choice, apprentice that he is.  I’ll just order him to do it.”
Adan raised an eyebrow, “don’t let your newfound power go to your head.”
Jace snorted, “Cieren turned out all right.”
“Yes,” said Adan, “but he is a Shadow and we are a little more resilient than this unfortunate lad is like to be.”
“I’ll try not to ruin him then,” said Jace, his grin deepening, “any further orders ere I return to my post?”  He smiled eagerly, “can I destroy the wraiths stalking the city?”
Adan said thoughtfully, “that might be just the thing.  You have played the part of a wraith before, why not again?”
Jace gaped, “I was not in my right mind at the time; I don’t remember it in the least!”
“No,” said Adan with a grin, “but you have played stranger parts.  What of the time you were the Widow or even your own sister?”
Jace laughed, “point taken, it cannot be worse than those particular roles.”  He sobered, “what is it you intend?”
Adan nodded, “good, by day you can be my spy and agent in the King’s court and by night you can stalk the streets with your fellow wraiths and figure out what else is going on in the city.  These uncanny tales have to arise from somewhere.  Feel free to get rid of a wraith or two as the chance presents itself, especially if the ersatz Shadow can take the credit.”
Jace smiled eagerly, “yes sir, with pleasure!  Remind me never to cross you, your mind is far too cunning for my comfort, at least if you were not on my side.”
“No Jace,” said Adan quietly, “we are on the Master’s side, and Him alone do we serve, there is no other side, save that of our Enemy.”
“Well spoken,” said Jace, “how would you have me leave?”
Adan’s smile turned wicked, “I will send for the assassin and he will escort you back to town.”
Jace raised an eyebrow, “you intend to insert him into the Shadow?”
Adan nodded, “by all means, now who is the cunning one?”
Jace shook his head, “he seems a man of honor, even though he is a very servant of evil.”
“A condition I hope to correct,” said Adan quietly.  He turned to Jace, as he rang for a servant, “do your best to look broken, bitter, and otherwise beaten.”
Jace flashed him a grin, “much as I looked after murdering Baye?”
“Precisely,” said Adan, but he quieted as the servant entered, commanded he, “bring me the assassin.”  The man shuddered, but bowed before leaving, returning quickly with the man in question.  
The man studied the hunched and silently snarling figure in the corner with interest, but quickly gave the Steward his full attention, “what would you have of me sir?”
Said Adan with a smile of grim triumph, “take this wretch back to the palace and allow him to resume his previous position, though he shall now be reporting to me rather than the Lady.  He tells me there is also an attempt by some of the minor lordlings to counter the terror we have unleashed in the city, you are to join this so-called Shadow and see how you can further our cause from within.  Am I understood?”
The man bowed deeply, “with pleasure sir!  Might I commend you on your ability to corrupt this fellow; it is not a thing easily done.  Can he be trusted?”
Adan snapped, “we are all he has now!  How can anyone in this backbiting world of shadow and darkness be expected to trust anyone?  You want trust, go begging to the Lady of Astoria, otherwise forget such a quaint and fickle concept even exists.  Now go!  And do not question my authority again.”
The man actually shuddered, rarely intimidated by anyone, but there was such a fire in Adan’s eyes and vehemence in his voice that he dared not disobey.  He took the hunched figure by the shoulders, shook him violently, and ordered, “you have your orders man, on your feet!”  Adan heard some muttering and hissing from the aggrieved creature that Jace appeared, but the pair left without further ado, the wretch apparently resigned to his fate.  Once the door was shut and he was again alone, he treated himself to a broad and eager smile.


4

Jace hunched in his saddle, trying to appear a broken and wretched creature while inwardly his heart wanted to break forth in loud and obnoxious singing for very joy, but he restrained himself and sat unmoving as a bump on a log, resigned to his fate and uncaring of how the horse lurched and jolted beneath him.  “Snap out of it,” growled his companion, “you were once a man, and you must be so again, else you won’t last long in that which is asked of you.”
Jace snarled at him, “do you know what I have lost?”
Said the man grimly, a hint of sadness tingeing his voice, “no, but that does not mean I cannot understand.  I too have suffered my share of grievous loss, but that does not mean life stops while you stew in your own bitterness.  Mourn as you must and move on, else you might as well cease living altogether.  Stay busy, don’t think about it, bury yourself in a bottle, whatever it takes, but you must pull yourself together and get on with your life.”
“Is that what you did?” asked Jace morosely, “Immersing yourself in a profession that will keep you busy and eventually get you killed?  Perhaps giving you the chance for revenge?”
“Aye,” said the assassin, “though I hate to admit as much, even to myself, but my heart died that day and lies buried with her.  She was but a girl just verging on womanhood and we were to be married in the spring, but she was trampled by fleeing rogues as she walked into town one day and that was the end of it.  They ran her down as they fled their pursuers and I doubt they even know her blood is also on their hands, but so it is.  I fled, unable to look into the eyes of any of my folk and abide the pity therein.  I learned what it is to be a man without a heart, nay, without a soul, and I used that to my advantage, for you cannot be long in this line of work and be in possession of either.  I console myself in knowing that perhaps some of my victims are perhaps the fiends who wrought this tragedy or perhaps I am sparing others like pain by preventing such an occurrence before it happens.  One day I will fail in my duties and we shall be together again, until then, I am too busy and involved in my work to worry about it.”
“What makes you think you’ll ever see her more?” asked Jace gravely.
“If there is no justice in this world my friend,” said the villain, “perhaps it can be found in the next.  Have I not suffered enough to earn some reprieve in whatever waits beyond this mortal sphere?  She was but a girl, innocent and gentle, never doing anyone wrong or hurting a living soul.”  His smile became bitter, “don’t go lecturing me on my fractured theology boy, you are the one who broke Oath to One who is supposed to hold the worlds in the palm of His hand.  She believed such stuff, as did I, but no longer.  Where was He to help her, or me?”
Jace sighed heavily, “this world is with tragedy and sorrow fraught and there is no escape from it but death.  He never promised to spare us the pain, but rather to help us bear it and to reap some good therefrom.  Did He not bear such pain and sorrow on our behalf when He could have easily spared Himself the bother?  He knows pain, far more acutely and deeply than we mere mortals can even begin to imagine.”
The assassin could not help but laugh, “how is such faith yet found in a heretic?”
Jace smiled ruefully, “my own state of mental duress or heresy does not negate or lessen the Truth.  One willfully wayward sheep does not unmake the Shepherd.”
The man frowned, “so why abandon everything for this wretched existence?  At least if you must take that accursed Oath, have the courage to stand by it!  And if not that, at least have the decency not to sulk and bemoan it to the whole world when it was your own decision both to take it and then to forsake it.”
“True,” said Jace, straightening in his saddle and taking a more active part in riding, rather than flopping about like a sack of grain, “what is gone is gone, only the future lies before me and that unknown.  I had better make the best of it.”
“That’s better,” said the assassin, his own mood improving as his companion’s sulks subsided and he could push his own bitter memories back into remission, “I couldn’t return you to your post in such a state and I’d hate to make an end of you for so paltry a reason.  I’d still like to cross swords with you some time and learn what kind of a man you truly are.”
“Perhaps you shall get that chance,” said Jace quietly, “but who knows where this adventure will take us?  What do you intend to do as part of this little assemblage the nobles are piecing together?”
The man shrugged, “who knows, but it will be great fun to infiltrate the group and pretend to be one of them all while trying to undermine their cause.”
Jace frowned, “how effective can these vigilantes be against the evil stalking Ipsorea?  The King can’t even give a name to it or define it as more than an ill feeling combined with haunting rumors, save the shadows that stalk the night and the vanishment of my predecessor.”
The assassin shrugged again, “who are we to know aught of such things?  We have our orders and we carry them out, looking further into it is a good way to get oneself killed.”
Jace shook his head, “but you are a keen observer of men and events, you cannot tell me you know nothing!”
“What I tell and what I know are two very different things lad,” said he with a grin, “did you not just hear the lecture I received on trust amongst our kind?  You have been too long among the Brethren.  Perhaps one day I will reveal more, but for now, who is to say you are not spying on me as well as on the King?”
Jace nodded, “fair enough.”
The rogue frowned, “what happens if one of your comrades should come to Ipsorea and notice that you are no longer numbered among the Brethren?”
Jace smiled villainously, “would you be interested in helping to rectify the matter?”
“An intriguing offer,” said the assassin, “perhaps we can find other tasks upon which to cooperate as well.”
Jace raised an eyebrow, “I thought you didn’t trust anyone?”
The man laughed, “who said anything about trust?  We villains must still work together if we are to be successful.”
“I am not sure I see the difference,” said Jace with a grin.
The man frowned, “now that you mention it, neither do I.”

They rode steadily on, arriving at the palace in the early hours of the morning.  Jace was immediately set upon by an anxious servant, who said the King had been looking for him all day, Jace flinched in surprise when he turned to consult with his companion only to find the assassin gone.  Entirely on his own, he dismounted and followed after the anxious man who led him immediately to the King.  
“Where have you been, man!” barked His Majesty, as Jace bowed himself into the room.
Jace said calmly, “just following up a lead, Highness, and one that did not allow me to leave word that I might be absent from the palace for some time.”
“Well?” asked the King eagerly, “have you discovered anything useful?”
Jace said thoughtfully, “nothing as of yet, but it has borne unexpected and potentially profitable fruit.  A few more days might well reveal much.”
“I am not sure how long my Kingdom can go on in this interminable state of duress,” said the King grimly.
“I am getting closer Highness, and I do believe we shall abolish this threat before it is too late.  How go things with Fenk’s project?” asked Jace.
The King smiled in amusement, “there hasn’t been this much excitement in the palace since my father’s marriage to a lady of common birth.”  He smiled ruefully, “though I suppose this is somewhat less scandalous and nowhere near so romantic.”  He brightened, “put perhaps the ending will be just as happy.”
“We can only hope,” said Jace quietly, “pray continue.”
“Ah yes!” said the King, returning abruptly from the paths of memory, “this Shadow idea is just the thing to take everyone’s mind off of the reason it was proposed in the first place, for that I am most grateful.  Every lad in the country wants to be part of it and every marriageable lass now has an eye only for its esteemed members.  Fenk is so overrun with applicants that he has proposed a trial of arms on the morrow to weed out all unqualified comers.  Every seamstress in the city is busy sewing uniforms, flags, you name it for the group, even caparisons for their horses!  No Princess has ever had such dedicated preparation for her own wedding!”
Jace nodded, “things are moving along then.  It shall be interesting to see what Eric has to report back.”  He glanced uneasily at the King, “does anyone know of his identity save ourselves?”
The King shook his head, “not that I am aware of and you may be certain I shall not betray him.”  He yawned widely and said, “I had best retire, for I am to be present at the tournament tomorrow.”

Jace bowed as the King left the parlor in which their conference had taken place and then wondered what he should be about himself.  There were still a few hours before dawn, which would drive the wraiths into hiding, so perhaps he should see what was truly stalking the streets of Ipsorea in the darkest watches of the night.  He exited the room and suddenly felt a firm hand on his shoulder, turning slowly, he met the dancing eyes of the assassin in the dim light of the corridor.  “How did it go?” asked he.
Jace shrugged nonchalantly, “I have settled back in as if nothing is amiss.”
“Good,” said the man, “I hear tell that there’s a grand contest on the morrow, in which I will be obliged to participate.”
“I do not doubt the outcome,” said Jace with a smile, “until tomorrow then.”  But the man had vanished.  Jace shook his head at the man’s uncanny comings and goings; he was almost as bad as a Shadow!  With that thought, Jace too vanished but in literal truth.  Smiling like a maniac to be a full Shadow once more, he ghosted through the corridors and out into the city streets, wherein he reappeared in a wraithlike guise, save he could not hide the silver Mark that gleamed on his right palm.  But then none but another Shadow could see it, so it was of little matter; he set off down the street in search of he knew not what.
If he could destroy a wraith or two with none the wiser, he would, but he felt his main purpose, at least at the moment, was to gather what information he could regarding the bizarre rumors that everyone had heard yet no one had actually experienced.  He froze, remembering a certain night when Hawk had killed his own mentor, convinced the man was a monster by a dream more real than waking life.  Perhaps there was something just as sinister at work within Ipsorea.  Wraiths had a knack for exploiting a person’s deepest fears, sorrows, regrets, and shame for their own amusement and gain, what if the creatures were conjuring nightmares throughout the city and people woke thinking them the very truth, but the dreams were not of themselves but of some distant and indifferent acquaintance.
Jace smiled in triumph, perhaps all they need do was rid the city of wraiths and all would be well.  No, that might resolve the immediate problem, but Ipsorea was still the target of some evil plot or plan far larger than nightmares, waking and sleeping.  For the realm to sleep peacefully once more, they must discover who or what was truly behind the scheme, and what that plot fully entailed.  With a sigh he continued on his way, wondering just how big this puzzle was.  He prowled the streets a bit, but saw neither wraith nor villain, only a scrawny cat that fled down an alley at his approach.  The stars slowly vanished as morning made known her imminent approach and Jace with them.  The wraiths would soon go to ground and he must prepare for the day’s grand event.  He ghosted back to the castle, eager to see what the day would bring, even if the night had been rather uneventful.

The entire population of the castle, the city, and the surrounding countryside soon gathered upon the great swathe of grass that would host the day’s grand tourney.  There would be contests in archery, the sword, knife throwing, horsemanship, and hand to hand combat along with foot races, wrestling, and the like.  The masses were a bit disappointed that there was to be no jousting, but as Lord Fenk so sensibly pointed out: what dark phantasm could be trusted to abide by the strictures of a proper joust?  Thus they were unlikely to engage the creatures in such a sport and therefore why test the mettle of their candidates therein?  But there was enough food, drink, merriment, and spectacle to make up for this minor lack and none came away disappointed, most especially the King, who felt the palpable relief of his subjects at both the distraction and the thought that something at last was being done.
Jace sat with the King, at his Majesty’s personal request, and watched keenly as both Eric and the assassin competed for the coveted prize of a place within the Shadow.  The dozen or so lords already honored with such a position wandered amongst the contestants, seeking who would be next to join them.  A few base born lads tried to sneak into the competition but were swiftly weeded out though they might be just as qualified, or perhaps more so, than those who chanced to be born within a noble house.  The day passed with much pageantry and gaiety until at last the best and brightest had been separated from their lesser peers, Eric and the unnamed assassin among them.
The King stepped forth and gave his hearty congratulations to each of the victors as well as his general approval for the entire event, saying perhaps they should host its like every year, but allow all comers to participate, if they were so skilled, much to everyone’s delight, save perhaps a few of the nobles, who did not relish competing against the peasantry though most consoled themselves with the fact that such commonfolk could not prove a true threat to their betters in such a contest of skill.
Each new recruit was then outfitted with all he would need as part of the Shadow and the crowds cheered eagerly at such a bold and impressive looking company.  Said Lord Fenk, “and tonight we shall hunt the fiends that stalk our streets!  Let this be the last night of uneasy dreams and terrified children!  Let us take back the night!”  The spectators echoed his cheer until it sounded as if all creation raised its voice in eager triumph.
Said the King quietly to Jace, “and what will happen when these boasts do not come to pass, or worse they find their heroes dead on the morrow?  Their resulting dismay will be far worse than anything they have experienced thus far.”  
Jace nodded sadly, “let us hope it does not come to that, Majesty.”
“Hope is a thin shield against reality, sir,” said the King gravely.
“Sometimes it is all we have Sire,” said Jace, “but I will do what I can to see that your prediction does not come to pass.”
Added the King in dismay, “but neither do I wish this Shadow to have too much success, lest Fenk set eyes upon the throne and a grateful populous shall set him thereupon, regardless of the laws of this land.”
Jace put his hand on his sword hilt, “I will do all I can Majesty to prevent either tragedy and yet resolve the crisis assaulting your Kingdom.”
“A tall order indeed,” said the King, “but you have my full trust.”
“Nay Sire,” said Jace, “the Master alone is deserving of that.”

As the sun sank, the various residents retreated to their homes to avoid the dangers that stalked the night dark streets and left the hunters to their prey, hoping it would not be the other way around and that all their hopes would not also die thereby.  Their bright swords and proud uniforms did not seem near so wondrous in the wan light of the moon as they dispersed throughout the city’s dim streets in search of they knew not what.  In pairs, they patrolled the streets, hoping to find their prey, but secretly hoping just as desperately that they did not.
After a brief patrol in the eerie and lonely darkness, most of our would be heroes soon felt the need of genial society and liquid refreshment, thus did they turn in at the nearest inn to share their tales of valiant struggle and boldness in the face of utter fear.  Thus did the night pass rather pleasantly for the bulk of the Shadow, intermittently patrolling the streets between public houses.  Only one pair took their duty seriously: Eric, because he wished to help the people of Ipsorea and the assassin, because he hoped to please his masters thereby.
They wandered the abandoned streets, but saw nothing but a slinking dog and occasionally a pair of their fellows stumbling drunkenly between taverns, heroes indeed!  Eric remembered his mentor’s words and wondered if the man was correct, and if so, was it not unwise to be exposing himself like this?  But then, what better bait to these elusive wraiths?  It was then that he heard it: a tuneless humming, a veritable drone, that both drew and mesmerized him.  He turned suddenly down an alley, his companion staring after him in wonder.  “Lad!” cried he, “where are you going?  Don’t be a fool!  Who knows what lurks in the deeper shadows and if we can do aught to counter it?”  But the boy did not hear him and walked as one asleep, deeper into the alley.  Shaking his head at the boy’s fool notions of what it was to be a hero, the assassin hastened after the lad.


5

They felt him coming, this one who had trysted with their brothers yet somehow lived to tell the tale, but it would not be so again.  They hungered for blood and it flew willingly into their arms.  One of the wraiths, bolder than the others, stood forth and placed an amorphous hand on the dazed boy’s chest; the lad immediately vanished in a blinding flash of light as the former wraith assumed his likeness.  Blinded momentarily by the horrid radiance, the other three wraiths knew nothing of the boy’s vanishment and eagerly set upon his double when they could see once more, but Jace’s sword flashed in the night and easily dissipated the lot of them before the assassin came dashing around the corner in hasty pursuit.
Snarled he at the heedless boy, “what do you think you are doing, you fool!  Who knows what was lurking down here?  Lucky for you there is nothing but shadows and mold!  Come along!”  Jace, in Eric’s likeness, nodded contritely and followed silently after, wondering where it was he had sent the boy, hopefully somewhere safe.

Eric found himself again in his right mind, now that the wraiths’ tuneless song was no longer numbing his senses, but had no idea where he was.  It was dark, moist, and musty, that’s all that could be said for his current surroundings.  He reached out a tentative hand and felt cold stonewalls on either side of him and a similar substrate under his booted feet.  He smiled grimly; this was an adventure indeed!  He set off blindly down the corridor, wondering what or who lay at its end.  He froze when he heard whispered voices drifting down the corridor then began his silent approach, wondering anew that he could do so without so much as a peep from his once unquenchable tongue.
Said the first voice, “now’s the time.”
“I don’t like it,” came the second.
“The assassin and the master are gone,” said the first, “there will not come a more opportune moment!”
“It’s treason,” whined the second.
“Of course it is you dolt!” said the first, as a thud and a muttered oath testified that the second speaker would have a headache come morning, but the first pressed on even as he clouted his companion for his imbecility, “this ain’t no honorable company; we’s all of us scoundrels and that’s what scoundrels do.  Are you with me?”
“No,” sulked the second, “not if you’re going to treat me like this!  Nor do I want to face the master’s wrath when he gets back.  Neither is that Steward one I’d like to cross.”
“You won’t cross him, man,” snarled the first, “he’ll be dead and I’ll be in charge.”
“Precisely,” grumped the second, “won’t that be fun!”
“Have it your way,” hissed the first, as his companion gave a strangled cry as some grievous mischief was applied to his person, followed by a heavy thud and utter silence.  Laughing quietly to himself, the first mused, “now who am I to get to help me with this little coup?”
The only answer was his own gasp as Eric’s sword pierced him through.  As the man gurgled and fell unmoving to the floor, the boy nearly dropped his sword in surprise and dismay, never having killed a man before, but there was nothing else to be done.  There was a mystery here that desperately needed solving and he could not do it lurking in the basement or with a mutinous rogue on the loose.  He stripped the dead men of their clothes, at least enough to disguise himself in the livery of the place, and then secreted their bodies in a far corner of the room in which they had been conspiring, wondering how long it would take for them to be found.  With a wry grin, Eric thought they might molder down here forever, considering the ambiance of the place.  Donning his borrowed finery, he continued his explorations.

Morning found most of the Shadow hung-over and yearning for their beds, but an aggrieved Lord Fenk, who could hold his liquor better than most, paced before his disgraceful host.  Such behavior was not befitting of underlings, though it could be forgiven in a senior officer, such as himself, said he in dismay, “you call yourselves soldiers?  What have we to show for our night’s work but a bit of carousing?  I am heartily ashamed of all of you!  Now go sleep off the aftereffects and let’s try and do better this evening.”  The pitiable company hastened off as quickly as their regrettable condition allowed, leaving Fenk to glare distastefully after them, or so he thought, but he was not alone.
The assassin stood just behind him and said, “forgive my impertinence sir, but not all of us are drunken louts.”
Fenk turned in surprise, “how nice,” snarled he, “what do you want?”
The man shrugged, “nothing, sir,” said he, “I just wanted you to know that some of us are men of duty.”
“I see,” said his Lordship with a thoughtful frown, “perhaps we shall speak more upon this matter at a later time.”
The assassin grinned broadly, bowed deeply, and withdrew, “as you wish it, sir.”  His smile deepened, “or would you prefer Sire?”
His lordship’s smile became malicious, “I see you understand me well.  Therefore you will also be wise enough to know it would be ill-advised to cross me.”
“Certainly,” said the man as he turned to go, “I am at your service whenever you have need of me.”  His lordship opened his mouth to reply but was left gaping, for the man had vanished.  He shut his mouth with a snap and smiled thoughtfully, perhaps his Shadow was not a complete loss after all.

The assassin immediately hied himself in search of Astoria’s Advisor to the King.  He found the man pacing in the same hidden corner of the gardens in which they had first encountered one another; the Oathbreaker looked up suddenly as he sensed an approaching presence and frowned slightly upon recognizing his eager pursuer.  Said Jace quietly, “is it advisable that we meet so?”
“I can see no harm in it,” said the assassin, “this corner of the palace is usually quite abandoned and what could either of us have to do with the other?”
“True,” said Jace with a wan smile, “I hope you bear good news?”
“The best,” said the villain, “Lord Fenk desires the crown.”
“Not surprising,” said Jace with a nod, “but it is good to know of a certain.”  His smile became grim, “and I suppose you are going to help him gain it?”
“Of course,” smiled the assassin, “this is the perfect chance both to exercise my unique skills and to please our masters no end.”
“Let me know how I might assist you,” said Jace quietly, “we are in this together after all.”
“Nay lad,” said the man grimly, “only so long as you are useful to me and our masters.  After that, it will be as if you had never been.”
“A rather depressing outlook,” said Jace.
The man shrugged, “no sense denying the truth of the matter.”
“Truth?  First trust and now truth,” said Jace in amused surprise, “whose side are you on?  Evil knows nothing of such concepts, save as a tool for its own advancement.”  There came no reply, for the man was gone.  Jace smiled ruefully that the man could escape him so easily and resumed his thoughtful pacing, trying to work out exactly how to foil the plot endangering Ipsorea.

Eric made his way up the stairs that must lead to the more habitable parts of the abode in which he found himself, or so he hoped, for he could not imagine anyone living long in such a place if this were the best accommodations it had to offer.  He found the door locked, but smiling, he drew a key out of his borrowed pocket and tried it in the lock.  It turned slowly in the rusty lock, but he soon enough had the door open and locked it again behind him, lest his handiwork be too easily discovered.  He glanced about at the much more promising room in which he found himself, it was less dank at least, and tried to act the part of the servant he appeared, at least he could now see what sort of attire he had donned in the dim light and was happy to see that there were not any overt rents or blood stains to mar his image.  With growing confidence, he emerged from the storeroom and made his way deeper into the house.
There were not very many people about, and those he did encounter never met his eye and walked on the far side of the corridor, nearly hugging the wall, as if highly desirous of avoiding him altogether.  He frowned at this, which sent the nearest minion scuttling off all the faster.  He shook his head and smiled grimly, this was certainly strange.  Was he not a stranger in this place?  He glanced again at his attire and wondered if they saw only the livery and not the man, thinking him the traitorous fellow he had encountered in the cellar.  If that was the case, the man was certainly a fink and a villain through and through.  Perhaps the only one who dared defy his assumed identity was this mysterious Steward himself.  Had Jace been there, he would have reined in his overly bold apprentice, but as he was entirely alone, Eric decided then and there to beard the lion in his den and get to the heart of the mystery.
He hid himself and with careful listening, exploration, and observation, he was able to determine approximately how many folk inhabited the rambling house, their preferred or assigned areas of duty and repose, and wherein the Steward secreted himself.  With a wild grin, he made ready to burst in upon the Steward, timing his interruption so that the man would be alone, but as he double checked to make sure his weapons were in place, a terrified servant approached the Steward’s door with an ill-feeling man in tow.  The man was announced and the servant hastened off, not wishing to overhear the despicable conversation that would no doubt follow.  Eric sighed heavily and settled back into his hiding place to wait.

Adan was at his master’s desk, rifling through various papers and letters when the servant announced the arrival of an important personage.  He looked up in surprise but managed to stand and school his countenance to annoyed indifference ere the man entered.  They studied one another for a long moment, before the dark man spoke, “so you are Thesk’s new apprentice then?  Foolish of him to leave you in charge while he goes off hunting lurkers, but he was always one who loved his sport far more than duty, but I suppose as his Steward you do most of the work anyway and the difference is rather trivial.  That being said, our plans for Ipsorea are progressing smoothly.  The populous is daily growing more terrified and restless and demanding that the King do something.  I even hear you have corrupted the Lady’s new Advisor, an admirable accomplishment that.  You also did well to insert your best agent into this so-called Shadow.  Overall, I am most impressed with your progress in so short a tenure.”
Adan bowed his head in grave acknowledgement, “do you only call to assess my progress or have you further orders for me?”
“All in good time, man,” said the villain, “the next stage of our plan is fast coming to fruition and you will be apprised of your part in it when the time comes.  Do not disappoint me, or you know what will come of the matter.”  Adan nodded grimly and the man smiled maliciously, “very good then, you will hear from me when you must.  Carry on.”  He turned on his heel and marched from the room.  Only a few moments thereafter did Eric narrowly avoid spitting himself on Adan’s waiting blade.
Gaped Adan as he returned his sword to its sheath, “do you have any idea just how foolish such a stunt is?”
It was the boy’s turn to gape, “foolish?  I break in upon you bold as anything, the master of this disreputable house, and the worst you can do is lecture me on being foolish?”
“Shut the door,” said Adan calmly, “we have much we must discuss.”
The boy gaped anew, but did as he was bidden and turned to face the enigmatical Steward, who motioned that he should seat himself.  After doing so, the boy asked, “are you not going to summon your minions or end my threat yourself?”
“Threat?” said Adan with a grin, “As you witnessed just a moment ago, had I wanted you dead, dead you would be.  Now tell me who you are and what you are doing here?”
“I will not cooperate with evil,” said the boy coldly.
Adan’s smile deepened, “I see.  Perhaps I could guess then?”  The boy shrugged indifferently, but there was a curious light in his eyes.  “Let me see,” said Adan, as if searching his mind for some astounding answer, “you wouldn’t be the apprentice of the man currently posing as the Lady’s Advisor to the King?”
Eric’s inexperience showed forth glaringly as his jaw gaped open in astonishment at the accuracy of the man’s guess, “how did you know?”
Adan chuckled, “your mentor is a dear friend of mine.  I must say I am surprised, and pleased, to find you far less talkative than rumor holds you to be.”
Eric frowned, “how can he keep company with a man of such character?”
Adan snorted, “what do you know of my character lad, save that I appear to run a very sinister operation?”
The boy gaped anew, “I suppose you do have a point.”
“It is no different than a Messenger posing as a scofflaw to insert himself into a bandit gang to dismantle it from within,” said Adan with an amused smile, “or a certain renegade apprentice running about in a pilfered servant’s livery.  Where did you come by such attire, anyway?”
“The original owner was plotting treason in the basement,” said Eric uncomfortably, “he killed his uncooperative companion and I...”
Adan nodded in commiseration, “you’ve never killed a man before, have you?”  The boy sighed heavily, and Adan smiled sadly, “it is never easy but sometimes we have no choice.  I hate to say it, but you did us all a favor.  Of all the villains in this outfit, he was the worst and I am not surprised to hear he was plotting mischief with his master and the assassin away.  He aspired to things he could not have and it festered in his heart until there was nothing left but bitterness and a thirst for vengeance.  Sadly, he will not be missed.”  He frowned, “what were you doing in the basement?  No one goes down there, save perhaps mutinous plotters.”
Eric then told of his adventures in the streets of Ipsorea and his inexplicable advent in the lowest levels of the disheveled house.  Adan’s smile deepened as the tale unfolded and he nodded, “strangely, I have a very good idea of what happened to you.”  The boy looked at him questioningly and Adan continued with a laugh, “fear not lad, it was our Master’s doing.  He has been watching over you from the first, and has rescued you from the wraiths not once but twice.”  The boy gaped anew and Adan smiled, “aye lad, let that prove my character.”
Finally the stymied boy found his tongue, “so what are you doing here?  Why risk yourself in such a manner if you are not one of the Brethren?”
Adan smiled keenly, “you are a sharp one lad.”
The boy frowned, “how did you know I am one of the Brethren?”
Adan shook his head, “there is no fooling you, I think.”  Suddenly the faint glow that surrounds one who has taken the Oath, and is only visible to another such, engulfed Adan.  The boy gaped for the fifteenth time during that particular interview and Adan’s smile grew broad indeed.
Gasped the boy, “you can mask it?  I did not know that was possible!”
Adan said quietly, “to most of our order, it is not.  You will reveal this to no one else?”
The boy nodded avidly as the glow about the stodgy man vanished and then Eric smiled broadly, “so what part do I get to play in these plots within plots?”
Adan shook his head in dismay, “that I know not.  We can’t risk you encountering more wraiths again and I do not think your presence here mere happenstance, but neither do I know what our nefarious ‘comrades’ are plotting.  I’ll put you on staff as my personal secretary and we’ll await whatever is to come.”  Eric was about to complain that he had best get back to his mentor when Adan raised an eyebrow and said, “and I will not be sending you back to your mentor, at least not until he can prove he can rein in your exuberance.  While bold, it was ill advised and had I been anything but what I am, you would be dead.”  He smiled in fond reminiscence, “but then your mentor has always been one to be overbold in such cases so I should not be surprised to see it cropping up in you.”
“Yes, sir,” said the boy in dismay.
Adan laughed warmly, “fear not lad, I am not as grim and tedious as I appear.  I may be a tad more sensible, and cautious, than your mentor, but I am no curmudgeon either, else you would not find me in this enlightening position now, would you?”  The boy attempted a hopeful smile and Adan laughed all the more.  It seemed Jace had cured the boy of loquaciousness, now all that remained was to keep him alive until a proper mentor could be found for him, one who could teach him both caution and sense.  Adan shook his head and smiled, knowing Baye had tried his best with Jace, but there were just some lessons he either refused to or could not learn.  Perhaps it was not too late in Eric’s case.

Night engulfed the city once more and the assassin again found himself on the hunt with his overbold companion.  Said he as they stalked the streets, “how does one so young come to possess such skill?”
Jace, in guise again like Eric, said indifferently, “I have a natural talent and have had good instructors.”
“In Astoria perhaps?” asked the villain with a smile.
Jace froze and turned to face his interlocutor, “yes, what of it?”
“Have you taken the Oath then?” asked the assassin, his smile growing deadly.
Jace snorted a laugh, “never sir, why ever would you think such a thing?”
“Just being cautious,” said the assassin, “the Brethren tend to sneak into places one least expects to find them.”
Jace shook his head, “then why aren’t you more concerned about that fellow that advises the King?”
“It is the enemy you don’t know that will hurt you the most lad,” said he with a feral grin, “that fellow is well and truly in hand.  I now need to be sure of each of our comrades.”
Just then a shadow loomed out of the night right behind the assassin and he blanched, “see what I mean!”  Two more wraiths came up on either side of him as he drew his sword and turned to face his enemies, “you’d better run, boy!  These fiends are not something either of us can manage.”
“No,” said Jace grimly, “I won’t leave you to their lack of mercy.”
Scoffed the first wraith, “such a noble desire will only get you killed boy, that is unless you thirst for something greater in this life?”
Jace snorted, “what?  To lurk in the shadows and whisper fell things in a sleeper’s ear?  To prey upon unwitting folk going about their business?  To become a shade like you?  I think not!”
The wraith shrugged, “it is all the same to me.  I am dreadfully thirsty, we’ve had no prey of late, but you will suffice.”
Snarled the assassin, “we serve the same purpose you dratted shadow!”
The shade hissed in amusement, “what is that to me little mortal?  You are a mere morsel, a tool to be used and thrown aside.  What matters if it is lost?”
The man turned irate eyes upon the boy, “I told you to scat; you fool!  Now we’ll both die here!  And for naught.”
“No,” said Jace quietly, “all is not yet finished.  Why such concern for me when such noble sentiments are not exactly encouraged by your employer?”
The man sighed heavily as the wraiths drew closer, “I hate to see the young cut down needlessly in their prime, for such befell my beloved.”
“And such shall be your fate as well,” laughed the primary wraith, as it lunged in for the kill.
A blinding radiance filled the dark street as Jace flung himself at the three parasitic shadows, sword bared and glinting with its own light.  The creatures squawked in dismay and vanished into oblivion, even as the assassin’s sword pierced Jace’s abdomen.  The boy crumpled to the paving stones with a pained groan, gasping up at his killer with wide eyes, “why offer to sacrifice yourself for my sake only to turn around and kill me yourself?”
The man mechanically cleaned his blade and replaced it in his sheath as he answered with a sad smile, “I said I cannot abide the needless death of such a youth, but your death is no longer needless.  I thank you for my life, but I cannot allow one with the power to vanquish such shadows to live; it would utterly destroy my masters’ plans.”
Jace felt himself quickly fading but clung to consciousness as long as he could, “what are your fell masters’ plans?”
The man smiled grimly, “how is it you have such uncanny power?”
Panting heavily and on the of verge death, Jace grated, “I serve One who defeated death; how then can such meager shades stand against Him?”
The man smiled ironically, “it seems His defeat of death will be of absolutely no benefit to you whatsoever.”
“And what of your masters’ plots...” gasped out the boy desperately, even as he felt his heart shudder its final beat.
Jace fell back with glazing eyes as the man smiled sadly down at his unmoving form, shaking his head, “little good your faith did you, even so lad.  As to the plot?  That I cannot tell you, for I do not know what is afoot, save that you could ruin it indeed, had you the chance.”  He dragged the body into a nearby alley and entered the adjacent inn, scanning the room until he found some likely looking scoundrels.  He tossed each a coin worth six months of their usual income and said, “you’ll find an unfortunate personage in the back alley; a victim of bandits and footpads no doubt.  See that he disappears and that none hears of it.  Am I understood?”  The scoundrels nodded eagerly, but fear glittered in their eyes; the man smiled in satisfaction and resumed his patrol, wondering if it would be better to say the lad had deserted the Shadow or that the wraiths had consumed him utterly.  A little more terror could not be a bad thing and some part of him hated to demean the boy’s memory, especially since the lad had saved his life.


6

The light stirred and Jace with it, but he immediately regretted the fact.  All was dark about him, he could not move, and wherever he found himself, stank of rottenness and filth.  It was not his first time rising from his own grave, but it was likely his most ignomious burial yet.  He vanished from sight and stood, penetrating the rubbish pile as easily as he passed through a wall.  Whoever had disposed of his carcass had taken great care that it never be found; he was well and truly buried in the city’s main dumping ground.  Shaking his head in dismay, he summoned his unicorn and was soon on his way back to his post as the King’s Advisor.  Too bad there would be no more midnight forays as ‘Eric,’ he was actually enjoying his nocturnal wanderings.
As he dismounted in the courtyard, a man in the uniform of the Shadow approached, said the assassin, “I did not see you leave, sir.”
Jace snorted, “have I a need to report all my comings and goings to you?”
“No,” said the man icily, “but it is common courtesy to let me know your whereabouts when there is a chance I might have need of you.”
“I see,” said Jace in contrition, “please forgive my thoughtlessness.”  Though he truly wished to grin ironically, for his absence was entirely this man’s fault.  “Is there something you wish to discuss?”
“Indeed,” said the man with an eager grin as the grooms led the unicorn back to his stall, the stablemen just as flummoxed as the lord addressing the Brother, for one moment the horse had been where he belonged and the next he was inexplicably gone, but it was not their place to ask questions of such men so they were left forever to wonder over the uncanny incident.
They withdrew to their favorite secluded corner of the castle grounds and once they were alone, the assassin said, “what can you tell me of these wraiths and those who might have the power to vanquish such fiends?  I thought them beyond the touch of mortal men yet I encountered a man last evening with just such an ability and he claimed to be a servant of your former master.”
Jace’s eyebrows rose, “this is no skill common to the Brethren, sir.  What would I know of such matters?”
“I see,” said the man in some frustration, “it shall ever be a mystery then.”
It was Jace’s turn to frown, “you work for men steeped in the worst kind of black sorcery, why are you yourself not so enamored?”
The man smirked, “I am not so foolish.  I do not meddle in things outside my ken.  Neither the Master nor the darker powers hold any attraction for me.  I shall remain a mortal man, plain and simple, as long as I endure under sun and star.”
“Fair enough,” said Jace with a shrug, “I thought such power might well be intoxicating.”
“That it is,” said the man, “but only if you take that first, fatal draught.  I am no fool to sip from such a loathsome cup.  A murderer I may be, but I am no enactor of blood magic!  I will neither so grossly offend nor enslave myself to what gods there be.”
“A wise decision that,” said Jace quietly, “but why persist in such evil when you seem to be a man of noble sentiment and honor, if twisted and skewed?”
“A man does what he must to survive, lad,” said he dully, “I was once a good and upstanding man, but that man died with his beloved, leaving only a fool who tries to survive as best he can.”
“He need not be forever lost,” said Jace quietly, “would she have it so?”  The next moment he lay on the ground, gurgling momentarily from his ruined throat before gazing blankly at the leafy canopy overhead.
The assassin cleaned his knife and returned it to its hidden sheath, shaking his head as he studied the corpse, having reacted in pure fury rather than letting his more reasonable side override his rash action.  The man had no business digging into such a sensitive topic, but how to rectify this rather embarrassing situation?  His dark masters would not be pleased with the loss of this particular agent, but perhaps he could say the Oathbreaker had been on the verge of revealing everything to the King.  As far as the King was concerned, it would be a simple matter to say the fool had broken Oath and was on the verge of enacting some nefarious plot all his own.  With a pleased nod of his head, he drew the man’s sword from its sheath and placed it in the dead man’s stiffening hand after cutting his own arm strategically with the weapon.  Then he cried aloud and created such a ruckus that everyone within hearing came at the run to see what was afoot.
The King was grieved indeed to hear of his Advisor’s death and in such a manner.  He did not fully trust the man, but hid his suspicions as he summoned Lord Fenk for a private audience, as the man in question was one of his Shadows and the murdered man’s apprentice was also somewhere within their ranks; the boy could tell him whether the man was telling the truth. The King and Fenk closeted themselves in a sitting room adjacent to the main audience chamber; the King paced up and down in agitation, demanding of Fenk, “what know you of this man?”
Fenk shrugged, “little, Highness.  He is a stranger to me, save as one of two dozen such men under my command within the Shadow.  How well does any general know each particular soldier?”
The King eyed him with an arched brow, “point taken, my lord.”  He frowned, “there is another of your men that I would question upon this matter.  Is there a young man, a foreign lord, one Eric, among your ranks?”
Fenk looked rather taken aback, “there was Highness,” said he anxiously.
“Was?” said the King in growing dismay, “I did not think you had yet suffered any losses to your ranks?”
Fenk studied the dying flames upon the hearth, “we had not yet announced his death, especially as we knew not whom to contact, as far as surviving kith and kin.  It seems he was set upon by those hideous shadows that stalk our streets and was consumed completely.  He was partnered with the man in question at the time.”
The King rounded on his lord suddenly, “two mysterious deaths in as many days, all associated with the same man?  You do not find this questionable, my lord?”
Fenk shrugged, “who am I to judge with so little evidence.”  He continued with an anxious quaver in his voice, “this would not be good for the Shadow, this vanishment, Sire.  Are you going to make it public knowledge?”
The King shook his head gravely, “not unless I must.  Your Shadow is all that keeps our people from revolting in terror at the moment and I am forced to maintain your name and reputation, for it is all that likewise preserves the stability of my throne, but I fear I must take this man into custody for further questioning.”
“That would not be advisable, Majesty,” said said man, emerging from some hidey-hole, knife in hand.
“Will you defend your King, my Lord Fenk?” said the King in growing dismay.
“Why would I do that, Highness?” said the man with a grim smile, “when I would be King in your stead.”  He smiled brightly at the assassin, “you shall have the reward of your choice, sir.”
“Thank you, Sire,” said the fell man with a grin, before returning his attention to the soon to be late King.  “Do not make this difficult, Sire.”
“Oh, he will not be the one making things difficult,” said a voice none thought ever to hear again, as Jace suddenly stood in the midst of the room between the assassin and the King.
All gaped at him aghast, “you are dead,” croaked the assassin.
“Was,” said Jace patiently, as he touched the King with a slightly glowing hand, sending him to safety in a brilliant flash of light.  He turned keen eyes upon the murderer and the traitor, “now what of the pair of you?”
The assassin seemed too stunned to speak again, at least momentarily, but Fenk was in no such state of astonished inaction; he charged the apparition, knife in hand.  Jace eyed him sadly and merely raised a hand, as if to block the knife therewith, but the entire man vanished utterly as he touched his would be victim, leaving the assassin alone with this seeming ghost.
“The King?” gasped the assassin.
“Safe,” said Jace quietly.
“Lord Fenk?” whispered the man.
“Has paid for his crimes with his life,” said the Shadow sadly, “such is the price of justice.”
“Justice!?” gaped the assassin, “Who are you to speak of justice?  Oathbreaker!”  He paled in terror but then smiled ruefully as a sudden thought occurred to him, “you are no Oathbreaker, rather the Steward is a traitor to my master and in collusion with you.”  He frowned, “you were also my partner in the Shadow.”
“Only for a time,” said Jace with a slight smile, “your original partner is my apprentice, and obviously I could not leave him in your ungentle care.”
Said the assassin almost hopefully, “you have been beyond the walls of this world; can you tell me what awaits me beyond the grave?”
Jace shook his head sadly, “that written in the Truth is all too true.  I have even ventured into the Abyss and can assure you it is no place one would want to spend a moment, let alone an eternity.”
“My lady?” asked he pleadingly.
Jace smiled sadly, “if she was in the Master’s keeping, as you imply, she dwells joyously in His bright country, but you shall never venture thither unless you come willingly to the Lord thereof.”
“But I have betrayed Him, abandoned Him,” said the assassin dolefully, “I could not forgive Him the loss of my beloved!”
“She is not lost,” said Jace quietly, “He does not forsake nor forget His own, but you sir, are in very great danger of becoming just that.”
“It is not too late?” said he, a faint hope glimmering in his eyes.
Jace smiled slightly and bowed his head, “you yet may attain that bright country, sir.”

The King sat straight up in bed and glanced about him in astonishment, knowing it had not been a dream, but here he was in his nightcap and gown, in his own chambers, and safe in his own bed when he was certain not a moment before he had been confronting the traitorous Lord Fenk and his would-be assassin in a very different part of the castle when the ghost of his former advisor made his ghastly appearance.  This would never do!  He donned some decent attire and hastened down to the room wherein he had confronted the various villains and apparitions.  Lord Fenk sat by the fire, a book in his hand, he looked up curiously as the King entered and stood upon recognizing his Majesty.  “Highness?” said he in confusion, “what is amiss?  I thought you had retired for the evening?”
“I...I...apparently had,” said the King lamely, “but I thought I had experienced...well it must just have been a dream.”  He frowned, “you haven’t seen any ghosts or assassins running about have you?”
Fenk smiled in amusement, “it sounds an interesting dream, Highness, but I have seen no ghosts.”
“Well, carry on then,” said the King with a perplexed frown, “I shall not detain you any longer.”
“Good night, Sire,” said Fenk with a slight smile.
“Yes,” said the King vaguely, already turning to go, “thank you.”
Once his Majesty had withdrawn, the assassin crept out of the shadows and eyed ‘his lordship’ with a grim smile, “had I your skills, I could be an assassin indeed!”
Jace, still guised as Lord Fenk, shook his head, “no sir, you could not.  My uncanny abilities cannot be used outside my Master’s will, and assassination is certainly no part of His plans.  I may be called upon to execute justice from time to time, as in the case of our Lord Fenk, but never is murder a part of my calling.”
“So what now?” asked the man morosely, “shall justice be sated with my blood also?”
“The matter is completely in your hands, sir,” said Jace quietly, “you may choose your end: end it quietly here and now or you may plead your case before the Lady of Astoria.”  He smiled hopefully, “and if you should choose the latter, I would certainly appreciate your help in unraveling the plots that still threaten Ipsorea.”
“I have not tired of living quite yet, my friend,” said the assassin thoughtfully, “but neither do I relish begging for my life before your so-called Lady; though I would love the chance to use my skills one last time, even if it means betraying my former masters.”  He frowned, “I suppose there is no way to escape justice?”  Jace eyed him stonily and he smiled wryly, “I didn’t think so; death can’t stop you so I doubt anything else in the mortal world would even slow you down.”  He sighed heavily, “I have much to think upon.  All I once abandoned amidst sorrow and grief, which has since turned to bitterness and hate, you tell me is quite true.  Can I have the rest of the night to ponder what is to come of me?”
Jace bowed his head, “that you may sir, but get up to no mischief else I will mete out justice immediately thereupon.”  
The hardened killer shuddered at the certainty, no threat this, in the man’s voice.  Said he, “I shall use the night only to think upon my future or lack thereof.”  He smiled wanly, “and perhaps in the morning I can help you solve this mystery.”
“Let us hope so,” said Jace quietly, “I will leave you to your contemplations sir.”  He bowed formally before withdrawing, “until tomorrow then.”  The assassin was left alone with the fretfully flickering fire to make the most important decision of his life.

Like some stalking cat, Jace prowled the streets of the city, looking for wraiths.  He rode boldly forth as Lord Fenk, his unicorn bedecked as grandly as befitted the so-called Captain of the Shadow.  Most folk were abed at that hour, but a few glimpsed this grand and hopeful vision as it passed in the night and felt their hearts lighten therewith, though perhaps it was the removal of any number of the incorporeal fiends and their associated malice that night that actually eased their incessant fears.  Most of the so-called Shadow were in hiding, neither daring the dangers of the streets nor Fenk’s wrath should they again haunt the common rooms of the city.  They wanted all the pomp and glory, but were not willing to risk their lives in pursuit of it.  They might be nobly born and skilled in the various martial arts, but none were fool enough to risk their lives against a foe they could not defeat.  Jace silently applauded this selfish bit of sense, for it made his job all the easier, not having to protect mortal men from the terrors that stalked the night.
The fiends were inexorably drawn to him even as he fervently sought them out, for it had been long since they had had prey with which to toy and momentarily sate their bloodlust; they tired of lurking in the shadows and conjuring nightmares with nothing to break the tedium or sate their thirst.  This fool who rode forth with all pomp, supposedly on the hunt for them, was bait too delicious to resist.  What they did not realize, at least until it was too late, was that this was no haughty mortal upon a foolish quest bent, but rather a very servant of the Master, intent on ridding the city of all such fiends.
As a rosy light brightened the eastern horizon, the unicorn tossed his head and snorted his excitement, sensing the long, horrible night had passed at last.  Jace patted his mount’s neck fondly, feeling an ambiance of hope and peace about the city for the first time since their arrival.  Prancing his joy, the great creature returned to the castle, wherein his master had another task before him, one to which Jace looked forward with both trepidation and hope.
He found the assassin sitting in the chair lately abandoned by ‘Lord Fenk,’ staring blankly into the cold ashes on the hearth.  He shook himself and quickly stood when he heard the chamber door open, but visibly relaxed to see who the intruder was.  “How was your hunting?” asked the man rather indifferently, more for something to say rather than out of true interest or concern.
Jace smiled broadly, “you tell me, sir.  What do you feel?”
The man frowned thoughtfully, but after a long moment, his eyes widened and he actually smiled slightly, “there is no longer an imminent sense of dread, fear, or malice pressing in upon me every waking moment!  Indeed!  There is almost joy in the morning.”  He whispered quietly, “can I too find such freedom from the shadows that stalk my own soul?”
Jace nodded eagerly, “that you may, sir.  What have your contemplations yielded?”
The man straightened, evenly met Jace’s gaze, and said, “let us end the threat to Ipsorea and then I shall speak with your Lady.”
“A wise decision,” said Jace with a smile, “how would you suggest we begin?  My night’s work will not long go unnoticed.  Whoever is behind these plots will soon be forced to act, hide, or flee.”  The assassin’s smile deepened eagerly as they discussed the matter and began making their plans.

A week after his initial visit, the shadowy man returned to Lord Thesk’s house quite distressed, demanding an audience with the Steward immediately upon his arrival.  The man’s new secretary hastily stepped aside, that he not be trampled by the agitated intruder, as he barged into the Steward’s office without announcement or invitation.  The Steward stood as the man entered and demanded, “what is the meaning of this incivility, sir?”
“Incivility!?” barked the dark man, “what do I care for incivility when the whole world has come undone!”
“I beg your pardon?” said Adan with a frown as the man shakily seated himself.
The man calmed himself, at least enough that he could speak coherently, snarled he, “our glorious plans for Ipsorea are crumbling around us!  Your traitorous Advisor is dead, at the hands of your own assassin I might add.  Lord Fenk, whom I had high hopes would overthrow the King, has managed to completely rid the city of wraiths, him and his miserable Shadow of the Unicorn.  Because of which, the populous can now sleep soundly in their beds and no longer dwells in incessant fear and dread, thus they are no longer on the verge of riot.  It is reprehensible!  As for your so-called assassin, he seems to have forgotten that he does not truly ride for the Shadow!  He has become second only to Lord Fenk in both command and popularity amongst all and sundry from the King down to the meanest peasant child.”
“And what would you have me do?” asked Adan blandly, though he could hardly contain his joy.
“We must implement our plan immediately before all is lost!” snarled the dark man.
“Can it still be done?” said Adan with a frown, “Or has too much of the groundwork been destroyed?”
“I don’t know,” said the man morosely, “but if we fail in this, the consequences will be dire.”  He spitted Adan with a malicious sneer, “especially to you sir.”
“To me?” said Adan in surprise, “you have told me nothing of this disaster and yet it is somehow my fault?”
The man smirked, “that is what minions are for, is it not?  To take the blame?”
Adan said quietly, steel in his voice, “are there not others involved in this conspiracy that might bear the brunt of the blame instead?”
“None higher than me,” snarled the dark man, “and I won’t be taking the fall for this debacle.”
“What do you suggest I do?” asked Adan, not masking the menace in his voice, “Assassinate the King?  Or perhaps this Lord Fenk?”
“Both,” said the man with a cruel smile, “and anyone else that needs it.  Our masters will not be content until Ipsorea is consumed by chaos and darkness, save perhaps with a despot upon the throne.  We were so close, but alas, all was for naught.”
“And I shall conveniently take the blame for it,” said Adan grimly.
“Unless you can somehow salvage things,” said the dark man with a sneer, “either way is fine with me.”
“I am sure it is,” said Adan harshly.  “How did this Lord Fenk manage to destroy your wraiths?”
“That we are still trying to discover,” said the man in irritation, “no mortal man should have that power, yet my spies assure me the man has been a power hungry and arrogant skeptic since he was old enough to walk; he is no pawn of the so-called Master, neither do we understand his sudden devotion to the King when he was plotting to overthrow the crown just a few days ago!  It is as if the man has suddenly become someone else.”  He frowned thoughtfully but laughed slightly at his own musings, “that is ridiculous of course.  I look forward to seeing how you rectify matters or watching as you are punished for your failures.”
“No,” said Adan quietly, “you must consider the fate of your own soul.”
“What?!” gaped the man, “You sound as deluded as this Fenk character has suddenly become!”
“Perhaps,” said Adan with a grim smile, “for we no doubt work for the same Master.”
“Is that how it is?” hissed the fiend, “You’ve been plotting against us from the beginning?  Thesk is a veritable genius to let you sneak into such a position of power without making sure you were part of the Brotherhood first!”
Adan shuddered in revulsion, “oh, he made sure of that, but things were not as they appeared.  Now what of you?”
“You are bold,” said the man with a feral grin, “I will give you that, but you are also a fool to thus reveal yourself to me!  For it is simply you against me, and you are not guaranteed the victory.”
Adan smiled ruefully, “perhaps not, but I take this to mean you do not wish to contemplate the eternal implications to your own well-being should I prove the victor?”
The man’s only answer was to leap upon the traitorous Steward, knife in hand.  Eric, waiting impatiently outside the door, heard the scuffle and brazenly interrupted.  The man straightened himself with a triumphant grin as he stood over his unmoving foe and scoffed, “who should be looking to their immortal soul now?  Hmmm?”
“That would be you, sir,” said Eric, as his sword struck true.  He frowned as the villain melted into a viscous black puddle upon his demise, but soon turned his attention to the murdered Steward.  What was now to come of their plots?  He dared not remain in the decrepit house without the Steward to shield him, nor did he look forward to its true master’s return.  Could he venture back to the city and see if he could be of use there?  Or should he return to Astoria and await his mentor there?  He smiled grimly and knew what the sensible thing would be, but what he actually intended was far from the same thing.  He turned sad eyes upon his slaughtered comrade and said quietly, “others will have to see to your interment, sir, for I cannot risk exposing myself thus!”  He fled the room, met his unicorn in the woods nearby, and was soon enough en route to the city.  
The already flighty staff found the dead Steward and immediately abandoned the house, having no one to terrify them into staying any longer and wanting no part in any repercussions that might follow the murder.  Let Lord Thesk see to his own affairs.  Adan found the place completely abandoned when he awoke some hours later; he smiled eagerly and set off for the city, guised as the villainous Thesk.


7

“My Lord Thesk,” said the King with absolutely no warmth or excitement in his voice, “how thoughtful of you to grace us with your presence.  You know our esteemed Lord Fenk, I believe?”
“We have met,” said Thesk, suppressing his amused grin as Fenk valiantly fought to keep Jace’s peculiar smile off his own face.
“What has brought you to town, sir?” asked the King gravely, wondering if the fiend intended to use the Kingdom’s recent woes for his own gain.
“I have come to congratulate you, Sire” said he with a blandly neutral voice, “on the sudden rescue of your Kingdom from such vile foes.”
The King frowned in bafflement but said politely, “thank you, it is quite a relief, to be sure.”
“You may also be sure,” said Thesk, “that the main plotter behind this entire fiasco is dead.”
“Really?” said the King with true interest, “and how would you know that?”
“He recently murdered my Steward over some minor incident and was killed himself when the man’s secretary overheard the conflagration,” said Thesk, quite at his ease, continued he, “you must certainly know that I have been dabbling in blood magic and worse.”  With that, he made a grand bow and took off at the run.
The King stood there gaping for a moment but immediately called the guards, “after him!  After the traitor!  Seize his lands and bring me his head!”
Adan dashed out into the gardens and fled to a far corner, concealing himself in the ferns that edged a grove of ancient trees.  He allowed his visage to shift into that of an anonymous palace servant and watched in amusement as a search was begun of the entire palace grounds.
His grin died suddenly however when he heard a man beside him say, “my lord Steward?”
Adan was not surprised to find the assassin crouched beside him in the underbrush, said he dryly, “master assassin.”
Said he with a chuckle, “so you are of the same uncanny nature as our Lord Fenk, eh?  No wonder Thesk was so easily convinced that you were something you were not.”
“Easy!” said Adan, aghast, “It was the most horrid experience of my life.”
“I suppose it was at that,” grimaced the former assassin, “even if it was all an act.”
“Is there anything to which you are not privy, sir?” asked Adan with a grin.
“Not much passes in my immediate vicinity without me catching a whisper of it, sir,” said he with a proud smile.
“Why are you out here hiding in the shrubbery?” asked Adan, “When I hear you have become Fenk’s second in command.”
The assassin smiled grimly, “the King had a rather unsettling experience one night, though he thinks it a dream, and my Lord Fenk highly advises me to avoid any further contact with his Majesty.”
“I see,” said Adan with a knowing smile, “and what is to come of you, sir, now that matters are very nearly settled in Ipsorea?”
Said the man with a sigh, “I am to accompany your friend back to Astoria and speak with your Lady upon the matter.”
Adan frowned, “has a boy presented himself at the castle gates today?  One lately of this Shadow of yours?”
“That is a touchy subject sir, as you no doubt understand,” said the assassin quietly.
Adan’s eyes widened, “he returned in haste only to discover his mentor was dead?  What happened?”
The man shook his head in wonder, “Lord Fenk tried to calm the lad, but obviously that would have availed him nothing, seeming stranger that he is.  Instead he went in search of the perpetrator, seeking justice.”
Adan snorted, “which is another reason you are hiding in the bushes.”
“Precisely,” said the assassin with a wry grin, “though it is rather embarrassing to hide from such a one.”
“Is that so?” said a cold voice, “then to die by my hand will be all the more discomfiting!”
They were on their feet in a moment and both turned to look upon a grim faced boy, sword in hand, who was studying the assassin with a deadly interest.  Said Adan quietly, “this man will face justice for this as well as all of his crimes, sir, but it will be the Lady of Astoria who metes it out, not you.”
Eric said grimly, “the Lady is not here, sir, nor can I trust such a fiend to accompany me peacefully back to Astoria!”
“In very truth you can, lad,” said the assassin, holding his hands up, empty palms forward, “for that is what I promised to do, if given the chance to help set matters aright in Ipsorea.”
“He murdered my mentor!” snapped the boy, “You did not give him the chance to plead his case before striking him down without cause!  Why should I not do the same?”
“Because you will break Oath,” said Adan warningly, “this man has an appointment with justice; it is not for you to gainsay that.”
“It is not fair!” said the boy in growing frustration.
“Life never is,” said the assassin, feeling the boy’s grief acutely and knowing him to be in as much pain as ever he was upon the death of his beloved, “I did not mean to inflict such grief upon you, nor on anyone for that matter.  My soul is black with misdeeds, but never did I consider their impact on those who loved my victims.  I am no better than the men who unwittingly rode down my betrothed years ago.  You have my word that I will face your Lady’s justice.”
“Very well,” sighed the boy, moved by the man’s own grief, “I will escort you to Astoria.”
“We shall speak with Lord Fenk at his earliest convenience,” said the villain with a grin.
“Fenk?” gaped the boy, “what can he possibly have to do with anything?”
“More than you could imagine,” said Adan wryly, causing Eric to frown at the servant, wondering what business he had in the matter.  Adan smiled at his befuddlement, “and I shall be accompanying you as well.”
Eric shook his head, “this shall be a very strange party indeed!”
“Quite,” said the assassin with a grin, “but not one soon forgot, I think.”
The servant bowed to them both, “I shall fetch his lordship, if he is amenable.”  He eyed them both sternly, “try not to kill one another while I’m gone!”  They both frowned at him as he dashed off then shared an exasperated glance before smiling ruefully at this inadvertent commonality.
Said Eric quietly, “tell me of your lady sir, if you would?”
The man sighed heavily and seated himself in the grass, “I have not spoken of her since that day...but perhaps it is time I did so.  She was the most beautiful maid in the province...”

The King and Lord Fenk still stood on the palace steps where they had met the newly arrived Thesk, but the searchers were having no luck in apprehending the man.  “We shall watch his estates, Sire,” said the captain of the guard earnestly, “and the moment he returns thither, we shall apprehend him.”
“Very good,” said the King.  He turned to Fenk, “and what of you milord?  I and the Kingdom are greatly in your debt, you and your Shadow.”
Fenk bowed deeply, “you, and especially your people, owe me nothing Sire, rather I believe it is time I was on my way.”
The King frowned, “on your way?”
Fenk grinned, “I shall do a little traveling Sire, now that matters are settled here.  Perhaps I shall visit legendary Astoria and see if it holds anything for me.”
“But you are one of the greatest lords in Ipsorea!” gasped the King, “You can’t just throw it all away.”
“Oh, I won’t be throwing it away, Sire,” said Jace with a grin, “rather I have arranged everything with my attorney and steward.  They will handle matters in a most satisfactory manner.  As for the Shadow, I have already disbanded them; most were solely glory seekers anyway rather than true heroes.  Farewell, your Highness!”  With a formal bow, Jace withdrew before the speechless King again found his tongue; he grinned impishly at a servant who awaited him at the base of the sweeping staircase.  Together they returned to the silent grove in the far corner of the palace grounds.
Eric and the assassin stood at their approach, the odd little company exchanging amused and curious smiles all around.  “Let us be off then my lads,” said his lordship with his peculiar grin, prompting a frown from Eric, who thought he recognized the gesture but knew it to be impossible.
The boy spoke up, “as this is a case involving the Lady, your lordship, and as I am the ranking member of the Brethren here, I suggest that I be in charge of this adventure.”
Fenk studied the intrepid boy with a thoughtful smile, but shook his head, “nay lad, you are but an apprentice and a rather inexperienced one at that.  If a matter pertaining specifically to the Brethren should arise, you shall have your say, but I will be in charge with our faithful servant here as my second.”
Eric gaped, “who are you people and what interest can you possibly have in this matter?”
Jace gave him that impossible grin once more, “far more than you yet realize, lad.  Now let us be off while the light lasts.”  He narrowed his eyes and asked Adan, “you are certain matters are settled here?”
Adan grinned, “I still do not know what grand scheme they intended to unleash next but the mastermind is dead and all his plans lay in ruin.  The only question is: will Thesk be caught by the King or the Brotherhood?  For his sake, I pray it is the King.”
Eric gaped anew, “how do you know that?”
Adan grinned, “I have my sources, lad.  Now are you going to listen to our esteemed captain or must we bind you hand and foot and drag you along like so much luggage?”
Feeling himself very much outnumbered, the apprentice immediately ran to the stables to secure his mount while the servant went to procure what they would need for the journey.  Said the assassin to Jace as the others hurried off, “you aren’t going to tell him?”
“Tell him what?” said Jace with a grin.
“I thought as much,” said the man with a shake of his head, “how is it you let a murderer like me in on your secrets but allow the boy to live on in ignorance?”
“It was necessary at the time,” said Jace quietly, “and it will make his life a far simpler one if we need not entangle him in our little conspiracy.”
“What does that say about my own life?” asked the assassin with some concern.
“I cannot yet say,” said Jace quietly, “for it is yet to be seen.”
“You are certainly as clear and helpful as any of the Brethren I have ever met, sir,” said the grim man with a shake of his head.
“I know,” said Jace with a grin, “but I cannot help it, for I am no Seer.”
The man snorted, “well there is a surprise, but it is good to know there is one uncanny skill of which you are not possessed.”
Jace smiled mysteriously, “at least in that sir, you are correct.”
The party was soon enough mounted and set off for Astoria though they only had a few hours of daylight left by which to ride, but they were so eager to be out of Ipsorea that even so meager a distance as they would cover that afternoon was considered agreeable.  Said Adan to Jace as they rode along, “so what is to come of your apprentice?”
Jace grinned, “his mentor is dead, perhaps the Lady will find a more suitable man to fill that position.”
“You have at least cured him of loquaciousness, but I fear you doom Hawk to three centuries of mortality,” said Adan quietly.
“I know,” said Jace, a lump rising in his throat, “perhaps we can switch back upon our return?”
“I doubt it,” said Adan, “unless you want to resume the position of swordmaster?”
Jace grimaced, “not really, but I suppose you are right.”
Adan frowned, “what of the boy in his future endeavors?  Wraiths will be drawn to him and he to them, and as a Messenger, he will no doubt ride through places where such fiends are wont to lurk.”
“It cannot be helped,” said Jace grimly, “but do we not all risk life and limb every time we leave Astoria in such pursuits?  He will not rest easy as a Philosopher in a library somewhere.”
“I suppose not,” said Adan sadly.
Jace shook his head and smiled, “first you are worried he will inconvenience Hawk by living too long and now you are worried he will meet an untimely demise, which is it?”
Adan chuckled, “that is a rather perplexing situation, milord.”
Jace grimaced in distaste at his rather portly and middle-aged, though still vital, visage, “this wasn’t exactly how I wanted to return to Astoria!”
Adan laughed, “try being Thesk’s Steward for a month!  At least you are something of a warrior, if an aging one.”
“Point taken,” said Jace with his peculiar grin.
Eric rode up and interrupted their conversation, said he, “who are you people and why is everyone riding to Astoria?”
“Why did you go there at the first?” asked Jace with a merry light in his eyes, “Why do most go there?  To find answers and a purpose.”
Eric nodded slowly, “true,” then he glanced uneasily at their willing captive who rode along, lost in his own thoughts, “what of him?”
Jace grinned, “weren’t you ready to kill him yourself only earlier today?  You sound as if you are having second thoughts?”
Eric shrugged uneasily, “I have come to realize he has as much of a heart and soul, feelings and yearnings, as any other man.  I thought the villains would be thoroughly evil through and through, but I find him disturbingly human.”
Jace nodded, “you are beginning to learn wisdom lad.  How can the villains be thoroughly evil when you, as the supposed hero, are not completely and utterly good?  No man is a lost cause until he has flung himself willingly into the Abyss and forever sundered himself from the Master’s presence and grace.  All your foes are human lad, with their own unique personality, story, and dreams; never forget that.”
The boy beamed, “you sound almost like my lost mentor.”
“Aye, lad,” said Fenk with a sad smile, “he is not so lost as you think him to be.  None are, who are in the Master’s keeping.”
The boy sighed heavily, “but I shall miss him.”
“It would be a pity if you did not,” said Jace with a grin, but Adan handily wiped it away with an elbow in his friend’s ribs.  Eric’s eyebrows rose at such inexplicable goings on between the two disparate parties.
Said he with a frown, “you two do not act the part of lord and servant!”
“No,” said Adan with a smile, “do not all who make this journey abandon whatever it was they were before?”
“If they join the Brethren,” said the boy with a thoughtful frown, “but neither of you are yet in that position.”
Jace laughed, “perhaps we are just getting ourselves used to the idea?”
Eric snorted, “you mind me of two newly sworn Warriors, drunk with their own excitement.”
Adan glared at Jace, but he softened the gesture with a slight smile, “now your nonsense is tainting me too!”
Jace nodded sternly, “bad company corrupts good morals, my friend.  Remember that!”
Adan rolled his eyes, “can’t we wait until we reach Astoria before you start to pontificate?”
“One of us had better,” said Jace with his inimitable grin, earning another frown from Eric therewith, “besides, we have an apprentice to put through his paces.  No sense wasting time and so forth.”
Eric gaped, “you think you can teach me anything useful upon the way?”
The elder Brethren exchanged a knowing glance and Adan said, “we can certainly try.”
“Then you’ll have made the poor lad as much a reprobate as either of you by the time we get there!” said the assassin with a laugh.
“That’s a risk I’m willing to take,” said Jace with a smile.
Eric shook his head in exasperation, “I fear I must concur with our esteemed companion; you’ll no doubt be the ruin of me!”
Jace chuckled, “then there shall be three of us begging the Lady’s pardon rather than just one.”
Eric shivered, “how can you speak of the Lady so blithely.  She makes Kings tremble!”
“Yes,” said Jace with a knowing smile, “but I am no King.”
Adan laughed, “thank the Master for that!”  None could restrain their mirth thereafter.  
Slowly, the assassin found his heart opening again to life and knew a peace he had not known in many a year.  He had yet to tell his true name to any of his companions, for he still felt as if the man he had been died there upon the road with his betrothed, and the man he had been since had never had a name.  He was a creature of the shadows and the darkness, never seen or known by peaceful men, but he now found himself in the company of these strangely jovial folk, who despite their uncanny nature, were the most effortlessly human of any men he had ever met.  Each worked with the boy on his martial skills during their respites or regaled him with some bit of wisdom or a forgotten tale as they rode.  The assassin found himself listening as eagerly as the boy, each day his soul beginning to unfold a little more towards hope as a flower bud to the sun.
By the time they reached Astoria, Eric had forgotten that his companions were not numbered among the Brethren, at least to his ability to discern, and was quite aghast when the guards upon the castle gates asked who his companions were and why he was returning unaccompanied by his mentor.  That he was struck speechless by the questions was considered even more suspicious than his odd companions and missing mentor, as all remembered well the former loquaciousness of this particular youth.  Groaned he at last, “we must see the Lady at her earliest convenience.  My mentor is dead and these men seek justice and I know not what!”
One of the Warriors on duty asked of each of the men if they meant any mischief or harm towards the Lady, the Brethren, or Astoria.  Jace said evenly, “certainly not, sir.”
Hearing the truth in the man’s voice, he nodded, “the servant will see that you are settled, sir and an audience will be arranged with the Lady as soon as may be.”
Jared arched an eyebrow at Fenk as he led them to their quarters, “dead, hmmm?”
“Quite unfortunate,” said Jace with a rascally grin, “but I think the Lady will be quite pleased with the progress made by the man’s former apprentice.”
Jared gaped, “how could I not have noticed?  Now that is a miracle indeed!  Maybe there was a use for the fellow after all.”
Jace shook his head, “we can only hope.”
They left Eric in a room with another unattached apprentice while the others were given a chamber befitting their status as guests and supplicants.  Jared frowned at the assassin as he turned to go, “who is your curious friend?”
Adan grinned, “quite a skilled assassin.”
Jared frowned, “and you are just going to let him run loose within the keep?”
Jace shrugged, “the man has only killed me twice, sir.”
Jared groaned, “and let me guess, he is privy to more of our secrets than even the Lady herself?”
Adan nodded, “it would appear to be so, sir.”
 Jared eyed the assassin, “and what are your intentions in all of this, sir?”
The man smiled sadly, “only to seek the Lady’s justice.  I fear your comrades here have thoroughly corrupted me upon the journey hence.”
Jared shook his head, “miracles indeed!  I shall see the Lady upon this matter immediately.”  He nodded farewell to the assassin and returned the salutes of his underlings before vanishing from the room.
The assassin said in surprise, “I am beginning to think all the Brethren are part of your little conspiracy.”
Jace smiled, “nay sir, there are only five members of the Shadow currently roaming the world at the moment.”
The assassin frowned, “the Shadow?  As in Shadow of the Unicorn?  Has his late lordship’s last harebrained scheme finally addled your own wits, sir?”
Adan shook his head, “no, the true Shadow of the Unicorn has nothing to do with whatever scheme the late Lord Fenk saw fit to dream up.”
Jace grinned impishly, “we hardly ever spend time in common rooms getting drunk or flirting obnoxiously with the female clientele.  And we get all of the danger with none of the glory.  Save yourself and the Lady, none knows of our existence who is not a part of the Shadow.”  He continued quietly, “save perhaps a few of our enemies.”  
“That’s a relief at least,” said the assassin with a grin, but he sighed heavily, “I suppose I’ll take your secret to the grave, but it is a fate that is long overdue in my case.”
Adan gave Jace a significant look, “what ever came of that sorceress that had you blissfully shoveling horse muck for six months?”
Jace frowned thoughtfully, “last I had heard, she was still comatose.”
The assassin had perked up and looked eager to hear the tale; Adan smiled ruefully, “why don’t I regale our nameless friend with the story while you go discover the truth of the matter?”  Jace nodded, wondering what his friend was up to, but hastened off to do as he was bidden.
He found Jared in the corridor, just returned from the Lady’s audience chamber en route to their temporary quarters, said he, “the Lady will see you immediately sir, there is no need for you to come seeking me in such haste; we have not forgotten you.”
Jace shook his head at the public role forced upon him, but said quietly, “it is not our hearing that concerns me, sir, rather I would know of one Naia, a lady who is rumored to be in Astoria under the Brethren’s care.”
Jared frowned, wondering what on earth had brought up that particular subject, but he said casually, “the lady has been abed for a very long time sir, after a nasty mental breakdown she suffered one dark night, but she awakened only this morning.”
“Really!” said Jace in unfeigned wonder, “My companion was asking of her.”  At Jared’s frown, Jace smiled, “the one of your acquaintance, sir.”  
Jared relaxed significantly and his frown became thoughtful, “I wonder what he’s thinking?”  Jace shook his head and followed the servant back to their quarters where Adan had just finished the odd tale.
The assassin grinned, “sounds like a woman after my own heart.”
Jace shuddered, “I would hope not, sir, for all our sakes.”  He frowned, “though it is theorized she previously suffered from some malady of the mind, but we cannot know of a certain until she is fully within her senses.”
“She yet sleeps?” asked Adan.
Jared shook his head, “nay, she wakened just this morning, but is still quite disoriented and out of her senses.  You, my friends, rather have an appointment with the Lady and it will not do to keep her waiting.”
Jace shook his head, “how is it you convinced her to see us so soon?  It was certainly not for my sake.”
Jared smiled knowingly, “in that you are correct.  It is for our assassin’s sake and his alone; you other troublemakers are lucky she will see you at all, especially when she knows you are simply trying to be rid of your apprentice.”
“True,” said Jace with a smile, but he sobered as he addressed the grim faced assassin, “are you ready sir?”
The man sighed, “might as well get it over with.”  He frowned, “if I survive this, could you introduce me to this bedridden sorceress of yours?”
Jared said quietly, “let us attend to your situation first, sir then we shall address other matters.”  The man shrugged, smiled sheepishly, and attended them as they ventured off.
After the formalities, the Lady studied the assassin with interest, said she at last, “you had best start your tale at the beginning sir, what little I have heard of it intrigues me greatly.”
He bowed and began, ending with, “and so I come before you Lady, seeking your forgiveness and your justice.”
She frowned, “forgiveness is not mine to grant sir, your victims, their loved ones, and the Master alone can grant you that.”
He bowed his head in contrition, “so I thought my Lady.  Then it is a great favor that you take my head, for I cannot live with such guilt forever my companion.  For how can the dead forgive?”
“That matter is beyond our understanding,” said she gently, “but the Master’s forgiveness is offered freely to all, if we will but accept it.”
“It seems too easy,” said he quietly.
“That is the great paradox,” said she with a sad smile, “it is both the easiest and hardest thing in the world to accept, for men wish to earn their salvation rather than taking it freely as a gift.”
He bowed his head and went to one knee before her, “then let it be unto me as you have spoken.”  He looked at her then, gratefulness and peace strong in his keen eyes, “now I may die a contented man, my Lady.”
“I did not give you leave to die sir,” said she with a slight smile, “your entire life has been one of death and destruction, let us see if we cannot use it for a better purpose.”  He gaped at her and her smile turned grave, “it is far harder to live with one’s deplorable past than to die for it, but I think you have the heart for it, and with the Master’s strength, I believe you can do just that.”
“I think this will be my hardest assignment yet, my Lady,” said he in trepidation.
“Before we continue,” said she with a slight frown, “I must know one thing?”
“Yes, my Lady?” said he with a wan smile, knowing what was coming.
“Have you a name?” asked she.
He studied his feet and then evenly met her gaze, “I have not heard my name spoken among men since my beloved was lost to me and I felt as if the man I once was perished alongside her.  But perhaps that man did not die, but merely forgot who and what he was.  Perhaps it is time he lives again.  My mother called me Evan, my Lady, and you may do the same.”
“Very good Evan,” said she quietly, “let the assassin die here and now that the man you were meant to be may live once more.”
He bowed his head, “as you wish it, my Lady.”


8

She frowned at him in puzzlement, “now what to do with you, sir?”
He cocked his head and raised an eyebrow, “what to do with me?”
She nodded, “usually in such severe cases the pardoned man is asked to join the Brethren, as both something of a punishment, a life sentence as it were, and as a sign that his old life is truly behind him, but I do not feel that it is entirely appropriate in your case.”
Evan nodded thoughtfully, “I quite agree Lady.  I do not doubt I would be rather ill-at-ease amongst your servants.  I have not been a sociable man in many long years and am not even sure such service would be my heart’s desire.  I will not take the Oath simply to spare my life; I can only do so with a fully willing heart.”
“And I would not accept it, did you give it to me under such circumstances,” said she quietly, “I will only accept an Oath freely given.  I am currently at an impasse sir, perhaps time will give me wisdom, but for now, have I your word that your old life is behind you?”
The man bowed deeply, “and heartily glad am I to see it go.”
“Very well,” said she, “you are free to roam about the keep as you will and you may ride abroad in the company of one of my servants until I determine what is best to be done with you.”  She eyed the seeming servant curiously, “Jared?”
Jared shook his head, “I have no counsel to give, Lady.”
Said she with a smile, “there is a first time for everything, it seems.”
She at last acknowledged her brother, “and what of your apprentice?”
Jace shrugged, “his loquaciousness is behind him but I fear he has yet to learn to control his rashness.”
Her smile became wry, “a trait he will not be learning from you.  Seeing as how he thinks his mentor dead, I have no choice but to reassign him anyway, and as he must learn something you cannot teach, I am forced to place him elsewhere.”
Jace bowed, “as you wish it my Lady.”
She smiled slightly, “I believe it is in everyone’s best interest that I do so, most particularly his.  At least now he won’t drive my Messengers to distraction with his unabating chatter.”  She addressed them all again, “very well, Evan is in your keeping until it is apparent what he should do with the rest of his life.”
“Hopefully it does not take the rest of my life to figure it out,” said Evan with a grin.
She sighed in feigned exasperation, “it seems you are another that has suffered from my brother’s influence, perhaps I should extricate you from his clutches as well?”
“Nay Lady,” said he with a deepening smile, “I am loath to make the acquaintance of too many too quickly.”  He sobered, “but might I meet the woman called Naia, when she is recovered enough for such an interaction, her story intrigues me.”
The Lady nodded thoughtfully, “it may be of benefit to you both.  You have my leave to do so as soon as the doctor deems her fit for visitors.”  They bowed their farewells and left the chamber.
Adan remarked to Jace as they ambled down the corridor, “you do not seem in the least upset that you have just been stripped of your apprentice, an action rarely taken amongst the Brethren.”
Jace smiled sadly, “I am fond of the boy, but he needs to apprentice with someone who will not get him killed thrice on every assignment.  I haven’t the heart for it.”

They retreated to their chambers to discuss the matter, Evan asking Jared the moment the door was closed behind them, “what did the Lady mean by asking your advice as to my future?”
Jared studied the man quietly for a moment before responding, “you have become deeply embroiled in Shadow business sir, and she was curious as to whether or not you would be recruited into our service.”
Evan said quietly, “I must say the skills exhibited by your comrades are quite enticing, but I am as uneasy at the thought of serving this Shadow of yours as I am in taking the Oath.”
“I appreciate your honesty,” said Jared, “this is not a life to be entered upon a whim.  It will try your heart and soul severely, and as it seems you have only just recovered yours, it is not a decision you can make with any certainty at the moment.  Rather, I would advise that you take part in the classes here, immerse yourself in Astoria’s renowned library, and question my colleagues with excruciating attention to detail.”
Jace said with a smile, “I did not think you a proponent of torture, sir.”
Jared laughed, “I forget that you are immune to such methods, having experienced our formerly loquacious apprentice’s impressive talents for an extended period of time.  A pity that!”  He continued more seriously, “I also can’t have two of my field agents loitering about the keep, at their leisure.  Adan, you will be off on the morrow and I am certain we’ll find Jace something to do ere long.  Make your farewells.”
They smiled fondly at the captain as they made their salutes and he returned both gestures before withdrawing, “until tomorrow then.”
Jace said eagerly, “I don’t have to be Lord Fenk any more, how splendid!”
Adan shook his head, “we’d best do as the captain said and make our farewells of Eric at least, though he’d be the only one to miss either of us.”
“I suppose you are right,” said Jace with a sigh, “but I cannot wait to be rid of this corpulent physique.”
Adan laughed, “for a man with no fixed form, you certainly are concerned about your appearance.”
Evan frowned, “what is your true form?”
Jace shrugged and shifted suddenly into the face he had been born with, “we were each born with a fixed guise, as are all men, but for varying reasons, we often must change our identities during the course of our duties.”
Adan smirked, “for example, the man standing before you was executed for murder several years ago.”
“A mere formality,” said Jace with a grin, “though it was my own sister that had it carried out.”
“She is a formidable woman,” said Evan with a smile, “it would be wise never to cross her.”
“Something this rogue has yet to learn,” said Adan with a shake of his head.
“Well,” said Jace, all business again, “shall we visit Eric that we may forever dispense with Lord Fenk?”
Adan sighed, “anything to sooth your vanity.”
They found the boy eagerly awaiting them in the dining hall at the evening meal and there made their farewells.  The boy was rather crestfallen, “but I had hoped you both would become enamored with all Astoria has to offer and remain for some time!  You have only just arrived.”
“We have found what we came for, lad,” said Fenk in farewell, “you have no need to worry about that.  And won’t you be off soon with another mentor anyway?”
“I suppose so,” said the boy with a sigh, “though I had hoped...anyway, fare you well, whatever your path.  I have enjoyed our time together.”
After they parted company, Evan begged fatigue and returned to his room while Adan and Lord Fenk thought to make their final exit from Astoria, mounting up and riding out into the dying day, only to return an hour later as two rather anonymous Messengers.  They cornered Hawk in the practice yard and conscripted him into their company, retreating to the abandoned lawn for a night of conversation and companionship.
Said Hawk to Jace as they sat under one of the ancient trees, “I think I have adapted fairly well to this mortality thing.”
Jace grinned impishly, knowing quite well how his friend would answer, “if you would prefer, I can take over as swordmaster for a time?”
Hawk shook his head in mock dismay, “I am still setting things aright after your last stint as swordmaster, thank you very much.”
Jace said defensively, “that was two years ago!”
Adan chuckled, “I fear he misplaced his sense of humor with Eric’s loquaciousness.”
“Sobriety?  Jace?” said Hawk in concern, “I do not believe it.”  At this they all broke out laughing, happily proving Adan wrong.  So did the night pass joyfully for them all, but at last the swordmaster said with a yawn as a pale grey appeared in the east, “that is one thing I envy you uncanny immortals: no need for sleep.”
Jace placed a hand on his shoulder and a flash of light passed between them, “this is poor recompense for what you have done for me, my friend, but it is all I can offer you at the moment.”
The now bright and alert swordmaster said with a wistful grin, “I have no need of recompense, Jace.  I do not regret my choice neither must you fret about yours.”  They made their farewells, as Hawk had a class to teach and Adan felt it was nearly time he was off, but first he must find the captain to discover where exactly he was going.  Jace went to find Evan and introduce him to life in Astoria, but the man was gone.
He initially wanted to panic, but his more reasonable side, which some doubted he even had, kicked in.  He could not have escaped the keep without the guards noticing so he must be somewhere in the castle, but where?  He smiled eagerly and vanished from sight, hoping Naia still inhabited the same chamber.  Evan was sitting in a chair beside the bed in which the woman was sleeping, studying her with such a look of pity that Jace did not reveal himself, rather he withdrew from the chamber and approached it once more, this time visible and in the guise on an anonymous Messenger.  Asked he of the servant on duty without, “I seem to have lost a friend of mine, have you seen him?”
The servant glanced at his feet awkwardly as Jace gave Evan’s physical description, at last he looked up anxiously, “please do not be angry with me sir,” said the man pleadingly, “I know the lady is to have no visitors not approved by the doctor, but the man was so pathetic and miserable looking, and she so long asleep, I could not help but let him in.”
“It is all right,” said Jace gently, “I was just anxious for his safety.”
The conversation was loud enough to draw Evan from his vigil, for he emerged shortly thereafter looking rather abashed, “I had to come.”
Jace frowned, “had to?”
Evan shook his head in wonder, “I can hardly explain it; I’ve never felt so determined or desperate to do anything before.”  He smiled wryly, “I even pled with the servant here to let me pass, and you know I am not one to beg!”
“That you are not,” said Jace with a thoughtful smile, “perhaps I could ask the Lady to allow you visiting privileges.”  He frowned, “what is your draw to the lady?”
Evan shook his head in dismay, “that I know not, save perhaps a puzzle I desire to solve or perhaps I feel a kinship to her because of our questionable history; perhaps I can somehow aid in her recovery in a way that none of us can yet see?”
Jace nodded then sighed, “the Lady will not be pleased you disobeyed a direct order, but perhaps we have discovered your purpose, at least for the immediate future.”  Evan’s eyes nearly glowed in eagerness, minding Jace much of himself at a far younger age.  He smiled reminiscently and led the way to see if the Lady had time to entertain their nonsense.
She saw them immediately, more to get it over with than for any other reason, said she in exasperation, “very well, as long as the doctor does not protest.”  She eyed Evan sternly, “I will confine you in the dungeons, sir, if I must, if the doctor orders it otherwise.  Am I understood?”
Evan bowed deeply, “yes madam.”
“Very well,” said she, “off with you both.”  She smiled dryly at Jace, as he bowed in farewell, “welcome home Jace, there is never a dull moment when you are about the keep.”  He smiled at her as only he could but happily refrained from comment.
Thus did Evan take up his vigil by the lady’s bedside, though the doctor was not overly pleased, the servants usually assigned the task of attending her were ecstatic.  Each day she was awake for longer periods and gradually gained back her sensibilities, but not her memory, at least at the first.  Jace was soon off on another adventure, Eric was assigned a new mentor and was off himself, while Evan spent every day and a good part of each night nursing the gradually quickening maiden back to health while Jared watched over them both with curious eyes.
At last she was well enough and had recovered enough of her memory that she told Evan all her hideous tale, after which, he shared his own.  She stared at him in wonder, a genuine smile gracing her face and dancing in her eyes.  Said she in a quavering voice, “I have never felt like this, sir, this stirring of something odd within my heart.”  She frowned, “I do not believe I ever had what one would call a heart.  I could work the most vile of evils and feel nothing, save a satisfaction in accomplishing some small feat, but no pity for my victims or remorse for my actions.  Strange is it not, that all at once, I acquired a heart and all my past evils assaulted me at that very moment!”  “What is this odd feeling rising in my heart just now?” continued she in perplexity, but it shone so bright in her eyes that Evan had no difficulty in naming it.
“Hope,” he said with a smile, “for it has waited patiently, all these dark years, for this very moment.”
She smiled keenly, “I believe I like this hope very much, sir.”
Evan laughed warmly, “aye mam, and you’ll come to love it more and more as the days go by, and better yet, its cousin Joy is now accessible to you as well.”  She smiled wistfully and a single tear escaped her eager eyes.
Eventually she was strong enough to leave her bed and walk about the room, and then the corridor, and finally to take long walks upon the lawn when the weather was fair, Evan ever at her side.  The Lady came to see her one bright spring day, after asking after her health, she asked that Evan might withdraw, and taking the lady’s arm, they walked together, speaking quietly for nearly an hour.  At last, she returned the lady to her usual companion and motioned for Jared to join her in a less formal sitting room, said she as she paced before the fire, “what am I to do with the pair of them?  The woman has carried out innumerable acts of evil, willingly admits it, yet her mind was twisted at the time!  The man is a murderer yet is so gentle with the lady you would think her his own kin.”
Jared asked thoughtfully, “they are both sincere in their repentance?”
The Lady ceased her pacing and faced her most trustworthy servant, “yes.”
He nodded, “justice demands their heads yet grace would spare them.”
She frowned at him, “my dilemma precisely.  Have you no sage advice as to their fate?”
He smiled sadly, “nay Lady, that is your predicament, and happily not mine.”
She would have throttled him in exasperation had not long practice with Jace taught her patience and self-control, said she, “I will ask the condemned what would be a just and fitting punishment.”
Jared could not help but smile, “in their case it might actually work, my Lady, but I doubt it can routinely be used in such difficult cases.”
She actually managed to laugh, “most especially with murderous brothers.  Fetch them for me, will you?”
He bowed and dashed from the room, returning shortly with the condemned.  After the proper courtesies were observed, she asked them, “and what would you each consider a fitting end to this vile tale?”
Naia studied her feet for a moment, met Evan’s gaze as he nodded his encouragement, then she said at last, “we are both deserving of death, countless times over, my Lady, but were that what you intended, you would not have wasted so many years on healing me only to end it suddenly.  If I may, I would like to somehow add a little joy to the world, in hopes of countering all the sorrow and evil I have wrought.  Your doctor grows old and I have a natural talent for the various sciences, perhaps you would let me apprentice under him and one day serve in his stead?”
“And you, Master Evan?” asked the Lady curiously.
Said he with a smile, “put me to work teaching your Students whatever you would have them know of skulking in shadows, the various martial disciplines, and the like.  Let my interesting skillset be used to help those that are intent on using them to aid others.”
“And?” asked the Lady, sensing something significant had not yet been broached.
It was Evan’s turn to study his boots, he lifted his gaze and met the Lady’s dancing eyes, “might we trouble you to marry us, my Lady?”
“Happily ever after?” asked the Lady with a smile.
Evan shrugged then exchanged a smile with his lady, “at least as close as anyone gets in this particular story.”
“Very well,” said she with a firm nod, “I condemn you both to live happily ever after.”



Sword:




1

Fifty years later, Hawk stood in the middle of the practice yard as the last of his Students hastened off to their next class, glad to have the next hour to prepare for the rather involved lesson he intended for the advanced class just before the noon meal.  Suddenly he felt something he had not felt in years, his eyes widened in near panic as he glanced about, hoping no one was nearby as he dashed into the shrubbery along the far wall and collapsed; then there was nothing but light.  He blinked blearily back to waking life, wondering what had happened and why the usually gentle sunlight was so brilliant at this particular hour of the morning.  With a sheepish grin, he realized it was not the sun that was the problem.  Cloaking himself once more in normality, he shakily stood, feeling as he had not since first becoming a Shadow.
Jared stood nearby, a broad grin on his face, “I felt something amiss.  Welcome back, lad.”  His grin widened, “and you awoke just in time for your advanced class.”
Hawk shook his head in dismay, “so much for my prep time, but I suppose I can do that lesson some other time.”  He frowned, “if I am myself again, what has come of Eric?”
Jared shook his head sadly, “it is likely he has abandoned the mortal sphere.  I shall tell the Lady, you have a class to wrangle.”
Hawk nodded sadly, saluted the captain, and cautiously emerged from the concealing vegetation just moments before his first student ambled into the practice yard.  Trying to focus his thoughts on the class before him, he returned to his duties as Jared withdrew to carry out his own.

Somewhere in the wilds north of Waymeet, Eric and his apprentice Evin, the grandson and namesake of a certain former assassin, were riding home after finishing their latest quest when their unicorns suddenly froze, their ears pricked and their gazes fixed upon a curious woman afoot in the midst of a clearing, a naked sword in her hands.  “Ho, trespassers!” declared she in a voice that might have successfully ordered the sun to stand still, a fair imitation of the Lady of Astoria at her most vehement.
Eric said with a frown, “this is a public road madam, or at least a trail that winds through unclaimed lands.”
Said she with disdain, “I have laid claim to these lands and I will not have the likes of you wandering so blithely through them!”
“If you know who we are,” said Eric in consternation, “then you must know, we of all men mean you the least harm.”
“I have no use for men,” said she in dismissal, “at least since my dear father died.”  Her eyes narrowed, barely contained fury seethed in her voice, “and it was one of your ilk that stole him from me.  I do not need the Brethren and their so-called justice polluting my lands!  I am Justice and will see that it is enforced within my bounds.”
Eric said calmly, “what is it then you propose madam?”
She smiled maliciously, “a duel betwixt yourself and I.  I have no interest in the boy, he may stand as a witness and see to your mortal remains before carrying my warning to all your order!”
“The Brethren do not duel, my lady,” said Eric quietly.
Her sword suddenly began to glow with a strange light and the unicorns whinnied nervously, tossing their heads in dismay, said she in warning, “then all your lives are forfeit, for know I possess the power to destroy you all.”
Hearing the truth in her voice, a cold shudder ran down the Messenger’s spine and he suddenly knew what it was he must do.  Turning sad eyes upon his apprentice, he said quietly, “I fear there is no other way Evin.  We shall meet again beyond time, you and I.  Until then, may the Master ride with you.”
“No!” burst out the lad, tears shining in his eyes, but even as he protested, he knew his mentor had the right of it.  He and the unicorns drew off to the far side of the clearing to watch, tears streaming unbidden down his cheeks while the unicorns snorted and stomped their disapproval.
The woman smiled triumphantly as her reluctant foe drew his sword and faced off with her in the middle of the clearing, her blade still glowing like the new risen sun.  They circled for a moment, before she leapt full upon him, but Eric managed to hold his own, which seemed to surprise her, but her smile became cruel as the radiant sword gleamed forth all the more as it smote his own blade in two before burying itself in his chest.  He fell with a groan, as Evin’s cry of dismay was lost in the furious scream of a bereaved unicorn.  The woman withdrew, gloating triumphantly as the sobbing boy ran to his mentor’s side, but the man was already dead.
She smiled condescendingly upon the boy, “such will be the fate of any of your order fool enough to enter my demesne!  So speaks Lady Justice, now remove that bit of carrion immediately and be gone!”
“Justice indeed,” said the boy in quiet agony, “one day you shall truly know the meaning of that word, lady, and may the Master have mercy upon you.”  She laughed scornfully as she withdrew into the trees and left the boy to see to his dead.

Cieren’s worst fear was that his journey would consist entirely of hoeing some vegetable of an undisclosed nature, but so far that nightmare had not yet been realized, not that his journey in general had been a pleasant experience, but it had not yet degenerated into weeding.  He sat wearily upon a stone as the first stars of evening made their debut and silently wondered how long his own wanderings would last; he found his answer immediately as a piercing pain erupted in his abdomen moments before impenetrable night fell upon him.  As death’s cold hand tightened its grasp, he at last knew what it was to die with no hope of waking, as all mortals must.  With a final gasp, his journey was at an end.
The villain holding the sword frowned and tried once more to extract the blade from both his victim and the stone in which it had inexplicably buried itself, but yank as he would, it was as firmly imbedded in the stone as a great oak is rooted in the earth.  Snarling over the recalcitrant blade, the brigand searched the corpse but found nothing to recompense him for such a grievous loss.  Muttering vexedly to himself, he withdrew into the gathering dusk and hoped the morrow might provide him with a more profitable endeavor; at least it could not prove more strange, or so he hoped.
Cieren’s mortal shell lay there, a victim of scavengers and weather, until nothing remained but a few broken and scattered bones beside the stone upon which he had died, the sword still buried in its heart.  It became something of a curiosity to the few travelers in those forgotten lands and a right of passage to all the boys thereabouts, of which there were but few.  All who passed by or heard of it, had to try their hand at pulling that fabled blade from its peculiar rest, but none ever succeeded.  Until one day a young girl thought to try her hand as all the boys her age were wont to do.  And miraculously, she drew it forth without fuss or effort.  Hefting her prize, she hastened home as quickly as her feet would carry her to show her esteemed father that she was not only the equal of any boy in the neighborhood but also his superior, for none had yet been able to pull it forth as only she could!
But tragedy awaited her at home, for she arrived just in time to see a man, in what she later came to recognize as the hated uniform of the Brethren, drive his sword through her father’s heart.  In her fury and terror, the blade in her hand suddenly shone forth like the sun and she charged the murderer, who took one look at the furious girl and her radiant sword and fled with all haste, abandoning his own blade in process, but his unicorn stood nearby and even she could not keep apace of such a wondrous creature.  She threw down her eldritch blade and raced back to her father’s side.  He smiled wanly up at her and said proudly, “that’s my girl...”  His head sagged to the side and a trickle of blood oozed from his mouth as she collapsed beside him and wept, as if bereft of all hope.
She dutifully buried her father, swearing that she would prove herself worthy of his memory and vowing revenge upon his murderer.  She continued to haunt the old ruins they had called home for her entire life, at least what she could remember of it, but strangely she could not make a living there alone as easily as it seemed the two of them could make a go of it together.  At last, she was forced to abandon their home and her father’s grave and see what else the world might hold for her.  Her only possession, besides the clothes on her back, was her peculiar sword; thankfully her father had taught her a little of the use of such a weapon ere his untimely death.  So it was she took up with a merchant train, turning her hand to any and all tasks in exchange for her keep.  The various guards saw her prized possession and offered to buy it from her, but she refused, and seeing the proud stubbornness and ferocity in her eyes as she withheld the weapon from them, they then offered to continue her education in the warrior arts.
She was a natural with the weapon and soon outstripped her well-meaning teachers, forcing her, at least by her reasoning, to find a more experienced swordmaster.  Soon she had gained a reputation with the weapon and was often sought out as a bounty hunter, mercenary, or hired guard for various important or wealthy personages.  At last she tired of such a life, especially amongst so many men, and hied herself into the wilds, hoping to establish herself in some forgotten corner of the world and there make of life what she could, rather than being a slave to other men’s money.  She had known for some time the identity of her father’s killer, at least the order to which he belonged, and vowed to have her revenge upon the Brethren, but how?  At last she decided to establish her domain upon the northern borders of Astoria, and thus pose a nuisance and a menace to her treacherous neighbors and even have the chance to mete out her version of justice should any be foolish enough to wander through her demesne.
Her sword was a curious weapon indeed, besides for its strange origins; it reacted to its bearer’s emotions, glowing forth the fiercer with her increasing anger, fear, or excitement.  It could not only cleave a foe’s weapon in two, but could also burn as well as cut; it was truly a remarkable weapon, and combined with her natural skill and high spirits, it was a deadly combination indeed.  Most thought the tales of an astounding female warrior with her flashing sword a mere story, save those unfortunate enough to cross her.  She thought herself very well justified in taking on the title of Lady Justice and declaring martial law in a forgotten corner of the wilds, but she did not know the full truth of her own story.
She had often wondered how one of these so-called just Brethren could kill her father and not break his much-feted Oath, deciding that the tales must either be an exaggeration or a lie entirely, rather than placing any suspicion or blame upon her poor dead father.  The reason she could not make a living alone after her father’s death was because her esteemed father was something of a highwayman and a scoundrel, supplementing their meager income by any means possible, including murder when it availed him.  He told her that her mother had run off with another man when she was but a wee child, abandoning them both, but rather his banditry had rendered the girl an orphan at a young age and he had taken pity upon the poor creature and raised her up as his own, with her none the wiser.  So it was that his deeds had caught up with him one day when he tried to waylay a certain young Warrior who had quickly ended the man’s career, much to his daughter’s horror and astonishment.  The lad would have happily explained the situation and helped her out of her dire circumstances had she not forced him to immediately flee for his life.

Jace had just ridden into the courtyard as Jared emerged from the practice yard, the servant caught the young Messenger’s eye and waited as the boy dismounted and crossed the courtyard to join him, before they both entered the keep.  Said he quietly, “I have grim tidings for the Lady lad, and for you too no doubt, but this will likely be your next quest as well.”  Jace eyed him anxiously as Jared continued with a sigh, “Hawk is a full Shadow again.”
Jace nodded sadly in understanding, “Eric is dead.”
They asked after and were swiftly granted an audience with the Lady.  She frowned at Jared in incomprehension, “I do not understand, Hawk has been mortal all these years and you tell me this sudden restoration of what he has lost means one of my Messengers is dead?”
“Yes, my Lady,” said Jared sadly.
She eyed Jace curiously, “this is somehow your fault, isn’t it?”
Jace smiled in sad reminiscence, “that the boy lived this long is indeed of my doing, my Lady.”  He then told of their encounter with the wraiths that first night in Ipsorea and all that had ensued thereafter.
“I suppose it is only fitting that you investigate the truth of this matter then,” said she with a sigh, she smiled wryly, “that is if your Captain agrees?”
Jared nodded, “of a certainty, my Lady.”
“You have your orders then,” said she.
He bowed formally, “thank you my Lady,” and then withdrew with the Captain from her presence.  He turned to Jared and said quietly, “I guess I’ll be off then, sir.”
Jared smiled warmly, “may the Master ride with you lad.”  The boy smiled sadly, saluted, and soon vanished around a turning in the corridor.
Jace first sought out Hawk before departing on his next mission, he found him finishing up his lesson with the advanced students.  As he sent the students off to lunch, he smiled a greeting at his friend’s approach and they talked quietly on the far side of the yard.  Hawk said quietly, “I am sorry to hear of Eric.”
Jace smiled sadly, “certainly, but you are the reason he has had these fifty years of life to enjoy.  I’m off to find out what happened.”
Hawk nodded, but an eager light was in his eyes, “I cannot say I am sorry to be a full Shadow once more.”
Jace smiled his commiseration, “I understand completely, and no, I don’t take you for a heartless fiend to be speaking thus; it is the pure truth.”
Hawk shook his head sadly, “whatever happened to the Jace we once knew, the one who was adamantly opposed to any sort of sense whatsoever?”
Jace smiled heartily in spite of himself, “perhaps he has finally come of age?”
Hawk frowned, “no, I think I just caught him in a weak moment.”
“That is far more likely,” said Jace with a grin, “welcome back, my friend!”
They talked briefly of other things before Jace felt he must be on his way.  They made their farewells and Jace was soon off, his unicorn impatiently awaiting him in the courtyard, little understanding all the pleasantries that must pass between the various humans before anything could actually be accomplished; unicorns are not big on small talk.  But at last they were on their way, Jace mentally searching for Eric’s mount and frowning at the tale the creature told.  The unicorn snorted his own dismay, but knew this was just the sort of adventure that his master always seemed to entangle himself in.
Jace chuckled at his mount’s reaction, “you could Go you know, if you tire of this sort of thing?”  The creature’s insulted snort was answer enough.
They met Evin as they neared Astoria’s northern border just east of Waymeet, the aggrieved apprentice was both relieved and astonished to learn of their mission.  Said he, “she just ran him through!  Broke his blade with her glowing sword and smote him through the heart, she did; she promises to do the same to any of the Brethren that wander thence.”
“Easy lad,” said Jace quietly, “the Lady must know of this immediately.  Bear the message to her and I’ll track down our murderess.”
The boy shook his head grimly, “you’ll only join my master in an early grave!”
Jace smiled in reminiscence, “nay lad, your master should have died fifty years prior, but the world is a poorer place without him.  I know a trick or two that might avail me against this peculiar fiend, now off with you!”
The boy sighed heavily but nodded grimly, saying in farewell, “may the Master ride with us both.”
Jace nodded, “He ever does lad, never forget that.”
Evin smiled sadly and then galloped off towards Astoria, while Jace queried Eric’s late mount to discover exactly where it was the incident had occurred.  They entered the clearing but found no clues as to the woman’s whereabouts, save signs of a struggle and a few bloodstains on the trampled turf.  He thanked the creature for his help and then left him in peace, that he might mourn after the manner of his kind.
“My messenger either has not reached Astoria or you have come for vengeance?” said a woman’s querulous voice behind them.
“Neither,” said Jace quietly, as he turned to face a young woman with an unremarkable sword in her hand, “I have come to unravel this mystery.”
“Humph,” said the woman, “that has not been my experience with the Brethren.  They are apt to kill first and ask questions later.”
Jace frowned, “you lie madam.”
She smiled slightly, “perhaps I do, at least in part, but it is all too true of the man that slew my father.”
“You know the full tale then?” asked Jace incredulously.
She frowned at him, “the full tale?  What more is there to know?  I saw a man in the uniform of the Brethren drive his sword through my father’s heart before my very eyes.”
“Yes,” said Jace, “but that is only part of the tale.  My comrades cannot strike without just cause, madam or the consequences are dire.”
“So tell the tales,” grumped she, “but I do not believe them true.”
“What matter your beliefs?” said Jace patiently, “They will never make anything more or less true.  They must either accord with the truth or contradict it, and thus your beliefs would be wrong.”
His comments angered her and the sword began to glow dully, said she with a sinister smile, hefting the sword, “this is all the truth I need know.”
Jace frowned, feeling a resonance within himself from the peculiar blade, “where did you find such an uncanny weapon?”
She frowned at his utter lack of fear, but smiled proudly, “I pulled it out of a stone where it had rested for nigh on forty years.”
Jace said thoughtfully, “and how long has it been in your possession?”
“Ten years or so,” said she, her brow furrowing, “why?”
“I wonder?” said Jace quietly to himself, “The timing would be about right.”
“What are you mumbling about?” griped she.
Jace eyed the sword again, “you have not solved my mystery lady, rather you have given me even more of an enigma to wrestle with.”
“Enough of your enigmas, sir,” said she impatiently, “I am Lady Justice and any of your order that trespasses into my domain must forfeit his life.”
“As to that,” said Jace with a sigh, “you have no true understanding of the concept you claim to embody and such laws are far from just.  Have you not just murdered one of my comrades, before his apprentice’s eyes, even as you claim to have been traumatized by your own father’s death?”
“That is justice,” mocked she, “an eye for an eye and so forth.”
“Will only make the world blind,” quipped Jace.
His flippancy pushed the woman over the edge and the blade flared forth with her wrath, causing an echoing glow to radiate from Jace and his unicorn, before she blindly lashed out at the insipid fool.  The pair vanished in a blinding flash as her sword struck, leaving her to stand there blinking in complete bewilderment.


2

In the next instant, Jace and the unicorn stood upon a winding cart path in another part of the world.  The boy felt inexplicably drawn to a large stone that sat alongside the path; he dismounted and approached the strange rock.  He studied it carefully, but it appeared as unexciting as any other stone in the known world, save for a small fissure that appeared quite deep but was very narrow.  Jace drew his sword and inserted it into the cleft, smiling as it buried itself halfway to the hilt.  He had found the infamous stone, now to find Cieren, at least if his theory was correct.
He searched the vegetation thereabouts and found a few pieces of weathered bone that might belong to anything, but he gathered them up and laid a glowing hand to the pile.  There came a brilliant flash and Cieren suddenly knelt on the grass before him, blinking up in joy and wonder.  They exchanged hearty greetings before a strange unicorn nosed in for his own reunion.  Once the formalities were accomplished, Cieren asked of his former mentor, “how long has it been?”
“Fifty years,” said Jace.
Cieren nodded, no longer astonished by such a gap in his history as he once might have been, asked he, “and Kent?”
“He returned twenty years after you vanished,” said Jace with a smile, “it is good to have the Shadow at full strength.”
They chatted a bit of the changes in Astoria and the world since his vanishment, until the boy could contain himself no longer and burst forth, “when do I get to learn all the things with which you taunted me during my apprenticeship?”
Jace smiled impishly, “I do not remember taunting you in the least, though that is apparently your perception of matters.  We can work on a few of them right now, however, your ability to use the light to manipulate, banish, and retrieve objects will take some work.”
“Fair enough,” said the boy eagerly.
Jace frowned, “there is also a slight complication.  What happened here at the end of your journey?”
The boy said thoughtfully, “I sat down to rest on that stone over there as evening drew on and the next thing I knew someone attacked me and then I died.”  He shivered, “I would not like to face such an eventuality outside our Master’s keeping!”
“No,” said Jace quietly, “for the Abyss is far worse an experience than is physical death, and one from which there is no reprieve.”
He drew his sword and showed Cieren what had come of the sword that had pierced him through.  Said Jace in perplexity, “it glows with a light akin to our own and was able to banish both me and my unicorn to this place when we were struck by it.”
“Odd,” said Cieren with a frown, “but I suppose our Master allowed the creation of such a weapon for a reason and we must soon discover its purpose, but first,” he smiled in anticipation, “let’s get on with my final lesson as your mentee.”
Jace nodded and said, “let’s start with becoming invisible; you are already proficient in changing your outward appearance and this is similar, save you become invisible instead of changing your features.  Go ahead, give it a try.”
Cieren concentrated but nothing happened.  Frowning, he then tried a simple shift of his features, but still nothing happened.  His eyes widened as he gasped, “what is happening?”
Jace said quietly, “I feared as much when I first began to suspect where the woman’s sword had gained its power.”  His hand began to glow and he laid it on Cieren’s shoulder, but there came no answering stir of the light from within the boy.  He shook his head, “that weapon has somehow been imbued with your light!”
The boy nodded grimly, “I thought I felt a little odd upon waking.”  He met Jace’s concerned gaze evenly, “I’m still mortal.”  He turned his right palm upward and smiled grimly, “but I’m still a Shadow.”  He frowned, “how do we rectify the matter?”
Jace shook his head, “I hope the Captain knows, for I have no idea.  I suppose we must take the long way back to Astoria.”
Cieren’s unicorn whinnied his disagreement and Jace smiled gratefully, “thank you my friend, though I fear you will be the one who will now have a long walk before him.”  The unicorn snorted as if to say, ‘what is that to me?’  Both Shadows climbed aback the other unicorn as Cieren’s mount sent them forth with a brilliant flash and a rousing whinny of encouragement before beginning his own journey back to Astoria, fleet and silent as the wind.

A servant summoned Hawk after his last class that day, saying there was a matter of some import that a certain personage wished to discuss with him privately.  Hawk nodded and followed curiously after the servant.  He was ushered into a little sitting room wherein waited not only Jared but also Jace and Cieren as well; he heartily welcomed the long absent Cieren back and then addressed the captain, “sir?”
“Our newest Shadow has a problem,” said Jared quietly as Hawk seated himself, “and I have called all of us together in hopes of finding a solution.”  Jace then went on to explain how matters stood, much to Hawk’s wonder and dismay.
“What are we to do?” asked the perplexed swordmaster.
“You have no brilliant answers either it seems?” said Jared with a grin, “We are all equally stymied.  But we cannot allow such a weapon to remain in the hands of a mortal woman who has no true understanding of justice, her pseudonym notwithstanding.”
Jace asked quizzically, “but is it true justice to relieve her of it thus?”
“True,” said Jared grimly, “but she is also a murderess and must be apprehended and made to face the justice she claims to embody.”
Jace nodded, “that would satisfy justice, but why was she allowed to draw it forth when none else could for over forty years and why was it created in the first place?”
“Excellent questions all,” said Jared, “but none to which I have an answer.  Let us at least apprehend the woman and see what comes of it, perhaps a study of the weapon will yield some answers.”
“Tomorrow is the free day,” said Hawk, “I would like to ride out with Jace to meet this curious personage.”
Jared eyed Cieren thoughtfully, “and you lad?”
Cieren sighed heavily, “I know I am vulnerable in my current state, but this matter involves me intimately and I would be there to see it finished, sir.”
“Very well,” said Jared quietly, “you may leave when ready.”  Cieren’s wide yawn made him smile, “might I suggest at first light to accommodate our dear mortal here?”
Hawk grinned, “I cannot tell you how glad I am not to be the token mortal among us any longer!”
Cieren gave him a pathetic look as both Hawk and Jace laughed, the latter saying, “we have each of us taken our turns thus, lad, you’ll acclimate quickly.”
Cieren grinned sheepishly, “I suppose I will at that.”  He yawned again, “please excuse me, it seems I am in dire need of a thing called sleep.”  They bid him goodnight and spent the better part of the night deep in discussion upon the mysterious matter.
As morning pearled the east, Jace said to Jared, “are you going to inform the Lady of our bold move?”
Jared shook his head, “not until you return successful or this matter becomes more complicated.”
Jace grinned inimitably, “with me involved, it is likely the latter.”
Jared sighed heavily, “that I do not doubt, lad.  You’d best go roust that laggard from his bed and get on your way if you want to arrive ere dark.”  They saluted and dashed off, eager as new students in their first sword class.  Jared shook his head at their exuberance and returned to his own duties, wondering how many centuries it would be before they actually faced their adventures with the sobriety that befitted them; with a wry grin, he knew the Day would come before such ever afflicted Jace.
Cieren was surprised to find his unicorn waiting for him in the courtyard, but Jace said with a knowing smile, “I returned the favor he did us, and one day you will do the same.”  The boy was happily reunited with his friend and they were very soon off thereafter, riding as quickly as Cieren’s fragile form could maintain on a lengthy ride.  
But Jared was not to have his wish, for the Lady caught wind of their errand and summoned the faux servant immediately, said she once the formalities were over, “what is going on, Captain?”
“Shadow business, Lady,” said Jared hopefully.
“Obviously,” said she, “but where are you sending my brother, the swordmaster, and their mysterious companion.”
Jared smiled wryly, “I cannot hide anything from you, Lady.  The unnamed other is Cieren, he has finally returned.  They ride in search of Eric’s killer.”
She frowned, “I thought we had sent Jace to investigate the matter?”
Jared nodded, “you know your brother never involves himself in anything straightforward, Lady.  The matter has become rather complicated.”  He then told her of their suppositions and she gaped openly.
Sighed she, “I think I would rather have lived on in ignorance, drat my innate curiosity!  Keep me informed as to how matters fall out, Captain.”
Jared bowed deeply, “yes, my Lady.”

They returned to the same clearing in which Jace had previously found the mysterious lady, but again she was nowhere to be seen.  “I hope this is not a fool’s errand,” said Hawk in dismay, “I have classes to teach on the morrow.”
“You are fools to venture thither,” said the woman’s taunting voice, “thus this can be construed as nothing but a fool’s errand.”  She frowned at Jace, “you I recognize, and now it seems you can give me some explanation for your unsettling behavior upon our last encounter.  Who are these you have led to their death?”
Jace and his companions dismounted, said he, “is there somewhere we might speak as civilized men?”
Snorted she, “in my understanding, men are far from civilized, but I would hate to be counted as a poor hostess, even if I do mean to kill the lot of you.  This way.”
They settled themselves on a collection of mossy stones upon a hillside dappled in ever shifting patterns of sunlight and shadow as the leafy canopy above danced with the playful breeze.  Cieren glanced about happily, “if one must die, this would be a pleasant time and place to go about it.”
“At least you can die happily,” scoffed she, “if such is possible, now answer my questions!”
Jace cocked his head with that peculiar smile adorning his face, further infuriating his hostess, just as it did his sister, said he, “my companions and I are of as curious a nature as your peculiar weapon, thus I still have a mystery to solve.  We are also come to apprehend a murderess.”
“I am merely a defender of mine own,” said she haughtily, “and I do not see it as murder.”
“Perhaps not madam,” said Jace quietly, “but it is murder even so.  You must give an account of yourself before the Lady of Astoria.”
“And what if I refuse,” said she gruffly, “will you take me by force?  Strike me down as one of your order did my father?”
“Either would be justified, madam,” said Jace gravely, “come quietly and nothing regrettable need happen.”
Growled she, “I will not stand before your Lady as an erring school girl nor will I be so threatened by such villainous men!”  In one smooth motion, she drew a pair of knives from their hidden sheaths and launched one at each of the elder Shadows, who lay dead at her feet before Cieren had half drawn his sword.
Cieren pushed his sword back into its sheath and said with wide-eyes, “you are a warrior indeed, madam.  There are few men as skilled with the blade as those you have just slain.”
She frowned thoughtfully at him, “what is your part in all this boy?  Are you but an apprentice who finds himself reluctantly dragged into the very heart of danger?”
Cieren shook his head, “I came of my own accord madam, though I was until recently an apprentice in the keeping of one of those you have slain.”
Her frown deepened, “and yet you do not seem overly concerned that he now lies dead at my feet?”
Cieren shrugged, “as he said, madam, theirs is a peculiar nature and death is only an inconvenience.”
“Theirs?” said she with furrowed brows, “he implied you were all of such a persuasion.”
“He spoke truly,” said Cieren, suddenly studying his feet, “but I have been lately incapacitated.”  She frowned at him in bafflement and he felt he should tell her of the origins of her odd weapon.
“Truly!” said she when his tale had finished.
Cieren said quietly, “of a certainty madam, for I am of the Brethren and cannot lie.”  He smiled sheepishly, “neither could I fabricate such a fabulous history.”
She drew her sword and studied it with a frown, “it looks nothing but an ordinary blade in the light of the sun, but the moment I become angry, afraid, or excited, it becomes something else altogether.”  She turned her keen eyes upon the boy, “yet you say it was imbued with its uncanny powers to your loss?”
“Aye madam,” said the boy, “but I do not know why or how and why you were allowed to pull it forth when no other could.”
She smiled sadly at the blade, as a doting woman might upon her poor kitty that has been out in the cold all night, “yet you thought to take it from me by force?”
“Nay lady,” said Cieren, “we came to justly arrest you for the murder of our comrade.”
She laughed scornfully, “and then take my weapons from me in due course and have your sense of justice satisfied and your goal accomplished thereby.  Just what I would expect of the Brethren.”  She hefted the weapon and threatened the unarmed boy but he did not seem overly concerned, frowned she, “you are not afraid of death then?  Mortal that you are?”
Cieren glanced at his dead friends and said wryly, “I might be relatively helpless in this state madam, but death shall no more be the end of me than it is of them.”
She studied the stiffening corpses and asked, “and how long will it take before they again walk the earth?”
The boy shrugged, “one of my comrades or their unicorns could waken them immediately else they will waken on their own in a few hours.”
Growled she, “so I will never be free of your meddling?  I can kill them a thousand times over and still they would return to pester me?”
Cieren nodded, “aye madam, that is why your surrender is much to be preferred.”
She sighed heavily, “what if I just give you the sword, would you leave me to myself then?”
Cieren shook his head gravely, “you must still give an account of yourself for the murder of our comrade, lady.”
She snarled at him, “what if I can find a way to harness this power you have lost?  It makes for a remarkable weapon but is far less efficient than it otherwise might be.”
Cieren shook his head, “it is my Master’s power, madam!  You risk unmaking yourself, meddling thus!”
She shivered, “I am not such a fool, but why then have I become its custodian and why was it wrought in the first place?”
“I have no answers, madam,” said the boy, “for it was not forged by accident, for many a weapon has thus struck one of my ilk and yet nothing like this has ever occurred.  Your knives are no different than they were ere you threw them though now they lie buried in my comrades’ hearts.  And why your hand was chosen to draw it forth when hundreds of others tried in vain, is also beyond me.  For you do not seem overly virtuous, wise, or courageous beyond the usual wont of women.”
He knew he had made a mistake speaking the last, for her eyes burned in fury even as the sword blazed forth with a deadly light; a moment later it was buried in his breast as his eyes glazed in death.  She mocked the murdered youth, “now who is the unwise one, fool?  How does it feel to be the victim of your own lost light?”  She cackled in delight, but did not withdraw from the glade, curious to see if the dead could truly rise.  A disgruntled snort of disgust drew her attention as three unicorns, not bothering to cloak their dazzling beauty, stepped into the clearing.  She studied the creatures as they studied her and her heart quivered in wonder at such a sight.  Could such fabulous creatures willingly allow villains and fiends upon their backs or were they somehow bewitched?
She froze where she sat while each of the unicorns approached his fallen rider, a familiar blaze of light passing from each to his master, who roused therewith, all save Cieren, who still gazed blankly at the branches overhead though his ruined chest was now whole.  Jace sat up and shook his head ruefully, saying to the dismayed unicorn, “try again.”
The unicorn nuzzled his dead master again, and this time the boy blinked weakly back to life, as Jace shook his head, “one more time or he’ll be abed for weeks.”  With another burst of light, the boy was soon on his feet and smiling sheepishly with Hawk and Jace teasing him warmly about being a sluggard and a lazybones.  The woman cautiously entered the glade once more, entranced by this display of camaraderie and friendship, even more so than by the dead living again.
Said she in quiet angst, “what is this joviality?  Have you not important business to which you must attend?”
“I beg your pardon, madam,” said Jace in some surprise, “have we somehow offended you?”
“Offended?” groused she, “Nay, rather you have confused me.”
“How is that?” asked Jace in some concern, “What is so disquieting about old friends reuniting after a grievous parting?”
She smiled sadly, “for I have never had an old friend to miss thus.  Perhaps if my father had lived to see me venture forth on my own and then I returned worthy of his love, I too would know such a greeting?”
Jace asked gently, “worthy of his love?”
“Yes,” said she with tears in her voice, “he was taken from me ere I had ever earned it, but one day I was determined to do just that.”
Jace frowned, “you loved this fellow with all your heart yet he did not return your affection?”
She grew suddenly cold, “no sir, he did not, but it was my own fault; he assured me his affections would be unquestionably mine once I was worthy of them, but then he was tragically taken from me ere I could prove myself.”
Jace shook his head, “you understand love as little as you do justice, lady.  For it is not a thing that is earned, but rather freely given, notice your own affections!  Had he done aught to earn your love?”
She frowned deeply, “nay sir, he did not.”  She was silent for a long moment and then said, “he was toying with me, wasn’t he?  He would never love me as I did him, but he amused himself by letting me think I could earn his affections and probably laughed when I blamed myself for falling short.”  “Oh wretched heart!” cried she in dismay, “What is to come of me?  Betrayed by him I loved most!”


3

She was on her knees, weeping as she had not since her father’s death, when Jace said gently, “you are not utterly lost, madam.  My own childhood was as starved of love, but I found solace in Astoria and learned there what it was to be human.”
Scoffed she, “I am but a murderer and will find naught there but death.”
“Perhaps,” said Hawk quietly, “but you would not be the first such criminal to stand before the Lady and find life anew as well.”
“Very well,” said she reluctantly, “I will attend your Lady, for I shall have no peace until I do.”  She made to hand over her sword, but as Hawk reached out to take it, the light flared forth so intensely that he was forced to turn away.
Cieren squawked in dismay, “I cannot see!”
Jace laid a hand on his shoulder and the light flashed between them, restoring the boy’s sight.  “Fascinating,” said the boy’s former mentor, “how do you fare lady?”
“Quite well,” said she with a possessive grin, “but why was the boy stricken blind but you and I were not?”
Jace said thoughtfully, “being wrought of the same light, we are not afflicted by its more deadly manifestations, but Cieren, being a mortal man, must endure the consequences.  Perhaps you, as the possessor of the sword, are also immune to its defensive mechanisms?”
Cieren gaped, “blinded by my own light!?”
Jace chuckled but put a reassuring hand on his shoulder, “not your light lad, but that of our Master, though why it is currently abiding in that weapon, I cannot fathom nor why our mysterious companion is its sole possessor.”  He turned to the lady, “it seems we cannot even disarm you when it is willingly done, madam, but I must have your word that you will not try to use it upon my comrades.”
She smiled thoughtfully, “I will not use it unless we are set upon by bandits or other fiends.  Those that mean no harm to me will be in no danger.”
“Very well,” said Jace, “have you a horse?”
“No,” said she.
He eyed the unicorns hopefully, as it would be a long walk else, and finally Cieren’s mount volunteered as the boy mounted behind Jace.  She was rather overwhelmed at this generous offer and said in warm surprise, “perhaps there is such a thing as hope after all!”  With that, they set off for Astoria with all speed, hoping the Lady could solve the mystery.

But the Lady was as confounded as her servants nor could Jared offer any insight into the matter, worse, the lady seemed rather confused as to what had been promised her if she came to Astoria.  “A full pardon?” gasped the Lady in some dismay before eyeing Jace with a furrowed brow, “That seems an odd promise to be granted ere I had personally heard your tale.”
“It was what was offered,” said the woman fiercely.
The Lady continued to eye Jace, her frown deepening, “she tells the truth.”
Jace shook his head, “she may believe it to be the truth, and therefore speaks no lie, my Lady, but we in no way made such an offer.”
The woman rounded on the Messenger, whom she assumed was taking back all that had been promised, “you’re as bad as my father!  Offering this or that reward if I should do a certain thing, but forgetting all about it or changing the bargain the moment I have succeeded.”
“Nay, lady,” said Jace sternly, “we in no way offered you that which you think; a chance of it perhaps, but not a guarantee thereof.  Do you even regret what you have done?”
She smiled at him with her bitter and mocking countenance, “no, I do not!  Hope is a fickle thing compared to power, especially when it was all a lie from the first!  My father was the first to teach me that and you have only continued the lesson.  And here I am with your precious Lady at my mercy and a weapon none can defeat, what will you give me to spare her life?”
“Nothing,” said the Lady harshly, “at least we know your heart at last: an unrepentant murderess!”
“That I am,” smiled she proudly, drawing her deadly blade, which began to pulse with a blinding light as her excitement mounted, “and now I shall prove it!”  She charged the Lady even as the four Shadows leapt into motion; Jace and his companions made to intercept the fierce woman, while Jared stepped between her and her intended target, his hand raised and a deadly light in his eyes, for he knew he had no choice.  She cut down his underlings as easily as a hot knife cuts through butter and then raised her bloody blade to strike down the captain as well, but he clenched his fist, her eyes widened momentarily, and then she dropped stone dead, the sword still clutched in her hands.
The Lady stepped forward, a look of horror and astonishment on her face as she studied the grisly scene.  Said she, “forgive me Captain, if ever I take your Shadow too much for granted or complain too bitterly of that which I do not know or understand.  You have demonstrated your effectiveness and faithfulness all too well this day.”  She smiled down sadly at her murdered brother, whom the awful blade had nearly cut in two, “I am too hard upon him, I think.”
Jared grinned wryly, “neither is he easy upon you; he very nearly asks for it Lady and would be sorely dismayed were matters otherwise.”
“What of the lady and that wretched sword?” asked the Lady in respective pity and disgust.
Jared’s hand began to glow, said he, “let us see what comes of the matter,” as he touched each of his comrades, Cieren needing a bit more attention than the others, a mortal still.  As they were restored to form and function, each stood and studied the aftermath of the unfortunate adventure.
Jace said sadly, “I had such hopes for her, my Lady.”
She shook her head, “such was her decision at the last, and it could have only ended in her repentance or death, for she was too dangerous a fiend to leave loose with that blade.”
“As to that,” said Hawk, “I wonder if it is still dangerous for any but the lady to touch?”
“We had best just destroy it,” said Jared in disgust.
Jace frowned, “why and how was it wrought in the first place and why was she chosen to bear it?”  He eyed the captain anxiously, “how is it to be destroyed?”
Jared smiled grimly, “I would think we could just unmake it.”
Jace shook his head, “that would be like unmaking a Shadow, sir; I think you’d merely send it elsewhere and then we’d have no idea where it ended up.”
“Perhaps,” said Jared with a frown, “but have you any better suggestions?”  He eyed Cieren significantly, “as long as the weapon endures, one of our comrades will be sorely hindered in his duties.”  He turned to the Lady and said respectfully, “you had best withdraw, my Lady, there is no telling if this will be dangerous.”  He glanced questioningly at Cieren, who shook his head adamantly; it might be dangerous but it was a matter of deepest concern to him and he would take the risk.  Jared nodded, “very well, lad, if that is your wish.”  The Lady stepped out of the room, her own curiosity protesting violently, but having learned caution in matters pertaining to the Shadow, she left without argument.
Jared reached down to simply touch the blade and its light flared forth in protest, completely consuming the captain and leaving Cieren blind once more, which Jace quickly rectified, shaking his head, “now what?  It seems we cannot even touch the blade without disaster resulting!”
Hawk’s hand began to glow, “let me try destroying it,” but as he touched the sword, he met the same fate as the captain; Jace was forced to restore Cieren’s sight once more.
Smiled the boy wanly, “this is getting ridiculous!”  He frowned, “perhaps I should try.”
Jace shook his head grimly, but said, “I doubt it will end any differently than we have just witnessed, but go ahead.”
The boy nodded eagerly and laid his hand to the sword hilt; a brilliant flash resulted, and when Jace could see once more, the boy and the sword were gone.  He shook his head in wonder before summoning back the Captain and Hawk, recalling the Lady, and cleaning up the disaster that had formerly been the Lady’s main audience chamber.
Upon hearing the tale, Jared eyed Jace amusedly, “wherever he is, I think Cieren has found himself upon a quest whose peculiarity will be worthy of you.”
Hawk smiled wryly, “then may the Master have mercy upon him!”

The boy blinked awake, wondering where he was; he frowned, for neither did he know who he was.  With a shrug, as if it mattered not, he yawned, stretched, and stood, studying the sunny clearing about him and then smiling eagerly to see a sword on his hip.  At least he seemed to be some sort of adventurer or hero: how very exciting!  Now to find a dragon.  It was a pleasant day to be adventuring; the day was warm with a cool breeze to keep the weary traveler perpetually refreshed and invigorated, the birds sang and the sun was a cheery companion as it traversed the paths of the sky.  Around midday, the lad’s stomach began acting funny, as if demanding something.  The boy stopped and frowned, wondering at this strange sensation, thinking he had felt it once, perhaps in a dream, but he felt it should not be something that assaulted him in the waking world, but ever did it continue to complain, regardless of his rationalizations to the contrary.
With a sigh he studied his surroundings and the contents of his pockets, neither of which turned up anything hopeful, for he was as alone upon the road as his pockets were empty.  With a shrug and a sigh, he continued on his way, resigned to an unhappy tummy for the remainder of the day.  He frowned, for this never happened in the stories or perhaps the writers thereof just left out that rather annoying detail.  And was this not a story and he the hero?  He brightened at this, for certainly some wizened sage or guide would surely confront him momentarily and ease his gastronomical woes.  And in due course, he was thus rescued, but it was no sagacious ancient of pointed hat and ragged beard, but rather a keen eyed man in his prime that met him upon the way.
“Whither go ye, lad?” came the query.
The boy shrugged and said, “wherever the road and story take me, sir.”
The man frowned at this, “then you would be best served to turn around and hie yourself as fast and far as you can in the opposite direction, for you are walking directly into a disaster.”
“A disaster,” said the boy brightly, “but of course, for this tale needs a plot.  Enter the villain; tell me sir, what is it I shall be facing?  Dragons?  A princess imperiled?”
Baye gaped at the youth’s blithe response, “a looming war, lad.  A stand off, at least for the moment, between the rightful King and a villainous usurper with a weapon against which, it is said, that no man can stand.”
“But he has not yet faced me,” said the irrepressible youth.
Baye snorted wryly, “I offered to face the villain but he would not accept my challenge.  Why think you he would face so young and inexperienced a man?  I do not even know if the King would allow it, for the villain has offered to challenge the King’s champion in single combat with the winner taking the throne.  I do not think the King would risk his throne on a mere boy.”
“But will anyone else accept the challenge?” asked the boy.
Baye scratched his chin thoughtfully, “not so far.”  He frowned, “and I suppose the villain will eventually weary of waiting and just smite the King and all his army before placing himself on the throne.”  He shook his head, “you may be the King’s only hope, slim though it be.  But I will accompany you, for though I cannot personally face the fiend, I yet may be of use to either you or the King.”
“Of course,” said the boy eagerly, “now have you any provender with which to sate my hunger?”
Baye could not help but chuckle, “as a matter of fact, my voracious friend, I have just the thing.”  He handed over a small satchel containing bread and cheese and a waterskin, which the boy took with relish, eating as he continued upon his way, Baye at his side.  “This is insane,” remarked Baye as they walked along, but smiling thoughtfully he added, “but then many such quests are.”  He asked of the lad, “have you a name?”
The boy shrugged, “not that I am aware of.”
Baye frowned, “where do you come from?”
“I don’t know,” said the lad indifferently, “and does it matter?  For we have a quest!”
Baye smiled wryly, “you are a bold one lad, I will give you that!”

By midafternoon, they reached a great stone bridge that arched over a deep chasm that separated the King’s realm from the wildlands to the north.  The King, his nobles, and their various guards and armsmen were massed on the south side of the bridge, camped in a wide meadow with many a banner snapping bravely in the wind over the varicolored pavilions that housed the country’s greatest warriors and most renowned men, but none would dare venture out upon that bridge for fear of what lurked upon the far side.  A great man, tall and broad, encased fully in dead black armor with a monstrous sword that seemed wrought of night itself, would stand each morning upon the bridge and offer his challenge anew, but never did a man stand forth to answer his summons and save the Kingdom thereby.  A veritable army of scoundrels, renegades, and ne’er-do-wells had gathered amid the ruins on the far side and only waited their master’s command to cross the bridge and take the realm he claimed as his own, but for now he toyed with the miserable wretches, awaiting a champion who would never come.
Baye went directly to the tent wherein the King daily held court and where sat his council of war, wondering what the King would make of this intrepid but unimpressive hero.  The King was rather astonished to see the man once more, knowing he had challenged the brute but had been refused even so, the villain saying it was an insult and an affront to be so confronted.  Thus had the King’s sole hope died aborning, but here he was again with naught but a scamp of a boy at his side.  “What great plan to rescue my Kingdom and my throne do you now propose, sir?” asked the King in dismay.
Baye shook his head in wonder, “not I Sire, but this uncanny lad.  He proposes to confront the villain himself and save all thereby.”
The King and his Council could not help but laugh, but there was little of mirth or joy in the sound, rather it rang hollow and dull in their own ears.  At last their feigned delight died away, leaving the King to study the staunch but unremarkable lad in the lingering silence.  He was not much to look at, to be sure, but there was a fire in his eyes and a strength in his stance that made the King frown thoughtfully, said he at last, “I suppose it matters little, for the brute has declared that tomorrow he shall make his final challenge and if none stands forth, he and his banditti will cross the bridge to lay claim to all he desires by force.  I will feel the bitter bite of that sword one way or another.  If this contest could be won by courage alone, I believe this boy quite able to deliver us, but even the greatest warrior must fall afoul of that wicked blade.”  He shook his head morosely, “but I will not surrender my Kingdom unfought, so if this boy is the only champion bold enough to stand before my enemies, then so be it!  We will all die boy, but let it not be as cowards!”
The boy bowed, “until the morrow then, Highness.”  
Baye made his own bows and withdrew with the peculiar lad, said he as a servant settled them in a tent for the night, “who are you lad?”
The boy grinned impishly, “I tell you truly sir, I do not know, but perhaps tomorrow I shall prove something of the matter.”
Baye chuckled, “you are not lacking in heart, that is for certain sure.”  He shook his head sadly, “but it will be a pity to sacrifice so young and bold a life for naught.”
The boy frowned, “can I walk away and abandon these folk to their fate for fear of my own life when I was destined to best this fiend?”
Baye could not help but smile, rueful though it was, “you have more heart than any ten men lad.  Forgive my fears, I just hate to see a life squandered thus, but you remind me that a life given in love is never wasted, no matter the immediate outcome.  Very well, I shall accompany you to the edge of the bridge tomorrow as witness and second, though the fiend will not let me go further.  May the Master ride with us all!”
The boy frowned at this last, as if not quite understanding, but he put the matter aside and rather addressed the pressing matter of the refreshments laid out before them.  Baye was about to speak further on the subject, hopeful at least that the boy might meet his end fully assured of his future, but something stayed his tongue.  Instead, he watched the boy eat with grim amusement, for he ate as unconcernedly as if his own doom did not await him on the morrow!  Then the boy settled in and slept as soundly as a child in his own bed, completely at peace with all the world.  Baye could only shake his head again in wonder.

The morning dawned bright and cool, dew begemming every leaf, stick, and stalk.  Baye felt if one must die, this would be a day to go about it.  He helped the boy ready himself for his coming confrontation, not that there was much to prepare.  He ate a light breakfast and washed his face, but refused any sort of armor or weapon save his plain sword in its simple sheath.  Thus prepared, he and Baye set off for the bridge, the King and his companions waiting with bated breath just outside the camp, knowing their doom must surely be at hand yet somehow finding hope in this least of all men.  The villain stood on the bridge, twice as wide and half again as tall as his miniscule opponent, his wicked sword drawing in the sun’s bright rays rather than reflecting them.  
The boy could not see the villain’s face but he felt his mocking smile, “this then is your champion, oh King?” laughed the fiend.  “You are more desperate than I thought!” chortled he but fury was strong in his voice as he continued, “This is even more an insult than offering that other fool as kindling for my axe!  But I will face him even so, then my hordes shall ravish your fair country and my sword will be sated with your blood.”
“Enough boasting fiend,” said the boy without tremor or fear, “stand your ground or turn tail and run, I care not, but enough of your vain insults!  Let us see who is the victor this day.”  He drew his sword, which glinted bravely in the sun, but seemed a toy beside his foe’s fell blade.
“Very well, little fool,” said the dark knight, “I cannot say that you are lacking in boldness, however little it will avail you.”  He swung his great sword and was quite astonished, as were Baye and the King and all his men, that the boy and his trifling blade were not split like kindling by the awful stroke, but the unremarkable sword, flaring forth with a light that Baye knew to be the Master’s own, caught and held that fell blade as easily as if it were naught but a wooden practice sword.
In fury, the brute struck again and again, but ever did the boy effortlessly parry with his peculiar sword until at last he saw an opening and thrust at his towering foe, who screamed in agony and despair as that uncanny blade burned within his own flesh.  The boy withdrew his sword and jumped aside as the fiend toppled like a great tree, never to move more.  The King and his men shouted in joy and fury, charging over the bridge in pursuit of the terrified villains lurking in the ruins, leaving the boy and Baye temporarily alone with the fallen villain.  The boy grinned broadly in triumph, studying his sword with mystified eyes, a possessiveness and a wonder growing therein by the moment.
Said Baye quietly, “that is quite a sword, lad.  Where did you come by it?”
The boy jumped in surprise at this unanticipated voice that interrupted his musings, but he looked at the man with a frown, “I know as little of this blade as I do of myself.”  He glanced after the fled King and his men, “I could become King in his stead, take what the brute had intended.”  He hefted his sword, “have I not the power?”
Baye nodded grimly, “aye lad, you have the power but have you the right?”  He glanced significantly at the fallen giant, “would you be any different than him?”
“No,” said the boy quietly, “but think what else I could do with this blade!  The world lies open before me.”
Baye nodded, “will you control the sword or will it control you?”
The sword clattered to the ground suddenly, as if the boy had suddenly realized he had been holding a viper rather than the most wondrous treasure in the world.  He glanced at Baye with haunted eyes, “even so sir, what is to keep me from becoming like the man I just bested?  Such a blade cannot long be in the keeping of a mortal man without it corrupting him utterly!”
“Well spoken,” came a new and terrifying Voice, as Baye suddenly dropped to his knees, head bowed.
The boy stared in wonder upon a unicorn so wondrous He put His mortal image to shame, “will you follow Me?”
The boy glanced longingly at the sword, but forced his gaze back to the wondrous Unicorn, “yes,” said he, the reply almost a question, but he forced himself to take one step and then another towards the creature, Who then turned and led the way off the bridge and up a winding trail that led away from the main road and the camp, ending atop a towering hill with a spectacular view of the surrounding countryside, said He, gazing out over the land, “this could all be yours.”
“No,” said the boy sadly, “it is not rightfully mine.  I have no inheritance, not even a name.”
Chuckled the wondrous creature, “oh child, you have a name and I have always known it, even before you were.  And your inheritance is great indeed, for you have chosen that which can never be taken from you: Me.  Kneel.”
The boy was on his knees in a moment, and like a King with his sword, the Unicorn touched first one and then the other of the boy’s shoulders with His great horn, saying, “I name thee Swordkeeper and Guardian of the Blade.”
The boy looked up in astonishment and wonder into those fathomless eyes, knowing he could gaze thus forever and be perfectly content and happy to lose himself therein, but such was not yet to be, for suddenly He unveiled His glory and the boy felt himself utterly unmade.

Baye had followed at a distance and watched in wonder as the Master spoke with the nameless boy and then marveled as He unveiled Himself fully, obliterating all who looked upon Him.  Baye felt himself a puddle engulfed by an encroaching wave as he blissfully disappeared into that brilliant storm.  Blinking dazedly back to conscious awareness of himself and realizing he was still in the mortal world, he drew a concealing cloak of obscurity about himself and sat up, only to stand suddenly and rush to the top of the hill, where something or someone blazed forth like a beacon fire.  He found an amorphous blob of light sitting where once the boy had knelt and quickly sent a pulse of light into the mass, which then congealed itself into a familiar personage.  Baye sent another pulse of light into the unmoving form and Cieren blinked awake, once more in full possession of his wits.
He smiled sheepishly up at Baye, who laughed warmly, “welcome back lad!”
Cieren shook his head, as if to clear it, “that was certainly odd.”
Baye frowned, “you’d best start at the beginning.”  The boy nodded dully as Baye offered him a hand up, telling the full tale as they descended the hill.  Baye snorted as they reached the bridge and the boy finished his tale, said he, “it sounds as if you were not quite finished with your journey?”
A magpie sitting on the balustrade of the bridge cocked His head and chirruped, “precisely, but even in his ignorance, the boy chose Me over earthly gain.  I have restored him to form and function and have made him Keeper of the Sword.  Mortal men shall yet bear the wondrous blade, but only under his guidance and he may destroy it when he will, and nevermore shall its like be seen.”
Cieren asked in wonder, “why did You make it in the first place and then allow that crazed woman to carry it?”
He shook His head, “some things are not for you to know, lad, but know that all who chance to carry it have the potential to work either great good or terrible evil, to save their souls or lose them utterly, and as in all matters pertaining to mortal men, I will not trespass upon their choices, no matter how ill.  Now watch over the sword and its keeper; you will know what must be done.”
They both bowed deeply as the little bird flitted off before exchanging a wondering look.  Cieren frowned and held up his hand, his Mark again visible thereupon and a smile growing on his face as the hand began to glow.  “Welcome back, lad,” said Baye with a hearty smile, “welcome back, indeed.”  He frowned as he studied the bridge, “did you not drop the blade somewhere hereabouts?”
Cieren nodded, “that I did, but it seems someone has picked it up and claimed it as their own.”
Baye smiled eagerly and held up a glowing hand, “well Blademaster, shall I send you about your business?”
Cieren nodded, “I would be most appreciative, sir.”  He vanished in a flash of light in pursuit of the pilfered sword and its unwitting bearer.  Baye returned to the King’s camp to see what had come of the Routing of the Bandits, as the final battle came to be known.  All had been agreeably settled, save the burial of the dead and to wonder at what had come of the day’s hero.  Baye frowned in dismay, for the villain’s sword had also vanished.


4

Bren was the least of the pages attached to the least of the King’s lords who had gathered to await their doom or their salvation at the foot of the ancient bridge spanning the Gap.  He thought it quite heroic to die in such a manner, though the bards were unlikely ever to know his name, but still, they must eventually sing of him as one of the unnamed lost among that mighty throng.  When a boy no older than himself boldly approached the King and said he would face the villain, a shudder had run down his spine, for here was a hero indeed.  A lover of old tales, he had full faith in this unlikely savior, perhaps alone of all his fellows.  When the lad drew forth his own enchanted sword, the boy was delighted at both their salvation and at his own foresight, thus it was when the fiend was vanquished and the King’s men rushed upon his villainous horde, Bren kept to the back of the pack, his attention fixed solely upon the mysterious boy.
He saw the wonder and growing avarice in the boy’s eyes, as if he did not know of the treasure that was scabbarded upon his hip until that very moment, but then he exchanged words with the man at his side, the one who offered to face the giant but who was refused, and the boy inexplicably flung the weapon aside.  Lagging behind the others and falling out of formation, Bren hid behind the bridge’s stone railing and watched.  He saw a brilliant light shimmering up the hill adjacent to the bridge, like sunshine reflected in a still pond, towards which the boy walked, as if forcing himself; the man followed silently after, but kept his distance.  Once the strange procession had passed, Bren crept from his hiding place and took up the wondrous sword.  Smiling keenly, he slid it into his own empty sheath and hied himself away from that place as fast as he could run.
He knew the rudiments of the sword, but he knew far more of grooming horses, shining boots, and the rules of chivalry, but with this weapon, who needed to know technique?  He ran as far as he could in what remained of the day, then collapsed beside a noisy brook to refresh himself and catch his breath.  He thought to draw forth his blade and examine it then and there, but his more sensible side reminded him that there was not enough light to see by and if the blade decided to glow there and then, it might attract nefarious personages as a flame draws moths.  So he curled up in the deep grass and let the beck sing him to sleep.
Stiff and sore from his creative sleeping accommodations, he yawned widely and tried to stretch the kinks out of his muscles.  He shivered through his morning ablutions and then set out at a fast walk, hoping to put more distance between himself and any would be pursuers.  With a snort, he wondered if anyone had even noticed that he was even gone, probably only the poor sap who would now have to assume his inglorious chores.  At midday he stopped again to rest, wondering where he was going and how he was to sustain himself until he got there, but at least he had his sword.  He frowned, no matter how wondrous, the weapon in itself could not procure him food or money to buy it with, unless he turned to banditry.  He frowned, he was certainly desperate but his straits were not yet that dire.  Perhaps he could hire himself out as a hero or something?
Yes!  A rent-a-minion.  He frowned, liking the sound of hero far better but as he suddenly recalled, heroes didn’t ever seem to make or need a lot of money; they were somehow able to subsist on good deeds alone.  There was nothing for it but to hire himself out to the highest bidder as a myrmidon.  He finally drew the uncanny weapon and studied it, but it appeared no different than any other blade he had ever encountered, certainly it was far less ornate than the blades favored by the high lords and the great knights, but he had seen it in action; he knew what it could do.  His frown deepened, what if it only responded to its former master or you needed to know the proper phrase to trigger its magical properties?  No, its former keeper had not seemed to know anything about it yet had successfully vanquished the brute.  He would do likewise.  A pity there was not another such villain in the world.  With a sigh, he lurched to his feet, sheathed his plunder, and continued on his way, wherever it was he was headed.

Cieren sat on a bench before the old inn, watching the road intently, but nothing passed but the occasional farmer with his cart or a flock of sheep on its way to another pasture.  Yawning, he settled back against the wall and crossed his arms, wondering if he would accidentally fall asleep and miss whomever it was he was waiting for.  Another farmer’s wagon creaked by, its axles in dire need of grease, assuring at least that he did not fall asleep at that particular moment.  As the wagon rumbled off, Cieren noticed a rather dismayed boy standing in its wake, looking about disconsolately.  He smiled in spite of himself, remembering himself not two days gone, set on an adventure yet not even knowing his name; this boy looked almost as helpless.  Thrusting his hand into his pocket, he was happy to find an assortment of coins therein; at least he could feed the boy.
He stood, the sudden movement drawing the frantic boy’s attention.  His eyes narrowed and his hand went instinctively for the sword at his hip, eliciting an amused smile from Cieren, a hero indeed!  “Easy lad,” said he, though he knew he looked little older than the young man before him, “you look lost and not a little hungry, perhaps I could assist you with both predicaments?”
The boy studied this would be benefactor keenly but then nodded, desperate enough to take handouts from just about anyone who wasn’t immediately threatening him with a weapon.  They went into the inn and Cieren procured a bit of bread and cheese for the lad, all the landlord had available at that particular hour of the afternoon.  As the boy hungrily devoured his fare, Cieren asked conversationally, “so what are you up to lad?  Whither are you bound and upon what great errand?  You have the look of a lad who has left kith and kin behind to go adventuring.”
The boy grinned broadly, “just like in the stories sir.”
Cieren shook his head with a rueful grin, “life is a bit stranger than even the tales tell.”
“That it may be sir,” said the boy, “but I have no doubt fallen into a legend all my own.”  He glanced about quickly, to make sure none were about to overhear, “I found a magic sword.”
“Magic sword, eh?” said Cieren, trying not to grin at how utterly ridiculous that sounded even though he knew the truth of the matter.
“Yes,” said the boy eagerly, “and I plan to use it to make my fortune.”
“Really?” said Cieren, “And what are your intentions?  To become a mercenary, a bandit, a merchant’s guard?”
The boy frowned over his mouthful of cheese, took a gulp of water to wash it down, and said, “not a bandit, but something honest where I can make a living with my blade.”
“And have you the skill to keep it?” asked Cieren quietly.
The boy’s frown deepened, “who needs skill with such a blade?”
Cieren shook his head, “the most wondrous weapon in the world will little avail you without the skill to wield it.  What is to stop the first villain you meet upon the way from taking it from your dead hands?”
“I know a little bit,” said the boy defensively.
“Of course,” said Cieren calmly, “but not enough.”  The boy began to truly sulk and Cieren continued, “but I know where you can acquire such skill.”
The boy brightened, “why did you not say so at the first?”
“Because he was afraid to bore you,” sneered a scruffy looking man with a jagged scar marring one side of his face, “he’s one of them snooze inducing Brethren unless I miss my guess.”  The boy’s eyebrows rose but Cieren only smiled in grim amusement.  Continued their learned companion, “why don’t you take up with a real swordsman, like me?”
“I’d rather spend the rest of my life mucking stalls,” said the boy sternly to the ruffian.
“Give me that there legendary blade and maybe you’ll live to do just that then,” scowled the fellow.
Cieren was on his feet, hand on his sword hilt, “enough, sir.  I recommend you leave quietly and I need do nothing you’ll regret.  Leave the boy, and his possessions, alone or you will rue the day you ever threatened him.”
“Let’s see how tough you is, Brother,” spat he, turning the last into a slur as he drew his own sword.  Bren reached for his own blade but Cieren gave him a warning look not to be foolish.  The boy sighed and his hands dropped from his weapon.
Cieren caught the landlord’s anxious look and said to his infuriated companion, “let us take this little spat out of doors, sir.  I would not like to discomfit our merry host.”
“It’s of no matter to me,” snarled the man, but he shrugged and led the way out of the inn and took up a position on a greensward upon the far side of the road.
“You do know I will likely kill you?” said Cieren in warning.
“How do you know I won’t do the same to you?” mocked the man, “I’ll take my chances.  Now quit stalling!”  The man lunged at his opponent as he spoke the last and the deadly dance began, or at least Cieren’s part looked a dance while the thug looked more like a man chopping wood.  What he lacked in finesse he made up for in sheer bulk, ferocity, and stubbornness.  Soon the man was huffing and panting, having worn himself out lunging at his foe, who merely stepped aside or parried the incoming thrusts with an ease that only further infuriated the man.
“Have you had enough?” said Cieren, not even breathing hard, “You may limp off now and none would call you a fool nor a coward.”
“I’d call myself a coward,” snarled he and lunged in again, “it is either you or me, you sissy.”  
Cieren’s blade easily pierced his heart and the man fell prostrate without so much as a whimper.  Cieren shook his head gravely, “I hated to do it, but he gave me no choice.  He would not have left us alone had I not ended it permanently.”  The boy’s eyes were wide, for he had never seen a man die before, especially for his sake.  Said Cieren quietly, “I would not speak of your uncanny blade again where just anyone can hear.  Even whispers of such a treasure are apt to drive men to desperate measures, as our unfortunate friend here has only too tragically proved.”  The boy nodded grimly as Cieren continued, “let us see to his burial and then perhaps we should be moving on.”  He glanced significantly at the various folk that had stopped to watch the duel.  They flinched away when the killer’s gaze fell upon them and hastened about their interrupted errands.
The innkeeper stood in the doorway and said, “that fellow has been nothing but trouble in these parts since he was a wee thing.  I’ll see to his remains, but you had best be on your way.  He wasn’t exactly well liked by most folks hereabouts but he had his friends, men as dissolute and dangerous as himself.  I’ll tell the magistrate what happened so you needn’t worry about the law, but I can’t speak for those that don’t regularly abide by it.”  He tossed Cieren a satchel, heavy with supplies, “that should tide you over until you reach the next inn upon the way.  Fare you well!”  Cieren bowed his thanks, and taking the dazed boy by the shoulders, directed him down the road.

The innkeeper had been correct, no sooner had Cieren and Bren settled themselves in a little dell for the night than the sound of galloping hooves sounded upon the road; three men rode past in desperate pursuit of revenge.  Bren shook his head in dismay, “they are after us, aren’t they?”
Cieren nodded, “most likely, but if we lie low for a few days, I think we’ll eventually lose them or they’ll hopefully lose interest.”
Bren shook his head, “no, they’ll continue to hunt me and my sword until they are the possessors thereof.  Alas that I was fool enough to speak of it aloud!”  He sighed heavily, “I am beginning to wonder if I should ever have picked it up.”
“How did you come by it?” asked Cieren blandly.
The boy glanced at his feet then anxiously met his companion’s eyes, “I stole it.  Its original owner threw it aside and vanished into the hills and I took my chance.  Perhaps I should throw it aside as well?”
Cieren smiled sadly, “at least you are honest enough to admit the less than scrupulous means by which it came to you.  Had I not known the original possessor, I would say you should try and return it at all costs, but he is well rid of the weapon and only hopes it has fallen into the hands of an honorable man who will use it for the benefit of others, rather than for his own destruction.”
The boy’s eyes were wide, “you knew the boy who slew the dark knight upon the bridge?”
Cieren grinned wryly, “almost as well as I know myself.  So keep the sword and use it as you think best.  Do you want to go to Astoria and learn what you can of the sword and many other things besides?”
The boy’s eyes were wide, “could I learn to wield it as well as you?”
Cieren chuckled, “certainly, if you have the talent and dedication necessary that is.”
The boy nodded eagerly, “then take me there with all haste, sir.”
“Very well,” said Cieren with a nod, “but tonight you should get some rest, for it has been a long and wearying day.”  The boy nodded but didn’t think he could sleep with all the exciting thoughts and anxieties roiling in his mind, but he had underestimated his own exhaustion and was soon asleep.  As soon as Cieren was sure the lad was soundly sleeping, he vanished from sight and ghosted from their hiding place and out into the moon-flooded road.  His hand began to glow, though still unseen, and a unicorn suddenly stood there as if it were the most natural thing in the world.  The boy grinned, having succeeded in a skill he had never before possessed or exercised.  They were some minutes in greeting one another and then he climbed aback the wondrous creature and set off after their pursuers, visible once more.
He met them walking their frothed horses back the way they had come, the creatures occasionally stumbling in weariness as their riders snarled under their breath about the escaped villains, determined to have their revenge, if not that storied sword; they were not overly attached to their late companion but it was a good excuse to see if the rumors about the blade were true.  The horses fought their riders upon glimpsing the unveiled terror of a unicorn, but the beasts were so weary from the mad ride that they soon gave up entirely and just hung their heads and quivered in anticipation of imminent doom.
Cieren caught each man’s gaze with his hawk-like stare and each man knew fear, said he in a quiet but dangerous voice, “leave off this foolish hunt and you need not be harmed.  Continue to your own destruction.”
The unicorn turned and walked slowly back the way they had come, an ominous hum of dread slowly lifting as he vanished around a bend in the road.  Cieren silently counted down and was not surprised to hear pounding hooves behind him.  He turned, sword in hand, and the unicorn reared, his light flaring forth like the dawning.  This was too much for the overwrought horses, which finally reared in protest and fled, dumping their terrified riders upon the road.  The men however, were not so easily cowed nor so wise as their horses, for each drew his sword, determined to overcome this overly pious menace or die trying.
Cieren shook his head at their foolishness and dismounted, pitying the poor fools even in their arrogance.  Said he as the three surrounded him, “do not be foolish!  Abandon this nonsense before it kills you!”  He groaned as a sword scored his flank from behind; he wasted no more time upon idle warnings and immediately began to defend himself.  He felt the unicorn’s disgusted snort at his foolishness in facing three armed foes alone, but he knew they stood little chance against him mounted upon a unicorn, who was as fierce a warrior in his own right as ever his rider was.  He felt the creature’s smile of approval at the truth thereof before someone thrust him through the chest; he gasped in agony but remained on his feet and continued to fight, dropping the last of his assailants before crumpling beside them.
A lone rider came upon the tragic scene, stark in the moonlight.  He dismounted and approached the carnage, trying to discern what had happened.  Three of the men were rather roughly clad and looked both ill-kept and ill-tempered; the fourth was as plainly garbed as any man in the wide world, but a silver unicorn reared upon one hand, causing the stranger to shake his head, a wry smile on his face.  His hand began to glow and Cieren was suddenly blinking awake and smiling sheepishly up into the face of Kent.  “Welcome back,” said the former Warrior, who smiled at the three ruffians and added, “I see your mentor’s rash ways have been passed faithfully on to you.”
Cieren shrugged as he gained his feet but frowned at his unicorn, as the creature whinnied in approbation of the remark.  Said he, “just a few overzealous villains who didn’t know when to back down.”
Kent nodded, but a crease marred his brow, “they wouldn’t happen to be in pursuit of a boy possessed of a so-called magical sword would they?”
“Perhaps,” said Cieren with a wry grin, “the tale must be spreading like wildfire if you have heard it already.”
“That it is,” said Kent grimly, “these will not be the last villains willing to sell their lives for a chance to possess such a thing, if it truly exists?”
Cieren said quietly, “oh, it exists and I am its Keeper, or rather the one who must ward the mortal who carries it.”  Kent’s eyebrows rose as Cieren went on to tell the full tale.
He smiled wryly, “it seems rashness is not the only trait Jace has bequeathed you.  Your first mission is as strange as any of his!”  He frowned, “I do not think it wise for the boy to be found by any on the hunt for this storied blade, rather let us outrun rumor.”
Cieren nodded eagerly, “that would greatly avail us, my friend.”
Kent snorted, “rather I was more concerned about how many would find themselves in like circumstances to our silent companions there before you had safely extracted the boy from the situation.  Let these fiends be the last.”
They crept back into the dell where Bren slept unwittingly on, Cieren sending him elsewhere with a slightly glowing hand.  He then mounted his unicorn, gave Kent a rakish grin, and then they too vanished likewise, leaving Kent to see to the would-be bandits.


5

The boy slept on unawares, not even waking when he was transported halfway across the world in a moment, now sleeping blissfully in the underbrush in the woods an easy ride from Astoria.  Cieren wondered if the lad knew enough of geography to wonder at his sudden advent in Astoria, but then this was a fairy tale, so anything was possible; he already possessed a magical sword after all.  With a wide yawn, Cieren settled down nearby for a much-needed nap while the unicorn silently warded the sleepers.
The obnoxious singing of birds roused the sleepers, stiff and wet with dew, each wondering what lovers and poets found so enchanting about the irksome creatures, at least at that obscene hour of the morning.  Once they had worked the kinks out of their muscles and yawned laboriously back to consciousness, they too began to appreciate the fascination that mysterious hour of the day held for those possessed of a childlike heart.  Cieren said as the unicorn wandered out of the veiling woods, “how about we ride the rest of the way?”
The boy nodded eagerly, no longer surprised at anything as his personal fairy tale unfolded.  Magical swords, riding a unicorn, all in a day’s work for a hero!

And what would a fairy tale be like without a villain?  No sooner had our aspiring hero ridden off with his not so aged guide than a hooded figure rose from his crouch in the underbrush, staring after the departed apparitions in consternation.  He was on his way to Astoria himself, but had been walking for almost a month and sleeping in the shrubbery besides.  Who were these fellows to miraculously appear out of thin air and then go galloping off aback a unicorn the very next morning?  It was quite unfair!  But no benevolent fairy appeared to grant his dearest wish or conjure a coach and four out of thin air, so he put one foot in front of the other and repeated the process until his own weary legs had borne him at last to his destination, but he was ill-at-ease rather than joyous upon his arrival, for he felt that all chance of happiness had evaporated the moment he laid eyes upon the uncanny disturbers of his rest.  He could not be happy until he knew why others were more blessed than he and had done something to rectify the situation.  With this grim resolution now all his hope and stay, he followed the servant to his room, plotting all the way.

Earlier that day, Cieren had returned to Astoria, feeling as if he had come home at last.  Bren should have been allowed to pass freely through the castle gates, being in the company of one of the Brethren as he was, but he carried a sword.  He looked questioningly to his companion as one of the guards asked for the weapon.  Cieren nodded grimly, “you cannot enter the keep unless you disarm yourself.  The weapon will await you here and you may retrieve it whenever you wish, as long as you are departing the castle that is.”  The boy sighed heavily and reached for his sword; only then did Cieren, Swordwarden that he was, remember that the blade did not allow just anyone to handle it.  Cieren smiled grimly, but who was the Master of the Sword?  He concentrated, felt the blade’s innate power starting to stir as the boy touched it, but he bid it lay quiet.  When the boy pulled it forth, it was just another sword, and he handed it reluctantly to the waiting Warrior.  Cieren nodded to himself, quite pleased.  
He smiled warmly at the boy, “welcome to Astoria, lad!”  Then in a whisper, he added, “I would not mention the uncanny nature of your weapon; it caused us enough strife at that little inn!  Imagine what it would do here?”
The boy shivered, “I think you have the right of it.”  But he brightened as Jared offered to show him to his quarters, glancing about eagerly, “this is going to be a real adventure, isn’t it?”
Cieren grinned, “I believe it already is.  Off with you lad!”  The boy raised a hand in farewell and vanished around a turning in the servant’s wake.  Cieren went to find Hawk.
Jared joined them once the boy was settled, said he eagerly, “tell us all the tale; I can tell you are near to bursting with excitement and I can’t have my minions exploding for so silly a reason.”  Cieren smiled as Jared’s eyes widened with the telling, happy he could still discomfit the rather unflappable captain.  As the boy finished his tale, Jared said with a shake of his head, “that is one thing I had hoped you would not inherit from your former mentor, well two things actually: these insane adventures and your joy in confounding me with the tale.”  Cieren blushed, Jared smiled in a pleased manner and continued, “it is good to have you back lad, but I cannot say I am happy to see that sword again.”
Cieren nodded, “it is no longer an untamed beast, sir.  I have some ability to control when its power is loosed and to what degree; I also have the ability to unmake it once and for all.”
“That’s a relief,” said the captain, “why not just exercise that right immediately and save us all from any potential disasters ere they occur?”
Cieren shook his head, “I believe there is much that yet must be done with the blade, whether for good or ill I cannot say, but it is not yet time to destroy the thing.”
Jared eyed the mysteriously grinning Hawk with raised eyebrows, “you have something to add Swordmaster?”
Hawk’s grin widened, “yes, sir.  I would like to apply for the post of Nomenclature Officer.”
Jared frowned, “what?”
Hawk laughed, “why sir!  Can you not see that we are in the midst of a dilemma?  For there could be nearly two hundred different names by which we can call our esteemed Blade Steward here and each must be carefully recorded, organized, and a decision must be made as to their proper usage, pronunciation, and the like.  What is the appropriate title in a formal setting or what should be used when speaking of him in the past tense?”
Jared sighed, “I could almost swear you had apprenticed with Jace as well!”  His smile became wicked, “very well, Nomenclaturist, I want a complete list by the end of the week and a fully compiled and cross referenced catalog within a month.”  Hawk looked rather taken aback.
Cieren laughed, “sir, I fear Jace is corrupting us all!”
Jared said with a slight smile, “perhaps, Weapon Warder, perhaps.”
Cieren rolled his eyes, “I fear I might have to destroy the weapon sooner rather than later, simply to save myself from your pathetic attempts at establishing a proper title!”
Hawk said stonily, “remember who was the original Swordmaster!”  He laughed, “this is merely revenge for trying to usurp my title.”
“Of course,” said Cieren blandly, but none of them managed to keep a straight face long thereafter.

Keir found the room empty, but it was obvious he had at least one roommate.  He smiled grimly, wondering if it was his newly declared foe, if so, all the better.  He could study his nemesis at close range with him none the wiser, until it was too late.  This would be an intriguing affair after all!  He had come to Astoria in hopes of finding something useful to do with his life, the youngest of seven children from a rather poverty stricken family; he vowed that he would make a better life for himself and never be found in such dire straits again.  He was quite pleased that a completely different quest lay before him, especially since he would not be going to bed hungry whilst he resided in Astoria, which pretty much nullified his original goal.  He would attend classes and fulfill the requirements of his hosts, but he was determined to fully solve this mystery, for he felt it was even deeper than it at first appeared, and he was drawn to it with a fascination he could hardly describe; it would be his primary focus during his residence there.
Bren returned from his last class shortly thereafter and eagerly introduced himself to his new roommate, asking if he would like to accompany him to supper, to which the boy heartily agreed, being both hungry and curious about his primary suspect.  As they hastened off to the dining hall, Bren said in growing excitement, “it is really the most intriguing thing!  I just learned that last night I was on the far side of the continent and awoke this morning to find myself quite close to Astoria.  I’ve certainly fallen into a fairy tale!  Giants with enchanted swords, riding a unicorn, mysterious appearances and disappearances, and my own magic sword...”  He blanched as he realized what he had said.
Keir eyed him curiously, magic swords?  Giants?  An eager smile grew on his face, this boy was fascinating indeed!  He frowned, but why did he get to lead such an intriguing life while Keir was doomed to ignominy?  It was not fair!
Bren watched the emotions rage over his companion’s face and said quietly, “you won’t tell anyone will you?  I’ll tell you the whole story but you need to keep it to yourself.”
“Very well,” said Keir, “I will not be able to rest until I have heard the tale.”  He sighed heavily but kept the thought to himself: he wouldn’t be able to rest for envy after the telling either.  He smiled in grim anticipation, but then who was to say he couldn’t find a way to avail himself of the boy’s strange luck?  Then he could be the hero and the boy would no longer be the only one with a wondrous tale to tell.  Thus mollified, they entered the dining hall and Bren told his tale as they ate, careful that none overheard the intriguing story.
Alone in their quarters, neither feeling very social that evening, Keir asked about the sword.  Bren frowned, “I really don’t know that much about it.  I’ve never wielded it myself and only saw someone else do so from a distance; he was a mere boy yet defeated a man thrice his size wielding a blade black as death.  It was quite the spectacle.”
“I am sure it was,” said Keir eagerly, “perhaps on our Free Day we could take the weapon out into the countryside and see what it can actually do?”
Bren frowned, “I am not sure that is such a good idea, at least until I have learned how to properly handle a normal sword.”
Keir was annoyed at the delay, but the reply made a great deal of sense, especially since he knew nothing of swords at all.  Said he, “that is a good idea.  We’ll give it a try once we actually know what we are doing.”  He smiled ruefully, “no sense looking like idiots while pretending to be heroes.”  Bren shared in his mirth and Keir felt a slight pang in his heart, wondering if he could actually go through with what he intended, for he was beginning to like the boy, strange as that seemed.
Despite his determination to do otherwise, Keir actually found himself enjoying his time in Astoria not spent furthering his assumed quest.  He found the lessons intriguing, made friends amongst the other Students, and actually began to focus on things other than his initial envy; Bren soon became his dearest friend and confidant, the pair was inseparable.  The only cloud marring their ever-brightening horizons was a certain magic sword.  Keir still felt slightly jealous that his friend should have all the uncanny adventures while he was resigned to a life of tedium and normality, but for their friendship’s sake, he felt he had put most of his envy and discontentedness behind him.
There came a day that autumn when Bren was kept abed with a severe cough and fever, leaving Keir to wander alone on their Free Day.  They were both progressing well in their study of the sword, but had yet to take out the fateful blade, for neither had the heart to risk what might come of it, somehow knowing that only disaster could be the result.  Ill-at-ease within the confines of the keep and unable to simply relax with a book in the library, Keir took a horse from the stables and rode out to the ruins just outside the city though the day was cold and overcast; the weather seemed a perfect echo of his troubled thoughts that day.  He just could not get the thought of that sword out of his head.  With a sigh, he rode towards the river and the ruins nearby.
His horse snorted and tossed his head in unease as the boy drew rein, sensing something out of place.  The boy felt it too, even if he could put no name to the sensation, save perhaps a heaviness of heart or an overwhelming sense of dismay.  With a sigh, he nearly turned around then and there, but his stubborn streak asserted itself, refusing to be driven off by imagined bogeys in the woods on a gloomy day.  He tied up the horse and approached the ruins, wondering why they held such a fascination for him this particular day.  He had visited them a time or two in his wanderings with Bren and found them interesting, but today they seemed to call to his very soul.  There was something here he wanted, or at least thought he did.
He entered the courtyard to find a sword, black as death, lying naked upon a toppled stone.  His heart leapt within him, though in joy or terror, he could not say.  A great raven, perched atop the crumbling battlements, croaked, “it is yours boy, if you want it?”
The boy frowned, “why would I not want it?”
The bird cackled, “some cannot handle the power that comes with it.”
“Power?” asked the boy, “Why would anyone decline that?”
“The world shall be at your mercy,” grated the Fiend, “but you will lose all that you once considered important: your friends, your home, your soul.”
The boy shivered, his eyes drawn back to the awful blade, “it seems a steep price to pay to possess such a weapon.”  His eyes narrowed, “I have a friend with such a weapon yet he has not forfeited what it seems I must, why?”
The bird laughed mockingly, “he has no such weapon.  His ‘magic’ sword is little more than a toothpick that glows in the dark!  Armies will crumble before the man who wields this blade yet your friend is afraid to even take his out of the closet.  Are you such a coward?”  Keir frowned at this insult but the Fiend had not yet finished, “will you turn your back on your destiny?  Run from your own grand tale?  Die with none the wiser that you had ever lived?”
“How did you know?” gasped the boy.
Squawked the bird in disgust, “well do I know the hearts of men, far better than they know themselves.  Now will you embrace your destiny?”
The boy frowned, “but I will not be allowed back into the castle with such a weapon.”
“You fool!” grated the stygian fowl, “of course I know that, you will hide the weapon here until it is time to use it.”
“My friend?” gasped the boy in dismay.
“Nay, nay,” scolded the carrion eater, “in the annals of history, his name does not even signify mentioning, rather there is one variously known as the Swordkeeper, Blademaster, or ten score other equally ridiculous pseudonyms that must be dealt with.  He is the true master of that pitiable little sword.  I will lure him to this place and you will use my fell sword upon him.”
“If this sword is all you claim it to be,” said the boy quizzically, “why did the former wielder not readily face the man that originally answered his challenge yet fell to a mere boy?”
The raven squawked in outrage, “you dare question me?”
The boy smiled grimly, “aye, it is my soul after all!”
“Nay,” laughed the Fiend harshly, “it belongs to me and always will.  You are but a worm and nothing more.  I should not have mentioned it, for you are not even possessed of such a wretched thing.  Well?”
The boy frowned, “you have not answered my questions, only avoided them and I do not doubt you have lied to me as well.”
“I am the Liar, after all,” scorned the bird, “what can I do but live up to my name?”  He glanced significantly at the sword, “I do not need you but you certainly need me.  I can easily find another bearer, though I thought you might be interested, but it seems I was mistaken.”
The boy looked again at the sword and licked his lips, “perhaps I spoke too hastily.   Can I have some time to think the matter through?”
“You can have all the time you want, fool,” mocked the raven, “but whether my offer still stands when you finally make up your addlepated mind is another matter entirely.  Return to the ruins here if ever you come to a decision.”  With a scornful laugh he winged off into the gathering dusk.
Keir turned to look again upon the sword but it had vanished.  With a heavy heart and conflicted mind, he mounted his horse and rode back to the keep.  At least he wouldn’t have to kill his friend.  Part of him wanted to fall out of his saddle in grim laughter, for of course Bren would die, as would a whole host of others if he laid his hand to that accursed hilt.  He could have the power, renown, and adventures he so desperately wanted, but could it possibly be worth the price to himself and others?  Upon his return, as he was putting his horse away, he recognized the man who had appeared with Bren so suddenly in the wilds of Astoria’s north border; Bren still had no explanation for it, but happily accepted it as just another part of his fey tale, but Keir was still curious.  He settled his gelding and then quietly followed the man to a quiet corner of the courtyard, hiding himself in the lengthening shadows.

Cieren glanced about to make sure he was unobserved and then smiled warmly at Baye’s approach, asked he curiously as the elder Shadow joined him, “is something the matter?  Are things still amiss after the ‘battle?’”
Baye shook his head, “nay, the King and his men routed the brigands easily enough but the villain’s sword vanished inexplicably.”
Cieren shuddered, “that is far from good news, my friend.  I do not like the idea of that fell blade being unaccounted for.”  He frowned, “I never did ask, why would the villain not face you when you accepted his challenge?”
Baye shook his head, “I do not know of a certain, but he could probably sense something was amiss and did not want to risk either himself or his blade, tangling with a Shadow.  I am glad to hear the other sword at least is accounted for.”  He smiled wryly, “life was far simpler when we did not have to deal with things like magic swords.”
Cieren chuckled, “speak for yourself, you did not apprentice with Jace.”
Baye smiled, “truly spoken.”  He sobered, “I’m off again, but I thought you should know about the sword.”
He raised his hand in farewell, “I appreciate it; may the Master ride with you my friend.”  They exchanged a hearty goodbye and Baye mounted his waiting unicorn, vanishing into the gloom of evening.  Cieren went to find Jared to discuss this unsettling news.
Keir emerged from his hiding place, utterly perplexed.  Who were these men?  What was a Shadow?  If they knew of the uncanny swords and the dangers they presented, why had they not either destroyed them or taken them into safekeeping?  Why was a man setting out on a journey at this time of night, especially without moon or star to lighten the path?  He shook his head in dismay, wondering at all the uncanniness that seemed to swirl around others yet never seemed to involve himself.  He smiled wryly, for had he not just spoken to a raven that very afternoon?  Perhaps his life would not be so dull after all.  He frowned, wondering if he had to take the bird up on his offer if he was to avoid a life of tedium and normality?  He shuddered, hoping it need not be so.
He returned to his room to find Bren sitting up in bed, still pale but his fever had broken.  Said Keir quietly, “we need to talk.”


6

“Another sword?!” said Bren in growing interest, coughing every now and again.
Keir nodded, “you were there.  The villain’s sword was ‘magical’ as well, or so you implied.”
The boy nodded, “that was why none dared challenge him, yet we thought it strange when he refused a challenge from the one man who accepted his offer.”  Keir told him of his spying in the courtyard and the boy shook his head, “you shouldn’t have listened in on a conversation that was obviously meant to be private, but what you heard is intriguing!  Who are these men?  What do they know of the swords?  I shall certainly have much to ask a certain Brother when next we meet.”
Keir frowned, “do you see him often?”
Bren shrugged, “he is usually off on some errand or other for the Lady, but when he is in Astoria, he stops in to see how I am getting along.”  He smiled wryly, “I think he feels some responsibility for me or something.”  Said he with a thoughtful frown, “I wonder where that dark sword is?”
Keir shivered, “I hadn’t intended to tell anyone, for I truly wish to forget it even happened and I had not quite made up my mind, but I think it is best that I reveal the matter to you, seeing as how your story seems so caught up with these strange swords.”  He told everything that had happened in the ruins, his friend’s countenance growing grave as the telling progressed.
Bren shuddered, “how dreadful!  Yet you walked away rather than taking hold of that awful hilt?  I do not think I would have had the strength of will or moral courage not to.”  He sheepishly studied his blankets, “as was the case with my own sword.”
Keir sighed heavily, “what are we to do?  Should we apprise the Lady of the matter or perhaps confide in this peculiar Brother of yours?”
Bren frowned thoughtfully, “let’s ask the Brother first, as he seems to be right in the middle of things.  I’m not sure the Lady knows aught of it.”  He shivered again, “and I am not sure I want to speak with her personally; your raven seems a tad less terrifying.”
Keir shook his head adamantly, “she is a mortal woman, this Fiend was something not native to this earth.  I would much rather deal with flesh and blood.”
Just then a knock sounded upon the door and Cieren popped his head in, “may I come in?”
Bren smiled broadly, “just the man I wanted to see.”
Cieren gave him a quizzical look as he entered fully and shut the door securely, “what afflicts you, lad?”
The boy laughed, “naught but a cold, sir.”
Cieren smiled wryly, “I mean why would you want to burden yourself with my tedious presence?”
Keir said contritely, “it has been an interesting day, sir.  I happened to overhear your conversation in the courtyard...”  He trailed off as Cieren’s eyebrows rose and a dangerous light sparkled in his eyes, suddenly he was very uncomfortable confined in the small room with this fey man.  Continued he, swallowing hard, “I intentionally followed you.  I was in the woods when you and Bren appeared out of thin air on the road to Astoria, so I knew there was something weird about you, though I still have no idea what.  The sword you are looking for, the evil blade, I know where it is, or rather was...”  He knew he was rambling in his nervousness, but the man’s suspicious ire suddenly turned to grim curiosity as the boy told the full tale.
Cieren sat heavily on the empty bed and smiled ruefully, “it seems I am at your mercy lads, you have proved yourselves quite effective at ferreting out secrets in which you have no part.”  His eyes narrowed, “but I hope you are not tempted to play the weasel?”
The pair exchanged a wide-eyed look of dismay and then met Cieren’s gaze evenly, each adamantly denying they would ever betray him.  He nodded gratefully and continued, eyeing Keir gravely, “and the Evil One is offering you the chance at true power yet you refuse him?”
Keir frowned, “would not all sensible men?”
Cieren shook his head, “nay lad, few mortal men are as sensible as you assume them to be.  Most would have taken hold of that hilt in hopes of gaining the power promised yet never pausing to consider the consequences to themselves or the world!”  A grim smile grew on his lips, “you are in dire need of an adventure and I want to rid the world of that awful sword.  Will you help me?”  Keir’s eager grin was more than answer enough; Bren frowned in consternation, cursing the illness that kept him abed and away from such shenanigans.  Cieren eyed him in amusement, “have you not had your share of adventure of late lad?  Rest easy, for I do not think it shall be your last, but it is time your friend here had a taste of what he so desperately desires.”  He smiled grimly, “let us see if it is something he truly has a stomach for hereafter.”  Keir shuddered at Cieren’s words and suddenly wondered if this was such a good idea after all.

In the dripping gloom of late afternoon, Keir rode out to the ruins after his last class of the day, wondering if he could actually go through with this.  What if he took up that sword and could not put it down?  He smiled in grim determination, at least the Guardian of the Sword would be there to see that the world did not rue this day if his own courage failed.  The sky was overcast and spit rain or sleet every now and again upon those foolish enough to be abroad on such a day, and evening was fast closing in as the days grew ever shorter with winter’s imminent approach.  It was perfect weather for the meeting Keir intended, but which he secretly hoped would never happen.  He dismounted, tied up his horse, and entered the ruin; the fell sword lying upon the stone assured that the meeting was indeed about to commence.
“You have returned,” squawked the Fiend, as if he had never left his perch.
“I will take up the sword,” said the boy in dismay.
The raven cocked his head, “where is the triumph?  The gloating?  The eagerness?  You sound as if you loathe the very idea!  I have never seen such reluctance in one about to embrace ultimate power!”
“I think the boy wise in his reluctance,” said a bold voice.
The raven crowed in triumph, “it is him!  Take up the sword boy and enact my revenge!  Slay the so-called Master of the Sword!  Begin your triumph over all those who would oppose you!”
Cieren dismounted, the unicorn shining forth in all his glory, though uneasy in the presence of the Fiend.  Said he quietly to the boy, a double meaning implicit in his words, “are you sure you can do this lad?”
The boy nodded grimly, as the bird cackled in triumphant mirth, taking up the foul blade, Keir said, “I will do as I must.”
Cieren drew his sword and slowly began to circle the boy, “very well, let us see this matter settled once and for all.”  The raven hopped up and down, back and forth along the battlements in his growing excitement, minding Cieren of a sparrow on a fence.  The boy’s skill was adequate for a beginner but he was no match for Cieren, but his awful blade well made up for his personal deficiencies, snapping the Shadow’s sword like a twig.  
The Fiend crowed in triumph as the blade pierced the Shadow through and he fell to his knees; Keir dropped the sword in horror at what he had wrought, which earned him a mocking sneer from the fiendish bird, quoth he, “so it ends Shadow!  Feel death at last!”
“Death?” said Cieren, as his being began to glow, “What is that to me?”  The sword greedily sucked in the light as fast as Cieren could emanate it in waves of ever increasing intensity.  He held out a glowing hand, “come lad!”
“He has destroyed you!” snarled the bird in dismay, “You cannot rescue him!”
Cieren smiled grimly, “little you know.”  Keir anxiously touched his extended hand and vanished in a blinding flash even as the sword began to hum and drone, as if it were finding this constant diet of light hard to digest.  “It is finished,” said Cieren with a final groan as he lost all control of himself and that deadly light was fully unleashed.  The sword sang like an abused violin before disintegrating into a deadly shadow, which the light easily swallowed.  The Fiend flew off squawking in dismay and outrage, unable to bear that awful light that stank of his Enemy’s power and unapproachable glory.  The wretched boy would pay and pay dearly for his treachery, which was only too obvious in retrospect, thought the bird sourly as he fled to plot anew.  The Shadow should have been reduced to a powerless wretch, if not cast into the Abyss, but instead he had destroyed the sword and hopefully himself, but such was never the case with the Master’s pets; it was quite unfair.

“Murder,” said the servant sternly to the agape boy in the cell, “is still murder, regardless of the circumstances that brought it about.”
Keir frowned, he had not yet said anything after his sudden appearance in this cell, probably in the dungeons of Astoria, but he wasn’t sure.  The servant had begun to lecture him the moment after he appeared.  Asked he in consternation, “who are you and what do you know of any of this?”
Jared grinned, “very good lad, you have some spunk.”  His smile turned grim, “you’re going to need it.”
“What!?” demanded the boy, “You can’t just leave me here!  What is going on?”
Jared’s smile grew mysterious, “you’ll find out soon enough, just remember, you are the one who wanted an adventure.”  With that he withdrew, leaving the boy alone in his cell, a flickering candle his only companion.
He sighed heavily and sat in the wooden chair, head in his hands.  What was happening?  Had he not done exactly as Cieren had asked?  Murder?!  The man had assured him it would be nothing near so grievous!  He was one of the Brethren, therefore he could not lie; there must be some mistake.  He thought about protesting anew, but knew no one would hear him through the heavy oak door.  He had willingly picked up the sword and run a man through the abdomen, so if people took everything at face value, things looked very grim indeed, but that servant seemed rather more amused than aggrieved, and what was a servant doing meting out justice anyway?  Should that not fall to one of the Brethren, if not the Lady?
At last he studied the small cell, frowning slightly as a curious smile grew on his face.  He doubted most inmates were allowed the luxury of such a chair nor would a meager candle be the sole light for such a grievous offender.  A pair of books sat on a shelf beside a water jug and a clay cup, as if he was just expected to kick back, relax, and read at his leisure.  He took up one of the books and his smile deepened as he read the title: Shadow!  He settled into the chair and opened the book, wondering if his own adventure had begun at long last.

Jace drew rein in the old ruin that he had once called home.  The stars peeped through the naked branches like gems in a great lady’s hair and the moon bathed all in a wan and eerie light, but that was not the only light in the silent courtyard.  He dismounted and crept further into the ruin, sensing both great evil and his Master’s power had recently been unleashed in this place.  He found an amorphous blob of unendurable light lingering in one corner and at last knew why he had been drawn to this place.  He smiled eagerly and sent a pulse of light into the formless mass, drawing Cieren back to form and waking life.  The boy smiled wryly, “I have had an adventure worthy of you!”
Jace laughed heartily, “I am sorry to hear it lad, no one deserves that but I cannot help the legacy I have bequeathed you.  Why don’t you tell me the tale as we ride back to Astoria?”
Cieren nodded as he gained his feet, his unicorn trotting out of the night in eager greeting; soon enough they were in their saddles and he was regaling Jace with a tale precisely as promised.  Smiled the former mentor, “well Swordminder...”
But he could not say more as Cieren groaned in feigned agony, “not you too!”
Jace chuckled, “me above all!  Hawk is a mere amateur.  Perhaps he can be Undersecretary to the Nomenclature Officer, but he will never make a proper Nomenclature Officer.”
Cieren shook his head, “this is as bad as that time I had all those wannabe heroes applying for the position of Secretary.”
Jace laughed outright, “nay lad, this is nothing as preposterous as that.”
Their shared mirth quieted as they entered the city, neither wishing to disturb its sleeping occupants nor to draw unwanted attention.  The gate guards nodded in greeting as they passed, but made no move to accost or question them further, used to their comrades returning at all hours of the day and night.  In Astoria, such a late hour of arrival was nothing out of the ordinary.  Jared met them as they dismounted, a sly smile on his face, “come lads, we must needs talk.”  They nodded and followed him to a quiet sitting room just inside the keep.
He looked first at Cieren, “what happened out there?  I could feel an awful release of power even here in the castle!”  Cieren quickly told the tale and the Captain nodded, “at least the matter of that evil sword is resolved,” he smiled impishly, “but you need not worry, Bladeprotector, as your primary charge is still safely secured in the guardhouse.”
Cieren rolled his eyes dramatically then asked, “what of the boy?”
Jared chuckled, “safely secured in the dungeons for murdering you.”
“What!” gaped Cieren, “You can’t do that, I told him there would be no repercussions for acting as I asked!  It was a plot entirely of my own making and he happily agreed to assist me in its implementation.”
Jared’s smile widened, “we’ll give him three days and see what comes of the matter.  If there is no more fuss or change, he can go his way with none the wiser, but I fear he may need a couple years of supervision before I can trust him loose on his own.”
Cieren gaped, “truly?”
Jared shrugged, “I’m not the one who makes these decisions, I merely implement them.  The boy has been Called and we’ll soon see what he decides to do.”  He eyed Jace with a roguish smile, “and I know just the man to supervise his rehabilitation.”
It was Jace’s turn to gape, “but I’ve had two apprentices already.”
Jared shook his head with a nefarious smile, “Kent hardly counts lad, he was already housebroken.  Actually I had hoped some of his steadiness would rub off on you, but it appears rather that he acquired an unhealthy dose of your boldness.  Try to do better with this one, though I fear he’s as reckless as you were at that age.  May the Master have mercy upon you both.”
“Who’s warding the door?” asked Cieren with a significant smile at Jace, who sheepishly tried to ignore the expression.
Jared nodded, “that’s another thing, I’d like to keep this quiet, even from the Lady.  I have Hawk warding the door currently and each of you will be taking a turn, but you need to do so unseen, unless it is absolutely necessary for you to make an appearance.  Am I understood?”  They nodded and he continued, “the Enemy has sworn that the boy will sorely regret his treachery and I would like to keep him out of the Fiend’s clutches until he is no longer vulnerable to such revenge.”
Jace shivered, “death is not the only means by which our Enemy might avenge himself.”
“No,” said Jared, “but it is the one form of punishment from which our newest initiate can’t yet recover.  And if he chooses against our Master’s offer, he’ll be in grievous danger for the rest of his life.”  He shivered, “which will be short and miserable if the Nameless One has his way.”  He eyed Cieren significantly, “this is what comes of involving mortals in our plans.”
Cieren smiled roguishly, “it was he that embroiled himself in our affairs sir, not me.  He intentionally listened in while Baye and I were trying very hard not to be overheard and also just happened to be there when Bren and I appeared out of thin air on the borders of Astoria.”
Jared nodded, a knowing smile on his face, “I should have suspected as much.  Excellent, then I need detain you no longer.”  He eyed Jace curiously, who then made his report on his latest assignment, and then he dismissed them both.  Said he with a frown ere they left, “what of Bren, I do believe they are rather good friends?”
Cieren smiled, “aye sir, they are indeed.  I’ll see that the boy is distracted for a few days before he starts to wonder whither his friend has flown.  After that, we’ll play it by ear.”
“Very good,” said the Captain, “remember to spell Hawk in warding the door, and let no one see you!”  They saluted and then left the briefing, talking quietly together before going their separate ways.  
Cieren went in search of Bren.  First he vanished from sight and ghosted through the door, hoping the boy was asleep, but he withdrew and knocked in a more conventional fashion when he found the boy still awake and anxiously awaiting their return or some news of their fate.  Bren started at the unanticipated sound but quickly opened the door, anxious to see what a visitor at this hour might mean.
His face fell as he saw Cieren was alone, but he said in feigned cheerfulness, “come in, please.”  Cieren seated himself on Keir’s bed and allowed the dismayed youth to continue, “how did it go?”
Cieren smiled broadly, either proving himself a heartless monster or as proof that things had gone well, said he, confirming the latter, “things could not have been resolved more to my liking.  That awful sword is gone, our Enemy is fled, and your friend is relatively safe.”
Bren frowned, “where is he?”
Cieren smiled enigmatically, “he will be gone for three days, until then you need not worry about him.”
“Is he injured?” said Bren in growing dismay.
“No,” said Cieren, “but he is in mortal danger from the Enemy, for he has declared Keir will pay dearly for his part in this adventure.  We are working to resolve the matter, but you must be patient, for if his whereabouts are revealed too soon, his life will be forfeit.”
“Very well,” said Bren quietly, “I will not dig too deeply into the matter and will allow him to tell me what he will, when he will.”  He brightened slightly, “as he keeps the secret of my sword so will I ward his secret, whatever it is.”  He smiled knowingly at the Shadow, “for I do not think this is solely for his protection.”
“Perhaps,” said Cieren, grinning at the boy’s keen mind, “but that is a tale he must tell when the time comes.”  Said he with a growing smile, “what do you say to practicing with your sword on the morrow?”
Bren frowned, “but I have classes.”
“I will see that you are excused from your morning routine and allowed to take a private lesson instead,” his guise suddenly shifted into that of Keir, “and we can offer our Enemy’s spies a little irresistible bait as well.”
Bren gaped openly but suddenly grinned conspiratorially, “a plan well to my liking, sir.”
“Very good,” said Cieren, standing to go, “we’ll set off after breakfast.”  The boy nodded eagerly and found very little sleep in what remained of the night.

Cieren found Jace just after sunrise outside the dungeon door, “can you ward the door today?  I’m off with Bren for a little sword work.”
Hawk’s disembodied voice said quietly, “I knew you were after my title and position, you fiend!”
Cieren grinned into thin air, “well, I am the Swordmaster after all!”
Jace nodded, a thoughtful look on his face, “what else are you up to?”
“I thought it advisable that Keir make an appearance now and again over the next few days so that our Enemy does not think we have him in hiding somewhere,” said Cieren eagerly.
Jace laughed, “in that case, I will happily ward the door, especially seeing as how he could be my apprentice.”
Cieren said in feigned hurt, “not that you could be bothered to do so in my case.”
Jace shrugged, “perhaps I am growing a heart in my old age?”
Hawk sighed, “someone just take my place already, I have students to attend to, unlike you sluggards.”
Jace smiled impishly but stepped around the corner before vanishing from sight, came his voice, “be gone, both of you!  Some of us have important skulking to do.”
Hawk stepped from around the same corner and grinned at the open air, “I suppose we must leave him to it then, fare thee well, my friend.”  Cieren went to the dining hall to find Bren while Hawk hastened to the practice yard, hoping his Students were not already awaiting him there.  Jace lurked like an innocuous shadow in the corner, making sure none entered the dungeons unawares.

Cieren checked in with each of Bren’s teachers, assuring them that he would be well looked after for the morning while Jared was given the task of speaking with each of Keir’s and vaguely explaining that he would be indisposed for the next three days; they assumed he was ill, probably with that cold that had afflicted his roommate, but were not fully certain after the enigmatic servant’s explanation.  But Keir was seen leaving the shadowy alley adjacent to an inn not far from the castle soon thereafter and snuck off to join his friend in his escape from the city, at least for the morning.  A shadowy figure saw the pair leave the confines of Astoria and hastened to let the right people know, for someone would pay well not only for the second boy, but also to apprehend the sword carried by his companion.
They sought cover in the ruins wherein their adventure of the previous day had taken place, and there Bren became acquainted with his sword, its power and limits.  As the sun gained its midday peak, Cieren said quietly, “you had best get back to the castle lad.”  He took Bren’s uncanny blade and sent it back to the guardhouse in a brief flash of light and gave him an ordinary sword in its stead, said he with a grin, “if anyone accosts you and demands your sword, feel free to give them this.”  The boy grinned eagerly and then dashed off, almost hoping someone would do just that, almost.
Cieren remained in the old ruin in Keir’s guise, sensing something ominous drawing near.  He heard their eager whispers and grim laughter before ever he saw them, but he pretended to be just an oblivious boy, snooping about the crumbling fortress.  Suddenly a man leapt over a low wall and punched him full in the face, sending him sprawling on the ground.  Several more roguish looking fellows offered their own physical insults, before they bound the bruised and bloodied Student and stood laughing over his inert form.  Said the original antagonist, “we know someone who’ll pay well for you, wretch.”
Another pair of nefarious looking scoundrels appeared, one holding a sword aloft, “we have it!  The coward just threw it down and ran like a whipped dog back to the city.”
“Good,” said the scoundrel-in-chief, “we’ve got our traitor and our trophy, let’s get both back to our employer and make good on this deal.”
“Oh, I think not,” said a new voice, “let the boy go and we can all go back to Astoria so you can stand trial for kidnapping, stealing, and whatnot.”
“You will not accuse me of whatnot!” snarled the Captain of the Rogues, drawing his sword, “Will he, boys?”
They foolishly charged Adan and his unicorn, who easily routed the whole bunch of them.  One scoundrel, limping and bruised, escaped back to the city, leaving their prisoner and the fabulous sword behind with his dead and injured comrades.  Adan dismounted and untied the grinning Keir, who briefly revealed a silver mark upon his right palm, before saying, “thank you for the rescue.  Who knows what those fiends intended?”
Adan turned his attention to the two fiends that groaned in misery while three of their number lay unmoving on the flagstones, said he, “what of the prisoners?”
Cieren shook his head, “I fear we can’t put them in the dungeons for a couple days yet.”
“Ah!” said Adan with a curious smile, “What if we sent them to the dungeons four days hence?”
Cieren frowned, “we can do that?”
Adan nodded, “why not?  That should solve all of our problems.  Almost.”  He frowned, “What of the rascal that escaped?”
Keir grinned, “let him tell his masters of his failure and they will certainly see to his punishment.  It will also be agreeable for certain parties to think a particular boy is yet on the loose.”
Adan nodded, “I will see to the messy details here, you had best get back to Astoria, my dear ‘Student.’”  Keir offered him the proper bow and hastened off while Adan set to work attending to the dead and injured.


7

The boy slipped again into a shadowy corner once inside the city, but this time he vanished entirely.  He ghosted back into the keep, stopping outside the dungeon door, whispered one disembodied voice to another, “I can take over from here.”
Jace stepped from around the corner, “very well, how did it go?”
Cieren chuckled unseen, “perfectly.”
Jace smiled at nothing in particular and vanished deeper into the keep while Cieren warded the door.  Adan returned not long thereafter and made his report to both the Lady and the Captain.  As Adan was finishing his report to the Lady, Jared presented himself to the servant standing outside the Lady’s audience chamber.  She nodded that the man should be admitted and he entered forthwith.
Once they were alone and the proper formalities had been observed, asked she, “what is this I hear of you asking that a certain Student be excused from his classes for the next three days?”  She eyed Adan stonily, “and why are your prisoners not due to arrive until that time has passed?”
The Shadows exchanged a sheepish look, then Jared evenly met the Lady’s gaze, “I had hoped to keep the matter a secret my Lady, but there is no hiding anything from you.  The boy is in grave danger, he was personally involved in a plot that foiled one of the Evil One’s schemes and the Fiend has vowed revenge.  His only hope is that he has been Called into the Shadow.”
Adan smiled in understanding, “so that is what Cieren was up to, running about in a Student’s guise.”
“So who is warding the dungeon?” asked the Lady in concern, “If this is a covert affair.”
Jared smiled proudly, “I have your brother, Cieren, and Hawk taking turns; completely unseen of course.”
“Yes,” said the Lady dryly, “I forget that particular skill of yours, but it does have its uses.  Very well, I shall look no further into this matter and let us hope, for his sake, that Keir chooses to fall in with your nonsense, else I don’t know what will come of him.”
Jared shook his head sadly, “he will die, my Lady.  The Nameless One is not omnipotent nor omniscient, but he has servants and spies everywhere and the boy cannot hide from his wrath forever.”
“What of this other dreadful sword?” asked the Lady with a shiver, “How long must we endure its presence in the world?”
Jared smiled, “fear not, Cieren will keep that little problem well in hand.”
“Very well,” said she with a sigh, “continue on as you will, for you would even if you did not have my blessing.”  They bowed their farewells and withdrew from her chambers.

Keir paced uneasily in his cell, wondering what would happen next.  He had read both volumes in their entirety, unable to put them down, but now he could do nothing but wait.  He had thought little of the Master before coming to Astoria, save perhaps to blame Him for ignoring him in his plight, but it was an unavoidable concept when one was a Student in such a place.  Now he must make a decision, one way or the other.  Would he dedicate himself utterly to the Master or allow himself to be destroyed by evil and then face the Abyss forever thereafter?  It was an easy choice, yet some small part of his heart was not yet fully convinced.  That same part that had once yearned after the sword that he knew would utterly consume him, now cried out in dismay that he could even be considering such a thing.
Surrender?  It was unthinkable, complete and utter surrender to a Being he hardly knew!  It was impossible, yet it called to him with a song he could hardly resist.  He went to his knees in the flickering light of the guttering candle, saying aloud to the darkness, “I do not know what to do!”
Came an answering voice, gentle but joyous, “yes, child, you do.”
The boy smiled wryly at his own insipidness, at his delays, excuses, and foot dragging, at last he said faintly, “yes, I do.”

Jace ventured into the dungeons two days later, eager to see what had come of the boy.  He found him insensible and glowing like the sun at midday, but a pulse of light roused him from his faint, though he was still disoriented and confused.  “Easy lad,” said he, “everything will be all right.  Let’s get you to bed.”  The boy nodded vaguely and did not fight as Jace threw a heavy cloak over his hunched form and helped him out of the dungeons.  
Bren was still at class when Keir was settled anew in their room; Cieren soon joined Jace therein.  Said he, “do you want to ward your new apprentice or wander about the keep as Keir?”
Jace smiled ruefully, “I suppose I must have the exciting duty of warding our newest Shadow while you have all the fun and risk of playing the part of the oblivious Student.”
Cieren grinned, “it is not far from the truth, at least in my case.  You never had the fun of such a vigil with me, so I would not deny you the pleasure in Keir’s case.”
Jace said in feigned ire, “just wait until it is your turn, lad.”
Cieren grinned impishly at him but suddenly shifted into ‘Keir,’ before saluting grandly and hieing himself off to class while Jace picked up a book and began to read, a wry smile on his face.
Bren was quite astonished to find both Keir and Jace in his room after the last class period, having thought he had seen his roommate headed off to the dining hall and having no idea who the stranger sitting beside the bed was.  Jace motioned that he should remain silent and shut the door, an order with which he immediately complied.  “Now,” said Jace, putting aside his book, “I’ll be your new roommate, at least for a day or three.  Once your friend here is back on his feet, I won’t bother you any longer, but he will be very excitable and disoriented for a few days.  Say nothing to upset or unnerve him or I cannot say what will happen.  But he should be himself again shortly.  As to anyone you might see out and about in the guise of said friend, I am sure you already know who that person actually is.”
Bren nodded, “I have a very good idea.”  His brow furrowed, “sir?”
Jace grinned impishly, “you need not be so formal whilst I am an intruder in your charming, if cramped, abode.  It is true that I am one of the Brethren, but I abhor unnecessary formality.”
Bren nodded, “fair enough.  May I ask what happened to Keir?”
“You may ask,” said Jace with a smile, “but I am not required to tell you and he will have little enough idea, at least at the first, when he is again in possession of his wits.”
Bren smiled roguishly enough to befit Jace, “but that does not mean I cannot try and find out, either.”
Jace’s eyebrows rose, “I would advise extreme caution lad.  There are secrets that are just that for very good reason.  You take your life in your hands if you try to ferret out things that have been hidden from mortal knowledge since the dawn of time.”  The lad sighed heavily and Jace smiled in commiseration, “you know just enough to make you miserable.”  He smiled eagerly, “but do not forget you have your own secrets that need keeping.”
The boy’s brow furrowed, “how did you know?!”
Jace chuckled, “never take me for a fool lad.  I am in this just as deeply as your friend here or as our so-called Swordkeeper.”
Bren said in dismay, “why do you care so much about my sword?”
Jace shook his head, “do you know how dangerous that weapon is in the wrong hands?”  He smiled wryly, “I have fallen afoul of it twice, and neither was a pleasant experience.  You have been given a great responsibility but also a wonderful opportunity; use it wisely.  As to our interest in the thing, let us just say we are bidden to watch over it, its bearer, and the vulnerable world by One none of us dare disobey.”
“The Lady?” said the boy in puzzlement.
Jace smiled, “nay lad, the Master Himself.”
“As to that,” said the boy uneasily, “I am not sure I believe all the tales that are told of Him in this place.”
Jace smiled rakishly, “would you believe half of your own tale were it told you by another and had not experienced it yourself?”
The boy gaped, “no, I...!”  He smiled sheepishly, “perhaps they are not so farfetched after all.”  Asked he eagerly, “you have seen Him?”
Jace smiled in warm remembrance, “aye lad, many times.”
“I want that,” said the boy eagerly.
Jace met his gaze quizzically, “what?”
Bren smiled, “this joy you possess, of which you are not even consciously aware.  How can I have the same?”
Jace smiled wistfully, “seek the Master lad, and none can steal your Joy, whatever betide.”
Bren nodded and turned to look upon the sleeping Keir, “what of him?”
Jace’s  smile grew proudly paternal, “he’s sought the Master with all his heart and surrendered himself utterly to that Calling.”
“He has joined the Brethren then?” said Bren in wonder.
“In a way,” said Jace with a fond smile of remembrance, “but far more than that, far more than he can yet imagine.”
“Shadow,” whispered Bren in awe.
Jace frowned, “and where did you hear that?”
Bren studied his feet, “it was something Keir overheard in a conversation between two of your comrades.”
Jace eyed his sleeping apprentice wryly, “it seems I will soon have my hands full.”  He shook his head ruefully, “now I will understand how Baye felt.”  He met the boy’s abashed gaze, “I would appreciate if you held that secret as tightly as you guard your sword.”
The boy nodded eagerly, “certainly,” he finished with an impish grin, “sir.”  Jace shook his head and returned to his book, trying to look dour and serious but failing utterly.

While the real Keir slept, Cieren flitted about the keep in his guise, maintaining appearances as it were.  It might have been exciting, being a hunted individual, but he rarely left the keep and it was highly unlikely that he would find any nefarious activity within the very walls of the castle.  The only real opportunity their foes had was during his weekly riding lesson, which was held in the fields outside the city; Cieren rather looked forward to the class, if only for the chance of a little excitement to waken him from the stupor induced by so many remedial classes.  He grinned wryly, he really was becoming as bad as Jace.  This caused him to smile all the more, thinking his mentor had an even more tedious time before him minding a sickbed.  Perhaps if he got ‘Keir’ properly killed, they could all just go back to life as usual and all this subterfuge would be a thing of the past...or not.
He mounted his horse and trailed after the other Students as they made their way out of the city for their riding lesson, purposely bringing up the rear.  He smiled rakishly at Bren, who was second to last and drawing further away by the minute until at last the string of riders vanished around a bend in the road.  Cieren set his heels to the horse’s flanks and took off towards the woods at a gallop, but the beast had hardly entered the shadow thereof before he was rearing and screaming in terror.  Cieren lay on the ground, stunned from the fall and nearly eye to eye with a great male goblin that howled triumphantly in his face.  The far more sensible horse abandoned his fallen rider and hied himself back to the stable while the goblins easily had their way with the helpless ‘Keir,’ or would have, had Adan not come to his rescue once more.
So intent were the monsters in their mischief that he managed to kill half the band before the others turned to defend their prey, but so efficiently did he and the unicorn make an end of the remaining creatures that the surviving pair hastily fled while vociferously protesting this grievous insult to their beings.  Adan sent the unicorn after the fugitives while he attended to his fallen comrade.  A great raven perched upon a dead branch overhead and croaked, “you think to save the wretched creature?  I promise it will not end until he lies safely in the Abyss!  Will your precious Shadow devote itself utterly to the safeguarding of one boy?”  With a mocking laugh, the evil bird took wing and vanished deeper into the woodland shadows.
Adan shuddered, and not just for his encounter with the Fiend, but also at what the goblins had wrought.  ‘Keir’ was still breathing but thankfully unconscious, as parts of him were strewn about the clearing as if he were a doll torn asunder by a naughty older brother.  A pulse of the light soon had the damage mended and brought Cieren back to consciousness.  He smiled grimly at Adan, “thank you again.”
Adan stood, gave him a warm smile, and said, “this will be the last time though, for I am off again.”
Cieren sighed, “hopefully I need not run about in this guise much longer either, fare you well my friend.”  Adan nodded, mounted his just returned unicorn, and vanished into the distance as ‘Keir’ began the long walk back to Astoria.  He grimaced, thinking he would rather face the goblins than his irate instructors when they discovered what it was he had done.  They would think it stupidity indeed yet he could say nothing in his own defense, for any explanation would cause more problems than it would solve.  Keir would just be stuck with extra kitchen duty for a time, that was all; he would also be thought a menace to sanity and reason by the more exacting sticklers for protocol within the keep.  Cieren grinned, it wouldn’t be the first time he had ruined someone’s reputation in the course of his duties, but this time it was not his own.
That evening Cieren, as himself, came to fetch Jace and asked Bren to sit with the still groggy Keir, for Jared had summoned them.  Jace was happy for the interruption to his otherwise tedious day, but not that eager for what was to come.  Jared paced before them in an abandoned sitting room, shaking his head and glancing at Cieren as if he were some sort of renegade or rogue, and from his smile, you would not be wrong in taking him for such.  At last Jared said to Jace, “how long until your apprentice is out of bed?”
Jace shook his head, “two more days at least, sir.”
Jared nodded, “not unusual.”  He then spitted Cieren with a frown, “can you manage two more days without getting ‘Keir’ killed or assigned indefinitely to kitchen duty?”
Cieren grinned, “I will try, sir.”
Jace frowned and Jared told of Cieren’s adventures that day.  Jace gaped, “goblins in Astoria?”
Jared nodded, “even so, seemingly set in ambush for just such a purpose.  It seems our Enemy is determined to fulfill his promise one way or another.”
Jace said in some concern, “even when he wakens sir, I do not feel he is yet ready to accompany me into the field, new as he is to both the Master and the various skills and knowledge he will need to succeed within the Shadow.”
“I agree,” said Jared with a slight smile, “that is the main reason I called this little meeting, for though Cieren acted in an overly bold manner, which should not surprise me any more, he did succeed in ending the goblin threat, or rather Adan did while Cieren just fell to pieces.  Your apprentice will need to continue on in his studies here, but I fear his status as a Shadow will only distract him from what he needs to learn most at this particular time.  He is very similar in temperament to you two reprobates and will want to learn all there is to know of the Shadow at the cost of all else.  We’ll need his permission of course, but I think he will agree once the situation is explained to him, for there is a way to overcome this minor annoyance, which will then free the pair of you up for field missions again.”
He shook his head grimly, “I do not like what that Fowl Fiend said about so much of our efforts being directed at one person, but we have done what we must and now things can return to normality, or as much as one ever finds it within the Shadow, particularly with you two.  Cieren, I’d like you to continue on as ‘Keir’ for another day or two and for once in your life, try lying low.  Jace, continue to ward your apprentice and then when he is ready, take him to the back room in the dungeons and teach him to control himself, after that, both of you should come find me.  Am I understood?”
Jace frowned, “yes sir, but why was the boy admitted to the Shadow prematurely if he still has so much he must learn?”  Jared did not reply but merely smiled dryly at Cieren, which only deepened Jace’s frown until understanding suddenly dawned, smiled he rather sheepishly, “he would not have lived to be Called, else.”  His brow furrowed once more, “but why not reveal him as a Shadow to our Enemy that his persecutions of the boy might cease?”  Jared only raised an eyebrow and Jace actually blushed, “because it distracts him and keeps his focus on a target he cannot permanently harm.”
“Very good,” said the Captain, “we’ll make a thoughtful man out of you yet, even if we’ve no hope of instilling any sort of sense in either of you, now off with you!”  They saluted smartly and hastened from the room, the Captain smiling proudly after.

Two days later, Keir was finally out of bed and eager to begin his new adventures, but Jace cautioned him, “you’ll have all of Time to have one adventure after another lad, but first you must finish laying the foundation upon which you will build all the rest of your life.  You must finish your studies here, before accompanying me into the field.”
Keir looked at him with horrified eyes, “but how can I learn anything in such a state, impatient for what is to come and unable to focus on the present?”
Jace smiled warmly at the boy’s keen insight, “precisely our predicament.  You would not usually have been Called this early in your education, but you would not have survived long enough else, for the Enemy has declared that you will pay for your treachery.”
“He is one to talk,” said Keir dryly.
At which Jace cautioned, “it is not our place to insult, fight, or confront the Fiend directly; that belongs to our Master alone.”  The boy shivered but took the lesson to heart.  Continued Jace in a lighter tone, “there is one necessary skill I must teach you, it will not be pleasant, but for the sake of those around you, you must master it.  After that, if you are willing, we will rectify this impediment to furthering your education.”  The boy nodded eagerly and Jace smiled, “I will join you shortly.”  He touched the boy’s shoulder with a glowing hand, sending him to the little room adjacent to the dungeons, before vanishing from sight and making his own way thither.
Jace suddenly appeared in the room with Keir, who was frowning in consternation at the strange room in which he found himself.  He cocked an eyebrow, “the dungeons again?”
Jace smiled, “not exactly pleasant I agree, but we are unlikely to be disturbed here.”  He drew his sword as the boy’s eyes widened, continued he, “now concentrate.  You must be able to control the light no matter your circumstances, even amidst pain and death, you must maintain control or disaster will ensue.”
The boy said faintly, “death?”
Jace smiled and set himself, “even so, now concentrate!”  A blinding light filled the room as Jace’s sword smote the boy through the heart.  He smiled wryly and roused the insensible, glowing figure with a pulse of light.
The boy blinked back to consciousness and studied his radiant form with a sheepish grin, “death indeed!”  He cloaked himself in obscurity then looked eagerly towards his mentor, “shall we try it again?”  
Jace nodded and again attacked the boy, who quickly mastered the skill, much to Jace’s chagrin, said he ruefully, “it seems I am the dullard amongst the Shadow, at least in this particular skill.”
The boy smiled in commiseration, “I will not think less of you for it, sir.”
“Thanks,” said Jace dryly as he lunged one last time at the boy, who fell with a surprised gasp but nary a flash of light.  He smiled proudly down at his prone apprentice and was just about to rouse him again when the door began to open.  He immediately sent the boy elsewhere with a pulse of light and vanished from sight, but he did not have time to clean up the blood on the floor.  The servant who entered looked about in consternation but had no explanation as to its source and could only clean up the mess and report his strange finding to the Lady, who did not seem overly concerned, at least not with Jace about the keep.

Jared had just come off duty at the gate and entered his chambers, leaning against the door to close it.  His hand darted to the sword that was not there, for suddenly he saw a figure in his bed.  He frowned, for the form did not move.  Lighting a candle, though he could see perfectly well in the dark, he frowned down at the inert boy and gaped to find a dead Keir.  Suddenly there came a knock at the door and he opened it, still holding the candle, to find a breathless Jace, “might I come in, sir?”
Sensing the boy’s distress, he nodded and stepped aside, rather than dressing him down then and there for such an unseemly prank.  The boy’s wry grin upon finding the dead man in the Captain’s bed was answer enough.  Said Jared dryly, “so tell me how exactly you managed to lose your apprentice in such a state?”  They both laughed heartily once Jace had told his tale and then roused the boy, once their mirth was well under control that is, for it would not do for him to think both his mentor and the Captain slightly wacked.  The boy paled slightly as he was introduced to the Captain of the Shadow, but Jared’s warm grin soon put him at ease.
Said the captain, “your first official assignment within the Shadow lad, shall be to forget that you are a Shadow, that is if you are willing to accept it?”
The boy frowned in perplexity, “I will continue on as an oblivious Student, a part of the Shadow, but completely unaware of it?”
Jared nodded, “once your education is complete and you are ready for field duty, your memory will be fully restored.”
The boy nodded thoughtfully, “I think it will be the only way in which I will be able to focus on that which I must learn.”  He evenly met the captain’s gaze, “I’ll do it.”
Jared smiled, “good lad, the only memories you will lose are those personally connecting you to us and they’ll be fully restored once all is finished.  Ready?”
The boy sighed, “as much as I will ever be.”
Jared nodded and touched Keir’s shoulder with a glowing hand, “you’ll wake up in your own bed, none the wiser.”  Which prompted an ironic smile from Jace, but otherwise went unremarked.  The boy vanished once more as Jared continued, “see that he is settled and unaware of his circumstances, and if all is well, I have a mission for you.”  Jace saluted and went to check on his charge.


8

Jace found Bren frozen in the midst of his bedtime preparations, staring wide-eyed at the sleeping form of Keir that had miraculously appeared in his own bed.  Jace smiled at the boy’s open-mouthed gape at his own sudden appearance, saying, “Keir will waken none the wiser that he has entangled himself in the Shadow.”  At the boy’s frown, Jace continued, “it would only distract him from his studies; he agreed to forgo that knowledge for a time so he could concentrate on that which he must learn at the moment.  He is still a Shadow, but he will be completely unaware of that fact, as is our Enemy.  Do not be surprised if there are continued attempts to capture or kill the boy from that quarter.”  
The boy was about to protest but Jace only smiled and continued, “you will be safe enough as long as you remain in the keep or in the company of the Brethren.  Should anything untoward occur, the swordmaster and a certain servant are ever at your service.”  Jace laughed at the boy’s perplexity, “Astoria’s swordmaster, not He Who Minds the Sword, etc., but if he is around, he’d be happy to help as well.”
At last the boy said, “you are going?”
Jace nodded, “duty calls and Keir is not yet ready for a field mission.  Once he is, he’ll accompany me upon his initial adventures.  Can you ward his secrets, even from himself?”
Bren nodded eagerly, a slight grin on his face, “besides for the plots of the Nameless One, it will be rather amusing.”  He frowned, “what am I to do if something awful happens?”
Jace said grimly, “if you must, let them have the sword and Keir, if it will spare your life.”
Bren frowned, “betray my best friend!  Lose my dearest possession!”
Jace arched an eyebrow, “what good does the sword do you if you are dead?”
“Point taken,” said Bren, still frowning, “but what about betraying Keir?”
Jace said quietly, “death is an inconvenience to a Shadow, not the end of all we once knew.  Hopefully it will not come to that, but if you must choose your life or his, get yourself to safety, for his life and being are in the Master’s keeping.”
“Very well,” said the boy grimly, “I will do what I must.”  He frowned anew, “what if villains take the sword, is it not a disaster waiting to happen?”
Jace chuckled, “that is what our vaunted Master and Keeper of the Blade is for.  All joking aside, he can destroy or deactivate the thing at will.”
Bren sighed, “then I will be just an ordinary boy again.”
Jace clapped him on the back, “do not be ridiculous lad, there is no such thing as an ordinary man.  The Master made you especially to be you and no one else.  Do not base your worth upon your possessions or accomplishments, for they are vain and passing things, rather draw your worth from He who wrought you.”
Bren smiled slightly, “we shall see, sir.”  Jace nodded, bid the boy farewell, and left the room; he vanished from the keep that night, on Shadow business bent.  Cieren was also banished from the castle, supposedly on some quest or other but as he is not here to defend himself, this history will ever remain incomplete.

Keir woke the next morning, as bright eyed and bushytailed as ever was a man in want of a tail; Jared’s little trick had removed all conscious memory of his involvement in the Shadow along with any physical signs, including his Mark and the faint glow that would betray him as one of the Brethren.  Instead, he looked, thought, and felt exactly as the Student he was.  Bren studied him with a smile, eager to see just how little his friend knew of his peculiar situation.  There was also the matter of his extra kitchen duty and recent absence from his classes to be discussed.
Said Bren brightly, “how are you feeling this morning?”
Keir’s eyes narrowed, “fine indeed, is there any particular reason you ask?”
Bren grinned, “I was just wondering how much you remember of the last few days?”
Keir said thoughtfully, “little enough indeed, though I think I was abed for a time.”
“You’ve missed almost a week,” said Bren, “but I’ll be happy to help you catch up.  You’ve also earned yourself extra kitchen duty for the next few weeks for your inattention to duty.”
“What!” protested the boy, “I remember none of this!”
“Certainly not,” said Bren in commiseration, “you were in delicate shape and hardly seemed yourself the entire time.  It is good to have you back.”
Keir sighed heavily, “I hope I have not utterly destroyed my reputation with my delusional madness!”
Bren grinned, “a few months as your usual, obedient self again will quickly drive any rumors of ill-repute away.”
Keir snorted, “I just wish I remembered what I did to earn such disdain, it must have been grand indeed.”
“It is best we not speak of it,” said Bren, valiantly suppressing a grin, “that way its memory might die all the quicker.”
“I suppose,” said Keir in disappointment but knowing his friend was right.  He just wished he had some amusing memory to recompense him for his upcoming drudgery in the kitchens.

Life settled back into its regular rhythms and Keir’s previously impeccable reputation was soon restored, causing some to scratch their heads in wonder at the aberration therein but they consoled themselves with the fact that remedial kitchen duty was a surefire cure for many an ill.  He also found himself a far better student immediately after that peculiar morning, able to learn things quickly and remember them without error, even the more physical disciplines seemed a little easier, but perhaps he was simply starting to master them at last.  Strangely, Bren never wanted to go riding in the woods about Astoria or explore the various points of interest about the countryside any longer, rather he spent his Free Day in the library or the practice yard.  Even when they went out for their riding lesson, they were invariably in the middle of the pack of Students rather than leading or bringing up the rear.
One day Keir confronted his friend upon the matter, growing rather restless confined to the keep so long, especially as the days lengthened and spring began to stir in the woods and meadows.  “We never leave the castle!” said Keir in dismay.
“There are people that want you dead,” said Bren quietly, “don’t you remember?”
Keir frowned as memory stirred, it was fuzzy, but it was there.  Said he contritely, “I had forgotten, but how long must we endure this interminable existence?”
Bren smiled sadly, “only until you are learned enough to go abroad.”
“Who is to determine that?” asked Keir with a frown, “I might stay here forever and never learn all that I must.”  He sighed heavily, “that reminds me, I need to find something to do with my life.”
Bren nodded, “we have reached that point in our education.”
“What of you?” asked Keir hopefully.
Bren said quietly, “I think I will take my Oath.”
“Really!” said Keir, brightening, “And here I was reluctant to tell you that I thought the same, for fear you would think me a fool.”
Bren smiled, “I could never think ill of you, my friend, whatever happens.  I have been wrestling with the matter since last fall, but finally I have come to a decision, else I would have told you sooner.”
Keir shivered, “I don’t look forward to speaking with the Lady, perhaps we could petition her together?”
Bren said in relief, “my thoughts exactly.”
But when they applied to the Lady, she was reluctant to grant their request, but they insisted and she at last relented.  Said she as they bowed themselves tremblingly into her presence, “I had hoped to do this privately, Keir, but your insistence has thus prevented me.  Are you sure you would have this spoken before others?”
Keir nodded, “whatever you have to say, Lady, Bren can hear.”
“Very well,” said she in a voice laden with grief, “Bren, you may take your Oath at the next opportunity, but I fear Keir, that is not the fate to which you are destined.”
“What?!” said the boy in dismay, “Does it have aught to do with that regrettable escapade last fall?”
She smiled slightly, “nay lad, many have overcome worse hijinks and still taken the Oath, rather your path lies apart from that of your friend.  I cannot tell you more at this moment, but it is nothing you have or have not done, rather I believe you will discover a calling peculiar to yourself.”
His shoulders slumped, “yes my Lady.”  They made their bows and withdrew, but Bren did not seem overly disappointed for his friend, Keir remarked, “why are you grinning like that?”
Bren asked blandly, “like what?”
Keir frowned, “like one who knows a secret that no one else does.”
“Because I do,” said Bren with a broad smile, “and one day you will know it too and will be far from disappointed, but until then, you must not lose heart nor patience.”
“That is easy enough for you,” sighed Keir, “you at least have a future.  I’ll just be a Student the rest of my life.”
“I don’t think so,” said Bren with another grin, but he would say no more upon the matter, no matter how Keir pressed him.
At last Keir said in dismay, “can we at least get out of the city?  I need to do something or burst.”
Bren shook his head, “I don’t think that would be advisable, but why don’t you vent your spleen by taking a whack at me with a practice blade?”
Keir nodded, “it has been too long since I beat you soundly, I think it will be just the thing.”  His shoulders slumped, “at least among those things which I am actually allowed to do.”  Bren shoved him playfully and raced off towards the practice yard; his problems momentarily forgotten, Keir followed in swift pursuit.  A passing servant frowned after their youthful exuberance but continued upon the errand for which he was being well paid: slipping a note into the bed of a certain Student.
They returned from their exertions weary, but content, Keir fell immediately into bed after washing away the inevitable sweat, but Bren found a disquieting note upon his pillow.  Frowning, he glanced at his soundly sleeping friend and rose from his bed, donning his cloak, he crept from the room.  He had been soundly warned against just such a circumstance, but he could not betray his friend; perhaps he could even end the threat against him once and for all.  He collected his sword at the guardhouse, though the hour was already late, but as he seemed intent on leaving, the guards would not gainsay him, thinking him abandoning Astoria permanently.  He went to the inn specified on the note and seated himself as directed, immediately adjacent to a door opening on the stableyard.  He frowned, wondering if he had pocketed the note or inadvertently left it where Keir might find it.  He grimaced, knowing he had been far too careless, but his vexation with himself was suddenly cut short as darkness consumed him utterly.

Keir awoke suddenly in the darkness, sensing something was amiss.  Frowning at the odd sensation, he glanced about the room and noted Bren’s bed had not been slept in nor was the boy in the room.  Completely oblivious to the fact that he could see in the dark, he picked up a slip of paper lying forgotten in the middle of the floor.  His heart sank as he read it, knowing what had come of his friend.  He pocketed the note and hastily donned his cloak, wondering if he would come in time.  He nearly tripped over a man just outside his door, apparently trying to slip a note under the door.  The man squawked in alarm but dropped the epistle as he fled.  Keir did not pursue, but rather read the note.  With a heavy sigh, he drew his cloak about him and hastened off into the night.
It was nearly dawn by the time he reached the ruins, an inadvertent shudder running up his spine as he glimpsed again the place where he had seen things no mortal man can comprehend.  Bren lay bound and bloodied off to one side of the crumbling courtyard, his pallor and ragged breathing attesting to their ill-treatment of the would-be hero.  Keir shivered again to see his scabbard empty.  They had the sword too!  But at least it was over.  The Lady’s prophetic words mocked him as he walked into the midst of the ruin, empty hands in the air, another path indeed!
“It’s about time,” snarled a rough and ragged personage crouching in the shadows beside the insensible Bren.  He gave a harsh laugh and stabbed Bren in the gut with his knife, eliciting a groan from the insensible boy.
Keir cried in dismay, “no!” and rushed to his friend’s side, a brief flicker of light passing unseen between them, as two more of the villains bodily removed him from Bren’s side.  He kicked and fought, but to no avail as they forced him to lie on the stone on which the evil sword had once tempted him.
“Nothing fancy lads,” said the main rogue, “the master wants him dead, plain and simple.  We don’t get paid else.”  His vile grin widened, “not that this sword might not be just recompense, if it is half what it is rumored to be.”
Keir made to protest once more but they cut his throat and silenced him utterly.  A great black raven, perched on the wall, croaked in triumph before winging off into the depths of the wood.  The villains ignored the bird and began to argue amongst themselves, about whether they should give up the sword to their shadowy employer to collect the promised pay or whether they should keep the sword and hope to gain thereby.  The only problem was that there was only one sword but there were five villains, at least until they began fighting amongst themselves, after which there was only one and he decided he’d take the sword and see what he could make of it rather than risking betrayal at the hands of their dark master.  He smiled maliciously and vanished unwittingly after the raven.
Bren lay forgotten near the wall in miserable insensibility, but the pain was suddenly gone as he felt himself immersed in a veritable sea of light, though he had yet to waken.  Around midday he began to stir, he blinked back to wakefulness, momentarily forgetful that he was not safe in his own bed.  He sat up suddenly, remembering where he was and in whose clutches.  His heart sank as he felt the empty scabbard at his side.  The sword!  He frowned at the inert forms about himself and then remembered vaguely that he had been taken by several dark men who had treated him despicably.  He smiled ironically, for it seemed evil had turned upon itself.
He stood shakily and studied his immediate surroundings, taking in the four dead rogues and another unmoving form in the uniform of a Student lying atop a toppled stone, his throat a bloody ruin.  Bren rushed to the side of his slain friend and wanted to weep like one bereft of his soul, but the peculiar words of a veritable stranger gave him hope unlooked for.  He frowned, suddenly remembering that he should probably be in a similar condition to that of his friend.  Then he remembered the light.  He smiled warmly at his friend, “you saved my life even though you did not know it was possible when I rushed out so foolishly in hopes of saving yours!”
Suddenly Bren felt obliged to look away as that light stirred again, repairing the wanton damage and rousing the dead.  When Bren looked again, Keir was sitting up, blinking blearily about him.  “What happened?” frowned he.
“A miracle indeed!” said Bren with a grin, “I was an idiot and we should both be dead.”
“Correction,” said Keir, “we were both idiots.”  He frowned as he took in the dead fiends, “why are they dead and we aren’t?”
“Like I said,” replied Bren, “a miracle indeed, but they have the sword.”
“What are we waiting for?” said Keir eagerly, “We had best pursue them.”
Bren frowned, “do you want to be a fool twice in one day?”
Keir sighed, “no, but we can’t just leave that sword in the hands of evil men!  By the time we return to Astoria for help, we might lose all trace of them.”
Bren said quietly, “the Bladekeeper ought to know but I don’t think he is even in Astoria, but I still don’t think this is a good idea.”
Keir frowned, “come my friend, where is your sense of adventure?”
Bren smiled sadly, “it is nowhere as keenly developed as yours.  I’ll go back to the city and raise the alarm and I’d advise you to do the same, but I know you won’t be that sensible.”
“You know me well then, my friend!” with a roguish smile he dashed off into the heart of the wood.  Bren shook his head but could not help smiling, wondering what would come of his friend before turning back towards the city, grimly wondering what the Lady would think of his own antics.


9

He went first to the true swordmaster, since he was a little more acquainted with the man than he was with that odd servant.  Hawk listened to the tale with a thoughtful look on his face, said he with a wry grin, “this is a merry tale.  The only question is whether the Lady or the Captain will have your hides first!”
“The Captain?” asked the boy anxiously.
Hawk nodded, “the Captain of the Shadow, ‘that odd servant’ as you are wont to call him.”  The boy grew so pallid that Hawk thought he might faint, said he, “easy lad, it isn’t as bad as all that, but we had best apprise him of the situation immediately.”  He frowned, “where are Jace and Cieren when I need them?”  “Come lad,” said he, motioning for the petrified boy to follow.
“There you are!” said ‘that odd servant,’ in relief when he saw Hawk and Bren walking across the courtyard; they followed him into a quiet room.  “Rumor has it that you and your friend have left Astoria, never to return,” said Jared, frowning thoughtfully, “don’t tell me you’ve lost the sword!”
Hawk grinned fit to suit Jace, “and Keir.”
“What?!” said Jared in dismay, “that’s just what we need: a renegade Shadow!  He’s as dangerous as that sword but doesn’t even know it.”
Hawk frowned, “I thought he had mastered control of himself.”
“He has,” said Jared, “but that does not mean it is safe to let him run loose unsupervised!”  His hand began to glow as first Jace and then Cieren found themselves blinking in surprise to be ensconced in a tiny sitting room with Hawk, Bren, and the Captain.
Jace shook his head, “something has happened at last.”
Cieren frowned, “the sword!”
“You are both right,” said Jared as he motioned for Bren to tell his tale.
“Not bad,” said Jace with a grim smile, “not bad at all for a lad who doesn’t know what he is!”
“He’s well worthy of you,” said Jared dryly, “that’s all I will say about their foolishness, now what is to be done?”
“I’m going to help retrieve the sword and my friend,” said Bren boldly.
Four sets of surprised eyes came to bear upon the lad and he flinched back against the wall, as Jared said, “I admire your courage and faithfulness, but you will not help us and well might get yourself killed.”
Remembering his foolish stunt just the night before, he studied his feet and sighed, “I suppose you are right, but I fear I’ll go mad here with nothing to occupy me until you return!”
Jared said with a grim smile, “I am sure the Lady will be irate enough with you for your foolishness to find you ample work to do in the kitchens.”
“I should have gone with Keir,” said Bren with a groan.
Jace shook his head, “had you done that, you would have been killed, who knows what would have come of your friend, and the sword would still be in the wrong hands with us none the wiser.  You did the right thing.”  He sighed heavily, “now if I can only convince a certain hard headed apprentice to do likewise!”
Jared grinned, “it seems Bren is not the only one who has his work cut out for him.  You two had best go retrieve your missing charges whilst I try and reason with the Lady on the lad’s behalf, at least it is not a capital offense.”  The boy blanched, but Jared’s impish smile reassured him enough that he could at least exit the room with some semblance of mind before he was led off to his doom, or the next closest thing.
Jace arched an eyebrow and Cieren nodded, “the day wastes, we had best be off.”
Hawk raised a glowing hand, “allow me, Swordmaster!”
Cieren growled, “I am going to destroy the thing simply to free myself of such lunacy!”  He vanished before Hawk could offer a witty retort.
But Jace replied as they suddenly reappeared elsewhere, “but then you’ll take all the fun out of this profession.”
“Who needs fun!” growled a sinister voice, “Hands in the air!”
The Shadows glanced about in wonder, having assumed they’d find themselves in some woodland glade but rather a trio of thugs surrounded them in a back alley of a nameless city.  They could have made short work of the banditti but felt cooperating, at least for the time being, would avail them more.  They dutifully handed over their weapons and allowed themselves to be rather roughly escorted into the back room of a very seedy inn.  Cieren said to Jace with a wry smile, “you never have a dull day, do you?”
“Quiet!” growled one of their captors, “No idle chatter.  The master’ll know what to do with you.”
Cieren smiled grimly, still eyeing Jace significantly, “at least someone does.”  He earned himself a cuff from the nearest of the thugs, who eyed him stonily and promised worse if he could not restrain his tongue.  With a sigh, they all settled in to wait for ‘the master,’ whoever he was.

Keir successfully tracked the renegade for approximately a stone’s throw before he lost all trace of the villain.  He was about to turn around and go back to Astoria, it was either that or wander aimlessly in the wilds until he died of hunger or inadvertently stumbled upon his quarry, even his adventurous spirit did not have the heart for that impossibility, when a little bird lit on his shoulder and that inexplicable light consumed him.  He blinked and suddenly found himself sitting on a bench beside a ramshackle inn just off a busy thoroughfare in some great city.  Shaking his head and smiling eagerly he set off to find a villain, a sword, or an adventure, whichever came first.  He had hardly emerged from his haven into the busy main street before he felt a strong arm about his shoulders and an amused voice saying, “there’s plenty for all lad, but we mustn’t alert anyone to our presence just yet, most especially the King’s guard.”
A heavy cloak settled about his shoulders and the boy frowned up into the face of a grizzled but smiling rogue possessed of no teeth, continued he, “these Andreans are upstanding folk, mind you, and would take it quite amiss if they saw your lovely attire.”
Only then did Keir realize he was still clad in a bloodstained Student uniform, grimacing in horror at his mistake, the grizzled fellow continued oblivious, “I must say, I am quite impressed with your brazenness at going about in public like that, but our master would not be so pleased, wishing to remain hidden as he does.  Now when he has himself well and truly established, I am sure he would not mind it in the least, nay he might require all of his followers to attire themselves likewise, with the blood of their victims displayed for all to see.  As I said, quite impressive and bold, but rather foolish if I may say so, but then you are certainly new within our ranks so we cannot hold it too much against you.”
“Thank you,” said Keir faintly at this odd logic, but the cloak hid his atrocious attire while the grizzled old man welcomed him unquestioningly into the ranks of some great villain’s minions, who might well be in possession of a certain sword, thus he allowed himself to be guided along by the genial, if misguided, old man.
“Here’s the place,” said he with a grin, “this inn serves as our master’s headquarters while he swells our ranks and prepares to make his debut.  They say he is possessed of a magic sword that wrought havoc in Guera, and I cannot wait to see it in action.  The main reason we’ve all gathered is merely upon the rumor of such a weapon!”
Keir’s heart leapt within him, the sword!  He could get it back.  Perhaps he could not join the Brethren, but he could at least get the weapon out of the clutches of such a villain; that would surely be an adventure and one worthy of a tale all its own.
“What are you smiling at,” snarled his companion, “you’re naught but a lackey.  It’ll take you years to earn your way higher in our ranks, if you can survive that long.  So quit smirking!”  
Keir quickly hid his eager smile and tried to look chastised, but he could not help but glance about hopefully for said villain and his wondrous sword.  But he did not see his quarry right away, instead, there was a growing murmur of excitement running through the assorted rogues and banditti that filled the common room; they very nearly hung from the rafters, so packed was the room.  Whispered his companion conspiratorially, “we’ll get to see the sword in action very soon no doubt, they’ve caught a couple spies in the alley adjacent to the inn!”  He gave the boy a thoughtful look, which made Keir take a step back in apprehension, suddenly wondering what his scruffy companion truly thought of him.
Suddenly the head villain entered and all were silent, but every eye gleamed in anticipation.  He was a tall man, broad across the shoulders with graying but still thick hair brushing his shoulders.  He studied the gathered scoundrels with a gap toothed smile and said at last, “many of you have come solely because it is rumored I am in possession of a certain legendary weapon, yet none have seen it in action and a few even question the verity of the rumors, but fear not lads, today you will have your demonstration, but first, a bit of entertainment!”
There were many cheers at this but no little head scratching, as the banditti tried to determine exactly what the difference was between the former and the latter.  The Bandit King laughed at their consternation and explained, “to the pit, lads!”  At this, a raucous cheer filled the air as the entire throng flooded through a door at the back of the room and crowded into a smaller chamber whose bulk was taken up with a sand pit in the very center surrounded by high walls all around that the occupants might not escape yet the spectators had a full view of all that happened therein.  
Keir shuddered, for he had heard of such setups used for such atrocious activities as dog fighting and worse.  His companion clutched his arm as tightly as a mother might her small child’s in such a throng, hissed he in growing excitement, “ready for a little fun, lad?”  Keir could only shudder again in reply, which made the man laugh so hard it triggered a coughing fit.
Once the throng had jammed into their places, the head bandit stood forth and declared, “let the festivities begin!”  A door opened in the side of the pit and a pair of men were shoved in; the door was shut firmly behind them with no knob or handle within the pit by which to escape back the way they had come.  With no chance of such a retreat, they immediately faced the situation before them, exchanging a grimly amused glance as they took in their predicament.  Keir gaped, for he knew at least the man on the right, the very Master of the Sword or whatever his title was at the moment, and he thought the other looked vaguely familiar but could not immediately place him.  Continued the bandit king, “these two were found skulking about in the alley and I thought you might appreciate watching them fight to the death!”
The audience answered with a bloodthirsty cheer as Keir suddenly found himself bodily lifted into the air and flung into the pit by his strange companion.  There was complete silence as he stood and dusted himself off, glaring in annoyance at his onetime escort.  Asked the bandit king in some perplexity, “what is this?  Pure clumsiness?”
The greying rogue smiled broadly, motioning towards the boy, “nay lord, he too is a suspicious one.  I found him running about in the street in the most scandalous attire: the very livery of Astoria.”
“Ah!” said the bandit king, “this shall be even more amusing than I thought.  A three way battle shall be all the more entertaining and the winner may have a very close look at my peculiar sword.”  He said to the three captives, “do not bother dithering or balking lads, you’ll die regardless and this will be the least painful way to go about it.  Give my boys a good show and I may be gracious to the survivor, refuse and you’ll all die miserably.”  As he finished, three swords were tossed into the arena.
The three captives studied one another as the bandit rattled on and then Cieren and Jace exchanged a significant look.  Keir was quite uneasy, not knowing what was to be done.  Cieren said quietly, “you must trust us lad, we’ll all three get out of this, but you must trust us, no matter how awful it seems at the moment.”
The boy shivered, but nodded his understanding as they each picked up a sword.  Said he in horror, “we’re really going to fight?”
“No,” said Jace with a grim smile, “you and I are going to die so that the Swordwarder here can get his hands on that fabled blade.”
Keir gaped, “what!  You can’t just kill me?!”
Cieren hefted his sword, “remember what I said about trusting us?”
The boy squawked but managed to block the thrust, his sword technique had come far in the last year but he was still no match for Cieren.  In horror, Keir watched the man drive his sword into his unprotected chest, wondering how he could trust such a fiend.  He fell with a gasp and lay there dying as Cieren turned on Jace, who was obviously the better swordsman but seemed to be holding himself back that the younger man might triumph.  Jace fell beside Keir, gasping, “trust us lad...”  His eyes glazed and he lay still.
Cieren was suddenly standing over Keir, bloody sword in hand as the bandit king proclaimed triumphantly, “finish him.”  Cieren smiled sadly as he raised the sword; horror filled Keir’s eyes, trust indeed!  With a final thrust, the boy groaned and stared blankly.  “Excellent!” chortled the bandit king, “and now for my promise.”
A door suddenly opened revealing a set of stairs by which the bandit descended from his perch into the pit; it shut firmly behind him lest Cieren take it into his head to try escaping.  “Now,” said the bandit, unsheathing his sword, “I’ll give the lads here a demonstration and you shall have the honor of seeing this magnificent weapon at close range, an experience you sadly won’t be able to relate to others, but certainly a glorious end.”
Cieren smiled grimly as he set himself, knowing it was time at last for the wretched sword to be forever rendered powerless, for its evil far outweighed the good it might do in the hands of so fickle a creature as man.  He released it from its quiescence and suddenly it flared forth like the sun, easily slicing through his own sword, but as the man thrust with the killing stroke, it flared an agonized red as it pierced the very heart of its master.  Cieren felt the power leave the blade even as life fled his own body; he crumpled beside his comrades and did not move more.
The gathered banditti cried out in astonishment and wonder, cheering eagerly as their captain raised his sword and arms in acceptance of their adulation.  He sheathed his blade, the door opened for his ascent, and he said, “and soon the King will likewise meet his doom.”  There was more cheering as the banditti left the pit and returned to the common room to toast their brilliant future with such a man at their head, leaving the servants and lackeys to clean up the mess.  The bodies were removed and the soiled sand replaced, leaving the enclosure ready for the next exhibition.  The slain were dumped quietly in a forgotten alley and left to rot with the other unnamed filth that moldered therein.
Cieren was the first to stir, knowing he must hie himself to the King and reveal the hidden retreat of the bandit king who, without his fabulous sword, was just another rabble rouser that would be easily dealt with, but first he had to tend to the boy.  He touched the lad with a glowing hand, healing the wounds he had wrought and also changing his outward appearance before sending him off on his next adventure before he wakened.  
Jace stirred beside him, saying in some consternation, “what did you just do?”
Cieren grinned, “you’ll just have to go after him.”  He touched his friend with the same glowing hand and Jace vanished with a surprised squawk.  Cieren stood with a very pleased smile on his face before dashing off to face the King.


10

Prince Hart’s horse suddenly went mad, no doubt the creature saw a figment of its own imagination lurking in the shadows alongside the road and was reacting accordingly.  The Prince was thrown inelegantly into the shrubbery by the spooked animal even as his companion fell with a gasp from his own saddle, an arrow in his chest.

Keir blinked dazedly, wondering where he was.  It was dark and he seemed to be in a forest, but otherwise life made absolutely no sense at the moment.  A sudden noise roused him from his stupor and he crawled towards the disturbance.  A horse bucked and reared a little further down the road, but immediately before him lay an unmoving man with an arrow sticking out of his ribs.  Keir gasped, wondering if this nightmare would ever end, but feeling he must do something, he crawled towards the unmoving form, which groaned in surprise at the boy’s approach.  Whispered the stricken man, “ride Highness, ride!  Forget me!  It is war if you do not dance with the Princess...”
Keir frowned at this, wondering if the man were in some sort of premortem delirium and thinking him someone he was not.  He pulled the arrow free and the man groaned again, but did not rouse to consciousness.  A flash of light passed unseen between them, as whoever had sent the arrow into the dying man took hold of Keir’s shoulders and forcibly bore him into the darkness.
The real Prince crawled out of the shrubbery, complaining bitterly about skittish horses and kingdoms that allowed brambles and thorns to grow alongside a public highway.  He grew suddenly silent as he saw his friend lying prone upon the road, racing to his side, he said in horror, “what happened?”
Roused by the familiar voice, the boy sat up and shook his head, frowning at the place where the arrow had lodged.  He smiled to see the Prince safe and whole, and said faintly, “I believe we were ambushed, but we have no time to discuss the matter at present.  We cannot be late!”
The Prince groaned, “of course not!  I must at least dance with the Princess this night else her father will see it as just motivation to declare war on mine!  What a disaster, but at least the brigands were not successful in their attempts.”  His companion fingered the hole in the fabric where the arrow had pierced and was not so certain, but they truly did not have time to give the matter all the thought it might require, for they could not be late.  They were soon enough in their saddles and galloping off towards the ball and out of this story and into another.

Keir fought and struggled but could not free himself from the clutches of his captors, but neither would they risk rendering him unconscious, for their master wanted him in full possession of his senses for what was to come.  At last they flung him down upon a treeless hilltop under a black sky, but it was the deeper shadows lurking upon the hilltop that worried him, for they were darker than the starless night overhead with eyes that burned in their shapeless faces like embers in the dark.  
A boy about his own age stood upon the rise and smiled triumphantly at his prone captive, Keir wisely chose to remain silent as the villain began to gloat, “so you will miss your little dance brother and our father will soon enough find himself at war!  After having failed so miserably in so simple an errand, you cannot return to him, but I offer you a chance at power nonetheless.  I will, this night, become something truly awful and you can join me!”
Keir shuddered, eyeing the shadows in horror, “no thank you.”
“Very well,” said the boy stonily, as if it mattered little to him; he motioned that the myrmidons should go and when they made to protest, he smiled dangerously and the wraiths crept forward, which caused the villains to yelp in horror before turning tail and running.  “This could have been yours as well,” said the boy, “now you will just be a disgrace without even a corpse to bury.  Watch and see what could have been!”
He motioned again and one of the wraiths fell upon him, but he managed to contain his horror that a strangled cry not mar his moment of triumph.  When the creature finished, another shade hovered upon the hillside while a corpselike man stood at its side, an awful mawkish smile upon its face, said the creature, “this is pleasant indeed!  Now the world shall be mine.”
Groused the former prince, “this is not what I had expected at all!  You lied!  You have the power and I am but a shadow!”
The corporeal wraith snarled, “what did you expect, your highness!  At least you can rid the world of your brother.”
“That I can,” said the shade in growing malfeasance as all of the wraiths gathered around the horrified boy.
Keir felt things moving unbidden within himself and shivered, speaking far more boldly than he had ever done in his life, “this abomination will end now!”  In a moment he was unmade from within as a terrible light was loosed upon the hilltop.  The wraiths cried out in dismay as that light consumed them utterly, leaving the hill alone with the wind as ever was its wont, save for a glowing mass like a beacon fire upon its brow.
Jace blinked to clear his mind as he suddenly appeared upon that same dark hill, drawn inexorably to that light.  He sent a pulse of light into it, restoring it to the boy it had once been before sending the sleeping lad off again with another burst of light, smiling ruefully, wondering if ever the boy would realize what he was and that this whole ordeal had not been just a bad dream.  Then all he knew was pain and darkness.

Keir awoke in the woods near the ruin wherein this strange tale had begun, staring about in confusion and wonder, as if he had never seen a dawn in the waking world.  Shakily he stood and stared about in perplexity, wondering if it had all been a dream.  By his count, he should be dead thrice over and that horrid sword was still at large.  With a sigh, he turned back towards the city, wondering what was truth and what a dream.  He did not even have the solace of his friend and co-adventurer upon his return, for Bren was in the midst of the Oathtaking when he finally limped back into the castle with many a frown and stare from the various occupants thereof, only then remembering his bloody and tattered Student’s uniform.  With a sob, he ran to his room and collapsed upon the bed, weeping inconsolably.
Bren heard whispers of the scandalous manner of his friend’s return the moment the Oathtaking was over, blanching in dismay, he hastened to their room to find the bedraggled boy yet in the clutches of sorrow.  Keir looked up morosely, his grief turning to anger, “is this it then?  You get to be the hero and have adventures while I live through a nightmare only to return in disgrace and live on in ignominy?”
Bren was at his side in a moment, but Keir shrugged his hand away, “what comfort can you offer?  What hope?  I am bereft of any!  Do you know what I just lived through, or at least I think I lived through it, it is all so dreadful I don’t know what is real any more!”
Bren could not help but smile, “have you no inkling of what could be happening to you?  Whatever adventures await me, they undoubtedly pale in comparison to those you will have!”
Keir growled, “how can you say that?  I am not even worthy to find a place amongst the Brethren!  Who else would even look twice at me?”  There came a knock at the door and Keir buried his head in his hands, “no doubt someone has come to scold me for my dissolute appearance!”
Bren opened the door and stepped back to admit Jared, an eager smile on the boy’s face, but Keir did not even look up.  Jared took one look at the ragged, distraught boy and barked, “on your feet lad!”
Too surprised to protest, Keir leapt to his feet and glared at the insolent servant, who smiled in vast amusement, said Jared, “that’s better, I will not have a Shadow under my command sulking like this.”
Keir’s frown deepened, “I do not understand.”
Jared’s smile and tone were gentleness itself, “of course you don’t, but you did agree to this.”  He raised a glowing hand and the boy flinched back, but there was nowhere to go, said the captain, “easy lad, this will make everything clear.”  Keir quivered like a nervous horse as the servant touched his glowing hand to the boy’s shoulder, but the moment he did so, Keir fell to the floor, clutching his head.  
Staring up with wide eyes, he demanded, “what did you do?”
Jared frowned, “what do you mean?”
“I can make no sense of the things flashing through my mind!  I may well go mad!” said the boy in dismay.  Jared sent another pulse of light into the addled boy’s shoulder and suddenly the fear and confusion were gone from his eyes.  “Much better!” said the boy with a sudden grin.  He turned to face his dearest friend and the Captain of the Shadow, crisply saluting the latter, “am I at last fit for duty, sir?”
Jared returned the gesture and smiled amusedly, “that you are lad, but first you need to find your mentor.”
Keir shook his head, as if to clear it, frowning he said, “so it was not all a horrid dream!”
Jared said, “nay lad, but you must tell us of your adventures if we are to help you with your next quest.”  He told them the full tale, still astonished at it himself, but quite pleased that he left Bren gaping and even caused the Captain’s eyes to widen on occasion though otherwise he showed no outward sign of surprise.  Jared shook his head, “you and Jace deserve each other!  And you were completely oblivious to your true nature at the time!  However did you reconcile it all?”
Keir smiled wryly, “I didn’t, I didn’t know what was real and what was a dream, had I thought too much upon it, I might well have gone mad.  You saw the state I was in.”
Jared nodded, “a pitiful state indeed, but you no longer need worry that you lack either a place or a purpose.”  He grimaced, “nor that adventure will find you on a regular basis.”
Keir turned to Bren, “I am sorry I did not believe you.”
Bren burst out laughing, “it has been amusing watching you flounder about obliviously these past months, but I am glad you no longer linger in the vale of doubt and fear.  I will miss you.”
Keir frowned, “what are you talking about?  We will ever be friends!”
“Yes,” said Bren, “but our duties will soon draw us apart and you tread a path I can never follow.  My entire span of days, even if I live to the ripe old age of three hundred, will be nothing to yours!  All too soon, I shall be naught but a memory to you.”
Keir turned horrified eyes upon the Captain, who nodded grimly, “it is the price of our service lad.  Immortality is not necessarily as glamorous as mortal men assume it must be.  But you can always Go.”
Bren smiled sadly, “I suppose we’ll meet again in the Master’s bright country or one day when time is no more, and then what are a few millennia between friends?”
“Precisely,” said Jared with a hearty smile, “time is a mortal concept, not something that need trouble an immortal soul.  A fish is not concerned about the water in which he lives, neither should time press so heavily upon those of us whose hope is in the Master.”
Keir nodded thoughtfully and then smiled wryly, “I suppose I will have much to learn about what this new life truly means, hence my apprenticeship.  Now what of my master?”
Jared shook his head, “I sent Jace and Cieren after you and the sword, respectively.  Just this morning actually.”
Keir frowned, “but with all that happened, how is that even possible?”
Jared grinned, “just another thing you will have to learn about the Shadow lad, you can be active in two places at the same time.  We are no longer captives of either time or space, at least if our duties require it to be so.”
Keir looked as if his head ached, “then how is it you know Jace is in trouble?”  He smiled in spite of himself, “besides for his former apprentice turning on him, that is.”
Jared chuckled, “he is fully deserving of whatever fate befalls him.  His hands are red with the blood of most of his comrades.”
Bren rolled his eyes dramatically, “as if that makes any difference to a Shadow!”
“True,” smiled Jared, “but it is rather fun and dramatic to say.”
“You still have not answered my question,” said Keir anxiously, “how do you know Jace is in trouble?”
Jared shrugged, “I just know lad, and that you’ll have to trust.”
Keir smiled, “just as Cieren told me to trust him right before he ran me through?”
“Precisely,” said Jared, “there are some things you cannot yet understand, perhaps never will, but you must still trust, especially Him whom we serve in this peculiar business.  I just know that it is time you had your wits restored and that you also need to go find your tardy mentor.  He’s undoubtedly embroiled himself in some fey adventure and will need your help extracting himself therefrom.”
“What of the Nameless One,” said Keir tremulously, “we certainly have no power over that Fiend!  I do not doubt he will still hold a grudge.”
Jared nodded, “he is not ours to fight but rather our Master’s, content yourself with less exciting foes.  As to his wrath, he undoubtedly holds such a grudge against all of the Shadow, yet our Master will not allow his vengeance to have any lasting consequences.”  He smiled proudly, “you just earned his antipathy a little sooner than you otherwise would have.”
Keir frowned, “was I Called solely to save my life?”
“No,” said Jared thoughtfully, “you were Called earlier than usual that you might have the chance to answer, but your peril did not result in your Calling else we would have initiates coming out our ears if every man so threatened were thus rescued.”
Keir smiled eagerly, “I suppose I had best go rescue my mentor from whatever evil has befallen him.”
Jared laughed, “excellent, Jace needs someone to protect him, mostly from himself.  Off with you lad.”  He held up a glowing hand and the boy vanished in a flash of light.

“Where is they?” growled the grammatically inept villain at Jace, “We wants to get paid!  He said he was a prince and like to be king.”
Jace shook his head, “your master and his uncanny cronies are dead for dabbling in matters beyond their ken.”
“We ain’t gettin’ paid?” said the fiend morosely.
“No,” said Jace.
“All right,” said the man with a shrug as he tossed the captive to the ground.  He frowned and turned to face his prisoner once more, “what was that bright light up on the hill?”
Jace shook his head, “it was the power that destroyed your master and his eerie friends.”  He allowed a faint glow to suffuse his being, “and it is nothing to be trifled with.”
The four ragged men stepped back in terror, nodding their agreement.  Jace stood and took a step towards them but immediately crumpled with an arrow in his back.  One of the fiends smirked triumphantly before the villainous company vanished into the night.  That awful light flashed again in the distance, sending the bandits running all the faster from that cursed glade.  Keir found his dead mentor lying forgotten in the little dell and smiled eagerly.  He pulled the arrow free and touched the unmoving form with a glowing hand.
Jace started awake and smiled up into the face of his apprentice, groused he in amusement, “am I not supposed to be the one finding and rescuing you?”
Keir grinned, “not in this case, the Captain assured me that it was you that needed the looking after.”
Jace laughed as he gained his feet, “welcome to the Shadow lad.”  He smiled dryly, “you fit right in.”  They shared a merry laugh and then set off upon the next adventure that lay before them.

Sample Chapters of ‘Captain of Shadow,’ Book IV of  the ‘In Shadow’ series:

Prince Vayel sat his horse and smiled broadly as he surveyed the wide green land that spread out in all its bounteous splendor before him, for one day, all of this would be his.  Sighing contentedly, he turned his horse and carefully made his way down the precarious trail that led to the ridge from which he had just surveyed the realm of Adora, of which his father was King and he the crown Prince.  His heart, buoyant with the immortal joy of unspoiled youth and the hope of a bright future before him, he kicked his gelding to a cantor and turned towards home.  He had not gone far when the baying of hounds, the thunder of hooves, and the strident cry of a hunting horn broke the spell.  Wishing rather to gallop all the way home with none the wiser, he dutifully reined in his horse and allowed the hunting party to catch up, not surprised to see his cousin Flinn at the very heart of the mayhem, and from the way he swayed in his saddle and laughed insipidly at the least provocation, he was drunk as well, another fact that was far from surprising.
“Well, well,” giggled the noble youth, “if it isn’t my uptight, no nonsense cousin!  Finally taking a moment away from all your pressing and vital duties to actually enjoy the day?”  He smiled broadly at his companions, who were neither quite so brash nor so thoroughly inebriated as to dare making fun of such a personage as the Crown Prince.  Finding no help from that quarter, he returned his attention to his obviously vexed cousin, “aren’t you always lecturing me on how much of a waste just such activities are?”
The Prince said quietly, “a quiet ride in the country is a far cry from the spectacles you are wont to indulge in.”
“Spectacles!” squawked Flinn with a lopsided smile, “you hear that me lads!  I told you we was a sight to behold and here’s one as agrees with me no end!”  He hiccupped and was lost for a moment in mirth at some private joke, then sobering slightly, he saluted flamboyantly and said in parting, “let us not detain you then, my good sir, for we have more spectacle...spectaclating...spectulating....to do!”  He laid in his heels and the entire company had soon vanished amidst the woodland shadows.
Vayel shook his head sadly and continued his journey home, wondering what would come of such a dissolute lad; he had so much potential but squandered it on vain entertainments and drowned it in drink.  But the world was bright about him, as was the future before him, and even his cousin’s obnoxious insouciance could not long spoil his mood.  With a lighter heart, he continued on his way.  His horse snorted suddenly, stopping of his own accord, ears pricked and looking uneasily up the path.  Vayel frowned in consternation, but slid from his saddle, hand on his sword hilt, but drawn inexorably in the direction of whatever it was that had discomfited the horse.  He sighed in wonder, his hand falling away from his weapon even as he dropped to his knees in awe and no little fear.
“Walk with me, child,” came the gentle voice.  The boy was on his feet in a moment and walking silently beside the Great Unicorn, as He continued, “you are blessed with much.”  The boy nodded and He continued, “and you find great joy and contentment therein.”  The boy smiled wanly, wondering where his Master was going with this particular line of thought.  Suddenly the Unicorn stopped and turned to look upon the boy, who dropped to his knees in sudden, dreadful anticipation.  “What if you were to lose it all?” came the awful question.  The boy shuddered and He continued, “your beloved father, your reputation, the crown, even your life?”  The boy’s eyes were wide with terror, but He had not finished, “and all for the sake of one whose actions you despise above all else?”
Vayel shuddered, studying the leaf litter for a moment, and then glanced up uneasily into those fathomless eyes; he gasped in wonder and dread at the love and sorrow written therein even as his gaze fell upon the ever bleeding wound in His side, said he in a barely audible whisper, but had he said nothing at all, still He would have heard it, said the boy, “if it must be so, I will endure what I must, as You have endured far worse for my sake and that of all mankind.”  He looked up with pleading eyes, “does this mean there is hope for him?  That he will find meaning and purpose at last?  That he will use the gifts You have given him for the good of others?”
The Unicorn shook his head sadly, “there are no guarantees child, not where a human will is concerned.  He will certainly have every chance of making that choice, but it is his decision alone; I will not force My will upon him.”
Vayel sighed heavily, “then it could all be for naught.”
“Yes,” said the Unicorn sadly, glancing significantly at His own bleeding side, “there are many for whom the ultimate sacrifice is still not sufficient cause to look beyond themselves for purpose, direction, and meaning.”
The boy said in dismay, “but if this must be, what of the Kingdom?”
The Unicorn shook His great head, “nay child, that is not your concern.  You must accomplish the task that is set before you and trust the rest to Me.  I work all things together for good, though mortal minds cannot fathom it at the time, or even in long years afterward.  It will one day make sense, but for now, you must have faith.”
The boy looked up to ask another question, but it died on his lips, for the Unicorn was gone.  He stood slowly, his boyish enthusiasm forgotten, as if he were suddenly a very old man looking upon a looming winter that would never again yield to Spring’s bright caress, but a strange determination and courage had risen in his heart, knowing he must face the unthinkable yet knowing somehow, despite everything, in the end he would triumph, or rather his Master would, and in that, he took great comfort.  He returned to his horse, climbed into the saddle, and set off at a thoughtful walk.

“Oh, Highness!” came the aggrieved voice as Vayel rode into the courtyard of the castle, “you have returned at last!  The unthinkable has happened and we feared you too had somehow been caught up in this disaster, for your father the King,” the Steward stopped to take a deep, steadying breath before continuing, “your father is dead.”
The Prince’s eyes were wide and he nearly fell from his saddle in shock, though he had had warning of that which was to come, for he loved his father dearly; he was a great and gracious King, unrivaled in the history of Adora yet also the best of fathers, at least in Vayel’s opinion.  He bowed his head, offering up a hasty prayer for strength, and then shakily slid from his horse, said he quietly, “what happened?”
The Steward shook his head gravely, “we do not know.  He was in the best of spirits this morning, attending to his duties with his usual vigor, but after the noon meal, he withdrew to his chambers, begging illness.  When his valet went to waken him some hours later, he found him dead in his bed.  You too were missing at the time and near panic set in, but your uncle, the King’s brother, gravely called us all to order and said he would personally investigate the matter and that a patrol should be sent out to find you with all haste.  We have been anxiously watching and waiting ever since.”
Vayel shook his head, “these are grave tidings indeed, sir.  What is to come of the Crown?  I am not yet old enough, according to our laws, to ascend the throne?”
The Steward said rather hesitantly, “your uncle shall reign in your stead, until you are of age, and then it shall pass to you.”
“Very well,” said Vayel slowly, “could it have been murder?”
The Steward’s eyes widened and he glanced anxiously at the various occupants of the courtyard as Vayel suddenly understood that he should not have spoken such aloud in a public venue, for there would be rumors enough without him adding fuel to the fire.  Said the Steward quietly, “we know little thus far.”
Vayel brightened marginally, “what of my father’s Advisor from Astoria?  Certainly his wisdom would be of great value in this crisis.”
The Steward shook his head, “we cannot find him.  He vanished even more precipitously than you, at least none have seen him leave the castle proper, whereas a few guards and servants knew you were off riding in the woods.  It is all very disturbing and mysterious.”
“Of a certainty,” said the Prince with a frown, “I must speak to my uncle.”
The Steward shook his head, “it is not to be, Sire.  He wished to be apprised of your safe return but said he would be far too busy to speak with you this day, but he promised to summon you for an audience the first chance thereafter.”
“So there is nothing for me to do?  No service I could render?” asked Vayel in growing dismay, at least if he were busy about some needful task, perhaps the dreadful ache growing in his heart would not be near so noticeable.
The Steward said morosely, “I fear not Highness, save to mourn the loss of so great a man.”
And there was nothing to be done, at least by the Crown Prince, for the next three days thereafter, though the rest of the palace population was fairly busy with funeral preparations and the like.  His uncle’s investigation had turned up nothing, neither had the various doctors and apothecaries been able to discern the cause of death, so in due course, the King was buried and still the Regent had not spoken with his nephew, who could do naught but wander the corridors aimlessly or sit for hours on end in the library, a book forgotten in his lap.  Still the King’s Advisor did not appear, and the boy felt utterly alone and forgotten; worse, he knew this was only the beginning of terrible things to come.  His cousin on the other hand, went his way as blithely as ever, thoroughly enjoying the festivities and chaos surrounding a royal funeral but otherwise oblivious to the grievous blow that had been dealt to both the Kingdom as a whole and Vayel in particular.
As he sat in his chair in the abandoned library the night after the burial, gazing morosely into the fire, Vayel wondered if he had the heart to endure what was to come.  It all seemed so surreal and courageous, like something in one of the old tales, at least when in the Master’s very presence, but now that he was in the midst of it, he felt so small and frail and alone.  But he was not alone, and as he suddenly looked upon that awful Presence, he knew nothing more or perhaps was nothing more.  
He blinked groggily back to consciousness and glanced about him in dismay, wondering where he was.  It was completely dark, he stood suddenly and fell just as precipitously with a cry of pain, tentatively reaching a hand up to feel that on which he had nearly cracked his skull.  He felt a slanting roof of weathered wood and then sneezed violently, as his movements stirred up the dusty hay on which he lay.  With a grim smile, he had a very good idea where he was, but why and how?  Carefully, he crawled out of the forgotten loft, wherein he and his cousin had spent many happy hours as children, their parents being blissfully unaware of their unseemly antics, but so familiar was the hayloft in the old stable that he easily found his way down, even in the utter dark.  Shakily, he set both his feet on the ground and leant heavily against the rough hewn and partially rotten wood of the walls.  He took a deep breath and a small step, repeating the process until he stood at last in the courtyard under all the stars of heaven.  He marveled at their stark beauty for a moment before the world was all darkness once more.
He awoke with a headache, not induced solely by his encounter with the stable roof, and groaned as he rolled into a sitting position.  He opened his eyes and stared directly into the horrified face of one of his father’s guardsmen.  He frowned and glanced about, wondering what could precipitate the man’s look of utter disgust and shock.  Vayel’s face was suddenly a perfect imitation of the guard’s, for the missing man from Astoria lay in a pool of his own blood, his throat cut, not an arm’s length from the horrified boy, and only then did Vayel realize he clutched a bloody dagger in his own hand.  The blackness was immediately upon him once more.
He awoke to find a half dozen of his father’s guards gathered around him, their captain splashing cold water on the boy’s face, trying to rouse him from his faint.  As he blinked back to the horrifying reality that was his life at that moment, the guard asked, “what happened here?”  The boy shook his head, unable to speak in shock and horror and confusion; the man had been a friend and mentor, to lose him so soon after his father’s death only added salt to the gaping wound that was his heart.  “I’m afraid we’ll have to take this matter to the Regent immediately, Sire,” said the uneasy guardsman, “I hope you won’t make a fuss?”
The boy gaped, they thought he was responsible for this despicable deed!  He sighed heavily and shook his head morosely, allowing them to lift him to his feet and get him settled on a horse.  They likewise loaded up the dead man and returned to the castle as fast as their prisoner and grim burden would allow.  
The Regent paced before them in dismay, occasionally glancing at Vayel in horror and disgust, “where have we failed you?  How could you have gone so wrong?”
Vayel frowned, speaking at last, “of what do you speak, Sir?”
His uncle spitted him with a furious glare, “blood magic!  Do not dare feign ignorance!  You will be the ruin of the entire Kingdom, a Kingdom which would have been rightfully yours had you but waited for your father to die naturally, rather than viciously cutting short his life with your vile sorcery!”
Vayel gaped, “how can you make such an accusation, Sir?”
The Regent shook his head, in grave disappointment, “you are covered in the evidence.  You were caught in the very act.  How else would you explain your father’s mysterious death?”
Vayel’s shoulders slumped as he studied the guards, courtiers, and servants standing in the courtyard about him, nodding slowly or exchanging grim, knowing looks with their fellows.  He did not know what had happened, but he had no evidence to the contrary, though he knew the accusations were utterly false, he had no way to prove it and it seemed the court had already accepted his uncle’s grim view of things.  Thus perished his reputation and all hope of ever gaining the crown, all he had left to him was his life, and that too his uncle seemed intent on stripping away as soon as possible.
Said the Regent in grim finality, “the punishment for such grievous crimes can only be death, only thereby may we spare the Kingdom from the Master’s incumbent wrath.”  He smiled slightly in cruel glee, “of course we will have to make it a public execution and a grisly one at that, as befits treason of this magnitude.”
Vayel suddenly straightened and glared at his uncle, he might be a dead man, but he would not go quietly to his grave, “I will appeal my case to the Lady of Astoria.”
The Regent looked rather surprised at this sudden outburst from the condemned, but shrugged as if it mattered little, “let it be as you wish it, it is your right after all.  Flinn!”
The Regent’s only child crept out of the crowd of courtiers and quavered, “yes, Sire?”
“You will take this villain to Astoria and see that justice is done,” growled the Regent.  He turned to the guardsman that had discovered the ghastly scene, “accompany the Prince and the prisoner to Astoria, Captain.”  With a final glare for Vayel, he turned suddenly on his heel and marched into the castle, leaving all and sundry to gape like stranded fish.
Flinn gave his cousin an irate frown, “just like you to continue ruining my fun!”
Vayel gaped, “my father has just died mysteriously and I am condemned to death for the murder of a man I held almost as dear and all you can do is grouse about your spoiled pleasantries?”
Flinn shrugged uneasily, “why should I care or be so ill used?  It has nothing to do with me!”
Vayel said gravely, “with me and my father out of the way, you are next in line for the crown, thus it involves you deeply, whether you would or not.”
Flinn mouthed an astonished ‘oh,’ and then turned his consternation into a hasty order to begin preparations to leave.  The guardsmen and servants scattered in every direction while the courtiers stood off to the side and whispered eagerly amongst themselves.  The captain stood beside Flinn, a length of rope in his hands, “shall we bind him, Sire?”
Flinn blanched at both the new title and the responsibilities inherent therein and said anxiously, “do as you think you must, Captain.”  He stalked off towards the stable, hoping to escape all such entanglements for a few moments, uneasy with so much responsibility so suddenly thrust upon him.  Vayel sighed sadly at his cousin’s retreating back and then offered his hands to the stymied captain that he might bind them, as he seemed to think necessary.
They were off well before midday, Flinn slouching in his saddle and grumbling under his breath, apparently sulking at the dreadful reality in which he now found himself while Vayel felt a strange sort of peace settle upon him, knowing all would soon be over, one way or another.  The guards rode ahead of and behind the cousins, glancing uneasily amongst themselves, unsure what they thought of the entire situation but doing their duty as best they could.  Either the former prince was a traitor of the worst sort or justice had been grievously denied him, either way, they were quite discomfited by their predicament and the new prince did nothing to relieve them of their apprehension.
So did the disconsolate little party travel, lost in their own thoughts and misgivings, wondering what would come of the matter when at last the Lady passed judgment.  The courtiers watched them ride off with malicious smiles and gloating sneers whilst the townsfolk watched with grim eyes, wondering what was to come of the Kingdom itself in such a circumstance.  Vayel was very glad when the woods closed in around them and hid them from curious and speculative eyes.  Strangely, Flinn was the one who seemed to be wrestling with the inevitability of the situation rather than the one condemned to death.  Hardly a word was spoken between any of them on the entire interminable journey.
At last, Astoria lay before them and all rejoiced at the sight thereof, hoping it would yield answers that weeks of constant worry and contemplation had not.  The captain of the guard announced their business at the castle gates, seeing as how the Prince would not or perhaps could not, for he was nearly catatonic as he continued to mull over this disturbing shift in his destiny.  The Lady saw them immediately and heard their various stories, at least from Vayel and the guardsman, Flinn took little interest in the proceedings.  At last, the Lady withdrew with several of her advisors and said grimly, “the evidence is both condemning yet highly circumstantial!  Can we condemn the boy to death as easily as his uncle has done?”
Jared shook his head gravely, “you have not said all, my Lady, nor asked him directly if he committed this grievous crime.”
She frowned at him and his seeming ability to read her mind, “I have no choice in the matter; the boy must die, regardless.”
Jared nodded, “my thoughts exactly.”
Her frown became thoughtful, “there is more to this than I yet realize, isn’t there?”
Jared smiled grimly, “far more than any of us can yet comprehend, my Lady.”
She nodded, “do what you must.”  He bowed deeply and they returned to the main audience chamber, those gathered therein impatiently awaiting the verdict.  Said she heavily, “I must condemn you to death.”  The boy bowed his head in simple acceptance while his cousin took the news as if it were his own sentence, slumping dejectedly into a chair and refusing even to look up.  She turned to Jared and nodded, “and the sentence will be carried out immediately.”  The boy nodded and allowed the servant and one of the Brethren to lead him away.  Flinn did not even look up as he passed.  The guard watched him go with stony contempt and then turned to attend to his aggrieved lord.
They led him to the furthest corner of the dungeons and he knelt with his head over the block as the axe was raised, said a strangely jubilant voice as the axe fell, “this is only the beginning lad.”  As it found its mark, an awful light filled the grim little room, obliterating all therein.  The axe fell to the floor with a sharp clang as the hands that held it vanished along with its intended victim.

Chapter 2:

“My life is over!” bemoaned Prince Flinn as the captain of his guard approached, concern on his face, the comment causing him to frown slightly in consternation, but the grimace was just as quickly hidden.  “Now all hope is lost,” said he morosely as Vayel was led away, “I had hoped the Lady would grant him a reprieve, and then we could all go home and things could get back to normal.  What am I to do with all this responsibility that has been thrust upon me?”
The captain said cautiously, “it is not my place to either question or advise you Sire, unless you specifically ask me for such, but it would seem to me that this place is ideal for learning just that.”
The Prince slumped back into his chair and groaned, “an education?!  What fun is there in that?”
The guard suddenly drew back and bowed deeply, causing the Prince to sit up straight and glance in the direction the anxious guard was looking, only to see the Lady herself approaching the distraught Prince.  He hastily shot to his feet and offered her a clumsy courtesy, wondering exactly what degree of formality was required from a person of his rank to hers under the prevailing circumstances, Vayel would know, but the fool was probably dead by now, some help he was!  She studied him for a very long moment with her far too keen eyes, making Flinn feel a mouse under a hawk’s gaze, at last she spoke quietly, “what is happening in Adora, Sire?  Might we be of assistance?  You seem quite ill at ease yourself, but I suppose such a fate befalling your cousin and uncle in quick succession must be unpleasant indeed.”
Unpleasant?  For whom, him?  He frowned at this thought, he supposed he should feel a little sympathy on their behalf, but he had enough problems of his own to worry about that wasting pity on dead men seemed rather pointless.  He said slowly, “I don’t know if you can help me or not, for you see, the thing that most troubles me is that now that my father is King, I am heir to the throne and all that responsibility is not something I want.  It was quite unfair of my uncle to go and die suddenly and even worse of my cousin to go meddling in things that could get him killed.  I don’t know what to do!”
The Lady frowned, “it all seems rather suspicious to me.  Perhaps I should send one of my servants to investigate these mysterious happenings, and until we know your father isn’t involved in anything nefarious, perhaps you had best remain here, Highness.  You need not attend classes or formally enroll as a Student if that is not of interest to you, but I would advise that you not venture home until this matter is resolved.  Perhaps your cousin was truly the villain behind it all, but I begin to think he was as much a victim as his father and my murdered servant.”
Flinn gaped, “but you just sent him to his death!  Now you think him innocent?  Are you mad?  That was my last, best hope of escaping this unendurable fate!”  She frowned at his thoughtless words, but he continued unheeding, “but perhaps you are right, I am in desperate need of sanctuary at the moment, yes, sanctuary is just the thing.  When’s lunch?”
It took all her long years of practicing patience not to throttle the young man before her or to gape openly at his thoughtlessness.  Said she as calmly as she could muster, “you may eat as soon as this interview is finished, as to your cousin’s fate, that is a matter strictly between himself and the Master and has nothing whatsoever to do with my feelings upon the matter.  Welcome to Astoria, your Highness.  I will dispatch one of my best agents to your Kingdom immediately that this matter may be rectified as soon as possible.  Good day!”  She nodded briefly in farewell and hied herself quickly from the room, leaving the guard to exchange a wondering look with the baffled prince.  A servant entered soon thereafter to get the boy settled, he followed silently after, too confounded to say anything.

The Regent watched his nephew and his own fool of a son ride off with their escort from a window high up in one of the towers, a malicious smile on his face, at last, he could attend to the business of ruling the Kingdom.  He would have enjoyed watching the boy die before the entire Kingdom, but perhaps it was just as well he died quietly in a foreign land, the sooner to be forgotten.  As to his own heir, he little cared what came of the fool boy, just as long as he was not bothering his father, not that he really needed an heir as he intended to live forever.  Now all he need do was watch for the Lady’s agent that would undoubtedly be dispatched to investigate the mysterious happenings in Adora.  He did not doubt the boy would die, it had been promised to him, even the Lady of Astoria could not thwart the boy’s destiny or the source of such a prophecy.  His smile deepened as he turned from the window to get down to the glorious business of actually being King.

Lose everything indeed!  The creature studied itself curiously, not in horror as might be expected at such a radical transformation, but calmly and with no little amusement, though it seemed to be wrought entirely of dark mist when once he had been a very Prince of the Realm.  But what were mortal Kingdoms to this?  The only part of himself, at least that he could see, that was not shadow incarnate was a small silver unicorn glinting with its own light on his right palm.  That was the reason he could smile, even when he lacked the features to do so, for it was the Mark of the One to whom he belonged, and never could he be snatched from that great and mighty hand, no matter what strange adventures befell him.
He remembered hearing someone whisper that the adventure was only begun right before that dreadful light was unleashed and then he knew nothing but Light.  He remembered that Light, it was the same that had consumed him utterly one fateful night in the library, a Light more glorious than life itself.  He glanced down in wonder, his shadowy visage had vanished and his entire being pulsed with that deadly Light.  With a thought, he garbed himself again in darkness and frowned, this would never do!  It suddenly occurred to him that he was also the source of that all-consuming radiance in the dungeons of Astoria.  He must learn to control himself, whatever he was now.  For a moment he wondered what had happened to the two men in the dungeons with him, they could not have survived such a display, but then at least one of them knew things were not as they seemed.  He smiled eagerly, he was not alone, whatever this new adventure was.  Suddenly he felt himself inexplicably dissolving and the Light that wrought his very being threatened to break forth once more, but with a thought, he schooled it to quiescence and allowed himself to evaporate.
He reappeared, still a wraithlike shadow, in a very familiar place.  A figure clad in the livery of Adora stood propping the small kitchen gate open and was motioning frantically at him.  With another frown, he approached the odd servant and entered the castle proper as the man quickly secured the gate behind him.  “This way shadow,” growled the man, “my master does not like to be kept waiting.”  Vayel hissed quietly but refrained from comment as he followed the villainous looking fellow high up into the utmost towers of the keep, higher than he had ever gone before, even as an adventure bent lad of seven exploring the various nooks and crannies of the ancient castle.  The minion knocked upon a certain door in a certain way, opened it when bidden to do so, and then motioned that the wraith should enter alone, fleeing the moment he closed the door behind the shadow.
Vayel’s uncle turned from his study of the fire and eyed the shadow speculatively, “what took you so long?”
“We come when it suits us,” hissed the shadow, not quite sure from whence the words sprang.
“So be it,” sighed the Regent, “I have a job for you.”
“Obviously,” snarled the wraith, “else you would not have sent for me.”
“I tire of your insolence, shade,” snapped the King, “go to Astoria, find my fool of a son, and either corrupt him or destroy him, I care not which.”
“With pleasure,” hissed the wraith as it fled out the window, leaving the Regent to his study of the flames.  Vayel grinned, it would be a pleasure indeed to try corrupting the hedonistic boy, and if he succeeded, perhaps he would make a proper King after all.  He felt himself dissolving again and this time the light did not stir, for there was no panic or unease this time around.  His smile deepened, could he be getting used to this strange new occupation?

Vayel reappeared again in the dungeons of Astoria, he just had time to register that fact before he felt a piercing pain in his chest and fell again into darkness.  Baye looked at Jared with a raised eyebrow and a quizzical expression on his face as the sword in the servant’s hands vanished, “was that necessary?”
Jared grinned broadly, “yes, I had to verify that he could control himself.”
Baye smiled reminiscently, remembering his own turn teaching that particular skill to his various apprentices, said he with a thoughtful nod, “it seems he can, but how did he learn that particular skill with none to teach him?”
Jared smiled mysteriously, “perhaps he is of a more thoughtful turn of mind than the rest of you rapscallions that currently comprise the Shadow.”
Baye eyed his old friend in some surprise, “what are you not telling me?”
Jared sighed heavily as he knelt beside the prone form, looking up at Baye he said quietly, “it has been a very long time, far too long.”
Baye nodded and then smiled sadly, “I understand.”  He frowned at the boy, “why not choose a replacement from within the Shadow?”
Jared shook his head as he sent a pulse of light into the inert form, “I have no more say in the matter than any of the Brethren do in the selection of a new Lady of Astoria.”  As the boy stirred and sat up with a groan, Jared stood and took a step back to stand beside Baye.  
The boy studied them curiously, a slight, eager smile on his face, said he at last, “can someone please explain what is going on here?”
His elders burst out laughing at his perplexity and eagerness, but Jared quickly gained control of his mirth, though the corners of his mouth kept twitching inexplicably, said he, “it has certainly been a strange time for you no doubt, but at last you will have answers.”  As the boy gained his feet, the Captain of the Shadow continued wryly, “and I promise not to assault you with any sharp pointy objects, at least for the next few minutes.”
Vayel’s smile deepened as he caught the Captain’s mood, said he, “I would appreciate that.”  He studied what he could see of himself and asked, “I am myself again?”
Baye grinned, “you have always been yourself, you can never be anything but, but yes, you currently look like the boy you once were.”
“Were?” asked Vayel in growing excitement “if I am no longer a boy, what then am I?”
Jared gave his old friend a patient look, “you were and are and ever will be a man, but what he means is that you have become a Shadow, a mortal man no longer, but still a man, save with a few useful talents.”
Vayel shook his head, “I little understand.”
“I know,” said Jared, “your recruitment was not done in the usual manner, but you’ll quickly learn and I dare say you won’t be disappointed.”  
Vayel grinned, “so far it has been one strange adventure, but certainly interesting.”  He frowned at the axe where it lay on the floor, “why all the sharp pointy objects and their use upon my person?”
Jared shrugged, “upon your arrival, I had to verify that you could control the light within you, no matter what, lest you prove a danger to others, and you certainly proved your ability to do just that.  As for the Lady’s decree to have your head off,” he smiled wryly, “none of us thought you guilty of murder or blood magic, but we just knew it had to be done.  It wasn’t the first time in the history of the Shadow where a man has been executed as a necessary part of his duties.”  As the boy’s consternation deepened, he continued, “and don’t ask us why, none of us have an answer, at least not yet.  Get used to it, sometimes your adventures and duties will not make a whole lot of sense but you still must be about them.”
Vayel nodded slowly, “it will not be the first time, but if the Master has demonstrated anything, it is that I can trust Him, no matter what.”  He grinned, “He promised me death and heartache and infamy, all of which came to pass, but He has also blessed me in the midst of my sorrow, more than I can even begin to comprehend.  What now?”
Jared answered, “you’ll be apprenticing with me, which will be a little awkward as I am not an officially recognized member of the Brethren.  The servants don’t usually take on apprentices, but I think a servant of my standing can have a page at his beck and call.”
Vayel smiled at the irony, “I was once the Crown Prince of Adora and now I’m naught but the servant of a servant in Astoria?”
Jared chuckled, “I am the very Captain of the Shadow lad, yet I spend my days as a mere servant, but are we not all servants of the Master?”
“Quite,” said Vayel, “but I also have a mission.”
“All the better,” said Jared, “it will help keep you out of mischief whilst I’m busy elsewhere.”
Baye frowned, “isn’t he supposed to be dead?”
Jared grinned, “none but the Lady, his cousin, the captain of the Prince’s guard, and we know anything of that.  I don’t think it will pose too much of a problem, besides, he needs to go about as himself if he is to accomplish what he must with his cousin.”  He eyed the boy’s bloody and tattered tunic, “but you’d best do something about your appearance before we can be seen in decent company.”
Baye laughed, “I always knew we weren’t quite what the social elite would consider proper, no wonder I never get invited to fancy dinner parties.”
The boy studied his ruined clothes, concentrated for a moment, and suddenly the blood was gone and the tattered fabric was whole once more.  He exchanged an eager look with Jared, who said with a smile, “if only it were that easy to get stains out of the carpet.”
Baye rolled his eyes emphatically, “spoken like a true servant!”
Jared gave him a reproving look, but ruined the effect with a smile, “perhaps that shall be your next adventure, sir: removing red wine stains from a white carpet.”
Baye grimaced, “I thought Jace was the one who regularly accomplishes the impossible.”
Jared smiled wickedly, “I’ll keep that in mind.”

They left the back room, ghosted through the cellblock, and then ascended the stairs back to the castle proper.  As Vayel exited the dungeons, he froze and gasped, “Anne?!”
A young woman stood in the corridor, her eyes wide with surprise and joy as she studied the boy before her, a quizzical smile graced her lips as she said, “I thought never to see you again and here you are running about in a servant’s livery?”
Jared gave the boy a knowing smile, “set your friend’s heart at ease and find me when you are finished.”  
The boy bobbed an awkward bow as the elder Shadows meandered off and then turned to face his companion, said he, his face growing warm, “perhaps we should find a place to talk?”  She nodded, giving him that smug, knowing smile that had always infuriated and bewitched him all at the same time, and taking his hand, she led him off to the wide, walled in lawn that abutted the courtyard, where they might sit at leisure under the great trees and chat as they would.
Once they were settled, she said demurely, “I followed you.  My father has continuously urged me to come to Astoria to study, so I thought this an opportune time to heed him.”
Vayel frowned, “he only wanted you to do that so we’d be away from one another, in hopes I’d fall for your eldest sister.”
She smiled impishly, “I didn’t exactly ask his permission before leaving but rather left a hasty note and hied myself hither as quickly as I could.  I arrived just after you did, but was detained at the gate while you were taken immediately to the Lady.  The next thing I saw was you accompanying those men through that door.  What happened?  Now here you are, guised as a servant of all things!”
Vayel smiled sheepishly, “it is a long and strange story,” he frowned, “and much of it I cannot tell you, nor would you believe it if I could.”  He sadly met her gaze, “we cannot be as we once were.”
She studied her hands resting in her lap for a moment and then looked up, “I know, I spent the journey here resigning myself to that fact.  I was horrified when your uncle...but never mind, I was heartened when you asked that the Lady review your case and followed you here.  But even if the Lady has decried you innocent, you can never return and claim the crown, for the people will never accept you after what your uncle said nor is the Regent likely to give up the crown now that he has it.  But why become a servant?  Rather, why not study what you must and then join the Brethren?”
Vayel smiled warmly at her, “things are rather complicated, Anne, but do not fear that I have made this choice solely out of desperation, I know you don’t understand, but I am content with my circumstances, nay rather I am quite eager to see what the future holds.”  He sobered, “but we cannot leave Adora in the hands of my uncle, he is a murderer and a warlock.”
She smiled wryly, “the very things he accused you of being.  But who will assume the crown?”
Vayel sighed deeply, “Flinn, at least if we can convince him to do something useful with his life.”
Anne giggled at this, “he is not a bad fellow, but getting out of bed in the morning is the most he has ever learned about duty and responsibility.”
Vayel said in a conspiratorial whisper, “do you want to help me subvert him?”
She clapped her hands together and said eagerly, “I would love nothing more.  Can it be done?”
Vayel smiled scandalously, “he has to make that decision himself, but we’ll do everything in our power to encourage him to do just that.”

Baye and Jared returned promptly to the Lady’s main audience chamber, but she was not there, rather she had withdrawn to a small sitting room where she stood staring out the window, leaning heavily upon the sill.  She drew away from the window and turned to face them as they entered, said she heavily, “it is done then?”
Jared smiled, “yes and no.”  She frowned at him and he clarified, “the boy is a Shadow, Lady, you did not send him to an untimely death, in fact, he still walks the keep in his original likeness.”  She actually gaped at him, and he shook his head, “why was it necessary?  Even I do not know the answer to that, but it was and perhaps time will reveal the reason.”
She nodded slowly, feeling as if a great weight had been taken from her shoulders, said she with irony strong in her voice, “now what are your orders pertaining to this particular lad, Captain?”
Jared smiled wryly, “he will actually be my apprentice,” he paused both to gather his thoughts and to allow the Lady to absorb the news, before saying, “and eventually my replacement.”
She looked at him a bit sadly, “you will Go, then?”
Jared barked a laugh, “come Lady, it is not so grievous a loss as all that, it well may be another hundred years or more, before I actually Go, but I have been at this since the world began!”
“I see your point,” said she, “but even with all the grief and trouble you cause me, I will miss you.”
Jared bowed, “that is good to know my Lady, for I often fear I am more trouble than I am worth.”
She frowned, “how is a servant going to have an apprentice?”
Jared smiled eagerly, “I hope you do not mind, but I have taken him on as my personal page.”
She nodded, “that will suffice, at least until the other servants decide they want to have one too.”
The Captain grinned wryly, “they won’t be able to afford one, not with what you pay them; my minion works for nothing.”  
She opened her mouth to protest that the servants were paid quite well, but it was certainly not enough to hire their own servants.  She closed her mouth and said with a smile, “very well Captain, see to your minion.”  She turned to Baye, “you had best go see what is happening in Adora.”  The men bowed and withdrew, talking quietly together while the Lady turned back to her window, her heart lighter by far than when they had entered.



Other Books by this Author:

The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book I and II
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book III
The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV and V
Once a Thief
A Song of Lesser Days
Thus It Began
Legends of the Brethren: The Sampler
Legends of the Brethren: The Complete Series
In Shadow

Of Tea... and Things

The Greylands
The Foibles
Over the Hills and Far Away

Want to Know More?:
Official Website
Author’s Blog

In Which Miss Iris Misses Tea
Excerpt from ‘Of Tea... and Things’

There she stood in her second best dress on the front steps of her husband’s marvelous and imposing townhouse, clutching the most disreputable portmanteau in the staff’s possession, or at least the most scandalous specimen that could be procured on short notice.  She would not even have been allowed to keep the dress, had it not been considered quite improper to allow her back inside to change into something less grand.  She had never imagined when she had stepped out that morning to make a call upon a certain influential social matron that she would be facing such a crisis upon her return, had she known that to be the case, she at least would have worn her Best Dress, a scandal in its own right certainly, but one easily overlooked in the even deeper scandal that had washed over her with all the rage and suddenness of a tsunami.  Of course she had never worn the Best Dress, no one did, not unless the Queen herself happened to stop by unannounced for tea!  Her current surprise was no less had that been the shock awaiting her but it was certainly far less pleasant, or so she assumed, never having had tea with Her Majesty, she could not be quite certain, but she thought it was at least probable.
She tried to plead again with the dour faced butler but he only shook his head grimly and pointed harshly down the road, as if she were naught but a beggar woman squatting upon the doorstep rather than his mistress of a decade.  Former mistress it seemed.  Said the appalled housekeeper, from behind the grim brute of a butler who seemed suddenly all brawny shoulders, a feature she had never before paid much heed, “move along miss, it would not do to make a scene.”
With a final sigh, her shoulders slumping and her elegant train trailing dejectedly after her, Iris descended the proud and fashionable steps, wondering what the society papers would say on the morrow and how many hidden eyes were watching from behind seemingly vacant windows.  There was no sense arguing, it was just the way things were.  She had forgotten, well she knew this day might come, but she had hoped something would happen to spare her such an ignomious fate, that her husband’s fondness for her would somehow protect her, that he might forget, but it seemed that he had not and no amount of love, however inordinate, could make up for the indignity she had caused him, the insult was unforgivable and imperiling his family line as she had was perhaps the greatest indignity of all, if not a crime in and of itself.
‘Miss,’ the word haunted her, she who had only that morning stepped out as Mrs. Iris Andromeda Baren Candor Donaldo Eveleff Garand Hatt Indigo...Zebula.  Twenty-six surnames, one for each letter of the alphabet, outlining her husband’s extensive, impressive, and most ancient lineage, but now she was simply ‘miss.’  She opened the bag hopefully, for perhaps her future lay therein, but there was nothing within, save a few sentimental knickknacks she had brought with her upon her most fortuitous marriage.  Once fabulously wealthy, her material worth was now as diminished as her name.  She had a few coins about her person, a surplus of lace handkerchiefs, and a fan, but nothing else save the clothes on her back and the hat on her head.  Perhaps she could still return home, she doubted it, but it was the only thing she could think of to spare herself from an even less desirable fate.
She raised a hand to hail a cab, a thing no proper lady would do, for that is what one had servants for, so it took no little time to actually attract that attention of a driver and get him to pull his overworked nag over to the side of the pavement whereon her former ladyship stood.  They assumed she was having a fit or communicating with some other personage or fainting or something appropriately ladylike, not trying to get the attention of such a loathsome creature as a cabby.  But at last someone did dare to thwart all common reason and social propriety and pulled over to see what the perplexing dame was up to, but not before a rather scandalous looking person, who made Iris’s skin crawl even at a distance, sidled up to her most knowingly and said in very familiar tones, “there’s but one thing for you to do miss, you’re still a pretty-ish thing, and don’t you worry, we’ll be waiting when you finally resign yourself to reality.”  He winked at her in a most reprehensible fashion and then slouched off rather too smugly for anyone’s comfort but his own.
Iris shuddered in revulsion as she climbed into the cab, gave her address, and tried not to think as they rolled off in the direction of her childhood home.  She couldn’t, absolutely not!  But if her parents likewise disowned her, it would be her only option.  But no, they wouldn’t, they couldn’t!  But they did.  The cab drew up in a very unfashionable part of town and she paid him his fare, all she had left and with nothing extra for his trouble.  She couldn’t tell if he was angry, scandalized, or seemed to understand her plight, so blank were his face and eyes, the result of a lifetime of carrying to and fro those whose business was none of his.  The vehicle rattled off and she prepared to face her parents, hoping against hope that they would not see things as all of society did, that this scandal was none of her own doing, but they undoubtedly would.
Her father was a craftsman, he worked with his hands, and while he made a good living for his large family, such a family was not likely to be the source of a bride for one of society’s elite; it just wasn’t done.  So it was quite the fairy tale to those who knew the family, and quite the scandal to everyone else, when his Lordship had chosen Iris to be his bride.  It was the habit of some of the great lords’ sons and certain wealthy young bucks to go ‘slumming’ amid the lower classes as both a form of amusement and a means of temporally escaping the stuffy and inflexible world into which they had been born.  They’d don ‘rough’ clothes and attend a public ball in the less affluent parts of town and dance the night away with many a miller’s daughter and tradesman’s niece.  It was in just such an environment that Iris met her husband, well former husband, and he was so taken with her that he insisted on marrying her.
Many insisted that he would one day rue his choice, mostly those with eligible daughters of their own, and today seemed to be proving them right.  She was neither rich nor powerful nor did she know anyone who was, but her family was respectable, if middle class, but most importantly, she came of a large and healthy family.  Her mother had been prolific in the production of children and he had no doubt that it was a trait his admired lady would likewise possess.  So they were married, much to the delight of everyone who had any care or love for the happiness of those involved, but all others were appalled, most especially his peers and relations.  Gradually they got used to the idea and the scandalized talk and impolite remarks vanished into the background as other, more interesting scandals arose to replace them, but they would no doubt spring back to life after today’s little affair.
It was exactly ten years and nine months to the day since she wed what she thought was the love of her life, but here she stood outside the door of her childhood home, hoping that her parents would welcome her home once more.  But the unemotional maid that answered the door did not look like a bearer of gladsome tidings, said she in a scandalized tone, “please come round to the back, miss, the front door is only for proper visitors.”
Ugh!  At least they answered the door, perhaps they just wanted to avoid more public scandal, best to keep this affair away from prying eyes in any case.  She hustled to the door that opened off a side alley into the kitchens, hoping to find peace at last, but she was merely handed a few table scraps for her trouble and told that the master of the house, though not unkindly, was not prone to humor beggars who repeatedly accosted his servants.  Beggar?!  But in truth that’s what she was, she had dared marry into one of the Great Families, and in failing to uphold her part of the bargain, after the legally prescribed period, she was cast back into the street, and having thus embarrassed herself and all the Greats so thoroughly, her family dared not offer her succor, lest they seem complicit in the eyes of all society in this most unfortunate affair.  There were also yet children at home and the presence of such a specter lurking about the house would undoubtedly affect their chances of marrying well, or at all.  To them and all society, it was as if she had never been.  She wasn’t even considered as one dead, one who at least had lived and would be missed, rather she no longer existed and never had.
What was left to her?  She considered the filthy and disreputable man who had accosted her, almost as dreadful as her handbag, but she shuddered in disgust, she’d rather starve!  Staring down bleakly at her meager handful of scraps, the only legacy her parents would bequeath her, she knew she very well might.  But it would be far better to die an honest, though wretched death, than to play the harlot for her bread.  But was there no other choice?  She sighed heavily as she slunk out of the alley, little heeding where she was going but knowing she could no longer remain where she was, all of her attention was focused inward on the disaster that was now her life.
It wasn’t her fault, or so she hoped, she really didn’t mean to be barren, she came of fruitful stock on both sides, but in those ten years and nine months, she had never given her husband even the hope of a child.  But as far as society saw it, she had deceived him, wasted precious time in which he might have been fathering children, endangered the stability of the family line, for what would happen if he died without leaving children?  She did have to smile, in a grim and ironic sort of way, that she had had ten years and nine months, just in case she happened to conceive on the last day of the prescribed ten years, you never could tell, but as she had not produced an heir in the final nine months either, she was unceremoniously cast from her home and society, driven from safety and security like a common thief.  And now her only hope was to become a harlot, this too elicited that grimly amused smile, for what safer woman for such a job?  There being so slight a chance of producing bastard children and the lady herself being cast out of all decent society, in desperate need of both sustenance and protection.
Better to face the Wilds than suffer such a fate!  She stood on the edge of town, her unwitting wanderings having brought her thus, near one of the great gates that opened in the wall surrounding the city and allowed traffic in and out during daylight hours, but which were firmly shut every evening to keep Things out.  What Things, she had never rightly heard, it wasn’t proper for her young female mind to be apprised of such Things, but rest assured, between the Wall and the Watch, she’d not need to worry about any of them.  She just needed to focus on finding a decent husband.  Well, that and having a superfluity of children.  She had succeeded quite well in the first case but failed abysmally in the second.  With a heavy sigh, she marched straight out the gate and into the wide world without and none dared stop her, for though a lady of breeding NEVER left the Walls without a proper escort, it was even more taboo to interfere with such, no matter how improper seemed her intentions.
She had travelled abroad several times with her husband upon various errands and visits, but she had never left town alone and afoot before, certainly not as a girl, for even people of her father’s lowly social status had Standards.  But she was quite thoroughly disgusted with Standards and for a time relished the odd looks shot her way by the various farmers, tradesmen, and servants that passed her by upon their own errands.  She found it quite exhilarating at first, to be thwarting social conventions so thoroughly; cast her out would they?!  Well, she might just as well spurn them!  She’d leave of her own accord and that was that.  The leaving part was easy, it was what was to be done afterwards that terrified her enough that the ratty man’s offer didn’t seem so bad upon recollection, but she chastised herself as a milk-hearted sniveler and kept marching further away from the only life she had ever known, but just what was she speeding towards?
Things.  Oh why oh why would they not tell her about Things?!  Not knowing was probably worse than the most horrid truth, then she must resort to making things up and a young girl’s imagination could be quite gruesome, likely more so than the actual reality.  Well, this was her big chance to find out.  And whatever her fate, it couldn’t be worse than harlotry, not that she knew much about that either, just enough to encourage her to produce a baby or ten lest it be all her future.  She started to cast back within her mind, seeking stories, rumors, gossip, lies, anything she could remember of life outside the city, beyond the town, things her brothers discovered in their studies, overheard snippets of the servants’ gossip, gran’s fireside tales, the talk amongst her father’s friends over their pipes when she was thought long abed.
Of course she had been taught, as all decent and proper young ladies were, about the Old World, and the Ancient Days, of all the horrible and uncouth things that had happened before civilization and decency and Standards, when the world was wild and young and wide, when people were the myth and all sorts of uncouth folk roamed the earth.  But all that happened in another age, another time, probably in another place, for nothing very interesting ever happened in or near the city, at least that she had ever heard of, at least not interesting to her, she didn’t consider the latest social scandal intriguing in the least, which may be why she never quite fit in to Society, children or not. 
As the day began to fade into evening, she allowed herself a brief respite from her introspection to take the lay of the land and consider what might be her best option for the imminent night.  The fields and pasturelands and neat little coppice woods that had straddled the road for the entirety of the journey suddenly gave way before her to a wood seemingly as dark and expansive as the night sky that seemed intent upon devouring all that remained of the dying day.  The road itself skirted this impressive forest by a wide margin, continuing on its prim and proper way, seemingly contemptuous of the wild and unkempt country that bordered one side.  Well, thought she, Society and their Standards have utterly cast me out, why should I tread their roads and prescribed paths any longer?  So with a shrug of defiance, she stepped off the smug little road and clove her way into the murky and trackless wood.
The first thing she noticed was that her fashionable garb, though quite suited to the trackless wastes of societal gatherings, was quite a hindrance in actual trackless wastes.  The second was that it was quite dark, as if one had foolishly locked oneself inside a wardrobe.  Unable any longer to ascertain what was before her, and tripping most inelegantly over some branch or rock, and even uncertain where the edge of the forest now lay, she could do little but sit down and cry, for at last her heart had caught up with her mind, originally numbed by the shock of it all, she had been able to act almost dispassionately, but out here, at last, her sorrow and fears overtook her.  Of course proper ladies were not allowed to cry, but as she was no longer of that ilk, she unashamedly wept her little heart out until at last she passed blissfully into unknowing sleep.

“She did what?!” said the astonished, though otherwise thoroughly tidy, man in wonder.
“She vanished into that dratted Wood, sir,” said the equally flabbergasted henchman, adding quickly, “I offered her the usual and assumed she’d come begging the moment she discovered just how limited her options were.  I never took her for the outdoorsy type.”
“If she was just some common trollop,” began the distinguished looking man, dressed to the height of current fashion, as he pensively paced the room, “it would be of no matter if she did choose to so lose herself and be set upon by Things.  No one would care or notice, but this chit was special!  I had a double-sided list as long as my arm of gentlemen callers wanting to make her acquaintance.  It is not often such a scandal rocks Society and when it does, our men of Fashion should be able to take advantage of it.  She’s costing me money, lots of money, and worse, notoriety!  Her reputation alone is worth more than five of my most talented ladies combined.”  He glared at the hapless minion as if this whole fiasco was his fault, “have we no options?”
“You know no one who goes into that Wood ever returns,” stuttered the terrified henchman, “at least in a recognizable form.”
“True,” sighed the dandy, “too true, you should have just kidnapped her outright.”
“Knowing what we do now, I would have, but I like to give them the chance to despair first,” smiled the lackey wickedly, “it makes their final surrender and despair all the sweeter and seems to even make them grateful to us for saving them from utter ruin.”
“Why can’t she just be reasonable like every other girl in the realm?” mused the cad in a gentleman’s garb.
“There were whispers you know, sir,” said the flunky in dubious and hushed tones.
“Yes,” slurred that non-gentleman, “and if true, perhaps she would have been a most troublesome acquisition indeed.  But was there truly any proof that she did, indeed,” he paused cautiously, as if to ensure they were truly alone before continuing in a quieter voice, as he uttered the astonishing word, “read?”
“I managed to speak to several of her former staff, both in her husband’s and her father’s house, and they agreed that she did in fact do just that,” said the sub-villain, not daring even to say the dastardly deed aloud.
“It is not,” mused the senior villain, “that a lady cannot be allowed to read, but it is her choice of literature that is of the utmost import.  You are certain it was not just flimsy novels and the society papers?”
“Nay milord,” said the henchman grimly, “it was books, solid and heavy books, any she could lay hand to, not that it was an easy thing in her social circumstances, but they say she found rather creative ways to go about it, vulgar chit!”
“Does she know something we do not about that forest or Things?” asked he.
“I doubt it sir,” said the henchman boldly, “for even the most well read of men knows little of that cursed Wood, and whatever means she used to contrive access to a book, it is very unlikely she would come across anything helpful in that regard when men with ready access to such information know nothing.”
“Quite true,” said the non-gentleman in growing good humor, “perhaps she would have been quite an encumbrance to own, a pity, but perhaps it is for the best after all.”

While Iris could see nothing going on around her, not only because she was sleeping as one dead, but also because that peculiar Wood was draped in an unnatural night, that did not mean things weren’t going on.  While all the human folk in those parts thought this particular Wood haunted, cursed, forsaken, et cetera, it was really none of those things, for it was always near to bursting with activity of various sorts and tenanted by some of the most upstanding individuals imaginable, though perhaps they did not recognize the Standards as holy writ, which was probably the main argument against calling such folk civilized, they were quite civilized in their own particular way, one which Society might very well have called uncouth, could they ever glimpse such a spectacle of course.  But as they couldn’t, all were kindly spared that sort of unpleasantness.
“A lady?!” said a very astonished voice, lurking in the shrubbery near where said lady reposed in quite un-Standard fashion.
“Quite,” chuckled a second voice in reply.
“Of all the strange and wonderful things one might glimpse in this peculiar Wood,” mused the first, “this is one spectacle I never thought to see.”
“Anything is possible here,” said the second voice in ill-suppressed amusement.
“Anything out of the ordinary,” agreed the first, “but such a spectacle is quite ordinary in the outer world.”
“But it would be a peculiar scene here and thus one would think it quite possible, along with all the other impossible scenes one might certainly witness herein,” continued the second, no longer hiding his mirth.
“I suppose your reasoning must be sound,” said the first with a shake of his head, “if not here, then certainly somewhere.”  He glanced back at the sleeping lady, “but it seems so mundane.”
“Again you are stating the obvious, my friend,” smiled the second, “please stop!”
“But then what shall we speak of?” quoth the first with a wry grin.
“Now who is the one being mundane?” laughed the second outright.
“True,” said the first ruefully, “I sound like some oblivious gentleman at a societal function where we can speak nothing but the blatantly obvious.”
“The lady’s presence is corrupting you already,” said the second in feigned horror, “what will happen to the balance of our acquaintance?”
“Dreadful thought indeed!” agreed the first, but lapsing into sudden silence as the lady in question stirred.
“Who is there?” queried she, trying to sound valiant and unafraid but managing only to sound like a lonely kitten mewing forlornly in a dark alley.  Iris glanced about her futilely, all about her hidden in mist and shadow.  At least the utter black of night had given way to a twilit world of murky shadow but she was still nearly as blind, not even able to see her feet amidst the brume, but she was quite certain she had been wakened by voices.
The first looked at the second in question, he only shrugged and stepped forward out of the swirling mists, that the lady might know what it was that lurked unseen just beyond sight.  She gasped to see that she was not alone in this surreal world, but as she had been anticipating Things, two gentlemen dressed in quality but conservative evening dress were not exactly what she had been expecting, seeing her quickly hidden look of disappointment, the first said to the second, “see, she was thinking to discover something less mundane in this peculiar Wood as well.”  Upon which, all exchanged Standard greetings, before the first spoke once more, “how come you here madam and may we be of any assistance?”
She fought valiantly but the tears still came, said she through her sobs and hiccups, “I am quite at a loss, gentlemen, for I’ve been Forsaken by kith and kin, cast out for the most heinous of offenses.  I wonder that you would even deign speak with me.”
The first man could not suppress a grin, “we don’t often get to read the society papers, milady.  You will be happy to know that your society’s standard is not ours.”
She blinked at him as if he had said he routinely employed an ostrich in lieu of a carriage horse, said she in some befuddlement, “what then is your Standard?  I know I am Outcast, but if you are equally so, have you not turned bandit or outlaw or something equally uncivilized?”
“Your society certainly would not approve of our various goings on, madam,” assured the second, his own grin as wide as his fellow’s, “but we are far from lawless men.  Indeed, we cling to a standard even higher and older than that to which you refer.”
She smiled sadly at these poor benighted men, lost so long in the dark and mist that they must truly have lost all sense of decency and propriety, not to mention physical direction, but then again, it was the Standards that had proclaimed she must be cast from all decent company and protections for an act which was not willfully done and was in nowise her fault and said that her former kith and kin must have nothing whatsoever to do with her ever again whilst these respectable seeming gentlemen were at least treating her as a real and valuable person.
Said she in polite ignorance, “I suppose there must be other Standards in the world, those that govern conduct say in former times or distant places, perhaps it is of this you speak?”
“Something like that indeed, my lady,” said the first with a grandiose bow, “but come, what crime or perception thereof has driven you so far from home?”
They both blinked in wonder at her brief tale, said the second, “and how is it you chose to flee to this peculiar Wood, whose reputation may be even worse among fashionable folk than even the flesh dealers that offered you succor?”
“I’ve never heard aught of this Wood, either good or ill,” said she simply, “women are not told such things.  I’ve tried to read up on things, not Things mind you, but anything I could lay hands on, but even that study was limited, for it is thought quite uncouth for a woman, particularly one of my standing, to know things, especially about Things.”  She brightened significantly at this, “now that I am a woman of ill-repute, will you tell me about the Things?”
“What things?” queried the first in confusion.
“You know!” said she a bit abashedly, “the reason the city has walls, the Things they are meant to keep out!”
The men exchanged a rather amused grin, at which she frowned, thinking their mirth sprang from her ignorance, but the second reassured her, “I am not sure why they built the walls if they think to repel Things from within this Wood, that is utterly ridiculous, but perhaps your folk do not understand that or it makes them feel better regardless, but either way, if the walls were meant to keep your folk safe from Things within the Wood, they are sorely mistaken.”
“I see,” said she rather lamely, but perked up as she considered, “still, if they are afraid of Things, there must be a reason and I would dearly love to learn it.”
“I am afraid what your folk fear and the actual reality of the situation are two very different things, milady,” said the first with a regretful shake of his head, continuing swiftly as she tried to interject eagerly, “and some of those truths cannot be imparted to you, for either the world is not ready or is forbidden from knowing or even we know not the truth of the matter.”
She shut her eagerly gaping mouth and merely broached a disappointed, “oh,” feeling again a little girl whose father had just told her serious books were not within the proper domain of womenfolk.
“That and there is not time enough between now and the end of days to thoroughly discuss such a topic,” added the second hurriedly.
“So you are saying,” mused she, “that though much must yet remain hidden from my ravenously curious mind, there are still enough facts of interest to keep me thoroughly occupied for the rest of my born days?”
“Certainly miss,” grinned the first, “the better question would be, what do you need to know, what would be the most important topic to begin your education?”
She stood and brushed the residual brush from her hopelessly rumpled dress, touched her now feral hair with an appalled hand, only to discover her stylish hat was also missing, and said in resignation, “I suppose one’s wardrobe and appearance are not of the utmost import within this wild wood of yours?  If the residents hereof are not at all concerned with mortal walls, I would assume physical appearance would also be of little import?”  Both men offered her a smart half bow of affirmation, their eyes sparkling in delight at her quick assessment of the situation and seemingly innate understanding thereof.  She glanced around morosely at the unpromising gloom and asked, “and I suppose what I can see of this dismal place is hardly to be used as a measure to judge the Wood as a whole or even in part?”
“Indeed!” agreed the second happily, “you have a fine grasp upon the situation, for having just arrived and being...”  He trailed off awkwardly, not knowing how to state the obvious in a delicate and politic manner.
She grinned at him, quite like an excited and unabashed child, “being a former society matron?”
“Quite,” seconded the first.
“I suppose the most important matter to determine is what is to come of me?” she gazed at her interlocutors earnestly.
“I suppose we cannot just throw her back?” grinned the second in a most impish fashion.
At this, the lady gaped unwittingly like the metaphorical fish to which she had just been compared, little realizing that she had likewise committed a faux pas of vast egregiousness along with her companion: that of comparing a lady to an aquatic animal, it just was not done, at least not in proper circles, but as she glanced about once more, she was reminded just how far removed she now was from those very circles and decided to let the perceived insult pass unremarked, whereat the first came magnanimously to her rescue with, “you shouldn’t compare a lady to a fish, my friend, not on any account.”
“I suppose not,” agreed the second, “but our quandary still remains, bad metaphors aside.”
“It does at that,” frowned the first pensively, eyeing the lady, he asked, “and what shall come of you madam?”
“I haven’t a clue,” said she morosely, “I was hoping you could tell me!”
“The outer world has utterly forsaken you,” mused the second aloud, “yet you have no official place or standing within the Wood.”
“Must I?” queried she, all curiosity.
The first nodded grimly, “aye madam, for without it you would find yourself in grave peril, for there are many factions and an ever shifting balance of power and most of the denizens have little love for mortals.  At best they would ignore you, but there are many who would do far worse for the temerity you have shown in violating their Wood.”
Her eyes narrowed as she studied them anew, “yet you are not afraid to go gallivanting about as it pleases you?”  They both smiled at this, an irksome gesture, reminiscent of a smug and mysterious cat, with just as much hope of prying a satisfactory answer out of them as to the significance thereof.  Sighed she in obvious disdain, “fine, keep your secrets!  I can only then assume that I cannot safely depend upon physical appearance as a concrete sign of anything in this odd place?”
“You are quite correct, milady,” agreed the first, “hope may be found within a monstrous guise and danger in the most innocuous.”
“So you are not two gentlemen of means and leisure who have happened upon me in my hour of need?” asked she.
“We have happened upon you in your hour of need, quite providentially if I may add,” said the second.
“And we are certainly Gentlemen, at least as the term should be defined, though not as the word is realized in your society,” added the First.
“And we are certainly not men of leisure,” chuckled the Second.
Added the First, “but we certainly have the means to accomplish the necessary.”
“So what is to come of me?” asked she plaintively.
“What are your wishes and desires madam?” retorted the First.
“I want to belong somewhere,” said she pensively, “to not be judged by things beyond my control.  To be valued for what I am, rather than for what I am not or what I own or to whom I was born or for what I might do.”
“The search of every quivering soul,” nodded the Second.
“Can I find it?” asked she, hoping against hope, “here or anywhere?”
“It is quite attainable,” smiled the First, “if you truly desire it.”
“I do!” said she, “who doesn’t?”
“Everyone desires it of course,” said the First, “but most prefer to attempt to attain it in their own way, by their own power or cunning or strength, but it can only be attained one way.”
“The Standards?” asked she nervously.
“Is your society’s attempt at attaining it, yes,” nodded the Second sagely, “but it is not the true Way.”
“Good!” said she with a sigh of relief, “for I’ve tried it and found it extremely vexatious and thoroughly wanting.”  Her eyes narrowed suddenly, “how can you be so certain there is only one Way?  That sounds rather myopic and closed minded if there are as many different cultures, tribes, traditions, and peoples in the world and even beyond it as you imply?”
“What does your society think of any that don’t hold their Standard dear?” countered the First.
“We think them uncivilized heathens,” said she at once, narrowing her eyes in thought and adding, “which makes me wonder if the truly civilized way to look at the matter is to see that perhaps there are many roads to the same destination?”
“And what would happen if you found a road and started traveling thereupon, assuming it must bear you wherever you had a mind to go regardless of whither it truly went?” asked the Second.
“That is ridiculous,” giggled she, “a road can only go betwixt the places it is built; my wishes mean nothing.”
“Should not the same be true of attempting to attain a certain end?” queried the first, “If you wish to obtain milk, one does not approach an obliging rock or climb a tree.  Your society is right in its assumption that their Standard must be seen as the only way to achieve their desired end or chaos and confusion would result, even if they are wrong about the means thereof.  They have the right idea but the wrong road.”
“Humph,” grunted she in disgust, realizing how much of a waste her life had been up until this very moment, but brightening added, “so how is one to attain the proper end?”
“Take the right road,” said the First cryptically.
“Show me this way, then,” urged she.
“It will cost you everything, milady,” said the Second quietly.
“I have nothing left,” countered she.
“Materially speaking, perhaps,” agreed the First, but adding, “but what of your hopes, dreams, fears, doubts, time, preferences, prejudices, opinions, and physical being, all that makes up your heart, mind, body, and soul?”
“I must become nothing?” said she in growing alarm.
The Second shook his head minutely and said quietly, so much so that she had to strain to hear him, “we are nothing, or rather, each of us is accounted as nothing when compared to that which we seek.  It is none of our doing, we come naked and empty handed, filthy and alone, disgusting beggars with nothing to recommend us.”
She was trembling, whether in fear or anticipation, perhaps both, she scarcely knew, but licking her lips, she said just as quietly, “I am utterly wretched, beneath these fancy rags lurks nothing of worth or substance, yet you say it need not be so?”
“Aye, milady,” smiled the First in growing anticipation, “in forsaking what we think we want, only then can we discover that which we truly need.”
“Then show me,” said she eagerly.  The two gentlemen exchanged one of those maddeningly mystifying looks, bowed graciously to the lady, and then the world spun into blackness, dark as starless night.



A Story from ‘Over the Hills and Far Away:’

Old chairs to mend!  Old chairs to mend!
I never would cry old chairs to mend,
If I’d as much money as I could spend,
I never would cry old chairs to mend.
~Nursery Rhyme~

If Only...

Tom sat disconsolately on his doorstep, wondering what was the point of life.  He was neither rich nor terribly handsome; he had no great prospects before him, just to continue in the footsteps of all his forefathers and till the bit of earth that had been in their family since time immemorial, or at least since his great-great-grandfather was a boy, which was basically the same thing.  There was nothing wrong with farming, it was a respectable living, but he would never be rich and there was also a good chance of things getting very tight now and again should the rain not come or a blight appear.  He sighed heavily, wishing with all his heart for some way out of his current predicament.  And as in all fairy tales, his wish soon attracted the attention of a well-meaning fairy: the pesky creatures are drawn to wishes like moths to flame.
She settled quite prettily upon his knee and peered up at him with merrily dancing but not very wise eyes.  A smile came unbidden to his troubled young face as he realized this mirthful creature might give him all the desires of his heart.  Said she without preamble, in a voice like a baby’s laugh, “you wish to be all things that you are not?  I cannot bear to see a young creature unhappy, happiness is the province of youth so I must restore you to your native soil.  Let it be as you wish it!”  She smiled cheekily at him and vanished in a rosy flash of light.  Tom stood, stretched, and eagerly went back into the house to pack, knowing full well that his dreams had only just begun.
His family was just sitting down to dinner when he walked past, satchel on his back.  His mother smiled knowingly and shook her head ruefully; his father momentarily took his pipe out of his mouth in curiosity but soon enough went back to his puffing.  Said Tom, with near giddiness, “well, my fortune is assured and I am off to seek it.”  They all wished him well, knowing this strange wandering sickness was a common affliction of boys his age, and also knowing the cure was to let him have his head and discover that the wide world was a far harsher place than the stories fully told.  He would be back before a fortnight was over.  His sensible mother did insist that he at least wait until after dinner to go forth and seek his destiny and saw that he was well stocked with provender to last him a week or so.  As the sun was now setting, he decided to wait until the morrow and leave after a filling breakfast.
But his wish was not to be, as he had failed to go forth and seize his good fortune by the horns, it sensibly came a-knocking in search of him.  In the twilight, a very short but richly clad man stood upon the doorstep, when his mother answered the summons, and asked very grandly whether ‘Young Master Tom’ would kindly accompany him.  Tom happily snatched up his satchel, kissed his mother in passing, and was gratified to see his father’s pipe drop to the floor in his utter astonishment.  He waved a farewell and was handed up into the lavish coach that stood waiting; the smartly clad herald doing his best not to sniff at the lad’s sturdy but unfashionable peasant garb.  Nothing so mortified his stuffy heart as seeing a socialite so improperly attired.  He shut the door and launched himself onto the back of the vehicle as it set off into the night.  Tom held his satchel in his lap and stared dreamily off into space, imagining what grandeur and wonder awaited at journey’s end.
He must have dozed off, for the pallid grey and rose of dawn had transformed the misty, waking world into a dream when he woke.  The clatter of the horses suddenly ceased as the coach drew up before a great and beautiful house; the wee little man was immediately at the door and waiting for the boy to descend.  Tom clutched his satchel and stepped from the equipage, feeling all of a sudden very lonely and small before the intimidating structure.  The servant pretended not to notice his discomfiture and motioned for him to follow him into the house.  Tom obeyed and they found themselves in a room whose sole purpose appeared to be the scrubbing and cleansing of dirty aristocrats.  Tom was duly washed and outfitted in apparel far more satisfying to the Steward’s taste and was then allowed to eat a meal that was called breakfast, but to Tom’s sensibilities it seemed far grander than any King’s feast.
Once the necessities were finished, the Steward asked if his lordship had a moment to become acquainted with his new situation.  Tom heartily agreed, having no idea exactly what it was he found himself in the middle of, save that it was thanks to a fairy’s well-intentioned meddling.  They went to the library where Tom was seated by the fire in a monstrous, velvet chair while the Steward stood politely at his elbow, speaking thus, “welcome home Sir, we are most grateful that you have finally arrived.  We have been keeping up the Residence as instructed by your predecessors in anticipation of your arrival.  And I hope you find everything far exceeding your expectations.  You are Lord and Master of all the land hereabouts within a day’s hard ride; it is to do with as you please.”
Tom smiled broadly and asked, “how is it I am Lord here, peasant that I am?”
The Steward shook his head gravely, “that is a matter into which we mere servants dare not inquire.  We are here to serve, not question.”  He bowed stiffly and asked, “what are your first orders, my Lord?”
Tom shook his head, “I have never been a Lord before and am quite a stranger in this place, what is a usual day like?”
The Steward said awkwardly, little liking the position of having to explain anything to one of his ‘betters,’ “we are at your service Sir, ask and we shall obey.  The only thing routine or usual in this house shall be that which you proclaim to be so.”
Tom said in wonder, “whatever I say goes?  Have I no duties or responsibilities?”
The Steward shook his head, “that you alone know, again it is not ours to question but simply to obey.”
Said Tom in impish delight, “then I want to host a ball, the most extravagant the neighborhood has ever seen, to celebrate my arrival.  Can you invite a princess or three?”
The Steward bowed eagerly, “would tonight be acceptable, sir?”
Tom stared, “really?  That soon!”
The Steward seemed rather insulted, “of course, my Lord, we are always ready for whatever you might wish or propose.”
Tom shook his head in wonder, “very well, tonight will be perfect.  I would like to tour the grounds during the balance of the day.”
The Steward bowed and said, “very good Sir.”  He then vanished from the room, leaving Tom to himself.  He smiled eagerly, knowing this was only the beginning.  He went to the stable and ordered his horse, which turned out to be a sleek, high-spirited but willing beast.  He mounted eagerly and rode about until he was truly sick of viewing the immaculately landscaped grounds, the impeccable woods, and the tidy farmsteads that dotted his domain.  The villages were something out of a storybook and he was certain that nothing of note had or would ever happen therein.  It all seemed too perfect.
A groom took the sweaty horse and a servant waited to escort him back to the bath chamber to expunge the evidence of his ride.  And then it was on to a sumptuous late lunch before preparing for the evening’s excitement.  He was primped and dandied and dressed until he was ready to scream, but the result was impressive.  He descended to the ballroom and the Steward told him that his guests had arrived and were waiting his pleasure, with no less than five princesses in attendance.  Agape, the young lord allowed himself to be herded to his place and tried to remember names as he was introduced to half the population of the planet.  Afterwards, he danced with anyone vaguely human and female in attendance that was ranked above a lady’s maid.  After that, they sat down to a feast grand enough to bankrupt a King, before resuming their dancing.  Exhausted and bewildered, His Lordship crawled gratefully into bed as the sun was again gracing the sky.
The Steward interrupted his repose to politely remind His Lordship that he had promised to go hunting with several of the young men he had met at the ball the previous evening.  Tom groaned but allowed himself to be duly prepared for the outing.  His companions laughed and talked ceaselessly, about what, Tom could not fathom but he joined in with a hollow laugh and a fake smile.  Priding himself on having survived the day, he hoped to go early to bed, but the Steward reminded him that he had promised a visit to a neighboring Lord that evening in recompense for the ball.  Tom sighed but again resigned himself to his fate.  So it was that days passed into weeks and then into months, and ever was Tom visiting or being visited by various royal or noble personages, all with painted smiles and empty laughter, saying nothing worth remembering an hour hence.  Worse, every unmarried girl old enough to be out in public, some older than his mother, flung herself or was flung by various mothers, aunts, and sisters into his way.  For one always surrounded by people, he found himself very much alone.
Finally, one bright day in the early autumn, he told his Steward that he wanted a day off from the continual merriment and was going for a ride.  The Steward was aghast that his master would flout tradition and ignore his many invitations and guests, but would not dare defy a direct order.  So it was that young Tom rode off while the Steward hastily wrote elaborate and insincere excuses to all those who would soon be affronted by such unseemly behavior.  
Tom galloped off into the burgeoning day, refreshed by the stillness of the world about him and the chill in the air.  An hour later, he dismounted and led the weary beast to a small stream in the midst of a meadow in which a flock of sheep was grazing peacefully at the far end.  He watched the young shepherdess with some envy as she quietly tended her charges, as yet unaware of the stranger in her meadow; he thought wistfully back to his own rustic duties, what seemed a lifetime ago.  Suddenly, her tranquility was shattered as she noticed the richly garbed youth and well-bred horse that had invaded her pastoral refuge.  She bowed nervously, still at a great distance, and hastily gathered up her sheep, intent on driving them to a pasture where they would not disturb His Lordship.  Tom sighed mournfully, mounted his horse, and rode slowly out of the meadow, leaving the lady to her sheep.
As he passed a small cottage in his retreat, a sudden whimsical smile lit his face, the first real smile he had borne in many days; he turned in at the gate and knocked upon the door.  The aged woman who answered his summons stared at him in surprise and dread, bowed inexpertly, and said graciously, if with a nervous trill, “what may I do for you Lord?”
Tom grinned foolishly, “I wish to make an exchange madam.  Have you a horse and a set of clothes to trade for my own?”
She stared at him in incomprehension, “nay lord, I have but a poor beast and only the rough garb of my late husband, I have nothing that would be of service or worth to you!”
He nodded eagerly, “exactly madam, that is what I wish.  Take my finery and give me your serviceable items in their stead.”
She shook her head in wonder but motioned for him to come in.  She spent a little time rummaging in drawer and trunk while he sipped hastily brewed tea, but finally she produced some plain, but well made clothes that would fit the lad reasonably well.  He left the tired, but expensive horse in the small lean-to that served as barn and stable and mounted the aged sorrel gelding that had once pulled cart and plow.  He told the good lady in parting, “keep or sell what I have given you madam, whatever serves you best!  Farewell.”  He turned the ancient beast and plodded back towards the meadow where the shepherdess waited with her sheep.
The appearance of a peasant lad did not frighten the poor lass, as had the daunting vision of a nobleman in the distance.  She even went so far as to share her noon meal with him once she was convinced he was simply a weary traveler rather than either villain or lord.  They shared a merry meal together and spoke of her stock, the weather, village gossip, her kin, and the crops.  As the sun was setting, Tom was reluctant to leave, having had a real conversation for the first time since his advent into this strange reality and feeling again as if he were a mortal man, rather than a puppet that wandered purposelessly from one grand entertainment to the next.  The girl saw his unease and misinterpreting it said, “come home with me, my father would gladly put you up for the night and my mother will have a good supper on the table.”  He smiled gratefully at her and accompanied her home, showing himself well accustomed to the practice as he helped her gather up the scattered flock for the night.

The Steward watched intently all the day and well into the night, but the boy never returned.  He sighed heavily and knew that his Lordship was forever lost to them, as had so many been before him.  He went to tell the other servants to put the house in order that they might await their next ephemeral Lord.  Tom eventually married the shepherdess and returned to his unassuming life, now quite content therein.  The insipid but well-meaning fairy continued to grant wishes, that for some reason never quite brought their recipients the joy and meaning they had anticipated, but rather taught them to appreciate that which they already had, which was truly a wish come true


Excerpt from ‘In Search of Stories,’ from ‘The Greylands: Volume III:’

It was one of those days where adventure seemed to lurk around the corner and the very wind sang its own wild siren song to the soul, but adventures did not exist in a place like this, neither did they assault so lowly a personage as either of the two boys walking slowly along the path, seemingly in pursuit of game but more likely so lost in one another’s company that a rabbit might sit in the path before them, unmoving as the earth, and not catch their attention.  The feeling of the day was such that the stories tried grandly but often failed to catch its glory, at least if stories as such were allowed in such a place and time.  For though the trees were aflame with color about them and the evening sun gilded everything it touched, as the wind played among the golden grasses and hinted at cooler months ahead, and the chorus of geese overhead confirmed it, they walked on nearly impervious to the delight to soul and senses about them, for such was not considered a needful thing in their drear lives.  In fact, joy as such an autumnal evening might purvey was considered anathema and the least hint of it was swiftly punished by well meaning parents and neighbors, which deadened the senses of those so afflicted and stifled their souls therewith.  
For man had no soul; he was nothing but a rather intelligent beast prone to suffer for a season and then pass into oblivion after all his strivings with none the wiser that he had ever been or gone.  It was an unhappy thought but it was the feeling of the times, and as such it afflicted the two poor souls wandering amidst the golden wood quite grievously, for their age made them quite prone to such fancies and suppressing them was akin to pulling teeth, but it was such rebellion that had driven them into this woody solitude to mourn their aching hearts.  Sighed Bayard, “days such as this make me long to think things for which our elders might well chasten us, if not worse!”  
His companion agreed, “but it is for our own good that such thoughts are forbidden for they bring only passing joy which makes the sorrows of life much harder to bear.  What point is there in encouraging something that only leads to greater pain?  But how I wish our elders were wrong!  My heart of hearts yearns to run through those hills and rejoice in the shear joy of living, but alas that there is nothing much worth singing over.”  They walked drearily on, neither consoled by the words of the other but finding a modicum of comfort in the shared grief and presence of his friend.  
Said Bayard, “why is it that such things are forbidden?  The sorrows and suffering come regardless and must be endured as much as winter and rain.  Would not a little joy be like Spring in our lives?  It seems that winter is more bearable for the promise of spring; a life with only winter would not be much worth living.”  Archer’s eyes were wide with such treasonous speech but deep within the darkest corners of his own heart, a rebellious little voice laughed for joy.  But then he began to think and to wonder, why were such simple pleasures denied?  Why was it a crime to pursue joy?  If the sorrows must be borne, why not the joys of life also?  But his were a grim and sullen folk who spent all their short lives toiling in useless labor, ever with the threat and gloom of danger and sorrow lurking about them, set to pounce at any moment, most often in the guise of men faithful to one tyrant lord or another or to no one but themselves.  Joy was not encouraged, for it might draw attention from the minions of a ruling tyrant, so it was ruthlessly suppressed from the youngest age and earliest appearances.  For there was no law but the whims of dark and distant tyrants and one did what one must to survive.
Archer queried of the air, “they take what little we have upon a whim and may abuse us as they please for their own amusement or benefit, but of what benefit is it to deny us even the pleasure of a sunset, for what harm is there in that?”  
“Dangerous ponderings indeed lad,” said a man’s voice coming alongside them.  Lost in thought and brooding as they were, neither had noticed the plainly clad stranger approaching openly upon the way.  They both jumped, exchanged a horrified look that perhaps their doom was upon them, and then began to relax minutely when they discovered that the man wore a friendly smile and his sword remained firmly in its sheath.  
“Who are you?” gasped Bayard, “and how come you to say such things?  We will not stand to have tales carried to the wrong ears.”  The man laughed, which sounded strange to their young ears that seldom heard such a pleasant sound but which broke the last remaining tension.  They knew here was no threat but perhaps a sympathetic ear or even a bold man willing to break all traditions and laws and flaunt his joy to the world!
The man continued walking, forcing the boys to resume their own meander lest they lose so interesting a companion, he said, “I am no one of significance but no threat either.  Is it for such rebellious talk, at least as most would see it, that you walk alone in the wide world for a time?”  
Archer grinned weakly, for smiling was not a habit common to his folk, “such are our crimes indeed.  How is it you defy such ordinances?”  
The man laughed once more, a sound as rich and deep as the river that flowed placidly alongside them.  He continued, “your folk I fear, are those who defy their very natures.  It is not for man to be grim and solemn all his days but to find joy in its proper time and weep when he must, but never to be slave to either pleasure or despair.  Some folk find it to their advantage to suppress such feelings in others, for they have a way of causing other uneasy thoughts to enter one’s mind which are hazardous to said folk.”  
Bayard exclaimed, “how can joy be dangerous?”  
The stranger replied, “if men are cattle to work all their weary days and then cease from the earth with neither great sorrow nor great joy, though I fear you cannot escape the sorrow as easily as one can dampen joy, and there is nothing ever after and no point in the interim then no one seeks anything greater or turns their hopes to brighter days.  All life is pain and suffering and perhaps the sooner ended the better.  Such is the view that enslaves your folk.  For fear of losing what little they have they have given up everything worth living for.  They live in dread and gloom and fear and find no purpose or hope or satisfaction in all their weary trials and only welcome death will cease their strivings and agony.”
Archer said, “you speak truly sir, for such is our weary life and it was but young hearts and a gay morning that drew us from our usual toils to hope and to mourn for a little before returning to our drab and colorless lives.  But how is it that you speak of joy so freely when what you said is the way of the world?”  
The man smiled as if well practiced in the art, “it is perhaps the only way you know, but it is not the way the world was meant to be and there are a few bold rebels who dare to hope it might be set aright.”  
Said Bayard, “how can the world have been meant to be anything?  Are we all not dust and nothing before or after?  With no meaning or purpose or hope?  The world is as it is and nothing a few optimists say can change that.”  
The man nodded, “many think as you, for they see the suffering and the pain and wonder that there could be anything good or right or true in a world where such things abound, but have you ever wondered why you would wonder why things were not as they should be?  If the world were right, we would not know that it is wrong, any more than a fish knows anything about being wet until you force him out of the water.  All men wonder why things are not better or different, thus implying that there is some standard we expect of reality yet it is not the way of the world, therefore something must be wrong, else why would we feel discontent?  If this world were as it should be we would not be surprised by any amount of pain or suffering or sorrow, but just say that things are as they are and think no more of it, but we are always horrified when some new tale of woe besets us rather than taking it placidly like cattle, who bellow for a day over their lost calves but then forget them entirely the next.”
The eyes of the boys were wide enough that the man feared they might fall from their sockets, but he continued, “strange ideas I know, but thoughts that lurk deep within each human soul if only we sit and ponder long enough they are sure to peek out now and then, and such ponderings are exactly what your dread lords wish to prevent thus they do not encourage joy or any other emotion that might accidentally rub up against the soul and remind mere men that they are more than flesh and bone.”  
“You are mad!” said Bayard aghast, but a secret hope shone in his eyes, “such is not what we were taught!”  
Laughed the man, “weigh what you have been taught against my words and see which your heart deems true.  Why do joy and sorrow haunt our lives if we are merely beasts?  Why are you not content to live and die and then be nothing more?  They can try and deny you joy but they cannot keep you from discovering that there is more to mortal man than this shell of clay!”  
Archer gasped, “oh, that it might be true!  So many longings and questions have been ignored or suppressed that I begin to believe as they, yet I cannot fathom a life lived in vain and weary toil.  Is there truly something more?”  
The man nodded and said, “for those who seek it, the way will be opened yet it is not a path easily pursued, for all the powers of this world and worse, fell powers beyond mortal comprehension despise that path and seek to subvert or destroy all who might take it.  At its end lie things more great and wonderful than mortal imagination can desire yet the road is weary, dark, and dangerous though not without hope and joy.”
“Of what do you speak?” asked Archer, barely restraining his enthusiasm.  
But the man’s reply was lost in a groan of pain as he clutched at the arrow suddenly protruding from his chest and fell to his knees.  The boys stared aghast at their erstwhile companion, not knowing what was happening or even if it were real.  The man gasped, “remember what I have said, for death may well be the price you pay to pursue true life, but it is well worth it in the end…”  He trailed off as he fell forward and lay sprawled upon the grass, unmoving.  
The nightmare only grew worse, for it was no dream but terrifyingly real.  Six mounted men rode swiftly upon the scene from the direction the arrow had come.  They drew rein around the morbid little gathering and held their swords at the ready.  All were clad in varying degrees of black, red, and silver and every eye was cold as the depths of a winter night.  The boys drew closer together and watched in horrified wonder as one of the taller men dismounted, ignored the two boys, and approached the still form upon the ground.  He turned over the prone form and a small smile appeared on his lips but did not touch his steely eyes.  He faced his master and said, “he is dead my lord, but certainly the villain you were in pursuit of.”  
“A pity that,” muttered the most richly clad of the group, “for it is so much more interesting and informative when a live specimen can be obtained but then they are also much more trouble to deal with and this guarantees that his vile tongue is forever silenced.  It is just as well I suppose.”  The lord then turned his frigid gaze upon the terrified boys and said, “and what of you wretched peasant children?  How long have you known this man?  What has he told you?”  
Fear froze their tongues until one of the soldiers rode forward and held Bayard at sword point, at which he said, “he came upon us quite suddenly in the woods while we were out hunting.  He said many strange and troubling things in the partial hour we spent in his presence.”  
Said the lord, “have you any foolish notions of looking deeper into those matters this man may have broached?”  
Archer shivered, “he told us nothing but vagaries and things which go against all the laws and traditions of our folk.  How can we pursue such things when we know nothing about them and they violate all we hold dear?”  
The lord smiled grimly and said, “see that you do not or his fate shall be your own.  Such men are hunted down and destroyed like the beasts they are.”  As he spoke, his minion afoot drew his sword and took the head of his fallen foe, as if it were some sort of grisly trophy.  
He held the grotesque thing up for the terrified boys to behold and said, “such is the ignoble end of all his kind.  If you ever need a reminder, you can meet your old friend, or at least what is left of him upon the Traitor’s Wall in Sangoria.”  He thrust his trophy into a bag and remounted his horse.  
Both of the boys looked sick with terror and disgust, which pleased the lord quite well as he said, “you have seen what awaits such traitors.  When next we meet, I hope to see you have remained faithful to your lords and masters or you know what will happen.”  With that, the entire party turned their horses and rode swiftly out of sight and hearing.
The boys exchanged a horrified look and ran home as quick as they might, not liking the idea of remaining alone with a headless corpse in the falling dark and in fear that the evil men might return.  Out of breath, they were forced to return to a slower pace but still neither could speak about the strange revelations and the horrors they had just witnessed.  The first stars were making their appearance when they finally reached the village and each returned silently to his own home but neither could tell their concerned parents why they looked as if they had met some great terror in the woods or why they went to bed without speaking to anyone or eating anything.  A raven sat upon a thatched roof and watched the boys return in utter terror and flee into their pathetic abodes; it squawked a laugh and vanished into the deepening night.

Sleep was long in coming, but when it finally came it was not a restful thing, for it seemed the terrors of the day inspired strange and uneasy dreams.  Bayard stood on a broad plain, but it was broad in sense rather than by sight, for all about a thick fog shrouded the world and dismal grey clouds lowered overhead, while an incessant drizzle fell upon the weary traveler.  He began to walk, for there seemed nothing else to do in such a place.  Here and there he saw men busy at some task but they never noticed his passing or felt any inclination to approach for they seemed quite intent on their business and indifferent to all else.  Here a man dug a pit, there another sat upon the piled dirt, proud as a king, there another filled in the holes, one sat upon the ground in dejection, refusing even to move, and others fought over a hole or a dirt pile and a furtive looking man darted in between the various holes and piles, as if he hoped to gain thereby at the expense of others.  Bayard looked on, wondering what all the fuss was about.  Who would weary themselves, let alone fight in such a dismal place?  
He felt drawn forward and even though he stood still, it felt as if he moved or perhaps the entire plain upon which he stood moved in a certain direction.  He obliged the strange feeling by walking in the direction the whole earth seemed intent upon moving.  After what seemed a lifetime, with countless figures engaged in the same activities he had witnessed previously darting about in the fog, he saw that towards which the whole world was moving.  Before him gaped a fissure perhaps two feet wide but infinitely deep and long, and into it plunged all the hapless creatures that seemed to be standing unknowingly upon its brink while the continual movement of the plain drove them in.  Bayard tried to stop, tried to run in the opposite direction, but he could do nothing, for the pit seemed to reach out and grab him and draw him inexorably into its gaping maw.  As he drew nearer to what he hoped was oblivion, even that pitiful hope was dashed as he felt such horror and terror and sorrow and malice coming from that rent in the earth that he wished with all his heart that it were mere nothingness.  
All the dreadful plain about him seemed alive with joy and wonder compared to what he felt from the depthless maw before him.  He wept in agony, for it seemed there was nothing to keep him from falling in and to fall forever with nothing but those uneasy horrors for company, which made all the trials and sorrows of our own poor world seem a very joy beside such a fate.  Before the great mouth could swallow him forever, however, he felt his eyes drawn upward and a single ray of light breached the sullen grey clouds and for a moment Bayard’s heart quivered with such joy he feared it might burst.  He looked to the source of that light and for a moment caught just the hint of such color, light, sound, and scent that mortal tongues can neither describe nor minds comprehend such wonders.  Then the clouds drew together and all traces of that wonder were gone, but they would haunt the boy all the rest of his days, but so too was gone the gaping maw and the busily futile men.  Bayard sighed with relief at salvation from the pit but also in despair at the loss of such wonder.  
He glanced about him and found a world yet wrapped in fog but no longer dull and drear but alight as if with the morning sun and in that bright place he found a ghost.  Or at least what he took to be a ghost, for though the nobler tales could not be told, there was no proscription against tales dark and dreadful in which such wraiths often were said to lurk.  But here stood a man in form and feature as if he yet walked the earth under the sun but the boy knew well he did not.  He seemed as real as the boy, perhaps even more so.  Bayard began to wonder if the apparition were not perhaps more real than himself.  He seemed no different than the man they had met earlier that day, save perhaps some aspect of his person seemed to radiate joy or light or both, though Bayard could not tell which or from whence it sprung.  He was a bit nervous in the man’s presence, no longer out of mortal dread at undead ghouls, but because here was something or someone totally beyond his experience or comprehension.  The man’s words that day had startled the boy, his death had horrified him, the meeting of the dark men had unnerved him, and the strange vision of the grim world and grimmer pit had completely terrified him.  What more could be done this day to upset Bayard’s greatly abused senses?  He stared at the apparition and the phantom stared back, seemingly quite amused with the whole ordeal though Bayard could see nothing at all funny in the matter.  Finally he could bear it no longer and spoke, as it seemed the ghost might stand there forever and say nothing.
“You are dead?!” gasped the boy.  
The man smiled, “perhaps.”  
Bayard gaped, “I saw the whole thing!”  
“Yes,” said the imperturbable figment.  
“But?” sighed the boy.  
“Yes?” queried the phantom.  
“Are you dead?” asked the boy, now quite given up on the idea of comprehending anything that was happening on the queerest day of his life.  
“Mortally speaking,” said the man, “but then one man’s entire lifespan is only a blink in the eye of eternity that I wonder now why we make such a great fuss about it and seem to think it is all the time we have.”  
“I do not understand,” said the thoroughly confused boy.  
The man grinned, “do you not remember anything I told you?”  
The boy sighed, “you had only just begun and with everything after it was quite easily overlooked.”  
The man nodded thoughtfully, “you are right of course.  Already I begin to forget the narrow and slanted view of things that mortality affords.  Things are much clearer now and there is no question about what is truly important.”  
“What is going on?” asked the desperate boy whose senses could stand no more metaphysical abuse at the moment.  
The man said, “what you take for a dream was a rare mortal glimpse at things through the eyes of eternity.”  
The boy was on the verge of collapse, “what?”  
The man smiled, “you just had the privilege of witnessing what very few see, save at the very end of their lives as they pass from life as you call it into life as those beyond what you call reality know it.  That is, from a living death into true life.”  The boy still did not understand.  The man sighed, this would be harder than he thought.  He said, “that gloomy plain was a metaphor for life as you know it: all useless toil and despair.  Men were busy about their self-important tasks, which appeared truthfully as the tediousness that they are, and were proud of or fought over things which matter not at all, until life fails them and they find themselves upon the point of death and on the brink of that horrible pit into which you nearly fell.  Only too late do they realize their folly and that they have neglected that which is most important and find themselves forever separated from all that really matters in the world and beyond it.  That little ray of light or joy or whatever you might call it was the briefest glimpse into what lies beyond for those who care to seek it.”  
“What is it?” asked the stunned boy.  
The man smiled, “that you must discover for yourself when your own time comes, if you decide to follow such a course.”  
The boy frowned, “what do you mean I must choose to follow such a course?”  
The man said, “all men are called to follow that road and find what waits at its further end but few are they that choose to set foot upon that path or remain faithfully upon it until the very end.  As I said, it is neither easy nor free of danger but it is well worth the effort.”
“How do I find such a path?” asked the anxious boy.  
The man said, “this vision was sent that you might start upon that path if you are willing and also that you might escape the grave danger that will soon fall upon you should you remain in your village.  You must set out with all haste if you wish to save your life, but more importantly your soul.  More you will learn if your heart remains true and your vision clear.”  
“True to what?” asked the confounded boy.  
The man smiled, “true to all that is right and good and wonderful.  True to the Power that brought the worlds into being and He who calls all men to this path though few enough heed His call.  Now all is confusion and mystery but soon enough you will come to understand if you but remain true.”  
The boy sighed, “why must you speak in riddles?”  
The man smiled, “it is not yet the time or place for us to speak freely but remember what you have seen and heard this night.  If you love your life and your soul, flee from all that you once knew.  You go not alone.”  
Suddenly all was darkness about him and then he was wide awake.  The moon was heavy in the small window and all the house was abed, but Bayard knew he would find no rest this night.  He dressed quietly and crept from the house.  The village was silent about him as he gazed at the moon and wondered at all that had passed this day.  His entire life had been turned on its head!  But could such as he possessed be truly called life?  There was something more, he felt it to the very core of his being but could not yet imagine what it was.  What was he to do?  Could he simply flee home based upon a bad dream and the words of a dead stranger?  But there was something in his words and in those visions that offered something he had never felt in his entire life: hope.  He would most likely get himself killed but he knew there was no way he could remain any longer at home.
As he contemplated these things alone in the moonlight, another midnight sojourner broke his reverie.  There stood Archer, with eyes bright and wide in the moonlight and the same astonished grin on his face.  Their eyes met and they smiled at one another for a moment and knew that each had had a strange night.  Without a word, they vanished from the gaze of the benevolent moon and anyone who might be out of bed at such a strange hour.  Their families awoke to find them gone without a trace and muttered about dark things in the night and the evils that haunted the unhappy world, but such was to be expected in a world without joy and their parents bore it well, for certainly those wretched lads had ceased from suffering the various torments that life could afford and were now well beyond all reach of sorrow and pain for this was their only solace.  
Three days later, a troop of soldiers rode into the village and its leader demanded to see each nearly grown lad, but he did not find the boys among them and demanded that all be brought forth.  “Are these all your pitiful sons?” demanded the dark soldier.  
The quavering father of one of the fled youths said, “two of our boys vanished in the night three days ago, otherwise these are all the lads that remain to us.”  
“Not any longer,” snarled the soldier and he motioned for his men to round up the young men and marched them out of the village and none ever knew what came of them.  The parents of the vanished boys found some comfort in that their children had not met such an end, if any comfort could be found in such things.

“Where are we going?” gasped Archer of Bayard as they jogged along in the night.  
Bayard laughed and relished the strange sensation, feeling free as he never had before.  Whatever came of their future, at least the dread of their past was left far behind.  He was giddy with excitement and the first stirrings of hope and joy that he had ever allowed himself to feel in living memory.  He panted, “I do not know but for the moment I do not care.  The very joy of living is upon me and it is long in coming thus it must be thoroughly enjoyed.”  Finally they ceased their headlong flight into the darkness and leant heavily against a great oak while they caught their breath.  
“And where are you heroes off to?” came a chirruping voice.  They glanced around looking for the source of the words but could see little now that the moon was low on the horizon and the wood was thick about them.  “Up here!” laughed the hoarse voice.  They gaped like toddlers at the sea but could see only a little splotch of white in the lower branches of the tree.  But after their tumultuous day, nothing was like to surprise them anytime soon.  Finally they were able to make out a magpie perched there, peering at them with eyes far too keen for any simple bird.  He laughed when finally he caught their eye, “well?”  
Bayard could not help smiling in spite of himself, for a talking bird seemed a rather anticlimactic end to their day.  He laughed, “we are not sure, but anywhere seems as likely at the moment.  We were just told to leave home.”  
The strange bird nodded far too sagely for something of the avian ilk and said, “you were wise to heed such advice but it is not so wise to run off without a destination.  You are like as not to run straight into the hands of those that pursue you!”  
Archer smiled, “and what might you recommend, oh bird who knows far too much?”  
Said the bird with a wink, “I shall see to it that you go not alone.”  He leapt into the air and vanished into the dark.  
The vague grey light of early morning began to creep into the depths of the wood, both boys were exhausted by the previous day’s ordeals and needed no coaxing to find a well hidden place to rest.  Hunger roused them early in the afternoon as they crept from their leafy bower, hoping to find something to eat but neither had packed anything for a journey and both were quite stiff from their strange sleeping arrangements and unaccustomed exercise.  They stretched, quenched their thirst and washed a bit in a muddy stream, and then took to the road once more.  As they walked, they spoke of their dreams and the talking bird and of the words of the stranger and wondered what the future might hold.  They were penniless wanderers but they had never been so excited in all their short lives.  Whatever lay ahead must certainly be better than all that had gone before.  
As the shadows began to lengthen, they found themselves coming to a small village upon whose edge stood an inn.  Unlike inns in every other story you might read, this one and most in this particular world was highly uninviting to strangers, for there was no trace of singing, banter, stories, or even a game of dice.  It was peopled by some of the scariest looking men you can imagine, for no one else dared travel abroad in those days and no trace of mirth was to be found in the place.  The boys peeped in at the dreary scene, having hoped to find a generous landlord who might exchange a few scraps for a night of menial labor but the fellow behind the counter looked as hard as the soldiers they had met only the day before and there was something of a sinister look in his eyes that they did not like at all.  They wisely chose to move on quickly and lost all hope of finding something to satisfy their hunger.  Their movements however did not go unnoticed.  As they vanished once more into the nocturnal shadows, they acquired a silent shadow of their own.
They lay down in a secluded glade and though exhausted from their recent adventures and the rigors of a day on the road, their complaining stomachs threatened to keep them awake long into the night.  A branch cracked and a shadow loomed tall in the night; the fickle light of the rising moon gleamed on the edge of the bared sword.  The boys tried to retreat further into the darkness but knew it was folly to turn their backs on such a foe.  It would be better to face such an end with their enemy before them.  But death did not come quickly as they had feared, for the man put up his sword and a quiet laugh echoed through the glade, “you certainly do need an escort it seems, else you will starve before ever you reach your destination which I was told you do not even have.”  
The boys exchanged a relieved smile and crept from the shadows.  Bayard said, “please sir, tell us what strange story we have fallen into?”  
The man smiled, “each man’s life is a strange story but none knows the telling until all is said and done.  I only happen to share a few chapters with you until you are wise enough to continue on alone.”  
Archer asked, “who are you, what is your business, and how did you find us?”  
The man laughed, “my name is Roland and I am afraid my business pertains to keeping two hapless wanders out of trouble until they decide to seek company elsewhere.  As to the finding, let us just say that little birds sometimes carry tales.”


Excerpt from ‘The Serpent and the Unicorn: Book IV:’

The rain streamed down in sheets and lightening flashed outside the window of the darkened room.  Two men faced one another in the darkness; neither moving but both moments away from death should one or the other decide to end the conversation with violence.  “Are you a fool?” snarled a deep voice, “or merely a coward?  To abandon all that you once were to save your own life is pathetic!”  
“I am neither,” said the other man calmly, “if what I have lost by forsaking my vows could have been called life then I would rather be dead than to again endure enslavement to evil and gain nothing in return but a deadened heart.  I was a fool not to see it sooner!  Death is far better than anything the darkness can offer and life lived in service to the Master is far better still.  I have lost nothing I would not throw away a thousand times over.  I have gained life itself and far more than that.  Come out of the shadows and forsake the darkness.”  
The deep voice paused and then said, “they have truly gotten to you have they not?  You are no longer the man I once knew.”  
The other voice laughed, “that man was a lie, a half-dead excuse for a human being.  I am now the man I ever should have been.  ‘They’ have not simply gotten to me, I have embraced their tenets fully and with gladness.”  
“You are mad!” shrieked the deep voice, “our masters are furious.  Do you know what they will do to you if they catch you?”  
The voice laughed again, “they can only kill and torture the body.  What awaits them and all of their faithful servants after this life is ended is far worse than anything they could ever do to me.  They have no claim on my soul.  I do not fear even the worst they can do.”  
“What is this nonsense of a soul?” scoffed the dark voice, “we all know very well that this life is all there is and then nothing after.  You speak lies driven into your shallow mind by your new masters.”  
The other man laughed, “it is your masters that lie!  Mine can only ever tell what is true.  It is yours that lie to everyone, including themselves.  You should know how little the truth matters to such as I once was.  Do not die alone and forgotten in the service of those who care nothing about you except how you can be of benefit to their own schemes: a simple tool to be replaced.  I do not ask you to join the Brethren, but at the least forsake evil.”
“This from the man who should have been greatest amongst us after the Battle of the Plains!” sneered the dark voice, “you slew one of our greatest enemies and then turn around and joined their ranks!  What fell sorcery is this?”  
“Not sorcery,” said the other man, “a humbled and broken heart redeemed and renewed by love.  There is no more powerful force on earth.”  
“Bah!” said the deep voice, “you are forever lost to us.  I should destroy you and end this madness forever.”  The other voice laughed, “this madness as you call it will not end with me.  Until the end of time there shall be a voice crying the Truth no matter what the forces of evil do to destroy or corrupt it.  I am just one voice among a great throng.”  
“I have heard enough,” snarled the deep voice, “this conversation is ended.”  Colin clutched his sword preparing to defend himself, but his foe leapt out the window into the downpour and galloped off into the darkness.  He could pursue the man into the storm, but something kept him from a futile chase.  He had tried, but it was now up to his former colleague to decide whether or not to forsake the darkness.  
A year gone, he had been such as the fled man: a man who had sold his very soul into slavery for the sake of power beyond mortal dreaming.  He had received power, but also an empty and meaningless life.  He had even managed to capture one of the Brotherhood of the Serpent’s greatest foes which should have brought him even more reward from his dark masters.  But after killing the man, he felt nothing in the great gaping chasm that was his own heart: no triumph, victory, or joy.  Nothing!  The man who had fallen by his hand had died more honorably than he had ever lived.  At that moment, his heart had broken where once he had simply ignored it and his conscience.  He had given himself into the hands of the man’s allies and instead of slaying him justly and ending the torment roiling in his mind, they had offered him the chance to join them!  It was the strangest tale he had ever heard and it was his own story.  He had taken their offer and had since been a dedicated servant of the Master of All who was able to fill the void that all the power in the world could not.  After a period of training in Astoria, the home of the Brethren, he had been sent out in search of what remained of his former colleagues.  The Brotherhood had been dealt a terrible blow during the events surrounding the Battle of the Plains and there were now few of them about and they went about in even greater secrecy.  Colin had tracked down several of them and tried to talk them into forsaking their dedication to evil, but it was almost impossible to talk a man out of something he believed with all his heart.  It took the man himself realizing that he had been serving a lie to bring about such contrition.  A few words from a former colleague could plant a seed, but it was up to the man himself to make the final decision.  Colin hoped his efforts had not been in vain.  He sighed as he sheathed his sword and made his way back to the common room of the inn.  He took a seat at a table and sipped at a mug of tea, trying to calm the riot of thoughts that pranced through his mind.  He had exhausted his resources in trying to locate his former colleagues; his latest prey had been his last.  Any more encounters must occur without his help.  It was time to return to Astoria and see where the Lady would send him next.  He retired to his room and was off before sunrise.

Bristol rode up to the gates surrounding the massive structure that had been constructed to house the Academy.  Syre was home to the University and its myriad professors in all things useless.  The Academy was Arca’s answer.  It had been founded not long after the return of the King’s fourth daughter from her travels.  She had brought with her a man she later married and whom she had convinced to found this very institution.  The King was a lover of all things involving knowledge, wisdom, philosophy, and lore (or those things that could be mistaken for them) and he gladly accepted his daughter’s proposal of starting the Academy, if only to prove to Syre that what they could do, Arca could do just as well, if not better.  So it was that Princess Kalyn and Raye her faithful husband founded the Academy, which many hoped would prove a better educational institution than the University.  At the University anything and everything was taught, except that which might actually be useful.  Raye had been a dedicated student of the University and was determined to make the Academy into what the University should have been.  The University plodded along as usual, happily oblivious to everything going on in the world not directly involved with itself.  It was not happy to have a rival, but perhaps a little competition would stimulate growth and interest.  The gates stood open and the guards eyed him suspiciously, but recognizing him as an official advisor to the King allowed him to pass unchallenged.  He left his mount to graze at will upon the wide lawn and went in search of the High Chancellor.  The Lady had asked him to keep a close eye on this monstrosity as it grew and developed, and it was time for his weekly meeting with Raye about how things were going and in which direction they were headed.  The Lord Chancellor met Bristol in his study.  Bristol bowed formally, shut the door behind him, and took the now familiar seat.  It was strange speaking to a mere youth as one would a King or Ambassador, but such were the circumstances and Bristol spoke with the boy as he would any other dignified person.
“Come once more to supervise my actions?” laughed the boy.  
Bristol smiled lightly, “I suppose you could call it that.  We wish not to interfere, but this institution could play an important role in the future of our world and the Lady wishes to know that things are progressing smoothly to the benefit off all.  It would be a tragedy to have your dream result in nothing but another cesspool of worthless information like the University.”  
Raye laughed, “your confidence is underwhelming.”  
Bristol shook his head, “I do not doubt your intentions or your heart.  But I know how quickly great aspirations can fall far short if not scrupulously attended to.  I have great hopes for this institution of yours, for the world needs a purveyor of true knowledge.”  
Raye smiled, “I am glad to have your good wishes and we dearly hope not to disappoint, but the Brethren must remember that this is not Astoria and thus not under their control.  We will ask for your advice should we wish it, but your interference will not be appreciated.  We wish one day to rival Astoria in our ability to teach such a depth, breadth, and quality of knowledge but without the spiritual underpinnings.  The Master and his Truth are all well and good in themselves, but we are not here to make disciples but scholars.  We wish for free thought as well as wisdom.  I shall happily answer your questions and listen to your suggestions, but you are not to take any actions regarding the Academy without my direct permission.  Are we understood?”  
Bristol smiled, “I never wished nor expected it otherwise.  The Brethren are not here to subvert your plans; we only hope to assist you in them should you wish it.  May I ask how things progress?”  
Raye smiled proudly, “we already have over a hundred eager students.  We are scouring the world looking for real experts in a variety of subjects; we will not sell our professorships to the highest bidder nor allow anyone with unfounded theories to teach our classes.  Our teachers will be well versed in real knowledge else they will have no place here.”  
Bristol nodded, “I am happy to hear that.  What will your students do when they finish their course of study?”  
Raye shrugged, “that has yet to be determined, but I think an education such as ours will equip them to enter a variety of trades or to act as advisors to Kings and Merchants, among other things.  If they only become better citizens I think we will have been successful.  Many will probably go on to further study in hopes of one day finding a teaching position of their own.”
“What will be your official stance on the Brethren?” asked Bristol, “I know the University is not particularly friendly with us.”  
Raye shrugged, “we have nothing against you and respect your knowledge and authority on many things.  We just wish for a less ‘religious’ approach to knowledge.  Your comrades are free to come and study here if they wish, just like any other person.  If one of you wishes to teach and we find them qualified they may do so, though we would ask that they leave all reference to the Master out of their lessons unless perhaps they are teaching a class specifically on the subject.  I do not mind particular classes on that sort of thing, but I will not have it sporadically thrown in no matter the subject.  The students should understand that knowledge can exist apart from such beliefs.  If they wish to pursue those beliefs on their own time, that is their choice.  I will not have them indoctrinated simply because they wish to learn.”  
Bristol laughed, “I thank you for the clarification.  You seem convinced that we are all unwilling converts who sold our souls for a little knowledge.”  
Raye grew serious, “I saw what such teaching did to Geff and Kard.  They had promising careers ahead of them, but now their lives and minds are enslaved to the Brethren.”  
Bristol laughed once more, “we are not mindless slaves.  I would think you would have learned that by now.  We are willing servants and just because we serve the Master does not mean we have lost all of our sense or fail to use our wisdom and skills for the benefit of others.  Those boys have chosen to sacrifice their own ambitions to serve others, as have I.  We did so willingly and not without much thought.  We do not require anyone to take the Oath to learn in Astoria, they may stay as long as they like and have no requirement to join the Brethren.  Yes, many of our lessons are laced with references to the Master and the Truth, but that is the basic foundation upon which the whole world is based and through which all knowledge is interpreted.  Without the Master there would be nothing at all and if there were it would be complete chaos.  We make no apology for teaching the Truth because it is the basis for all other wisdom; without it knowledge is vain.”  
“We shall agree to disagree then,” smiled Raye, “was there anything else you wished to discuss?”  
Bristol shook his head, “is there anything you wish me to convey to the Lady?”  
Raye said no.  Bristol stood and bowed formally and said, “I thank you for your time Lord Chancellor and I shall see you again at this time next week if it is convenient.”  Raye smiled and waved the man out.  Bristol made his way back to the palace to write his report to the Lady; she would not be pleased.

Tia sat patiently in the hall waiting upon Princess Kalyn’s convenience.  Finally a servant appeared and beckoned her into the girl’s presence.  She had not seen the girl for almost a year, since their little adventure had ended.  The girl had been a complete nuisance at home and her father was desperate enough for a solution that he agreed to allow her to accompany Tia on a journey which had taken them on a strange, twisting route and ended in Astoria.  There the girl had attended a few classes and spoken with the Lady a few times, but spent most of her time pursuing the boy called Raye.  The girl had always been a determined flirt and had once pursued Pallin to the extent that it required legal intervention to get her to drop her designs on the man.  She had finally found herself an acceptable husband in Raye who was now in charge of making the Academy a reality.  Tia was on the return journey to Astoria after completing her latest assignment and felt she must visit the girl before heading home.  It would be interesting to see what the girl had made of herself and her new position in life.  Her father was relieved simply to have her no longer a menace to every eligible man in the Kingdom!  Tia bowed herself into the lady’s presence with an appropriate amount of formality.  
“Are you come once more to watch my every action?” asked the girl lightly.  
Tia smiled, “this is simply a social visit.  I was riding through Arca and felt I must stop and give my greetings.  How are you?  Much has happened in the last year.”  
The girl smiled happily, “yes, I am finally married and the world may rest in peace  until the next threat to international security should arise.  The Academy is already gaining quite a reputation and we are only in the very early phases of our plans.  I am so excited; it is nice to finally have a purpose in life.”  
Tia smiled, the girl had grown much.  She asked, “and what are your aspirations for this institution?”  
The girl glowed with pride, “we hope it will one day crush the University into dust or perhaps encourage it to become a more useful resource for learning.  One of my greatest hopes is that we will produce enough qualified individuals who can travel from village to village and teach youngsters what their parents cannot.  The children of the common folk are greatly lacking in more of an education than that which is required to survive in a village or on a farm.  I think all children should have access to a proper education.  If we can produce enough qualified teachers, we can influence the entire world.”  
Tia said, “centuries ago it was one of the duties of the Brethren to provide such an education to the world’s children.  We have not had the numbers in recent years to maintain such an influence, but you are right in saying it is something that must be attended to.”  
The girl laughed, “I think it good that your influence has waned, while your knowledge is no doubt of benefit your beliefs may prove offensive to some and should not be intertwined in what you pass along to your students.  I think the Academy shall be the answer to that problem.  We shall teach wisdom without mingling it with superstition and myth.  Empowerment with true wisdom unhindered by moral and ethical conundrums will allow humanity to reach heights it has yet even to dream of.  I mean no disrespect to your quaint system of beliefs, but we are moving into an age when reason and knowledge will rule the day and blind faith will no longer be required to explain our lives and purposes.”  
Tia smiled sadly, “I applaud your efforts with this Academy of yours, but I fear that your pursuit of knowledge simply for the sake of knowledge could be disastrous.  All good things were created by the Master for our use and enjoyment, but without submission to him, any and all of them can become corrupted and dangerous.  We have already seen this with the Legion of the Serpent and their pursuit of power and world conquest.  All things must be tempered by submission to some higher calling or code else they will consume us; we must be a servant to something whether it is power, knowledge, wealth, ourselves, or the Master.  I ask you to consider this as your plans reach fruition.”  
“Fascinating,” said Kalyn, “if I did not know better I would say you were jealous.  I know your fears, but you have no cause for alarm.  We mean the Academy to benefit all mankind, not to somehow enslave it.  I fear it is you and your comrades who are enslaved to this superstition of yours.  That is why we shall work to free others of such entanglements.  I bid you farewell.  Your myths have wearied me.”  Tia bowed herself out and went in search of Bristol.
She found him busily writing up a lengthy letter.  He looked up at her knock and beckoned her in.  “Where are you headed?” asked he abruptly.  
She said, “I am returning to Astoria at once.  I only stopped to give my greetings to Kalyn.”  
Bristol smiled, “you are exactly what I was hoping for.  I have a letter that must reach the Lady immediately.  This Academy is going in a worrisome direction and the Lady must know.”  
Tia nodded, “I just finished speaking with Kalyn and our conversation has me greatly concerned.  I shall take your letter and leave at once.”  Bristol thanked her and quickly finished his letter.  Tia was off for Astoria as soon as he had finished.  At least they had plenty of warning this time.  

General Karly sat in his study smoking his pipe and buried under a stack of reports.  A servant knocked and a tall, skinny man bowed himself in.  “Yes?” asked the General, happy for an excuse to temporarily abandon his endless paperwork.  
“Sir,” said the visitor, “I am called Yarl and have come on business from the King of Arca.  You may perhaps have heard that they are currently constructing an institution called the Academy, which we hope will one day be the seat of learning for the entire world.  It is my duty to seek out experts in all fields who would be willing to teach at the Academy.  I have come here to ask after any experts you may know in the areas of martial skill, military tactics, and military history.”  
Karly eyed him speculatively and said, “any experts I currently have are needed here to teach my own men.  I am sorry but I have no one to spare.”  
The man looked disappointed but not surprised, “is there anyone you could suggest that might be able to help me?”  
Karly smiled, “why not go bother Pallin.  I am sure he might be able to assist you.”  “
Pallin?” asked the man.  
Karly smiled, “just ask the servant.”  He went back to his reports and the man was forced to withdraw or stand there indefinitely and be ignored.  
The servant was waiting patiently outside the door and Yarl said, “the General suggested I speak to someone called Pallin.”  The servant set off without a word and Yarl was forced to follow or forever be lost in the bowels of the Citadel.  After a lengthy journey through the heart of the massive fortress, they came at last to a large hall in which a man stood lecturing two-dozen eager young men on some ancient battle.  Yarl waited patiently for the class to end and the students to finish with their questions before approaching the front of the room and the young man standing there.
“Can I help you?” asked Pallin of the stranger.  
“I am called Yarl and have come on business for the King of Arca.  The General thought you might be able to assist me.  I am recruiting experts to teach at the Academy and he claims they have none to spare.  I am currently looking for people to teach various martial skills, military tactics, and military history.  You seem to be a competent teacher, perhaps you would consider a change of position?”  
Pallin smiled, “is this Academy anything like the University?”  
The man blanched in horror and said, “no, it is to be what the University should have been.  The High Chancellor is seeking only the most capable experts to teach at his fine institution.”
Pallin laughed, “so that is what Raye is calling himself these days.  I wish him well in his little enterprise, but I cannot leave my current post without permission from the Lady.  That and I really have no interest in encountering Kalyn yet again.”  
The man looked aghast that Pallin spoke of his master and mistress in such familiar terms.  He cleared his throat and said, “I am sure this Lady of yours would be very happy to have a representative at the Academy.”  
Pallin said, “then you must ask her yourself.  I have no time for such foolish errands.  I am needed here.”  
The man looked irritated that Pallin was finding so little interest in an idea so glorious as the Academy.  He said, “where can I find this Lady of yours.  I am sure I can talk her into supporting my idea.”  
Pallin laughed, “I wish you well in your quest.  You shall find her in Astoria.  I bid you good day as my next class is starting soon.”  
“Astoria!” said the man, “you are one of the Brethren?”  He sighed, not thinking his master and mistress would be happy if he failed in his quest but not wanting to make the long journey to Astoria.  Certain views of the Brethren were not appreciated at the Academy, but they were also renowned for their knowledge and wisdom.  Perhaps Astoria would not be such a bad place to visit after all.  He thanked Pallin for his time and went in search of his horse.

After his final class, Pallin went in search of Karly.  The General grinned as he saw who his visitor was, “you are still here?  I thought you would already be on your way to Arca and its fabled Academy.”  
Pallin laughed, “I have no wish to go to such a place or do such a thing.  Nothing short of a direct order from the Lady can make me go thither.  Why did you fob the man off on me?  For all I know he is riding to Astoria as we speak.  I am not sure what the Lady will think of such a visitor.”  “
She has probably endured far worse than tedium,” said Karly, “at least he is not bothering me any longer.  You plan to continue your efforts here on my behalf?”  
Pallin smiled, “until the Lady sends me elsewhere, I am here to assist you.  I must say I am very impressed with your soldiers and your program.  It is far better than anything the Order ever dreamed of.”  
Karly smiled, he was very proud of his little army housed in the Citadel of Panmycea, the former headquarters of the now defunct Order of the Unicorn which had later become the Legion of the Serpent which was also extinct.  Karly said, “I could not have done it but for your assistance and that of the rest of your comrades.  I am hoping more education and more order will help prevent the disasters that destroyed our predecessors.  We must also cling strictly to our moral and ethical codes else we risk becoming what we hoped to destroy.”  
Pallin nodded, “I have no doubts as long as you are at the helm, but I wonder what will become of this group in a century or so.”  
“We will never live to see it,” said Karly, “but I hope it becomes what I intend it to be.”  
Pallin smiled grimly, “I may live to see it and I dearly hope it is all that you dream and more.  Else I will also live to clean up the mess.”  
Karly laughed, “I forget you Brethren tend to live a few centuries longer than the rest of us.  Just for your sake I shall do my best.”  
Pallin laughed as well, “I thank you very much for your efforts on my behalf.”

