Shadowmere
Dimensions Saga Book 3

By T.M. Nielsen
Published by T.M. Nielsen at Smashwords

Find us at
http://www.dimensionssaga.com

Copyright © 2011 by T.M. Nielsen

Digital Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Chapter 1

“Take it easy on him,” the captain said, looking over the knight with a flail.  “He’s new to this weapon, but I see no other way we can get training.”
The knight nodded and then readied the flail.  His opponent, a knight with a long-sword, unsheathed it and stood ready.
“I have another idea,” Kyrin said from beside the training ring.
“No, you don’t,” he told her.
“He doesn’t know how to use it.  What good is fighting an opponent that drops their weapon?”
“No”
“I can help.”
“No, you can’t.  I told you, King Alric has banned everyone from fighting with you anymore.”
“He’s not here.”
“No,” he said again, and turned to his knights.  “On the count of three.”
Kyrin crawled through the roped off section and walked over to the knight with the flail.  She reached up and adjusted his grip.
“Get out,” the captain told her.
“He’ll never be able to keep a hold on this if he doesn’t change his grip.”
“Out”
“Just a…”  She stopped talking when two knights began to drag her out of the ring.
The captain watched until she got outside of the fighting area again, and then he turned. “Okay, let’s start on three.”
Her jaw tightened. “Fine, but your precious knights are going to get their asses handed to them by someone who knows how to handle a flail for real.”
He ignored her and counted down, then moved out of the way of the fight.
Kyrin, irritated, turned and started for the trees.  She hated that she couldn’t help anymore with the knight’s training, especially when it came to teaching them to fight against her own weapon.  
Since Alric left the day before with Finn, she’d felt restless and now wished that she’d chosen to go with him.  He was going to be gone for a week, attending the coronation of a new town mayor in one of Valhara’s provinces.  
Daemionis’ temple was on its second month of construction, so she knew the way through the trees to its location well.  Eight of Daemionis’ followers worked non-stop on it, and the temple was almost complete.  
As she neared the temple, she was again surprised how much it looked like a dark, stone house.  It had a front porch and tall stone columns that rose up to the second floor.  The only thing differentiating it from a house was that it didn’t have any windows.
Kyrin walked up to the closest worker and watched him for a bit. “How’s it going?”
He glanced at her briefly before turning back to a bucket of mortar.  She knew he wasn’t going to answer, because Daemionis had sent eunuchs to attend to his new temple in Paragoy.  Not only were they castrated, but their tongues were removed in service to the demon.  Kyrin wasn’t sure if it was a punishment, or if it was their choice, but she often reveled in the silence their service brought.
Kyrin had had a hard time explaining to Alric the different levels of Daemionis followers.  The eunuchs were low ranking in Daemionis’ flock but high enough they were entrusted to keep an eye on temples around the dimensions.  Kyrin would outrank them, solely as an active fighting member of the order, which placed her as a leader in the temple by default.
The lowest ranking of Daemionis’ followers were the servants in his palace.  They were mostly trolls and ogres, and were beaten beyond having any sense of self or thought.  They did as they were told and walked around like the undead, following any order that Daemionis gave them.
Kyrin once walked into their living chamber by accident and had never been able to forget the vile acts they were performing on the floor.  They didn’t stop when she intruded into their quarters but offered to let her join them and went about their lustful exploits.  Just the thought made her shiver, but it had explained why Daemionis always had so many servants.  He bred them into existence.
She looked over when the heavy stone door opened, and one of the eunuchs stood aside so she could enter.  Taking the hint, she walked in and looked around at the inside of the temple.  She hadn’t been inside yet and was normally confined to the outside as the inside construction was deemed unsafe.
The room they walked into was massive and took up almost the entire first floor.  An intricately decorated ‘D’ was painted onto the wooden floor, and each wall had a set of shackles.  She’d always seen shackles on the walls of Daemionis’ temples but wasn’t brave enough to ask what they were for.
The eunuch moved back to one of the two doors in the room and opened it.  Kyrin walked over and entered into a large bedroom.  It had a single bed against the windowless wall.  Soft couches were off to the side of the fireplace, and two cribs stood in the corner.
“Is this my room?” she asked, running her hand along the soft blankets on the bed.
The eunuch nodded and then stepped back out of the room.  Kyrin followed him to the corner opposite her bedroom where a stone stairway led up to the second floor.  He walked up, followed by Kyrin, and she looked around at the living quarters there.
“Is this where you all will live?” she asked him.
He nodded again and stepped back so she could inspect the work they had done.  She went into each of the small bedrooms.  They were equipped with a blanket on the wooden floor, a table, and yet another set of shackles.  The rooms up here were colder than down below and offered no form of comfort.
When she came back out, she smiled. “Is it done then?”
The eunuch nodded.
“I’ll talk to Daemionis and let him know.  I think it looks adequate, and I’m sure he’ll be pleased.”
He led her back down the stairs, where the other seven eunuchs were waiting to hear what she thought.
“You’ve done a good job.  I’m sure he’ll come inspect it, but I will tell him, nevertheless,” Kyrin said.  
One of the workers began to unpack a chest that stood up against the wall.  In it were various weapons of torture, and he started hanging them on the walls next to the shackles.  
Kyrin hoped she never had to deal with any of that and walked into her bedroom again.  She sat down on the bed and looked around, grinning as she imagined Alric finding out she had not only a bedroom but cribs for the twins as well.  She knew that Daemionis wished to give her a place to get away if castle life became too much, and she was just glad that her room was set apart from those of the eunuchs.
She laid back on the bed and had to admit that it was pretty comfortable.  She was more used to beds now, and this one was firm and the blankets were soft.  The room was very quiet, unlike their room in the castle that picked up noises from cleaning and knights patrolling the stairs.  
Kyrin looked over when she heard a knock on the door. “Enter.”
One of the eunuchs came in and stood aside again.
“Do you want me to come out?”
He just watched her.  Kyrin couldn’t tell them apart.  They all wore the same black robes and were hairless, another sign of Daemionis’ eunuchs.  She got up and followed him out into the large main room.  He motioned for her to stand beside the front door, and just as she turned, two of the eunuchs were lifting the wooden floor that had the ‘D’ painted onto it.
Beneath the floor was a set of stairs that led down into darkness.
“What’s down there?” she asked, walking toward it.
The closest eunuch stepped down onto the stairs and began to descend, so Kyrin followed him.  They were in complete darkness until he lit a lantern and held it up, so she could see.  Hidden beneath the floor was another bedroom.  This one was exactly like the one above that was assigned to her but had a table, chairs, and another set of shackles.
“I’m not sure what this is for,” she said.
The eunuch motioned to her.
“It’s mine?”
He nodded.
“Why do I need two bedrooms?”
The floor in the main entryway shut suddenly, and she was cut off from the rest of the temple.  Finally, she nodded. “It’s to hide.”
She looked up and realized that if she was quiet, no one would know she was beneath them, but that she could hear what was going on above her.  She smiled.  Daemionis was giving her the perfect get-away from castle life and the most comfortable place to go if she and the Valharans were to have an argument.
After walking back up the steps, she headed to the only other door leading off of the main room.  It opened into a small kitchen with a single stove.  It had one cupboard that contained only 11 plates, 11 bowls, and 11 stone mugs.
“Where do we eat?” she asked, turning to the closest eunuch.
He walked over to one of the walls and laid down a long table that was built to hide in the wall when not in use.
“Oh, nice.”
Kyrin watched as one of the eunuchs began to pull off his robe.  She was curious, because he was completely naked beneath it.  He walked over to one of the walls with the shackles and faced the cold stone.  Two others walked up and began to shackle him in.
“What’s going on?” she asked.
One of the eunuchs pulled a cat o’ nine tails off of the wall and held it out for her.
She frowned slightly. “I don’t really want to beat him.”
He nodded and then turned to do the job himself.  Not sure she wanted to watch either, she left the temple and started back for the castle.  The summer day was turning out extremely hot, and by the time she reached the castle, she’d shed the thick tunic and was down to the thinner, sleeveless shirt she wore beneath it.  
She was surprised to see the knights had changed out of their plate mail and were in battle tunics, which had to be cooler than the metal but still extremely hot.  They avoided looking at her, which irritated her.  She always hated how proper things had to be and how they treated her differently if she wasn’t in full tunic or a long dress.
Heading up the stairs, she just ignored the knights turning away from her and went into the bedroom where Azimeth was supposed to be watching the twins.  Instead of the elf, she found one of the priests watching the twins play on the floor.
“Who’re you?” she asked him.
“I’m Gibson.”
“Oh, where’s Azimeth?”
“She is having lunch.”
“You can go,” she said, and then knelt down and began stripping the heavy clothes off of Ryche.  The top levels of the castle were even warmer than outside and both of the twins were covered in sweat, and their hair was plastered to their heads.
“What are you doing?” Gibson asked her.
“Cooling them off.”  When Ryche was down to just a diaper, she started stripping Sedomer.
“As princes, they should remain fully clothed.”
“It’s too hot.”
“It’s not proper.”
“I said you can go.”
He watched her. “With King Alric gone, it is my duty to tell you that both you and the princes are improperly dressed.”
Kyrin sighed and then stood up. “It’s hotter than hell in here, and there’s no reason to be in a long-sleeved dress.”
“Except that it’s provocative.”
“It is not!  I’m not showing anything but my arms.  If you’re turned on by bare arms, then I suggest you leave.”
“I am not.  However, as Lady of Valhara, it’s your responsibility to uphold proper traditions and to remain covered to show respect to our traditions.  Your morals might be in question if others were to see you so sparsely dressed.”
“So because my arms are showing, they will think I’m cheating on Alric?”
“Perhaps, especially with the men you are spending so much time with.”
“The eunuchs?”
“They are?” he gasped.
“Of course they are.  This conversation is irritating me, and I’m again asking you to leave!”
“I will leave when the princes are once again in adequate attire.”
“They’re 14-months-old!  It’s hot.  They’re sweating, and there’s nothing wrong with cooling them off.”
“It’s immodest.”
“Get out!”
“No”
“Fine!  I’m not going to stay around here in this heat and get judged by you.”  Kyrin took the twin’s hands and began to go to the door.
“You cannot leave dressed like that!”
She ignored him and started down the stairs.  He followed her, still trying to convince her that her loyalty to her husband would be in question if she didn’t cover her arms.
Kyrin was surprised that she would need the seclusion of the temple so soon.  She figured it’d be awhile before she went to it to get away from the Valharans but saw no better time than when under the insulting insinuations of this priest.  Outside, the sun beat down on them, but she kept heading for the trees.  She knew it would be cooler in their shade.
Walking with the twins was slow going, but she thought it was too hot to carry them.  Instead, she kept a tight grip on their sweaty little hands and matched their pace.
By the time they got to the trees, two more priests had joined Gibson.
“My Lady,” one of them said calmly.  “I’m sure Gibson just came off wrong.  However, the princes are drastically under dressed.”
She didn’t reply but watched the trees slowly moving closer.
Kyrin smiled when she reached the trees, and the priests stopped following her.  She suspected that they weren’t allowed to enter the forest leading to Daemionis’ temple and took a mental note.  That information would come in handy.
By the time they reached the temple, a warm rain had started and the entire forest was muggy and even hotter.  She heard screams from the front porch and carefully opened the door to make sure no one was being attacked.  
The shackled eunuch was still in the middle of getting a lashing, so she stepped in with the twins and shut the door behind her.  She wasn’t sure what he’d done, but his back was a mass of bloody welts, and his screams of anguish filled the temple.
She walked past them quickly and into her room, where she immediately stripped the diapers off of the twins and then slipped off her pants.  She laid back on the bed, now covered in sweat and still irritated at the priests.  The twins didn’t seem to be bothered by the horrific screams coming from the outer room, and they began looking around the bedroom.
In the heat, she drifted off to sleep while the twins played on the floor.  The screams finally stopped and the entire temple fell silent.  
Several hours later, she woke up when there was a knock on her door.  She sat up. “Enter.”
One of the eunuchs came in and then stood aside.  She glanced at the twins and saw them heading for the door.  Deciding that no one here really cared that she was wearing only panties and a thin top, she followed them out.
There was a table set out, and dinner was already there.  The eunuchs waited to be seated, and she took the hint and sat the twins before pulling up a chair for herself.  The eunuchs sat down after her and began dishing up plates for everyone.  She grabbed a glass of cold water and drank it before starting to eat.
Movement caught her eye, and she turned to see the eunuch still shackled to the wall as blood dripped down his back and legs.
“Is he okay?” she asked, taking a bite of steak.
The eunuch beside her nodded and kept eating.  She briefly wondered how they ate with no tongues but then shrugged it off and enjoyed the meal.  None of them seemed to care that there were two naked toddlers at the table, nor that she was showing more skin than normal.  
She smiled when she thought of how mad the priests of Sithias would be and figured they would probably pass out if they saw what she was wearing.  The temple was cooler than the castle though, because of the heavy tree cover, but it was still too hot to stay dressed, and her hair was wet with sweat.
The meal was in total silence, and even the twins seemed unusually quiet.  The heat was draining, and once finished, everyone retreated to their rooms.  
Kyrin tucked the twins into the cribs but left off any blankets.  She laid back on top of the covers of the bed and soon fell asleep.  Late into the night she heard screams again, but this time, they formed words.  She sat up, stretched, and then checked on the twins before going out to see what was going on.
As she shut the door behind her, she looked out over the small creature restrained to the floor above the painted ‘D’.  He was screaming and thrashing while the eunuchs readied weapons.  Figuring they were about to sacrifice, she checked long enough to make sure it wasn’t a Valharan, and then knelt down beside one of the eunuchs.
He looked over at her, stood up, and took her hand and helped her to stand.  Not sure what was going on, she let him lead her over to the far wall, and then he returned to his spot with the suffering dwarf.
“Am I not allowed to sacrifice?” Kyrin asked him, irritated.
He looked at her and then turned back to the dwarf.  Feeling odd at being in the room without helping, she went outside to get her a glass of water from the well.
When she got back, the sacrifice was already dead and his heart was torn out and tossed to the side.  She set her glass down and then picked up the heart and threw it out into the night.  The second it hit the ground, wolves descended on the still warm heart and carried it off.
Walking around the sacrifice, Kyrin noticed that the eunuch on the shackles was gone.  She grabbed her water and went back into the bedroom to see if she could fall asleep in the heat.
She woke up early the next morning when Ryche woke up crying.  Kyrin sat up and looked over at him, and then sighed at the heat in the room.  Deciding she might as well take them to the lake to cool off, she slipped on some pants and picked up both of the twins.
When she opened the door, the temple was quiet and the spot of the sacrifice was pristinely clean.  She walked out the door, cringing at the muggy air, and then put the twins on the ground to walk to the lake.  Their naked, sweaty bodies were too hot to carry and too slippery to keep a good grasp on.
It was an hour later when they arrived at the clear lake.  Kyrin sat down a few feet into the water and let the twins play and splash.  She was hoping the water would be cooler, but it was still better than being out in the sweltering heat.
While they played, she thought back on running from the castle to the temple.  She didn’t actually consider it running.  She was loyal to and trusted only Alric.  The others were merely something she had to endure to be near him.  She felt no loyalty to them and didn’t feel like she had to put up with their insults and accusations when Alric wasn’t around.
Kyrin smiled at Ryche, who was looking more like Alric as he grew older.  She was still surprised how much she loved the twins.  It had taken time.  She was aware of that, but it was solid, and she felt a unique and severe bond to them.  Never before had she thought she would trust a man, nor that she would give him children that she also loved.  It was now comfortable, and she began to wish that Alric was back already.
Sedomer looked similar to Alric but not as much as Ryche.  Both of the twins had blond, curly hair, but somehow, Sedomer managed to have dimples, which neither she nor Alric had.  As they played, she wondered what it would be like to have a friend at such a young age or to have parents who cared about you and were protective and loving.
She realized her ways were different and that a lot in the castle saw her parenting as inadequate and odd.  Emerisa was her only supporter, often telling her that as a mother, she could do whatever she thought was right.  Alric agreed with Emerisa’s views, but the inhabitants of the castle snarled and huffed when she made a decision about the twins.  
Kyrin still saw no reason that the two 14-month-olds had to stay completely dressed in such scorching heat.  It seemed the logical choice to disrobe them to keep them cooler.  She also saw no reason that she had to stay in long-sleeves in the heat.  What she had on only exposed her arms and didn’t seem to bother the eunuchs in any way.
She was also aware that her sleeveless shirt showed off the wolf tattoo on her shoulder that she wore to honor Daemionis.  The tattoo made the priests nervous.
A noise in the brush broke Kyrin’s thoughts, and she sat up and tensed.  Her flail was within reach, and she was just grabbing for it when a gray wolf appeared and walked toward the water.  He leaned down beside the twins and began to drink from the warm water.
Kyrin relaxed back and watched him.  No wolf would be that close to a human, unless he was sent by Daemionis.  She wondered why he thought they needed a wolf escort but wouldn’t dare to question him.  When he finished drinking, the wolf sat down and looked over the lake.

***

Kyrin stood back and let the water from the waterfall flow over her.  She’d discovered a few days ago that the water pouring into the lake from above was cooler than the rest.  It felt amazing to be out from the heat, and she shut her eyes and leaned her face up into the refreshing water.
The keeper was sitting in the water with the twins.  Both were focusing in on tiny frog creatures in the water and were trying in vain to catch one of them.  The eunuch wasn’t paying attention to Kyrin.  He had his orders to watch the twins, and he never broke an order.
When Alric stepped out into the clearing by the lake, he smiled down at the twins.  Finn and two knights followed him and surveyed the area for signs of a threat.  The twins were completely naked, and Ryche had just knelt into the water after a frog.  Sedomer was watching him with awe, and his hands were cupped over a frog that was held between them.
The eunuch looked up at Alric when he walked closer, and then he turned back to the twins, disinterested.  Alric saw movement and looked over toward the waterfall.  His eyes grew wide when he saw Kyrin.  Finn chuckled and turned away when they saw she was in only panties and a shirt, which was now almost completely sheer.
Alric started to get mad that she would be like that in front of one of Daemionis’ followers but saw that the eunuch had no interest in her.  After dropping down into the water, Kyrin saw him and then smiled and swam toward the edge of the water.
“Welcome back,” she said, walking over to her clothes.  She slipped them on over her wet body as Alric watched.  
“Thanks,” he said, not quite sure he was comfortable with what she had been doing.
Kyrin moved to him quickly and kissed him before turning to the eunuch. “Dry them off.  Let’s head back.”
He nodded and then shuffled the twins out of the water.  Alric just shook his head when his sons started toward the woods, still entirely naked.
“No clothes?” he asked, heading after them.
Kyrin sighed, not sure if he was going to agree with the priests. “It’s too hot for clothes.”
“Is that what the fight was over when you ran?” Alric took her hand as they walked toward the temple.
“I didn’t run.”
“Okay, then, is that what the fight was over when you decided to relocate?”
She smiled. “Yes, actually.  That and the fact I didn’t want to wear long-sleeves either.”
“Are you going to relocate to the temple any time things get rough?”
“No.  I told you, I don’t run from confrontation.”
“Then what do you call it?”
“I called it not wanting to be insulted.”
“Insulted?”
“Yes.  The priest pretty much told me that if I wore just the under-shirt, I would be thought of as promiscuous.”
“He did?!”
“Yes.  I don’t see wanting to be cooler a sign that I’m going to cheat on you.”
“I’ll talk to them about that.”
Screams could be heard when they neared the temple.  Alric was surprised that neither the eunuch, nor Kyrin, hurried their steps to see if there was a problem.  They stopped just outside of the black stone structure, and the knights started forward toward the screams, but Finn held them back.
“Do you want to see inside?” Kyrin asked.
“Do you want to see what the screams are?” Alric countered.
“I know what they are.  Nothing’s wrong.  I’ll show you around though.”
“No, I don’t believe I’m allowed to go in there.”
“Why not?”
He smiled. “I’m just not.  Why don’t you gather your things, and we’ll wait out here for you?”
“Okay, I’ll be right back,” she said, and then ran up to the porch.  The door opened before she got to it, and she disappeared inside, followed by the eunuch.
“He’s a quiet fellow,” one of the knights mentioned, breaking an awkward silence.
Finn turned to him. “He has no tongue.”
“Sir?”
“Tongue… it’s been removed.”
“Why?”  The knight looked horrified.
“You’d have to ask Kyrin.  They’re hairless, tongueless eunuchs.”
“What’s a eunuch, sir?”
Alric just chuckled and turned to the door when Kyrin came out.  She was back in the long-sleeved tunic and had the twins’ clothes over her arm.
“Ask Kyrin,” Finn suggested.
“Do you not know, sir?”
“Oh, I know.”
“Ready then?” Alric asked her.  He was still uncomfortable with the anguished screams coming from inside.
“Yup, let’s go.”  She took his hand, and they started for the castle.  Finn picked up one naked twin while another knight took the other.
“Ma’am?” the closest knight said, catching up to her.
She looked over at him, surprised he’d spoken to her.
“May I ask you a question?”
“Okay”
Alric chuckled.  Her hand tensed around his when the knight spoke.
“The captain mentioned that those men in the temple have no tongues, no hair, and are what he called a eunuch.”
“Yes”
“Why, ma’am?”
“Why to which part?” she asked, laughing.  She thought it was funny how uncomfortable he was asking, and she wondered why he didn’t just ask Finn.
“Well, why hairless?”
“To stop any form of identity.”
He thought about that for a moment. “I don’t think I understand.”
“They are to focus on Daemionis and nothing else.  The uniform look of no hair stops any form of vanity or self-identification.” 
“Why the no tongue then?” he asked, now very interested.
Kyrin shrugged slightly. “Speaking gets in the way of worship.  Their lives are dedicated to Daemionis, and silence helps that.”
“Did he do it to them?”
“I’m not actually sure.”
“Was it a choice?”
“I think so.  I’ve never asked them,” she said, smiling.  “Course, even if I did, they couldn’t answer.”
Kyrin glanced back at Finn, who was stifling a laugh.  The other knight was still carrying a twin and was walking along beside them, listening to her every word.
“Then the other part.  What’s a eunuch?” the knight asked her.
“Ask Alric.”
“Sir?” He looked over at his king.
“Nope, they’re your order.  You explain,” Alric said.
“Finn?” Kyrin asked.
“I’m not saying either.”
“Fine,” Kyrin said, trying not to smile.  “They have no… you know.”
“No, I don’t,” the knight replied.
“Go ahead, Kyrin.  Spill it,” Finn said.  She looked over at him, and he grinned crookedly.
Kyrin nodded and then took a deep breath. “He has no… well… they have no… never mind.”
“I’d really like to know,” the knight said.
Alric started to feel bad how uncomfortable Kyrin was admitting it, so he interrupted, “They have no genitals.”
“Sir?” the knight gasped.
“You heard me.”
“Why?”
“It keeps the desires down,” Kyrin explained.  “Again, they are focused on Daemionis, nothing else.”
“That’s horrible!”
“That’s how it’s done.”
“Was that a choice?”
“I don’t know that either.”
They finished the walk to the castle in silence.  Kyrin took the twins and headed to the kitchen to find lunch.
Alric looked back at his knights. “He’s a demon.  Nothing he requires of his followers should really shock us.”
“Still,” the knight said.  “Do we need to save them?”
“It doesn’t look like they need saved.”
“Someone did!  There was screaming.”
“Screaming that neither the Lady nor the other eunuch seemed to think was abnormal.”
“It just seems wrong.”
Finn finally decided to interject, “It seems wrong to us because we are civil.  I’ve seen nothing but maliciousness from Daemionis.  Kyrin has interesting descriptions of his follower’s ranks.  Someday, I suggest you ask her about it.”
“Sir?”
“You can talk to Lady Kyrin.  Ask her,” Alric suggested.  “It may help alleviate some of the fear surrounding her if you got to know her a little.”
He nodded but didn’t speak.  After a few seconds, he left to return to his post.
Finn looked over at the king. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah”
He simply walked off.  Alric took a deep breath and then went into the dining room to find Kyrin and the twins.  They were already eating lunch when he sat down and was immediately served his food.
Kyrin looked over at him. “You seem kind of mad about something.”
“Not really.”
She studied him. “Are you mad that I took the twins to the temple to get away from the priests?”
“No”
“Then what is it?” she asked.  She put her fork down and turned in her chair to face him.
“It’s just…”
“What?”
“You were barely dressed when I found you.”
“I was alone before you got there,” she said.
“That eunuch was there.”
“He doesn’t count.”
“How does he not count?  I could see through your shirt.”
“I was hot!”
“Still, I thought you were more private than that,” Alric said.
“I am!  He doesn’t count and can’t even really be considered a man.”
“Eunuch or not, he’s still a man.”
“So you’re jealous?”
“No, concerned about you around them is all,” Alric told her.
She sat back. “I can be naked around them.  It doesn’t matter.  They are nothing.”
“Have you been?”
“Alric…”
“… I’m not jealous.  However, it’s of some concern if you’re running around men half dressed.”
“Eunuchs”
“I don’t care.”
“I didn’t realize you had those thoughts.  I’m sorry.”
“I don’t think you realize how men think.”
“Oh, I do.  I don’t think you realize that they aren’t men.”
“It’s hard to see it that way.”
“Well eunuchs have no desires.  They aren’t interested in me at all.  I’m sorry though.  I’ll be more careful around them in the future,” Kyrin said.
“Okay, and then I’ll talk to those around the castle.  I agree that if the twins are hot, they shouldn’t be required to be fully dressed.”
“I’ll keep diapers on them.”
“That’s preferable.”
Kyrin started to laugh. “They pee all over everything!”
“I would imagine so.”
“It kept the eunuchs busy cleaning up after them.”
Alric grinned. “My boys, peeing in Daemionis’ temple.”
“Oh heavens.  Don’t let him hear you say it like that!”
“What do you do there all day?” Alric asked, eating.
“Just hang around mostly and try to survive the heat.”
“Horrible, isn’t it?”
“I need to talk to Daemionis though.  Something weird happened while the eunuchs were sacrificing.”
Alric inwardly cringed. “Sacrificing?”
“Don’t worry.  It wasn’t a Valharan.”
“Who was it?”
“It was a dwarf.  That’s not the point.  They wouldn’t let me join in, so I’ll have to do my own now.”
Alric really wanted to be able to talk to her about the problem, but his heart constricted at the thought of her killing an innocent creature to send to her demon god.
“I’m sorry.  I probably shouldn’t have brought that up,” Kyrin said, watching him.
“No, no it’s okay,” he told her.  “However, part of allowing a temple here was an agreement that you wouldn’t have to sacrifice anymore.”
“Daemionis said that?”
“Yes”
“He didn’t tell me.”
“Then ask him to make sure.  We don’t need you getting into any trouble.”
Kyrin smiled at him.
“What?” Alric asked.
She leaned forward and kissed him softly before sitting back to eat.
“What was that for?” he asked her.
“It’s because I love you.”
“I love you too.  Is there a however?”
“No, I just think it’s weird how much I trust you.”
He looked over at her, shocked. “You do?”
“Of course.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“You’ve proven that you’re different.”
“It only took how long?” he asked jokingly.  He didn’t want to act too shocked but was extremely happy that she admitted that she trusted him.
“Well it’s not easy to trust.”




Chapter 2

Kyrin rolled over in bed, suddenly feeling like she was being watched.  She sat up in the dark room and strained to see into the shadows. “Alric?”
When no one answered, she reached over to light her lamp but saw another movement.  Grabbing her flail, she flew to her feet and turned toward the dark shadows that were standing along the wall.
“Who’s there?” she asked defensively.
“Mika is tired of looking for you,” a harsh voice whispered.  “Come with us, and we’ll leave this dimension alone.”
Kyrin dodged when a sword strike threatened to hit her in the side.  She swung around and brought her flail toward the closest Shadowmere.  When the balls of the flail should have slammed into his head, they instead passed through him, and he disappeared in a puff of smoke.
She stepped back, shocked. “What…”
“You can’t kill us, Kyrin.  It’s time to return to the Shadowmere where you belong,” the closest member of the Apprehension Crew said to her.
“I’m not going with you!”
When the four remaining Shadowmere advanced on her, she began to attack.  Each time her flail should have connected, it flew through them with no damage.  She slowly backed up, breathing hard and not sure how to fight them.
“Ozehshiesh!” she screamed, slamming her hands together.
“There’s no use using magic on us,” the Shadowmere said.  “Come with us Kyrin, and take your place in Mika’s concubine.”
“Alric!”
It was only seconds later when two knights came into the room.  When they saw her flail readied, they drew their long-swords and moved closer to her.
“What’s going on?” one of them asked, looking around the empty room.
Kyrin moved forward slightly when all signs of the Shadowmere were gone. “Where did they go?”
“Who?”
Finn came in next with a lantern, and now that they could see, they were positive no one was in the room. “Kyrin?”
She turned and looked at him, still gripping her flail. “The Shadowmere were in here.”
“In here?!”  Finn moved around the room quickly, and the knights checked the wash room and the window.
“Everything’s shut up tight,” one of the knights said to him.
“Kyrin, what did you see exactly?” Finn asked her.
“Shadowmere!  I… I swear.  They were here.”
“Maybe it was a dream.”
“I was awake and talking to them.  They attacked me.”
“There’s no sign of them anywhere.”
“The window then,” she said, and moved to it quickly.  She tried to open it, but it was stiff and only opened a fraction of an inch.
“How could they get up to the top floor?” Finn asked.  “Kyrin, you had to have just been dreaming.”
“Why is everyone in here?” Alric asked, walking into the room.
“Kyrin was having a nightmare.”
“I was not!  The Shadowmere were here,” she told Alric.  “I saw them.”
He frowned and looked around the room. “Search this place.”
“We already did,” Finn told him.  “No one’s here.”
“I’m not lying,” Kyrin said.
Alric walked over to her. “I know you’re not.  No one’s here though.  It had to have been a dream.”
“Except that I was awake.”
The king motioned for the others to leave, and then he turned to Kyrin when they were alone. “Put your flail down, okay?  No one’s here that’s going to hurt you.”
She sighed and returned it to her bedside table. “I saw them.  He said Mika’s tired of looking for me.”
He took her hand and led her to the bed. “It was a nightmare.  I’m sorry I am so late to bed.”
She sat down, irritated. “It wasn’t a nightmare.  I was awake.”
“If you’re really worried about it, I’ll talk to Sithias in the morning and see if there was a breach, okay?”
“Would he know?”
“Yes, he would.  He’s watching the portals very carefully.”
“They were here.”
“I believe that you saw them,” he said, brushing the hair off of her shoulder.
“I’m not crazy.”
“Sure you are.”
“What?” she asked, not sure she heard right.
He laughed. “I’m kidding.  I know you aren’t crazy.  I bet you were just dreaming, and when you woke up, the shadows got you.”
“I guess.”
“I’m here now.  Let’s get some sleep.”
Kyrin looked once more around the room and then curled up against Alric in bed.  He fell asleep long before she did, but she eventually drifted off.
Early the next morning, Kyrin and Alric woke up to knocking on their door.
Alric made sure they were covered and then called out. “This better be good.”
“It’s Finn, sir.”
“Enter”
Finn came in, bowed slightly, and then turned away from them for privacy. “Sir, I’m sorry to bother you.  One of the eunuchs is at the front doors with a wolf.  We can’t figure out what he wants, and he’s starting to cause problems.”
“I’ll go see if I can figure it out,” Kyrin said, slipping out of bed.  She disappeared behind the dressing curtain.
“It’d help immensely if you and they could write.”
“I’m sure it would.  They still get their points across.”
Kyrin dressed quickly in one of the short dresses made especially for her, and then was tying her hair up when she walked past Alric, who was just lying back in bed.
“Lazy, get up,” she said, following Finn to the door.
“I’m not being lazy.  It’s too early.”
She laughed and walked down the stairs lightly.  The air seemed cooler, and she was hopeful that today wouldn’t be quite so hot.  
Four knights stood around one lone figure in a black robe.  It didn’t matter how hot it was.  The eunuchs always wore their robes with the hoods up to cover their faces.  A gray wolf was pacing behind him, keeping a close eye on the knights of Sithias.
“What’s so important that you had to wake me up for this?” Kyrin asked, stifling a yawn.
The eunuch stepped back so she could pass.
“Tell Alric I’ll be right back,” Kyrin said, following the eunuch when he walked toward the trees.
“Can I go?” Finn asked, not entirely sure he wanted to.
“There’s no need.  I won’t be very long.”
When the eunuch broke into a run, Kyrin sighed and did the same.  She didn’t have her speed boots on though, and she soon lost him in the trees.  Luckily, she knew where he was going.  It actually felt good to break into a run, and she found herself enjoying the brief run through the forest to the temple.
She stopped at the porch to catch her breath and saw one of the eunuchs waiting for her with the door open.  The screams coming from inside were different, and she hurried up the steps to see what woman was screaming curses from inside of the temple.
Kyrin cringed when she walked in to find Genessa chained to the floor above the ‘D’.
“Kyrin!  Let me go this instant!” Genessa screamed.  “The Holy Erianah will hear about this.”
“Why is she here?” Kyrin asked one of the eunuchs.
He simply turned to look at her.
“Tongue or not, I demand you figure out a way to tell me why the hell she’s here!”
The eunuch nodded and then walked outside, followed by Kyrin.  He took her to the back of the temple and pointed to the corner.
“What?” she asked, irritated.
He hunkered down at the corner of the temple and peered around the edge.
“Was Genessa spying on us?”
The eunuch nodded.
“Okay, let me think,” she said, heading back inside.  
Kyrin looked over Genessa carefully.  She had a thin scar running down the side of her neck but otherwise seemed about the same except for knotted hair and torn clothing.  Her blonde, perfectly coiffed hair was now streaked with gray and cropped short.  She didn’t seem injured by the eunuchs but was furious at being chained up. 
“Let me go!”
“Why were you spying on my house?”
“House?!  This isn’t a house.  It’s a temple, and I’m going to tell Erianah,” Genessa screamed.
Kyrin turned to the closest eunuch. “You couldn’t just shoo her away?!  How am I supposed to explain this?”
He shrugged.
“Have you hurt her?”
He shook his head.
“Let me go this instant you vile beast!” Genessa’s screams were starting to turn hoarse.
“Shut up and let me think,” Kyrin told her.
“I will not!”
“Keep her chained up.  I need to go see what Alric wants me to do with her.”
The eunuch frowned slightly.
She smiled. “Yes, I’m conferring with my husband.  Get over it.”
Kyrin looked once more at Genessa and then walked slower back to the castle.  She tried to figure out how to lessen the blow of Genessa’s capture to Alric.
Finn met her out by the orchard. “Is everything okay?”
“I’m not sure yet.  Where’s Alric?”
“He went in to the temple.”
“I don’t suppose you’d go get him for me?”
“Nope, it’s good for you to go there.”
“How do you figure that?” she asked, crossing her arms.
“It just is.”
“All I need is to get a message for Alric to meet me out at Daemionis’ temple.”
“He won’t go inside.”
“Well, he’s going to have to.”
Finn shook his head and pointed toward town. “Tell him yourself.  The temple’s that way.”
Kyrin’s eyes narrowed. “I know where it is.”
It frustrated her when he smiled and walked off.  Deciding she didn’t have much of a choice, she headed into the town to find Alric.  Outside of the temple, she sighed and then walked inside.
“Hello, Lady Kyrin,” one of the priests said, coming to meet her in the foyer.
“Is Alric around?”
“He’s speaking to Sithias.”
“Will you go get him for me?”
“I cannot disturb the Holy Knight,” he explained.
Kyrin glanced past him at the doorway into where Alric met with Sithias. “I don’t want to go in there.”
“Then I suggest you wait out here.”
She absentmindedly tapped at her leg as she watched the door.
The priest glanced back at the door also. “The High Priest may be able to help you.”
“Is he around?”
“I will find him,” the priest said, and then hurried up a set of stairs.
Saith came down a few minutes later, smiling. “It’s nice of you to join us.”
“I need to talk to Alric.”
“He’s in a conference with Sithias.”
“I know that.  So go tell him I need him for just a minute.”
Saith thought about that for a moment and then walked into the back room.  Kyrin waited for almost twenty minutes before he returned.
“You may go back,” he told her.
“So Sithias is gone?”
“No, he wishes to speak to you.”
“I just want to talk to Alric.”
“The king is there also.”
She sighed. “Please, Saith, just go ask Alric to step out.”
He smiled. “Go in there.  Sithias won’t hurt you.”
“I’m not afraid of him.”
“Of course not.  Head back.”
Knowing she didn’t have a choice, she walked toward the door but hesitated before opening it.  Kyrin peeked around the corner and saw Alric and Sithias both looking at her.
“Come forward,” Sithias said, holding his hand out.
The last thing Kyrin wanted to do was get Sithias involved in the new problem, and she wasn’t sure Daemionis would be too thrilled about that either.
“Alric, can you come here?” she asked.
“No, come in here.”
“I don’t want to.”
“Is there a problem?”
“You could say that.”
“Then come and tell me,” he said, motioning her forward.
“I don’t particularly want to tell Sithias.”
“Why not?” the deity asked her.
“Because it’s none of your concern.”
“But it’s mine?” Alric asked.
“You know what?  I’ll figure it out on my own,” Kyrin said, and began to back out.
“Wait!” Alric called out.  He didn’t want to lose her trust, so he turned to Sithias and explained his concern.  Once Sithias agreed not to meddle, Alric turned back to Kyrin. “We’ll talk in a moment about the problem then.”
“Without Sithias?”
“Yes, but Sithias wishes to speak to you about something.”
“I didn’t do anything wrong.”
Sithias laughed. “Just come here, Kyrin.”
Kyrin thought about it for a moment and then stepped forward. “Fine, what?”
“I wish to know more about your Shadowmere encounter last night,” Sithias told her.
“So there was a breach?”
“No, not at all.  However, it seems to me like you were fully awake when you saw them.”
“I was.”
“Did you attack?”
“Of course.”
“Did you injure any?”
“No”
Alric chuckled at her brief answers.  He knew that she wasn’t going to divulge any information to Sithias that wasn’t completely necessary and asked for.  While she readily admitted trusting Alric, she made no qualms about letting everyone know that she still didn’t trust or like Sithias.
“Do you want to just tell me about the encounter?” Sithias asked.
“No”
“Why not?”
“Because I don’t need you thinking that I’m crazy.”
“On the contrary.”
“It’s just…”
“What?”
“I’m not insane,” Kyrin told him.
Sithias nodded. “No one has said you are.”
“Not here, maybe.”
“Who has?” Alric asked her.
Kyrin turned to Alric. “Last night, when I attacked the Shadowmere, my flail went right through them, and one of them disappeared in a black cloud.”
“That’s peculiar,” Sithias said.
“I’m not crazy!” she screamed at him, shocking the deity.
“No one thinks you imagined it,” Alric told her.  “We just want to make sure that they haven’t gained entry into Paragoy.”
“You said there was no breach.”
“There wasn’t.  I also don’t want to just write off what you saw.”
“You don’t?”
“No.  It bothered you, and that bothers me,” Alric explained.  
“I don’t know what it was,” Kyrin whispered, “but I couldn’t fight them.”
“Let’s leave it for now then,” Sithias suggested.  “Just keep an eye out and let us know if they are seen again.”
Kyrin nodded.
“I will leave you be now.”
Alric bowed to his deity and then Sithias disappeared.  When the shimmer was completely gone, he turned to Kyrin. “So what’s the problem?”
She began to wring her hands nervously. “I’m not sure how to explain this.  There’s a problem at the temple.”
“What kind?”
“The Keepers found…”
“Keepers?”
“The eunuchs are considered Keepers of the Temple.”
“Oh, go on.”
“Well, they found someone snooping around last night.”
Alric gasped. “Did they kill him?”
“Her, and no.  They have strict orders that no one from Paragoy is to be sacrificed.”
“That’s good to know.  So where is she?”
Kyrin cringed. “Restrained to the floor.”
“Of your temple?!”
She nodded.
“Who is it?”
“It’s… it’s Genessa.”
Alric frowned. “Genessa was in Valhara, snooping around your temple?”
“Yes”
He started to get mad. “She was banished from my lands!”
“Well not for long, apparently.  I don’t know what to do with her.”
“Thank you,” Alric said, smiling at her.
“For what?”
“Telling me.”
She shrugged, not sure how to take that compliment.  It was still hard for her to let go of the distrust, but she felt drawn to him and found his help valuable and comfortable.
“Let’s go talk to her,” Alric said, taking her hand.
On the way out the door, Alric ordered one of the priests to have four knights meet them at Daemionis’ temple.  The priest ran off, and the two headed toward the trees.
“Is she injured?” Alric asked after a few minutes of silence.
“I don’t think so.”
“So she was just looking around?”
“She was crouched down behind the temple, peeking around the corner toward the door.”
“Last I heard, she was married to a Qualsax.”
“She was?!”
Alric nodded. “Yes, I now see that she seeks out power.  She’s married to a high-ranking Qualsax general.”
“She knew about us before we did.”
“Odd, isn’t it?”
They stopped outside of the temple and could already hear Genessa screaming at the eunuchs.
“I forgot that I’m not supposed to go in there,” Alric told her.
Kyrin thought for a moment. “I guess we can bring her out here.”
“It’d be better if she’s restrained.”
“Then get permission from Sithias.”
“He’s going to want to know why.”
“Well he can’t blame the Keepers for this!  She was spying on us.”
“He’s not going to blame you.  He’ll leave it up to me to handle.”
“He won’t be mad?”
“Do you care?” Alric asked her.  He suspected that she honestly felt some attachment to Sithias but knew she had no idea it was happening.
“No, I guess not.  So get it over with and meet me inside.”
Alric watched Kyrin disappear inside the temple, and then he called out for Sithias.
“My Lord.  I need to go in there for a moment.”
“Why?”  Sithias’ voice rang out through the trees.
“Daemionis’ followers have Genessa in there.  She was spying on them.”
“Handle it and get out.  You will not have contact with me while you are in there.”
“Yes, my Lord.”
Alric stepped forward and felt a cold chill run up his spine when he walked onto the porch.  He opened the door slowly and looked around the big room.  Genessa was still strapped to the floor above the ‘D’, and she was screaming at Kyrin.  
He felt every fiber of his being tense as he stepped into the foreign temple.  Movement caught his eye, and he saw that one of the eunuchs was being shackled to the wall by two others, though he didn’t seem to be fighting it.
“Alric!” Genessa screamed.  “How far you’ve fallen!  Sithias should damn you for this.”
Alric took a deep breath and walked over to her.  He squatted down by her head. “Why are you in Valhara, Genessa?”
“That’s none of your business!  Now let me go or my husband will hunt you down.”
“I’m sure he will.  It was stated clearly that you were to stay out of Valhara though.  You know that.”
“I’m not bound by your rules!  Now let me go or feel the wrath of Qualsax.”
“What to do with you though?” Alric asked, standing up.  “We can’t let you go now that you’ve been inside this temple, and I’m not so sure you should be allowed to leave after returning here anyway.”
“You have no right to keep me, Alric,” Genessa yelled.  “Let me go or else.”
Genessa’s eyes grew wide when one of the eunuchs began to whip the one on the wall.  His wordless screams made her jerk and pull harder against the restraints.
Kyrin simply watched Alric and Genessa.
Alric tried to ignore the screaming. “I’m going to have you moved to the castle prison for now.  If the Qualsax petition for you, I’ll take care of it then.”
“Always the king!  You no-good…” Genessa’s words were cut off by her piercing screams.
Alric frowned and then looked over and saw that Kyrin was stepping on Genessa’s fingers. “Enough.”
“Sorry,” Kyrin said, smiling.
Genessa started to sob, and her words were unintelligible.
One of the eunuchs came up to Kyrin and pointed at the door.
“Someone’s here?” she asked him.
When he nodded, Alric walked to the door. “I called for knights, but they won’t come in here.”
Kyrin turned to the closest eunuch. “Take her out to the waiting knights.”
He nodded, and four of them began to untie Genessa.  She fought against them, but the bulky eunuchs easily forced her out into the hands of the knights.
“Do we need to help him?” Alric asked, watching as the eunuch in shackles was beaten.  His bloody back looked like shredded flesh, and his screams had died to harrowing groans of pain.
“No, let them be.  It’s kind of their thing.”
“Still”
She smiled and then took Alric’s hand. “Come on.  Let’s go.”
He glanced again at the tormented eunuch and then followed her out.  The second his boots hit grass, he felt better and once again felt Sithias’ presence around him.
Genessa continued to scream and fight against the knights, but they walked slowly toward the castle anyway, not paying much attention to her.  
“What did Sithias say about this?” Kyrin asked Alric.
“Just what I told you he would.  He told me to handle it.”
“What are you going to do with her?”
“I’m not sure yet.”
“We could just let the Keepers take care of her.”
“Sacrifice her?”
“Sure”
“No, I can’t allow that.”
“She’s an enemy.”
He smiled. “I wouldn’t wish that on my worst enemy.”
“You’re too good.”
“There’s no such thing.”
Finn watched them walk up and smiled at Genessa. “It’s good to see you again.  How’s Falon?”
She scowled at him. “Valhara will pay for this.”
“I doubt that.  Where do you want her, sire?”
“Put her in prison.  She knew not to return to my land.”
“Put her next to Naylor,” Finn told the knights.  “She can listen to him sob.”
“He’s crying?” Kyrin asked.
“Sure is.”
“Why?”
“Something about living in paradise and being locked up.”
“Serves him right for trying to turn me over to the Shadowmere,” Kyrin said angrily.
“He did?!” Finn yelled.
Alric put a hand out. “Calm down.  We suspect he was brought here by Erianah to get Kyrin out of Valhara.  If he turns her over to the Shadowmere, there’s quite a reward.”
“Maybe we need to hold a Requiem.”
“What’s a Requiem?” Kyrin asked.
Alric thought for a moment. “That may not be a bad idea.  There hasn’t been one for almost 55 years though.”
“I think it may be time,” Finn said.
“What’s a Requiem?” she asked again.
“It’s a trial of death,” Alric said.  “It takes a serious offense to even have the trial and most of the time it results in banishment.”
“Except we can’t banish these two,” Finn told him.
“I know, but death?”
“Just let the Keepers babysit them and…,” Kyrin started to say.
“No,” Alric told her.
Finn walked into Alric’s office, and the two followed him.  Kyrin shut the door behind her.  It was obvious they wanted to talk about something secret.  Finn walked over to look out the window.
“I need to think about this,” Alric said.  “I don’t want to be known as the king who had two Requiems during his reign.”
“I know some of the reasons in the past, and what these two have done is worse, or what they are capable of doing.”
“I realize that.  It’s not something I’m going to decide tonight, but I’ll consider it.”
“What are the other options?” Kyrin asked.
“Life in the dungeons.  We can’t let them out.”
“I can tell you right now that your dungeon is a palace compared to the dimensions.”
“It’s still not something we do often.”
“The way I see it is, Naylor could be mine to deal with.”
Alric smiled. “No.”
“And Genessa was spying on my temple.”
“No”
“It would alleviate all of this.”
“Requiems require a lengthy trial.  We can’t sentence them to death without it and keep a clear conscience.”
“That’s your problem then.  You have a conscience.”
“So do you, kid,” Finn said, smiling.
“Keep thinking that.”
“Well, as I said.  I’m not going to decide right now.”  Alric turned to the door when someone knocked. “Enter.”
Trox came in and bowed slightly. “Minathim has representatives here to see you.  They say Minathim is under attack.”
Without a word, Alric left quickly for the throne room.  Finn took Kyrin’s arm on his way out the door and followed him.  When Alric sat down on his throne, he was surprised to see Kyrin sit on hers, until he noticed that Finn brought her.
“Send them in,” Alric said to Trox.  Kyrin watched Alric closely.  She hadn’t noticed before the change in how he spoke and acted when in official capacity.  In his office, he had leaned back against his desk casually.  Now he sat rigid, and his voice was stern and authoritative.
They watched as three elves entered.  They were in battle gear and seemed very angry.
“Who is attacking Minathim?” Alric asked them.
“Trolls,” he said with disgust.
“What got the trolls riled up?”
“We believe Qualsax may have enlisted their help.  We also suspect that they will come after Valhara next.”
Alric looked over at Trox. “Convene the war council.”
He nodded and swept out of the room.
Kyrin watched carefully.  She still distrusted the royal elves, and these ones seemed nervous to her.  Alric stood up and motioned for Kyrin to follow him.
Her eyebrows rose. “You want me to go to the war council?”
“Yes”
She shrugged and followed them out.  As much as she didn’t really care what happened to Valhara, she didn’t want to see Alric tangle with a pack of trolls.  He could fight.  He’d proven that, but she still wished he would stay in the castle.
The war council consisted of Finn, the other knight’s captain, Alric, Trox, and several knights.  They sat down, along with the royal elves, and Kyrin stayed back along the walls.  She wanted to keep a close eye on the elves and figured she could do so better from the wall.
“Trolls are attacking Minathim,” Alric told the others.  “They think the trolls might be coming here.”
“How many?” Finn asked them.
The highest ranking elf replied. “As far as we can tell, several hundred.”
“That doesn’t sound too dangerous.”
“We’re holding them off.  However, we are still reeling from damages from Qualsax and could use some help.”
“If they come here next, and in greater numbers, we don’t want our resources out,” the knight’s captain told him.
“We just need some help, maybe some of your knights and your magic user.”
“My magic user?” Alric asked, irritated.
The elf just looked over at Kyrin, and she smiled.
“You want my wife to come save the elves?” Alric asked.
“With her abilities, we could hold them off indefinitely.”
“So can half of my knights.”
“Leaving Valhara unprotected,” Trox said.  
“That’s why we suggest your magic user and just a handful of knights,” the elf told them.
“I get the feeling you want my wife more than you want her abilities,” Alric replied.
“An unwarranted feeling.  We mainly need protection from incoming projectiles.”
“The trolls have archers?”
“No, but they do have stones.  If she can block our main city entrance from those projectiles, we can do the rest.”
Alric glanced back at her. “Is that something you can do?”
“Can… yes… but will I?”
“I don’t want to be separated from Kyrin if we’re getting attacked.”
Finn lightly tapped his fingers on the table. “I could take her.  That would leave you here to defend Valhara, and I can keep an eye on Kyrin.”
Kyrin shrugged. “That’s still assuming that I have the desire to go save the royal elves, which I don’t.”
“Sithias is demanding we work together,” the elf reminded Alric.  “It was with his blessing that we came here.”
Alric looked over at the knight’s captain. “Gather your forces and surround the city.  I want to know the second a troll steps foot onto my land.”
“Yes, sire,” he said, and then stood up and left quickly.
Finn leaned forward. “It’s not a bad plan.  Kyrin can keep the trolls out of Minathim, so you can take care of Valhara.”
“If,” Kyrin started to say.
“I realize that’s an if.”
Alric thought for a moment.  It was apparent that he didn’t want to be separated from Kyrin, but Sithias had ordered him to try to befriend Minathim and to help them recover from Qualsax attacks.  It was his duty to show them the strength of Valhara and to obey his god.
“Kyrin?” Alric asked, turning his chair toward her.
“I don’t want to go to Minathim.”
“I know that.  What if I ask you to go?  For me.”
She crossed her arms. “Why would I leave you when you’re about to get attacked?”
“Because if you don’t go help Minathim, then my forces will need to go, which leaves me unprotected.”
Her eyes narrowed.
“It would be a great favor to me.”  
She looked up at the ceiling and sighed. “I take Finn?”
“Yes, and six knights.”
“I ride a horse.”
“Yes”
“How long?” she asked, looking over at him.
“Three weeks, no longer.”
“And the twins?”
“Will be protected here,” Alric said, smiling.  He put on a fake front for her sake.  He didn’t want her leaving any more than she wanted to, but he saw the advantages in her going in lieu of half of his knights.
“I won’t go and do a bunch of showy tricks,” Kyrin told him.  “I also won’t abide by any weird customs.”
“You won’t have to.  Protect their main gate, and that’s it.”
Her jaw tightened as she nodded. “Fine.”
“She is in command of this mission,” Alric said to the elves.  “You do not correct her or question her methods.”
“Understood”
Kyrin left while they went over specifics, and she hurried up the stairs to pack her bag.  She had to be ready to fight, so she slipped into her battle tunic and pulled on the belt for her flail.  She was just putting on her backpack when Alric came in and shut the door behind him.
“I don’t like this either,” he said, kissing her softly after taking her wrists.
She pulled back and looked into his eyes. “I’ll be okay.  Your job is to stay safe here.”
He smiled. “I will be.”
“Then, when I get back, you can stop holding my wrists when we kiss.”
“Not a chance,” he said, and kissed her again.  He finally let go of her and then took her hand. “I’ll walk you out.”
“No carriages?”
“As promised.”
The horses were already waiting for them when they arrived.  The knights were mounted beside Finn, and four pack-horses carried all of their supplies.
“With no carriage, you should be there within three days,” Alric said, and helped her up onto the horse.
She nodded and then glanced nervously at the elves.
“Don’t let her out of your sight until you get well past Qualsax,” Alric said to Finn.
“Understood, sir.”
“Please, don’t freeze them or take off,” Alric said.
Kyrin reached down and kissed him softly. “I’ll try.”
“Don’t try!  Just please.”
“She won’t have a reason to freeze us,” Finn said.  “Plus, if she does, I toss her over my knee.”
Kyrin glared at him. “No, you won’t.”
“Oh, I will.”
“I’m the Lady of Valhara!”
“You’ll deserve it if you freeze me.”
Alric started to say something to Finn but saw the twinkle in his eye and knew it was something he was teasing Kyrin with. “You two behave, okay?”
“I always behave,” Finn said with a smile.
“As do I,” Kyrin added.
“No, you don’t.”
“I do too!”
Without another word, they started the long trip to Minathim.




Chapter 3

Finn watched carefully as they made their way through Minathim to the castle in the center.  He was suspicious of why they were there, because there were no trolls in sight and the city didn’t seem to be on alert.
“Oh good, you made it and brought reinforcements,” Elven King Auldian said from the front doors of the castle.
“Doesn’t look like much of a battle,” Finn told him, irritated.
“I believe they’ve fallen back to fortify.”
“There’s no damage to this city,” one of the knights said.
“There is.  You just haven’t seen it,” Auldian said.  “Come inside and we’ll show you to your quarters.”
Kyrin had a strange feeling, and it began to grow stronger when they stepped into the castle.  She started to panic but felt Finn’s hand on her shoulder.  When she looked up at him, she saw the worry in his face also, and she tensed.
“The knights may stay in there,” Auldian said, pointing to a large banquet hall that had been lined with rows of bunk beds for their arrival.
Finn’s hand tightened. “Where will Kyrin stay?”
“We have a stateroom for her.”
“I stay with the Valharans,” Kyrin said, and headed for the door.
“It’s not proper!  You cannot sleep in the same room as the men,” Auldian told her.
“Wanna bet?  I won’t be separated from them.”
“She can stay with us,” Finn told him.
Auldian smiled. “She will be more comfortable in the Lady’s stateroom.  It is more suited for her.”
Kyrin glanced into the room with the bunk beds. “This seems suited for me too.”
“Don’t be silly.  I will take you to your room,” Auldian said, and held his hand out.
Finn nodded to her, so she passed Auldian, not taking his hand.  The elven king smiled at Finn and then followed Kyrin deeper into the castle.
Finn tossed his things onto the first bunk bed and then looked over at one of his knights. “Something’s not right.”
The knight nodded and whispered, “This city isn’t under attack.”
“I suspect not.  Keep your eyes out.  I’m going to go find Kyrin,” Finn told him, and headed for the door.  He reached out to open it but found it locked. “Open this door!”
The closest knight joined him and pushed on the door while Finn banged on it. “Auldian!  Open this door.”
Knights fanned out and began checking for another way out, but they were in a room with only one doorway, and it was securely locked.
“I knew it,” Finn yelled.  “Alric won’t stand for this!”
“Let’s all ram it and see if we can get through,” another knight suggested.

***

Kyrin woke up and looked around the stateroom.  She didn’t sleep well and often checked out the window to see if the trolls were attacking.  She still had a sinking feeling that things weren’t what they seemed.
When her breakfast was delivered, she’d asked to see Finn but was told he was out meeting with some of the Minathim archers to arrange a good place for her to stage her defense.  The servant seemed nervous to her, so when he left, she decided not to eat.  It was always safer to be hungry than poisoned.
After another hour, she was dressed and ready to go, and she felt like it was time to find Finn herself to see what was going on.  When she discovered that her door was locked, she began to bang on it. “Open up or I break it down.”
Kyrin stepped back from the door when a gray smoke began to flow into the room from beneath it.  Her heart raced when she realized that she was about to be poisoned by a gas she knew to knock someone unconscious for hours.
Thinking quickly, she ran for the window but found it locked.  Having no other option, she fell to her stomach and buried her face in her tunic.  She wasn’t sure if that would work or not, as she’d only seen Creteloc poison others but hadn’t encountered the poison herself.
When her throat began to burn, she knew the poison was getting through her tunic, and that she had only limited time.  She held her breath as she brought her hands together to cast, but the poison rendered her unable to make a noise.  She whispered the spell but couldn’t draw the strength for more.  
Just as she fell into unconsciousness, she was aware of someone else in the room.

***

“Wake up,” someone said, and a bucket of cold water was thrown over Kyrin’s head.
She gasped at the sudden shock, and then looked up through wet eyes at a row of elves seated behind a long desk.  She tried to get her hands free, but they were restrained at her sides to the chair she was seated on.
“There is no use trying to cast.  We have your arms restrained,” Auldian said from the center seat.  He looked along the row of elves and then stood up. “This trial will come to order.”
“Wait!” Kyrin yelled.  “What is this?”
“This is a Requiem to determine if having an evil presence in our dimension is worth your abilities.”
“What?!”
“The Valharans haven’t dealt with you as an evil, so we feel it is our duty to do so.  Our most holy Sithias can’t be associated with such an evil, but we feel he may be somewhat biased in regard to King Alric’s choices.”
She shook her head, trying to clear the last of the poison from her mind.  She saw her flail off to her side among her other belongings.
Auldian followed her gaze. “We’ve gone through your things and have some concerns about items you carry with you.  They will be used in this court and will be returned if we deem you to be safe.”
“Call out for your demon, and we will be forced to gag you,” another elf told her.  He sat to the right of Auldian and watched her smugly.
“Alric won’t stand for this,” she whispered harshly.
“He won’t have a choice,” Auldian explained.  “If we decide that you are too dangerous to have around, you will be killed.  If we deem you safe, our actions will be justified, and we believe Sithias will protect us from Valharan wrath.”
“Then get on with it,” she said as her eyes grew darker.
Auldian saw it immediately and turned to talk in whispers to those around him.  When they were done, he stood up. “Kyrin, it is hereby suggested by this council that you are a known evil.  By the pact made over 100 years ago, evil is to be exterminated.  However, we feel that with your magical abilities, we might benefit from your presence, and we are hereby convened to determine if those abilities warrant exempting you.”
Kyrin didn’t reply but watched them closely.
Auldian sat down and another elf stood. “Magic itself was once deemed evil.  It isn’t, however, a punishable offense, and we do realize that not all magic falls into this category.  How do you plead?”
“Does it matter?” she snapped.
“Yes, your thoughts will be considered by this council.”
“My thoughts are that you’re as cowardly as the royal elves in other dimensions.  This trial is a farce!  I’ve done nothing to you, and I’m here under the false pretense of helping you avoid annihilation by trolls.”
“We understand that we had to lie to get you here.”
“Lying is evil.”
“We are not evil, and we are not on trial.”
Her lip curled up slightly in a snarl.
“We will begin by going through your belongings.  We found that each one has an evilness about it, and we will allow you to explain each in turn,” he said, walking over to the table.
Kyrin watched as her bag was lifted up and shown to the council.
“This bag seems to bear no weight, no matter how heavy its contents.  We’ve never seen such a thing and can only assume it is an evil device.”  With that, the elf turned to Kyrin. “Your explanation.”
“It’s enchanted, not evil!  Magic does that.”
“You made it?”
“No”
“Then where did you get it?”
“Off of a merchant in Gile Dimension,” she lied.  She didn’t think they needed to know she had taken it from someone she’d just killed.
“You purchased it then?”
“Yes”
“Was it purchased from a shop of ill character?”
“Do what?”
“Was it purchased from a shop of evil?”
“There’s no such thing as a shop of evil.”
“I believe you are lying,” the elf said, and then set the bag on the table.  Next, he picked up four Qualsax Warrior emblems. “Care to explain how you got these?  They disappear off of the dead Qualsax, and never before have we seen one in the possession of another.”
“I don’t have to explain myself to you,” Kyrin scowled.
“If you want to live you do.  How did you acquire these?”
“Off of dying Qualsax.”
“Ones you killed?”
“No!  Believe it or not, Qualsax die without my help.”
“Could you have saved them if you weren’t too busy pillaging their bodies.”
“Pillaging?”
“Stealing”
“I know what pillaging means, and I don’t steal.”
“Then tell this council how you have them.  I’m 233-years-old, and I have never seen one of these amulets other than on a Qualsax.  Yet you have four of them.”
“I told you.  I took them off of dying Qualsax.”
He leaned forward so he was only inches from her. “Qualsax that you could have saved?”
She glared at him. “No.”

***

“Any luck?” Finn asked, kneeling down beside one of the knights.
“Nothing, sir.”  The knight was digging around one of the windows with a nail torn from a bed.
“Keep at it.”
“Sir,” another knight said. “I can’t get anyone to speak to us.”
“I didn’t think they would.  They wanted Kyrin for something, and we handed her over.”
“I would imagine she’ll call for her god.”
“If she could have she would already.  It’s been three days since we got locked in here, and if she brought Daemionis, we would know.”
“Maybe”
“Just keep calling out for them.  King Alric mentioned that Sithias has been busy lately with Erianah.  I’m not sure he’s paying attention to us.”
“Won’t the king notice that no trolls are attacking?”
“Yes, but he may think the elves were wrong about them coming to Valhara.”
“So we have, what?”
“Two and a half more weeks until we’re missed,” Finn said, and then sat down on one of the hard beds to think.

***

“We start day five of questioning,” Auldian said.  
Kyrin glared up at him.
“The last items we have to go over in your bag are the vials.”  The king held up four tiny vials with dark liquid. “What are they?”
“Potions,” Kyrin said angrily.  She had learned over the last five days to answer them or risk punishment.  One night she spent hanging from shackles and another night sleeping in a cage in the frigid outdoors.
“What kind of potions?”
“Mixed ones.”
Auldian smiled. “We need answers, Kyrin.  We cannot make an informed decision if you don’t tell us what we need.”
“They’re just potions.”
“That do what?”
A slow grin formed across her lips. “Try it and find out.”
Auldian uncorked the vial and smelled it. “Smells harmless, but I suspect it’s a poison.”
Another elf looked at her from his seat. “Are you trying to kill the king?”
She just stared at him.
“Add that to her charges then.  The evil tried to assassinate our king.”
Auldian put the vials down. “Poisons are only made by evils.”
When she didn’t answer, he returned to his seat and studied her.
“It is also known that you worship a demon,” Auldian said.
“One that isn’t going to be happy about this,” Kyrin told him with a malicious smile.
“Sithias will protect us from your demon.  It’s hard to see past that as an important part of this trial.”
“Has said demon done anything to one of Sithias’ followers?” one of the elves asked.
“I don’t believe so.  More than likely he is afraid of our Lord.”
She exhaled slowly as a dark shadow crossed her face.
“Overwhelming evidence points to your evil ways, Kyrin.  Now we must ascertain if the benefit you bring our world is worth having you here,” Auldian said.
“What have you done to save anyone from our world?” another elf asked her.
Kyrin was too angry to speak and just glared at him.
“She saved the Valharans from a Minotaur attack,” another elf said.
“She was said to have saved two of the Valharan knights from Qualsax capture,” yet another told them.
Auldian studied her. “Is it enough though?  Will her few good deeds make up for the evil she brings to us?”
One of the elder elves spoke up. “We also need to consider the ramifications if we execute her for the good of the world.”
“Ramifications?”
“From Valhara.  Their King Alric is very much in love with this one.  That’s well known.”
“He will do what Sithias says.”
“And we’re sure that Sithias will back the elves before backing his Holy Knight?”
Auldian smiled. “Yes.  He will see our side and will see that we have only the interest of his lands at heart.”
“You, human,” one of the elves said to her.  “If we let you go today, what would you do?”
Kyrin’s words came out a harsh growl, “Harventh dosst rinteith.”
The elves began screaming at her and started to demand her immediately death.  Auldian finally got them calmed down and turned to look into her black eyes.
“You threaten to slit our throats in a language of evils, yet all we’re trying to do is save you,” Auldian said to her.
“Save yourselves.”
“We don’t need saved.  I do believe this trial is over.  All in favor of a painless, merciful death, raise your hands.”
Kyrin’s eyes scanned the gathered elves as each of them raised a hand.  
Auldian stood. “It is hereby ordered by the council of Minathim that you are to be put to death on the eve of the full moon.”
“Why keep her alive for three more days?” one of them asked.  “She will do nothing but attempt to flee.”
“I give her three days to make peace with her god before we send her to him.”
Kyrin was roughly dragged from the chair by two elves in armor.  Once in the stateroom, she was shackled to the wall where her hands were kept far apart.
“Repent and your soul may not be forever in torment,” one of the elves said to her, and then she was left alone.
She pulled against the thick chains but did nothing more than make her wrists bloody.  By nightfall, the blood had dried down her arms and onto her sides.  She watched the moon rise slowly over the horizon.  When it was close to being straight above her, she shut her eyes.
“Daemionis, I need your help,” she whispered.  When done, she opened her eyes and looked around the room.  After a few minutes, she tried again but got no response.
The next couple of days passed slowly.  Elves came in often and offered to give her an ear if she wanted to repent and change her ways.  Her eyes stayed black and fury raged as she looked toward her death.  
On the last day, she was offered a huge meal but turned it down and refused to speak to anyone.  When two masked elves came into the room and released her from the shackles, she struggled against them but wasn’t able to get loose.
Out in front of the castle stood hundreds of elves all facing a guillotine that was up on a stand so all could see.  Kyrin looked through the crowd angrily.  She was beyond being able to see reason and focused on any chance she could get to bring her hands together and obliterate the elves.
Finn caught her eye, and she saw that he and the other six knights were restrained off to the side of the stand where they could also watch the execution.  Finn struggled against elves around him but wasn’t able to get loose either.
“Calm… calm,” Auldian said, putting his hands up.  The gathered elves all fell silent to listen to their king. “We’re here on a solemn occasion.  It’s with a heavy heart that I take it upon myself to kill the Lady of Valhara, a proven evil.”
A murmur ran through the crowd again, and Kyrin pulled against the elves holding her.  They began to move her toward the guillotine and forced her to sit on the cushioned bench.
“Stop this!” Finn roared.  “You have no right to do this!”
He could only barely be heard above the murmur of the elves.
Auldian pulled out a scroll and began to read from it in elvish.  Kyrin focused in on the executioners around her.  They were watching Auldian but still holding her wrists, so she couldn’t cast.  She looked over to the courtyard and saw a portal and key appear.
Kyrin looked over at Finn and then back to the portal.  He followed her gaze but didn’t see anything.  When he looked back at her, he nodded, understanding.
Finn said something to the knights, who began to fight harder and cause a commotion.  Finn knocked out three elves before ramming into the one in front of him.  Auldian was screaming for more guards to restrain the Valharan knights, while the knights fought to get to Kyrin.
When the executioners forced Kyrin to lie back on the bench seat of the guillotine, she got her opportunity.  One of the elves started to restrain her shoulders by placing his upper body against hers.  In one quick movement, Kyrin was able to duck her head and kick out, catching the lever to the heavy blade.  Before he knew what was happening, the blade sliced through the executioner’s skull, cutting his head in half.  
His body began to convulse, and Kyrin could get her hand free.  Covered in blood, she slammed her fist into the other elf’s nose, breaking it.  He screamed and stepped back, giving her the opportunity to stand up and look over at the knights of Valhara.
The key was still shimmering to the portal, but it was fading, and she knew she had limited time.
When her hands touched, she instantly froze all of the elves within a few feet of her.
The elves were beginning to panic and were running back toward the city, trying desperately to get away from the now loose evil magic user.  Finn and the knights were free, and he ran toward where Kyrin was looking earlier.  One of the elves reached out to grab him but only managed to snag Finn’s Valharan amulet, which tore from his neck.
All Finn could see were rocks and twigs along the ground though, so she reached down and began to gather them up, hoping to activate a portal that he wouldn’t be able to see.
Kyrin ran up to them. “Get in!”
She began pushing Finn through the invisible portal, but he made sure his knights were through before going through himself.  Thinking quickly, Kyrin grabbed the closest royal elf and then dove through the portal before it closed.
When Kyrin landed, she flew to her feet and looked around.  They were all standing on a thin stone walkway high above flowing lava.  The hot air pushed up past them, and they were immediately drenched in sweat.
Finn stood up and surveyed the area. “Do you know where this is?”
“Yes, we got lucky,” Kyrin said, and then pushed the elf forward.  “Start walking.”
“Why did you bring him?” Finn asked, glaring up at the tall, slender elf.
“You probably don’t want to know.”
He just nodded and then ordered his knights to follow her.  What the Valharans thought was a dark night sky, turned out to be the inside of a massive expanse of caves.  They were relieved to step out of the cave and into the cool night air.  Breathing in the heat and fumes from the lava made their throats burn and the cold air suddenly brought on coughing.
Kyrin thought it was odd how quiet the Valharans were being, so she turned to check on them and saw the terror in their eyes.  Finn was the only one of them even looking around to see what the dimension was like.  The others focused in on her, and they walked close together.
She smiled. “Calm down.  I know where we are, so we don’t have to spend months finding a familiar dimension.”
“Now what?” Finn asked, catching up to her.
“Now we try to find some supplies and a place to regroup.  There are caves a little ways from here that we can use to go over behavior.”
“Behavior?”
“Yes, this isn’t Paragoy.  If you all act like it is, you’re going to stick out, and that marks you as a target.”
“Gotcha”
“First off, tell your knights to stop acting like I’m taking them to their deaths.”
Finn glanced back at them. “I’m not sure that’s something they can stop.”
“Where are we?” one of the knights asked nervously.
“Windolfo Dimension.”
“Is it safe?”
“Nope,” she said, and then spotted a cave.  She pushed the royal elf forward and looked around the cave room to make sure it wasn’t someone’s home.
Finn sat down against the cave wall, somewhat calm. “This is all in your court, Kyrin.  We can fight hand to hand, but we’re better with weapons, and we have no idea what these dimensions are like.”
She nodded and pushed the elf to sit down beside Finn. “Stay here for now.  Don’t move a muscle.  I’ll be back in a few hours.”
“Wait!  You can’t leave us here.”
“I’ll be right back.  I have to go get supplies, or we aren’t going to make it out of here alive.”
“What kind of supplies?”
“Trust me,” Kyrin said with a smile, and then quickly headed out of the cave.
Finn glanced once at the terrified elf and then ordered his knights to sit down and get some rest.  No one had slept much since they left Valhara, and he had the sneaking suspicion that they were going to be doing a lot of fighting soon.
They all started to get nervous as the hours ticked by and there was no sign from Kyrin.  The knights began to talk among themselves, trying to decide how to get out of a dimension they knew nothing about.
When the first shadow elf stepped into the cave, the Valharans sprung to their feet and grouped along the back wall.  The shadow elf looked around and then nodded to others who stood behind him.  
Kyrin walked in behind the twelve armed shadow elves and pointed at the royal elf from Minathim. “That’s him.”
The closest shadow elf snarled and walked over to look at him. “He’s not much.”
“He’s worth what I ask.”
“You can’t sell him!” Finn gasped.
“You let your slaves talk to you like that?” the shadow elf asked Kyrin.
“He’s new and will be severely punished for that,” Kyrin assured him.
Finn took the hint and fell silent.
One of the female shadow elves walked up to a handsome knight and smiled. “I want to buy this one.”
Kyrin shook her head. “No.  They’re mine.”
“But just one.”
“No”
“We’ll take your deal,” the shadow elf said, pulling the royal elf up by his arm.   The other shadow elves began piling supplies into a heap along the back cave wall while Kyrin watched closely to make sure they didn’t short her.
When done, they hauled the royal elf away, and he began to scream.
“Kyrin,” Finn started.
She sighed. “I know, okay?  We need supplies, and royal elves are the best way to barter with the shadow elves.”
“They’ll torture him!”
“It’s that or all of us dying out here.  Now get out of your armor, and put on the clothes in the pile.  There are daggers too, so arm yourselves.”
“Why can’t we keep our armor?” one of the knights asked suspiciously.
“Your armor is going to stand out.  It’s too shiny and pristine to be in the dimensions.  One sight of that and the Shadowmere or the Clemency will immediately attack for fear of another warrior Consortium starting.”
Finn nodded to his knights. “Do as she asks, and stop questioning her.”
“She’s an evil,” one of them started to say.
“You have your orders.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Does anyone have any gold on them?” Kyrin asked as she went through the supplies.
“We don’t normally carry gold,” Finn explained.
“Okay, well get dressed.  I’ll be right back,” she said, and then left the cave so they could get dressed in private.  She gave them enough time before returning.  The knights were now in dirty brown pants and shirts that were torn and smelled of rotting flesh.
Finn was trying not to gag from the smell of his new clothing. “Good enough?”
She nodded. “Yes, so a few things.”
“Must we look like heathens?” a knight asked her.
Finn was instantly toe to toe with him. “What part of ask no questions are you not understanding?!  You do what she asks, the second she asks us.  Kyrin is our only way home from here, and I don’t want to hear anything else from you about it!”
The knight nodded.
Kyrin sat down. “While you’re in the dimensions, you aren’t knights.  You go by first names only, and I’m not Lady Kyrin.”
“What do we call you?” Finn asked her.
She smiled. “Master, actually.”
“Perfect”
Kyrin laughed at his sarcasm. “No speaking of Sithias or anything about Valhara.  Paragoy is a mythical dimension.  We don’t need shifters finding out it’s real.  You need to do what I say immediately.  I’ll get us back.”
One of the knights began going through what supplies they had left in the pile.  He handed each of them a worn backpack and then held up three flasks. “Who are these for?”
“We have to share them.  They have water in them right now, but it won’t last long.  We’re rationed to two swallows a day,” Kyrin explained.
“Can we stay alive on that?” he asked.
“Yes.  I’ll get us more if I can.”
“Things are tough out here,” Finn said.  “We’re not going to get enough food or water until we get back.  I don’t want to hear complaining either.”
“Yes, sir,” they all mumbled.
“Damnit!  Don’t call him sir,” Kyrin whispered.
“Sorry,” one whispered back.
Finn smiled. “It’s a hard habit to break.”
“Well do it before you get us all killed.  I’m your master here, or you won’t make it through the week.”
“Daggers though?  We can’t do much with those,” Finn said.
“I know, but right now it’s the best I can do.”
“Can we get going then?” 
“Not in the dark, or we’ll be attacked by shadow elves.  They know me enough to trade with me but not to put up with us in their domain at night.”
“Sit back and relax then,” Finn said to the knights.
It was a tense night.  They could hear fast footfalls throughout the night but none ever stopped at their cave.  All of them were thirsty and hungry by morning when Kyrin stood up and stretched.
“Let’s head out,” she said, and slung a backpack over her shoulders.  She took the three flasks of water and handed one to Finn.  The other two she put into her own backpack.  No one dared to question her again, and they started out of the cave in silence.
They walked behind Kyrin, keeping a close eye out around them.  Their crude weapons were some comfort, but they weren’t sure what kind of skill level they would be up against.  In Paragoy, Valharan knights were the most skilled, but they didn’t know about in the dimensions and were afraid to ask Kyrin about it.
Kyrin stopped at a grove of dead trees and looked around. “This will take us into the death river dimension.  Stay away from the water, no matter how hard the bodies try to convince you they need help.”
“Bodies?” one of them gulped.
“Stay away from the water.”
They all nodded and Kyrin ushered them through into the next dimension.  She thought it was pretty nice that a portal key was there, but they didn’t seem all that enthused about going into something she called the death river dimension.
Once they were all through, they watched in horror as dead, bloated bodies beckoned to them from the dark waters of the fast rushing river.
“Styx?” Finn whispered.
Kyrin nodded. “I guess that’s what you call it.”
They began walking along it.  Anyone they passed ignored them and walked quickly with their heads down.  The entire dimension was silent, and no one wished to break that.  They felt on edge and as if they were about to get attacked.
Everyone but Kyrin was relieved to step out of the death river dimension.  They emerged into a cemetery, and Kyrin turned to them and whispered, “This is Kyrstalis, home to the Consortiums.”
Finn looked around nervously. “Should we be in here?”
Kyrin covered her face with the cloak the shadow elves had given her. “We do if you want to get home.”
He nodded. “Just tell us what to do.”
“Keep your heads down, and whatever you do, don’t use my name.”
“Right, and you’re our master.”
“Not in here.  In here, I belong to you, understood?”
Finn nodded.  He tried to remember everything he’d heard about this dimension and was just about to ask another question when Kyrin started across the cemetery to an old gate on the other side.  The knights fell in behind her.
It was dark as they walked down the damp streets.  There were cheering crowds that were obviously drunk and screams coming from houses that were shut up tightly.  As they approached city center, Kyrin started around a gathered crowd, but the knights froze.
Up on a stand was a woman tied to a cross.  She was frantically looking around her as a man to her side got bids on her from the crowd.  Men were yelling out offers of water and gold while the woman begged to be let go.
“Come on,” Kyrin whispered when she saw they had stopped.
The knights, honor-bound to help those in need, still watched and carefully surveyed the crowd to find a way to help the woman.
Finn couldn’t tear his eyes away either as someone won the bid and walked up to look at her.  He tore her shirt open right in front of the crowd of men and began to kiss her roughly.  His heart sunk when the man released her binds and then threw her onto the floor of the stage amid her screams.
“We can’t help her,” Kyrin whispered to him.  She shook Finn’s arm. “Come on.”
“There’s nothing we can do?” Finn asked her.
“Not unless you have a ton of gold or water on you.”
He shook his head and then squeezed his eyes shut as the assault began.
Kyrin pulled his arm. “Come on.”
They finally relented and followed her, downtrodden at what they’d seen.  She understood their concerns but was more worried about them getting out from under the watchful eye of the Consortiums.
Trying to avoid running into anyone else, Kyrin led them down a back alley behind a row of darkened houses.  No one spoke, and she could tell the knights were all highly upset.
Voices made Kyrin stop and put her hand out to stop the others.  When three men appeared, she spun and walked quickly past the knights.
“Shadowmere,” she whispered.  Finn glanced at them and then followed her the other way.  When the three men started down the alley, Kyrin started to run, along with the knights.
She skidded to a halt when another group of men came at them, blocking them between two sets of Shadowmere.
Not having another choice, Kyrin grabbed the shirt of the nearest knight, backed up to a wall, and then pulled him up against her.  
“Fight me,” she whispered, and then kissed him.
He immediately took her hands and restrained them above her head as she struggled to get free.  
Finn watched the men come closer.  The two groups met up at the knights.
“What you got there?” one of them asked, motioning to where Kyrin was struggling against the knight.
Finn smiled casually. “Taking her to auction.”
The Shadowmere laughed. “Best leave her alone then.  Virgins make double the price.”
“It’s a little late for that.”
“Really?  Well, can I have a go?” he asked, eyeing Kyrin with a grin.
“I get her next,” Finn told him.
“I’m after him,” one of the knights said.  In turn, all of the knights staked a claim to Kyrin.
The Shadowmere’s face scrunched up. “I don’t want her after all of you.  Carry on.”
The Shadowmere decided to stay and watch a little longer.  Finn nudged the kissing knight in the ribs, and he trapped her hands with one of his and then began squeezing her thigh with the other.  Kyrin screamed angrily and renewed her half-hearted attempt to get free.
“He don’t want an audience,” Finn told the black armored men.
“Shy is he?”
“Yes”
“Fine then.  We’re headed to auction.  Heard there’s a show being put on.”
“I love when they take’em on stage,” one of the Shadowmere laughed.  With that, the rest of them took off and finally disappeared around a corner.
“They’re gone,” Finn whispered.
Kyrin and the knight both broke the kiss and looked over toward where they left.
“Did I hurt you?” the knight whispered to her.
“No, and I owe you one.  Let’s get out of Kyrstalis.”
They all nodded vehemently and followed when she ran toward the opposite end of town.  They encountered only drunken residents for the rest of their way and soon came to the portal leading into Paramide.
“Where now?” Finn whispered.
“Paramide.  We need to get to Creteloc.”
He put his hand out to stop her. “Why?”
“If we can’t get some decent weapons, we’re not going to make it back.  She’s our best bet for that.”
“We can’t get them anywhere else?”
Kyrin just smiled and helped each of them through the portal.  The second they got into Paramide, they felt like something was wrong.  A sudden chill ran through them, but Kyrin didn’t seem to notice as she started toward Creteloc’s home.
The knights stayed closer to her and kept a careful eye on their surroundings.  They walked for hours before any sign of civilization appeared.
“Why are they here?” Creteloc asked as she walked up to them.
Kyrin sighed. “Can they stay at your house for a few hours?  I need to talk to you.”
“Why?” Creteloc snarled as she looked at the nervous knights.
“Please?”
The assassin began to walk around the knights. “They don’t look like Valharans.”
“I can explain all of that.”
“Why can’t they wait out here?”
“They aren’t armed properly, and you know as well as I do that the shadow elves will eat them alive.”
Creteloc smiled. “So true.”
“What’ll it take?” Kyrin asked her.
“Will they need to eat?”
“No”
Finn watched them closely.  He wasn’t sure he liked that they were bartering, and he wasn’t sure what Kyrin could give.
“They can’t have any water,” Creteloc said.
“They won’t touch it.”
“Mikkelsa then.”
Kyrin nodded. “Done.”
“Wait, what’s mikkelsa?” Finn asked.
Kyrin just moved forward. “Follow me.  Once you get into the safety of Creteloc’s house, you can rest.”
Finn followed her but took her arm. “Tell me what mikkelsa is.”
“Don’t worry about it, okay?  I need to get us some supplies.”
Not seeing as though they had a choice, Finn just nodded and let the assassin lead them to her home.  When they got inside, their fear level seemed to rise, but they all sat down to rest.  There was a pot boiling over the fire, and an acrid smell was coming from it.
Kyrin glanced once at them and then started out the door. “Stay here and don’t touch anything.”
“Or try that poison on the fire for me,” Creteloc said before leaving.
“No, don’t,” Kyrin called back to them.
Finn looked uncomfortably around the small home. “Great.”
“We shouldn’t be here, sir,” one of the knights said.
“We shouldn’t even be out of our dimension.”
“True”
“I don’t blame Kyrin.  I blame those elves.”
“I wonder if the king knows yet.”
“We’re not due back for another week.”
“I just wonder if he’ll get wind of it early,” the knight said.  “I mean, when the trolls don’t attack Valhara.”
Finn shrugged. “I don’t know.  I hope so because I suspect that Sithias will come get us.”
“Sir, we watched that woman get r…,” one of the knights whispered.
“Stop!” Finn said angrily.  “We couldn’t help her.”
“I swore my life to uphold good.”
“So did I!  Now drop it.”
“I can’t get it out of my head,” another said sadly.
Finn swallowed hard. “We didn’t have a choice.  We can’t advocate honor and good while we’re out here.  Our main goal right now is to return to Paragoy and to keep those things from happening in our homes.”
“I’d rather have died trying to save her.”
“No, we get back to Paragoy.  Our lives were given in service of Valhara, and we can’t do that out here.”
The knight nodded, but it was obvious he was still upset.
“What’s the Lady doing?” another knight asked him.
Finn shrugged. “I’m not sure.  I’m almost afraid to ask.  She’s doing what she thinks she needs to, to get us home though.”
“We trust her for that?”
“Implicitly”
One of the other knights looked at his fellow Valharans. “Don’t you all see what’s going on here?  That known evil has saved our lives.  I’m getting tired of the distrust from this group.  She’s out there doing god knows what to get us weapons, and you are all still complaining about her.”
Finn nodded in agreement. “Back off of her.  She’s doing the best she can.  We all watched what happened to that woman, but getting involved would have gotten us all killed, and you know it.”
“You two are very trusting and give a lot of credit to a known evil!” one of the knights said.
The defending knight was in his face instantly. “Back off or deal with me.  I’m not listening to any more complaining about someone who’s trying to save our lives.”
“Calm down,” Finn told them.  “When we get back to Paragoy, we’ll deal with this.  Right now, you follow orders and do what Kyrin says.  If you don’t, you will report to the king.”
The angry knight sat down and leaned back against the wall to get some rest.  When he shut his eyes, the other knights did the same.  Creteloc’s house was warm, and even though it smelled of chemicals, they felt safer than they did out in the open.
Finn looked up hours later when Kyrin returned.  She was alone but had an armful of long-swords, some chain mail, and cloaks.  She was now outfitted in black leather with a black hooded cape.  He stood up and helped her unload the supplies, and then took her arm when she swayed slightly.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, looking over her pale complexion.
“Nothing.  Load up and let’s go.  Put the chain mail under your clothes though, so it doesn’t show.”
He looked over her again and then turned to get ready.  Kyrin sat down on a chair and leaned her head into her hands while they prepared to leave.
“Is there any food?” one of them asked.
She shook her head. “There’s a dimension on the way with local wildlife.  I can get some food for us then.”
Finn was ready first and knelt down beside Kyrin. “Tell me what you had to do to get this stuff.”
She smiled weakly. “It doesn’t matter.  We need to get going.  I want out of Paramide before dark when the shadow elves come out.”
He sighed and then nodded and stood up. “Let’s get out of here.”
Kyrin was the first to leave the hut, and the rest of them followed her past where Creteloc was looking at them with disgust.  When they reached the portal to Kyrstalis, Finn froze.
“Can we avoid that place?” he asked her.
“I can look for another portal, but there’s no telling where it will take us.”
“So it can drop us anywhere?”
“Yes.  The fastest way back is through Kyrstalis.”
Finn nodded and turned to his knights. “Put your hoods up and keep those swords out of sight.  Let’s just try to run through and not stop for anything.”
Kyrin ushered them through into Kyrstalis.  It was night there also, and the cemetery had a light fog covering most of the ground.  The second she stepped through, they all took off running as she covered her face with the hooded cape.

***

Alric stood on the balcony of the castle and looked out over Valhara.  There had been no sign of trolls, and he was waiting to hear back from scouts he sent to verify that Minathim was under attack.  He had the sinking suspicion that they weren’t in danger and something else was going on.  
Sithias was in another dimension, working something out with Erianah, and he had been unreachable.  Alric saw the scouts coming back at a full run and went down to meet them.
Alric and Trox met the scouts in front of the castle.  The knights rode up and jumped off of their horses before they’d even fully stopped.
The captain was one of the scouts, and he pointed at Azimeth, who had just come out to see what was going on. “Get her into prison, now.”
She gasped and then was taken into the castle.
Alric watched them haul her away and turned to the captain. “Why did you do that?”
“Minathim has declared war on Valhara,” he said angrily.  “We need to convene the war council.”
Alric turned and headed into the war room, followed by Trox, the knight’s captain, Saith, and four of the top-ranking knights.
“Tell us what happened,” Alric said to the captain.
“When we got there, we were stopped at the front gates.  Their king came out and said that Kyrin went rogue and killed some of the elves, killed the Valharan knights, and then shifted with an elven hostage.”
Alric gasped. “What?”
“They claim that she did it in the name of her god and…”
“She wouldn’t kill Finn,” Saith told them.  “I’m not so sure about the other knights, but she has a loyalty to him.”
“This is all preposterous,” Alric said angrily.
“So Auldian told us to come back and warn you that we are now enemies.”
“They must have our people hostage,” one of the knights said.
“Kyrin wouldn’t attack Minathim, unless they did something,” Alric said.  “She also wouldn’t just kill my knights.”
“They gave us this,” the captain said, and held out one of the amulets worn by the knights of Valhara.
Alric took it and studied it. “There’s blood on this.”
“Yes, sire.”
He sighed. “Go to level four defenses then.  I need to see if I can get Sithias yet.”
“And if Lady Kyrin is spotted?” the captain asked.
“She didn’t do it.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Double the guards at Boriana ruins.  When she comes back through, there could be trouble.”
Trox turned to the captain. “Were the trolls there?”
“I saw no damage to their outer wall and no sign of any trolls,” he explained.
“So they lured Kyrin and your knights there out of false pretenses.”
“That’s what I’m thinking,” Alric snapped.  He then slammed his fist into the table. “And I fell for it and sent them!”
“We know at least one knight is dead,” Trox said, picking up the amulet.  “Kyrin shifted, so they may still have hostages.”
“I’m afraid they will have killed them.”
“As am I.  Then I suggest you do as you suggested and try to contact Sithias.  If he can find Kyrin, he can get answers.”
Saith stood slowly and spun when a shimmer started in the war room.  Alric also stood and then everyone fell to their knees when Sithias appeared.
“Why have followers of mine left this dimension?” he asked angrily.
“We aren’t sure yet,” Alric told him.  “There’s a problem.”
“I also demand to know why Kyrin is no longer in Paragoy.  If that demon backed out on his deal.”
“My Lord, Minathim claims Kyrin went on a killing spree while in Minathim.  They say she killed our knights and some of the elves, and then shifted with an elven hostage.”
Sithias stopped moving and looked down at the bowed king. “Where did you hear this?”
“Their King Auldian told me,” the captain whispered.
“He claims Kyrin killed knights?”
“Yes, my Lord.”
“Finn isn’t in my world, she wouldn’t kill him.”
“I know,” Alric told him.  “We fear that’s not the real story, and I’m afraid she shifted.  If she did kill some of the elves or even a knight, she may not return for worry of retaliation.”
“This doesn’t make sense.  Why was Kyrin in Minathim?” Sithias asked them.
“They sent a call for help that trolls were attacking.  After negotiations, it was agreed that Kyrin and seven knights would go,” Alric explained.  “They told us you knew.”
“There’s been no word from them?”
“No, my Lord.”
“Kyrin wouldn’t do as they say unless they scared her.”
“I agree.”
“I will go to the elves and find out what’s going on.”
Alric looked up as Sithias shimmered out of their sight.

***

“Let’s rest here tonight,” Kyrin said, dropping her backpack to the forest floor.
The others followed suit and then sat down to rest.  They’d been traveling for days in the heat and without any food or water.  Tensions were high, and everyone was getting irritated and short tempered.
Finn was more worried about Kyrin as time went on.  When they left Kyrstalis and got into a dimension where it was light outside, he saw her pallor.  Even her lips were without color, and dark circles had formed under sunken eyes.  She still refused to say what was wrong, but he was watching her carefully.
“Are we safe to sleep here?” one of the knights asked.
Kyrin nodded. “Yes, set up a lookout.  I’m going to see if I can scrounge up some food.”
“I’ll go with you,” Finn said, standing up.  She nodded and they both headed out.  When they came to a muddy hole in the ground, Kyrin stepped back into the shadows to wait for wildlife to come for a drink.
“Can we drink that?” Finn whispered, looking at the murky water.
“No, but animals are desperate and will give in and attempt it.  We’ll need to kill them before they drink, or we can’t eat them.”
He nodded and then sat back to wait for an animal.  It was two hours later when a rustling started across from them, and a large frog-like creature hopped out of the bushes.  Its long tongue touched the air before he hopped to the watering hole and reached down to smell it.  Standing over three feet tall, the creature smelled of rotten eggs and had four sets of eyes that scanned every direction at the same time.
Finn jumped when Kyrin’s hands clapped and lightning shot out of them.  The frog froze instantly and then fell back when the lightning slammed into his chest.
Kyrin sunk down against a tree, out of breath.
Finn stood up and then knelt down beside her. “What’s wrong?”
“I shouldn’t be casting,” she said weakly.  “I’m too tired.”
“Stay here while I dress it.  Then I’ll carry it back.  Can you make it to camp?”
“Yes”
Finn hurried over and began to clear the insides out of the frog.  The smell was atrocious, but his mouth watered at the very thought of something to eat.  He heaved the heavy frog over his shoulder and then turned around and watched Kyrin struggle to get to her feet.
Once moving, Finn followed her and wondered how long it would be before they got to Paragoy where she could get some help.  
Back in camp, the knights already had a fire going, and they each cut a piece off of the frog to cook over the fire.  Finn cooked the first piece and turned to give it to Kyrin, but she was already asleep.  He knelt down and pushed the cloak off of her face.  She seemed to be getting sicker, and her lips were not only white but dry and cracked.  He thought she may have a small wheeze to her breathing that worried him even more.
He ate in silence, trying to ignore the sliminess of the meat as he chewed.  The taste wasn’t as bad as the smell, and it felt good to have a full stomach after being hungry for so long.  Each knight got their two swallows of the foul tasting water from the flasks, and then sat down to wait out the night.
Two knights at a time watched while the others slept, and Finn set out a schedule that didn’t include any awake time for Kyrin.  He laid back to sleep as best he could on the hard ground and looked up at the strange stars and the odd orange clouds that drifted past the purple moon.
“I’m done.”  The voice broke the silence just as the sun was rising.
Kyrin sat up and frowned at the knight as he looked over them with a dagger perched at his heart.
Finn jumped to his feet and put his hands out. “Taul, put the dagger down.”
The knight shook his head and backed up. “We watched that woman.  We left the man hanging by the cemetery when we left Kyrstalis, and he was still alive.  I swore my life to do good.”
“We didn’t have a choice,” Finn said softly.
“That baby was dead.”
“I know.”
“We saw the pregnant woman stoned in front of laughing men.”
“Taul”
“I can’t live with what I’ve seen.”
“We just need to get back to Paragoy.  Once there, we can begin recovery.  It’s our job to make it back there to ensure that Valhara never becomes like what we’ve seen.”
“She was screaming for help.”
“I know.”
“We just stood there.”
“We were outnumbered hundreds to one,” Finn told him.  “Please, hand me the dagger.”
“We should have helped!” he yelled angrily.  “That makes us no better than the others.”
“We are better.”
“No, we’re not.”  The knight turned to Kyrin. “You grew up with that.  You grew up with such evil and atrocities.  How are you even sane?”
She didn’t know what to say, so she just watched him.
The knight’s shoulders fell and he looked at the ground. “The Lady of Valhara has seen things no one should see.  She’s lived in a world devoid of any humanity.”
“She survived and you can too,” Finn told him.
He looked up at Kyrin again and smiled. “You’re a strong woman, and I admire how far you’ve come when you were handed so little.  You’re the noblest person I’ve ever met, and don’t let anyone say any different.”
“Taul, give me the dagger,” Finn said again, and held his hand out.
“Forgive me, Sithias,” he whispered, and plunged the blade into his heart.
Kyrin watched with wide eyes as he sunk to the ground, already lifeless.  The knights swarmed to him and tried to stop the bleeding, but it was too late, and he died in Finn’s arms.




Chapter 4

Saith hurried up the stairs in the castle, passing by knights but not saying a word.  He knocked on the king’s door when he arrived.
Even though it was close to 3am, Alric was already awake and opened the door.
“Sire, Sithias needs to convene the Valharan Justice Court.”
“Gather them.  I’ll be right down.”
“Yes, sir,” Saith said with a bow.  He ran down the stairs and Alric returned to his room to put on his official tunic and crown.  His entire time as king, he’d never had to convene the Justice Council, and it had to be by the book.  
Alric stopped as he tied on his long-sword and briefly wondered if he was the one to be on trial for marrying an evil.  He brushed off the thought and then headed down to the throne room where the Justice Court was supposed to gather.
The Court was already gathered, and they all stood when the king entered.  Seats had been placed on the floor before the throne platform.  Trox, the knight’s captain, Saith, three knights, and two priests were there.
When Alric sat down, the others followed suit and the doors to the throne room slammed shut on their own.  They were all watching nervously as the lights dimmed slightly and a rumble started through the floor.
When Sithias appeared, he was angry and looked over the Court. “Are you ready?”
“Yes, my Lord,” Alric said with a bow.
Sithias waved his hand and 12 elves appeared before him, cowering with fear.  The members of the Court all jumped slightly when a loud crash sounded, and weapons fell from out of thin air and landed in front of them.
Alric stood slowly when he saw Kyrin’s flail among seven Valharan long-swords.  After the weapons settled, Kyrin’s backpack fell and landed with a soft thud beside them, followed by the clang of what used to be its contents.
“What is this?” Alric asked.
Sithias looked at him with fury in his eyes. “This court will try the Minathim Requiem Council for falsely sentencing the Lady of Valhara to death in my name.”
“Is she dead?” 
“No,” Sithias said, standing tall before the cowering elves.  “Kyrin managed to escape and shifted to save her life and the lives of the knights.  They are now out in the dimensions on the run from false accusations and a court that was unjustified and unwarranted.”
Alric looked at Auldian in his torn clothing and fearful expression. “What did you do?”
Auldian’s mouth opened, but no noise came out.
“Tell him!” Sithias roared.
“S… w… we thought…”
“They thought I was too weak to try an evil and did it for me,” Sithias said.  “She was questioned and tortured for days before finally facing elven executioners at the guillotine.”
Alric was finding it hard to breathe, and he sat down to listen.
“In my name!”  Sithias words shook the castle. “How dare you do anything so underhanded in my name!”
“We didn’t mean any harm,” Auldian whispered.
Trox moved over to the weapons and pulled out Kyrin’s flail. “They are traveling the dimensions unarmed?”
“Punish them, and make plans to integrate Minathim into Valhara as one kingdom,” Sithias said.  He then shook with rage and disappeared from the room in a loud explosion.
Alric took a deep breath to calm the fury that was rising and stood to call knights into the room.  After chairs were brought in for the 12 elves, Alric addressed the court.
“This will be interesting.  We have no idea what the charges even are, so we’ll start from the beginning.”
The court nodded in agreement.
“Let’s start with why Kyrin and my knights were summoned to help Minathim with a troll attack.  Auldian, I ask you,” Alric said, and then sat down.
Auldian stood shakily. “There’s been a mistake.  We did nothing wrong.  It’s our duty to uphold the pact made between our holy Sithias and Erianah to keep evil out of our world.” 
“Sithias made it quite clear that he didn’t agree with what happened, whatever it is that happened,” Trox said.
“He will when his anger clears.”
“So,” Alric interrupted, “you lured Kyrin and my knights to Minathim so you could put Kyrin in Requiem?”
Auldian simply nodded.
“Let’s start with what happened when they arrived.”
“We separated the knights from the Lady.  The knights were kept safe.  We didn’t want them harmed.”
“And Kyrin?”
“She didn’t know about the trial until the following morning.  We poisoned her room to knock her unconscious and then restrained her hands apart for the trial.”
“Poisons?”
“Yes, it didn’t harm her long-term.”
“It’s just funny that you put an evil on trial and then used poison, an evil tool.”
“We had no choice.  We couldn’t risk her casting on us.”
“Then she was on trial?”
“Yes”
Alric nodded. “Walk us through it.”
For ten hours, the elves went over evidence in their case against Kyrin, broken only by questions from members of the Valharan Justice Court.  Each part of Kyrin’s backpack was returned inside after the items were explained to the Valharans, and how they played a part of her guilty verdict.
Alric was finding it harder and harder to stay calm, even though it was his job as King and as a Holy Knight to show no anger and to always remain level-headed.  Even Trox was now angry and refuted a lot of their claims with logic and his knowledge of evil acts from the past.
Alric’s accusing gaze became fiercer as Auldian spoke of the actual execution ritual and how Kyrin got away by such a small margin.  After explaining how the Valharans shifted out of danger, Auldian fell silent and sat down.
“How dare you do that in the name of our god,” Alric said angrily.  “I think you’re lucky there are any elves left.  Sithias isn’t used to such disobedience.”
“We had to!  No one from Valhara saw her for what she truly is,” one of the other elves said to him.
“An evil?” Trox asked.
“Yes!  Pure evil.”
“Proven by how she took an elf as a hostage,” Auldian said.
“I don’t know why Kyrin took an elf,” Alric explained.  “However, it is apparent to this court that she saved the lives of our knights and then fled for her life.”
“She killed them!  They aren’t coming back.”
“Sithias and I have worked so hard to gain the trust of that out-worlder, and you have gone behind our backs and risked this entire dimension!”
“How?!  Getting rid of the evil helped us!”
“There is greater evil beyond our world, and Kyrin is our only hope to fend them off and keep the portals closed.”
“We didn’t…”
“You didn’t think!  You risked the entire dimension for your flawed sense of good.”
“The Requiem was called for in this case!” Auldian yelled.
“Sit down!” Alric ordered.  “It was not called for.  You imprisoned the Lady of Valhara, a noble, and held her to a trial full of inaccurate information and guesses!  You tortured her for lying and then tried to kill her.”
“She killed my executioner and kidnapped a high-ranking member of my staff!”
“She killed the executioner who tried to kill her.”
“Then how do you explain taking a hostage?”
“We’ll have to ask her if she ever returns.”
Trox stood up and put his hands out for everyone to be quiet. “We need to move on.  After our people shifted out of our dimension, why did you feel the need to call a war with Valhara, and then send erroneous proof to us that our knights were killed by the Lady?”
“We believe she has killed them.”
“We do not.  She will bring them back safely if she’s able.  Shifting without weapons may have cost them their lives.”
“That’s not our fault!  We didn’t force them to shift.”
“Yes, you did!” the knight’s captain said.  “You put my knights and the Lady of Valhara in danger!”
Somehow, Trox remained calm. “We just want to know why you declared war against Valhara and then told us lies?”
“We declared war because we knew Valhara would attack Minathim when they found out about the Requiem,” one of the elves said.  “We were protecting ourselves!”
Trox smiled. “You forgot about protecting yourself from our god.”
“He will see our way.  We believe, in time, he will block the portals and keep that evil from returning.  When he does, he will also reinstate Minathim as a kingdom with an elven ruler!”
“I’ve heard enough,” Trox said to the Court.  “I believe we have sufficient information for a ruling?”
Alric nodded and stood up when Trox sat down. “As Holy Knight of Sithias, I proclaim these proceedings finished.  The court has one hour to decide on their verdict and to present our findings to the accused.”
“Take them to the dungeons,” the captain ordered his knights.
When the elves left, Alric sat down again and leaned toward the others. “Thoughts?”
“There’s no question,” one of the priests said.  “They performed the Requiem in the name of our Lord when it wasn’t his will.  They are guilty by their own accord.”
The other priest nodded. “I don’t believe they denied any of it.  That they were going to kill the Lady in the name of our god makes them no better than the Qualsax.”
“Do any of you disagree with the guilty verdict?” Alric asked.  He glanced at each one, and in turn, they all shook their heads.
“Do any of you feel lenience should be given?” Trox asked them.
Again, all of them voted no.
Alric leaned back in his chair. “It’s important that you be open and honest in this decision.  If we base our opinions on passion and not pure logic, then we give them the same disrespect that they gave to Kyrin.”
“I think it’s obvious,” Trox said.  “They admitted putting Kyrin through a Requiem, even to go as far as to hook her to a guillotine.  Doing so in the name of our god without his approval exacerbates their crime, and I feel they need punished.”
“If no one objects, we need to come up with a punishment then and arrange for representatives to go to the elves as leaders.”
“No one objects,” one of the priests said.  “This is a clear-cut case.”
“Very well then… punishments?  That’s a lot of elves to keep in our dungeons.”
“Would you rather execute them?” Trox asked.
“I’m not sure death is the answer.”
“We can’t let them go.”
“I know.  Let’s think this through.  What other options do we have?”
No one answered as they mulled through options for punishing the elves.  For such a heinous crime, the punishment needed to be brutal, but they hesitated to kill the top twelve ranking officials of what used to be Minathim.
“What if we confine them to the service of Valhara?” Alric suggested.
“How do we do that exactly?” Trox asked him.
“We put them to work in our fields or in the castle as servants.”
“What keeps them from running off?”
“Well, they might need chained and supervised.”
“That’s a lot of manpower to watch servants.”
“I hate to use the word, but at that point, they would be more like slaves.”
A broad smile crossed Trox’s face. “Elves as slaves to the same city they betrayed.  That’s not a bad idea, my king.”
“It lets us keep an eye on them but shows our displeasure at what they did.  Elves aren’t known for their manual labor, so this might be the best punishment.”
“Will there be a time period?” one of the priests asked.
“I say life,” Trox told him.
Alric nodded. “As do I.”
“There’s one problem with that,” the captain said.  “When the Lady returns, will she want to be waited on by the same elves that tried to kill her?”
“I hadn’t thought of that.”
“She may just take care of them herself.”
“That’s true.  With that in mind, we’d need to keep them out of the castle then.  We could build confinement quarters by the fields and keep them out there.  Knights could watch them as part of their work detail.”
“That wouldn’t be hard, and we do need the help in the fields.”
“What about during the winter?” the captain asked.
Alric thought for a moment. “I’m not sure.”
“We can have them keeping the roads of Valhara clean from snow.”
“That would be helpful.”
“Then it’s settled,” Trox said.  He turned to the doors. “Bring them back in.”
The court watched as the twelve elves were brought back in, surrounded by knights.  They returned to the seats before the court and fell silent, afraid to hear the verdict.
Alric stood. “As King of Valhara and Holy Knight of Sithias, I do hereby render the verdict as guilty on the charges given.  You are to spend your lives in the service of the king and lady of Valhara.  All of you will stay in the dungeons until such time that a suitable living space can be built for you to live in.  At that time, you will work summers in the fields and winters cleaning the city roads.”
“You can’t do this!” Auldian yelled, standing up.  “We did nothing wrong!”
“The verdict and punishment will be told to Sithias.  If he disagrees, then we will convene again.  Until then, those are our findings.”
Everyone watched, shocked, when a shimmer started, and Finn appeared on the floor between the elves and the court.  He was on one knee, bowed, with his eyes closed in what was normal formation for an encounter with Sithias.
Finn looked up when he felt the warmth of the castle, and then turned to his side when another shimmer started and one of the knights appeared, also on his knee and bowing.
One by one the missing knights returned to the castle, surprised to finally find themselves home.  Finn stood up and turned just as the last shimmer started and formed into Kyrin, who was standing.
Sithias appeared behind them. “They are home.”
Everyone was too busy watching the god to see Kyrin’s movements.  She spun suddenly, grabbed two long-swords off of the floor, and ran at the elves.  In a swift kick, she knocked Auldian back in his chair and then stood above him with her swords crossed at his neck.
The elf looked up with wide eyes as the blades pressed against the sides of his neck.
“Kyrin,” Alric said, standing slowly.
Sithias watched her but made no move to stop her.
Auldian screamed out when Kyrin moved the blades slightly, slicing thinly into his neck as she scowled down at him.
“Kyrin,” Alric said again.  He walked down toward her and then put his hand on her arm. “It’s okay.”
When she drew the swords back another inch, slicing deeper into his neck, Alric gently pried her hands off of the swords and then took them and threw them onto the floor behind him.
Kyrin looked at him with hollow, sunken eyes, and her paleness made his heart sink.  He pulled her away from the terrified elf, where Finn met up with them.
“She’s very sick,” Finn whispered.
“What happened?”
“We don’t know.  Something that assassin did to her in payment for helping us.”
Kyrin looked over at the elves again, and her body tensed.  The adrenaline from seeing the elves wore off, and she started to sink to her knees, exhausted.  Alric picked her up and looked over at Sithias.
Surprising everyone there, Sithias floated up to Alric and took Kyrin from his arms.  He looked down at her with respect and then both of them shimmered out of sight.
Finn spun to the elves. “You have a hell of a lot of explaining to do!”
“They’ve told us what happened,” Alric told him.  “But you’re missing someone.  Where is Taul?”
Finn glanced at the elves before answering. “I’d rather not say in front of them.”
Alric nodded and then addressed the room. “Our verdict and punishments have been stated.  Take them to the dungeons to await further instructions.”
Knights swarmed into the room and pulled the elves away roughly.  
“Let’s meet where you can eat and drink,” Alric said to the recently returned Valharans.  He couldn’t help but notice how none of them were really speaking and were huddled together, looking defeated and uncertain of what was going on.
Finn nodded and then went over to the knights.  He whispered to them and they finally followed the king out of the throne room and into the dining room where plates were set out for them, along with pitchers of cold water.
They immediately began to eat and drink, having starved the entire time they were out in the dimensions.  Alric watched them, patiently waiting to hear what they’d seen and been through while away.  He also wondered what was wrong with Kyrin and what Sithias was doing to help her.
As they ate, Alric studied them closer and noticed that all of them had at least one wound.  Finn had blood dripping down from the side of his head, saturating his shirt.  The knight beside him was favoring his left arm, and it was wrapped tightly with some type of leather.
“Get priests in here to heal them,” Alric ordered.  He felt it would be beneficial to add additional blessings to the healing, and the priests could do that better.  The knights still weren’t talking and often jerked and looked around the room at small movements or sounds.
When their plates were empty, more was ordered, and it wasn’t until they were full and healed that Alric decided to talk to them.  It took two priests a lot of time to heal all of their wounds, obvious battle scars.
“Is there anything else you need?” Alric asked when they sat back in their seats.
Finn shook his head. “No.”
“I want to know what happened, but I want to stay within your comfort zone and not step into what you may not be willing to talk about.”
“Can we let them return to their quarters to rest?” Finn asked.  “I can give a full report.  We were never separated, and I can give as much information as they can.”
“Is that what you want?” Alric asked them.
The closest knight glanced around and then turned to his king. “We want to be with the Lady.  She shouldn’t be away from us.”
“She’s with Sithias.”
“She doesn’t trust him.  Right now, she’s weakened, and we’re afraid of how scared she may be when she wakes up.”
Alric frowned slightly.  The knights had shown nothing but distrust toward his wife, yet this one was now worried about her. “I’m sure she’ll be fine.”
“You don’t understand, sir,” another knight said.  “We can’t leave her.”
“You’re right.  I don’t understand, but Sithias has her, and he will treat her kindly.”
“She’s so sick.”
“I saw that.  You have no idea what happened to her?”
Finn shook his head. “No.  She took us to Creteloc.  At that time, we had only daggers and torn clothing.  They said something about mikkelsa and then left.  When they returned, Kyrin was pale and drawn but had long-swords and cloaks for us.  She did something in payment for those.”
“Maybe Sithias can figure out what it was.”
“She,” one of the knights started, but then hesitated.
“We’re here to help,” Alric assured him.  “You can tell me.”
He glanced up at Finn and then shook his head. “Never mind.”
“Tell me, please.”
Finn finally spoke, “What we saw, what we encountered out there, is beyond the horrors of the imagination.  Kyrin saved us, many times over.  She showed strength that we’ve never seen, and I think you’ll find that the six of us here will never look at her the same again.”
“She needs us with her,” the knight said.  “We need to be with her right now.”
Alric sighed. “She needs Sithias right now.  I understand the…”
“With all due respect, sir.  You don’t understand even a fraction of it.”
“I can’t bother Sithias right now.  He won’t hurt her.”
“I know this is hard to understand,” Finn said to them, “but Kyrin is used to what we just went through.  She did that as a child and grew up in that exact environment.”
Alric watched them closely before making a decision. “This is what’s going to happen.  You all will stay in the castle, down in the bunks.  I don’t want you on routine patrols, and you aren’t to leave the castle or be alone at any time.  Priests will be outside of your door at all times and will be available if you need to talk.”
“Sir,” the closest knight said.
Alric put his hand out. “This is what’s best.  I want routine updates on your health, your sleeping and eating, and your well-being.”
“I’d rather just return to my home for a while.”
“My decision is made.  I don’t want you out of my sight.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Now go get some rest while I talk to your captain.”
“Separate us?” one of the knights asked suspiciously.
Finn nodded to him. “I’ll be right there.  Let me talk to the king in private.”
“We can wait at the door.”
“No, do as you’re told.”
They hesitated and then stood slowly and left the room.  When Alric and Finn were alone, Finn grabbed the water and refilled his glass.
“Where’s Taul?” Alric asked after Finn had another long drink.
Finn turned pained eyes to his king. “He killed himself.”
“Why would he do that?”
“What we saw, what we did, or didn’t do, for that matter, was just too much.”
“Tell me,” Alric said, leaning forward.
“Kyrin hasn’t told us even a fraction of the evil the dimensions hold.”
“She might have been trying to protect us from it.”
“That or it’s so common she doesn’t think twice about it.”
“So what did you see?”
“I don’t know if I can talk about it,” Finn confessed.
“I need to know what we’re up against if they get into our dimension.”
“I’d die first.”
“I need to know.”
Finn finally went into detail of their time away.  Every minute aspect of what they saw and what they went through was spelled out as Alric sat, dumbstruck.  For hours, they sat at the table while the king listened to Finn talk about the atrocities of the dimensions and the pure, brute evilness and uncaring ways of the people they encountered.
When he finished, Alric simply nodded and then looked around at the elaborately decorated dining hall with the food still laid out for them to eat.  Things were so lavish here, and he couldn’t help but have renewed fear of if Paragoy was breached.
“Go see Emerisa,” Alric said at long last.  “Then I want you here with the others.”
Finn nodded and then stood up and turned to Alric. “Kyrin.”
“She’ll be okay.  I’m sure Sithias is taking care of her.”
“She’s… words just can’t describe it.  Without her, we wouldn’t have made it through the first night.”
“She is pretty amazing.”
“It’s more than that.  She has an internal strength that’s beyond comprehension.”
Alric nodded and watched Finn leave.  He looked over when he heard a knock and saw Saith standing in the doorway.
“Lady Kyrin is in your room,” Saith told him.
“Is she okay?”
“She’s resting.  Sithias put her into a sleep that he said will last a couple of days.”
Alric stood slowly. “What’s wrong with her?”
Saith’s jaw tensed. “That… assassin…”
“What did she do?”
“In repayment for weapons and supplies for our knights, she drained the Lady’s blood.”
“What?!”
“Sithias told me it’s a process known as mikkelsa and is quite painful.  Blood is drawn directly from the heart, leaving only enough for the donor to survive.”
Alric swept past Saith and ran up the stairs, taking three at a time.  He opened the bedroom door and saw Kyrin asleep in the bed.  The shades were drawn, and Dewell was sitting beside her in a chair.
Saith walked in also. “Sithias said she needs rest more than anything.”
Alric sat down beside her. “She did that to save my knights.”
“It would seem so.”
“Yet the elves branded her too evil to live.”
“They were wrong about a good many things.”
Dewell studied her and then looked over at the king. “Her breathing and heart are slowing to normal.  That was my main concern.”
“She’s so pale.”
“That will return.  I am also concerned about a puncture wound on her chest.”
Alric lowered her neckline down a bit and saw a large puncture wound above her heart.  It was red and inflamed, and surrounded by a deep, black bruise. “That’s where the blood was drawn?”
“Yes,” Saith told him.  “Blood fresh from the heart has more life essence in it.  It’s not been polluted by the body yet, thereby highly coveted for potions.”
“My wife is on her death bed.  I have a knight that committed suicide because of the barbarities of the dimensions.  Six more knights are too traumatized to even function.  All of this because the elves felt the need to bring justice where no crime was committed.”
Saith pulled up a chair. “We still haven’t addressed how we tell Lady Kyrin that she is now to rule over the elves as well as the humans from Valhara.”
“I don’t know how to tell her that.  How do you tell a scorned woman that her kingdom has just doubled to include those that wronged her?” 
“Maybe she will be okay with it,” Dewell said.  “Maybe she will find some justice ruling over those who are terrified of what they’ve done to her in the past.”
“I don’t think she’ll see it that way,” Saith replied.  
“I don’t either,” Alric said.  “I don’t have a choice though.  For now, send Trox to the old Minathim castle with 75 knights and 12 priests.  The elves may deal better with Trox because he’s a half elf.  Tell them to ascertain the damage to the city, if there is any, and to report back on the alliances of the elves.  I want to know if they will embrace this change.”
“Yes, sire,” Saith said, and then left the room quickly.
“Dewell, bring in a weapon’s smith.  I want the weapons in the throne room looked over and repaired if there’s any damage.  Once they are back in mint condition, return them to the weapon’s room, except for the flail.  Bring it up here to Kyrin’s bedside table.”
“Yes, sir.”  Dewell looked over Kyrin once more and then went to follow his orders.

***

Alric walked up to the bunk rooms the knights were staying in.  He knocked and then walked in.  By the time he got the door open, they were already on their feet and defensive.  When they saw it was the king, most relaxed, but a couple still looked at him suspiciously.
He smiled and then sat down at the table. “Sit, please.  I want to see how you are doing.”
“How’s the Lady?” one of them asked, sitting down beside him.
“She’s still sleeping.  She should wake up tomorrow though.”
“Her color?”
“Is coming back,” Alric said.  He waited until Finn and the others sat down too. “I heard you aren’t sleeping.”
Finn looked at the others. “No, none of us are.”
“Is there anything I can do?”
“No”
“Yes,” one of the knights said.  “You can discharge me from the knighthood and send me back to my home.” 
“Why would I do that?” Alric asked him.
“Because I let it happen!” he yelled, standing up.  “I stood there and watched it.”
Finn stood too. “We all did!  We didn’t have a choice.”
“I did!  I chose my life over the life of that woman.”
“Please, sit,” Alric said calmly.  He wasn’t sure how to pull his knights out of what they were going through and wondered if Sithias might be able to do something.
Finn and the knight sat down, but it was obvious that the knight was still angry.  Alric said a silent prayer that Sithias would keep these knights from killing themselves also.
“I’m not going to release you from knighthood because of what happened out there,” Alric told him.  “No one, not even me, can judge you for that.”
The knight’s shoulders slumped. “It’s not right.”
“You are now more experienced than anyone in Valhara to deal with this evil if it impedes into our lands,” Alric told him.  “We need you to protect us, so we don’t become like that.”
“I’m not experienced.  I did what the Lady told me, and she guided me to safety.  I did nothing,” he whispered.
“You are more experienced now.  We need that, and I’ll hold you to protect Valhara as you promised.”
The knight nodded but didn’t speak.
“I also heard that you aren’t eating well,” Alric said to them.  “I am, therefore, taking over your care until such time you’re able to do it yourself.”
“Do what?” Finn asked, frowning.
Alric smiled. “I will dictate when and what you eat.  You will sleep with help from the priests.”
“I’m not hungry,” one of the knights said.  “How can we eat when that baby starved to death on the streets of that city?”
“You will do as you’re told.  We’ve never dealt with this kind of trauma, and we’re going to do what we can to put you back at your posts and return everything to normal,” Alric said.
“We want to check on the Lady,” one of the knights told him.  “We want to see for ourselves that she’s okay.”
Alric smiled and then nodded. “I will take you to her.  Just a quick visit though, to see she’s being taken care of.”
Alric stood and then waited for the knights to follow him.  He was deeply proud of Kyrin and how she took care of them, and he fully understood why they had gained a newfound respect for her.  He was glad that she finally had supporters on his staff and hoped the rest of Valhara would learn from them.
The priests who stayed with the knights walked with them when Alric led them up to his bedroom.  They were all quiet as they peeked in at her.  She was still under Sithias’ influence and was sleeping deeply.  Her color looked better, and the knights felt more comfortable after making sure she was doing okay.
“Sir?” one of the knights whispered, and turned to Alric.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
“I… well… I kissed her.”
“Who?”
“The Lady,” he said, looking at the floor.
“You did?”  Alric was shocked.
“Wait,” Finn interrupted them.  “Don’t leave it like that!  He kissed her to keep the Shadowmere from seeing it was her.  They were coming from both directions, and his kiss hid her face.”
“I shouldn’t have,” the knight whispered.
“Kyrin pulled you to her.  She saw no other way out.”
Alric nodded. “It’s okay.  It sounds to me like you did it to protect her.”
“I should be punished.”
“No”
“The Shadowmere thought I was…”
“Stop,” Finn said.  “Enough.”
The knight nodded and didn’t say anything else about it.
Once back in their room, Alric again sat down at the table to see if he could help them.  Sithias’ advice was to stick close to them and support them through whatever it was they were going through.  Alric was shocked at the things they’d told him about the dimensions.  He knew they were harsh but had no clue how bad it was.
It was late the next day when Kyrin finally woke up.  Alric and Saith were with her when she opened her eyes and looked up at the ceiling.
She was confused at first as to where she was but finally sat up and looked over at Alric. “Hi.”
He smiled. “Welcome back.”
“I’m not sorry I attacked Auldian.”
“I’m not either.”
“You aren’t?”
“No.  He deserved what he got.”
She nodded and glanced at Saith. “How much do you know?”
“I think we know it all,” Alric told her after taking her hand.  
“I’m not in trouble for any of it?”
“On the contrary, we’re all extremely proud of you.”
“For what?”
“You saved our knights.”
“Most of them.”
Alric kissed her softly. “Just promise me one thing.”
“What?”
“Take it easy.  Sithias forced you to sleep for a few days, but it’s going to take time to get your strength back.”
“I have to go check on the temple,” Kyrin told him.
“It’s fine.  Right now, you need to get your blood supply back, and you’ll feel better.”
Kyrin laid back on the bed. “You know about that too?”
“Yes, Sithias told us.”
“And about the royal elf I took?”
“Finn told me about him.”
“You’re not mad about that either?” Kyrin asked him.
Alric shook his head. “I’m not mad about anything you did.  You brought the Valharans back safely, and we owe you for it.”
“No one owes me anything.”
“I think you’re going to find you have six very strong supporters.”
“Nothing will change.  Soon, they’ll hate me like the rest again.”
“I don’t think so.  They see a new side of you.  A side that I’ve always known was there.”
“Still”
“You kept some of the viciousness of the dimensions from us.”
She shrugged. “I don’t like to talk about some of it.”
“I know, but they saw it first hand, and it’s changed how they view you.”
“I haven’t changed.  There’s no reason to see me any differently than they did before.”
“Well they do.”
Kyrin sat up again and swung her legs out of bed.
“What are you doing?  I thought we just agreed you needed to stay in bed.”
“No, I don’t.  I need to go check on the temple.”
“Please stay down.”
“I’m okay, really.  I actually feel pretty good.”
“It’s still too soon,” Saith told her when she stood up.  “You lost a lot of blood.”
“I feel better though.  I will take it easy.  I promise.”
“Finn’s not going to want you out of the castle,” Alric said, trying a new tactic.
“Then he can go.”
“The knights are to stay in the castle until further notice.”
She looked over at him. “They’re on house arrest?”
“Not house arrest, but I don’t need another Taul on my hands.”
“Oh, Taul.”
“They’re traumatized, and I want to keep an eye on them.”
“Then I’ll sneak out.  I can’t sit here all morning.  Where are the twins, anyway?” Kyrin asked, disappearing behind the curtain.
“Emerisa has them.”
“Where’s Azimeth?”
“In the dungeon with the rest of the elves.”
“Really?” She couldn’t help but sound pleased.
“For now.  I can’t trust any of the elves just yet.  Speaking of elves…”  Alric glanced at Saith, who could do nothing but smile back at the king.
“What about them?  I suppose they’re going to try to get me now too,” Kyrin said, stepping out of the dressing curtain in a short dress.
“Not exactly.”
“What then?” She tied up her hair while she watched him.
“Sithias disbanded their kingdom.”
“Wow”
“So we’re… well, we’re now over the elves and the humans.”
“Do what?”
“Minathim is gone.  The elves are now part of Valhara.”
Her eyes narrowed. “You’re kidding?”
“No.  Sithias insists that the elves join Valhara as one kingdom.  That means that you and I will lead them also.”
“No!  I’d rather wipe them out of this dimension.”
“We can’t do that.  Their leaders messed up, not the entire race.”
“I don’t want anything to do with them.”
“I realize that, so I’m going to handle all relations with the elves for now.  Trox is going to lead a delegation to help them integrate into Valhara.”
“Why Trox?”
“He’s better suited for the job than anyone else in the kingdom, even myself.  The elves will trust him more because he’s a half elf.”
Kyrin’s eyes grew wide. “Trox is a half elf?!”
“Yes”
“That’s why he’s so old.”
“What did you think he was?” Alric asked, curious.
“I wasn’t sure, but I kept meaning to ask him.”
“Kyrin,” Alric sighed when she picked up her flail.
She looked over at him. “I’m fine, okay?  I just want to go check on the temple.”
“You had a rough few weeks.  Just sit back and relax.”
“I understand that your knights are upset and maybe not taking the dimensions well, but I am used to it.  Nothing happened that I haven’t seen before.”
“But the mikkelsa.”
“I’ll recover.”
Saith stood up and frowned. “Your heart rate is still too fast, so you’re suffering from after-effects of blood loss.”
“I know, but I feel a lot better.”
Alric finally nodded. “Okay, but don’t stay long, please.  Take knights and come right back.”
She smiled at him.  It was nice to be cared about, and she realized how much she had come to cherish it. “I’ll come right back.  I swear.”
Alric took her hand, and they began to walk down the stairs together.  Finn and the other knights that Kyrin saved were at the bottom of the stairs.
“Going out?” Finn asked, watching her.
“I’m just going to check on the temple.”
“Then we’ll go with you.”
“I won’t be long.  I promised Alric that I’ll come right back.”
“We’re going,” another of the knights said.
“You need to stay here.”
“No, we’re going.  You’re too weak to fight well, and we will protect you.”
She started to argue but saw the determination in their eyes, so she just nodded.  Alric kissed her again and watched her walk out surrounded by knights.  He agreed to let them go with her, hoping time with her might help in their recovery.
The walk through the forest was slow, as Kyrin was still feeling kind of tired.  No one spoke, but she glanced often at the knights around her and saw them watching carefully around them.  She got concerned when Finn drew his sword at the sound of movement, and then he tensed when a small rabbit bounded out from behind a bush.  
When they arrived at the temple, smoke was pouring out from the chimney, and Kyrin headed inside.  She turned to invite the knights in but saw them out by the trees surveying the area.
Kyrin shut the door behind her and looked around the empty room. “Anyone here?”
All of the Keepers came down the stairs and bowed to her.
“I’m sorry I’ve been gone for a while.  Is everything okay?”
The closest eunuch nodded.
“Do you need anything?”
He frowned slightly and nodded toward her.
“Me?  I’m okay.”
He shook his head.
“It’s the mikkelsa.  I’ll be okay.”
The eunuch walked over to her bedroom door and opened it, then stepped aside.
“I don’t need to rest.  I just wanted to see if things were going okay here.”
He moved to the bed and pulled the covers down.
“No, really.  I have to be getting back.  I’ll be here tomorrow though, okay?”
Finally, he nodded and she headed for the door.  Within the hour, she was back at the castle and walking up the stairs.
Finn stopped her when she opened the bedroom door. “Are you okay, kid?”
“I’m fine,” she said, smiling at him.  “You’ll be okay too.  The dimension’s effect seems to wear off here.”
“I hope so.  If you need to talk…”
“I know.  Get some rest okay?” Kyrin said to him.
He nodded, and she retreated into the bedroom.  After changing quickly into a nightgown, she took a long drink and went to bed.  
She had just nodded off when she heard someone come in.  She waited for a bit for Alric to join her, but the footsteps stopped at the fireplace and hadn’t moved.  
Sitting up, she waited for her eyes to adjust to the dark, and then she whispered, “Alric?  Are you coming to bed?”
“The bounty was raised, Kyrin,” someone whispered from the darkness.
Kyrin flew to her feet and grabbed her flail. “Who are you?”
“A representative from the Shadowmere Consortium,” he said, and she heard the sound of a sword being unsheathed.  “Come with me, and we’ll pretend this dimension doesn’t exist.”
“You’ll have to come and get me!”
“Oh, I fully plan on it.”
Kyrin lunged at him first and felt a jolt when her flail slammed against the stone fireplace.  The shadowy figure disappeared when the flail passed through him.  She looked around the room carefully and saw another movement.
“Don’t fight it.  You know in your heart that you belong to Mika and that all you’re doing here is being selfish,” he said, moving slowly around her.  “By staying in this dimension, you risk the entire dimension falling prey to the Clemency Consortium.”
Six more shadows appeared around him, and Kyrin felt her heart pound. “I’m not being selfish!  I live here, and I’ll protect them from the Consortiums.”
“Foolish girl.”
More shadows began to appear, each form holding a sword.
“Alric!” Kyrin screamed, and then fell backwards when they advanced on her.
Knights flooded into the room, followed shortly by Alric.  They all looked around when they saw Kyrin down on the floor with her flail clutched tightly in her hand.
She watched as they searched the adjacent closet and wash room but came out and told the king no one could be found.
Kyrin looked quickly toward the window, so a knight went to test it, but it wouldn’t open.
“Out,” Alric said to them, but kept an eye on Kyrin.
She sighed and then stood up and put her flail on the bedside table. “They were here.”
“No one’s here.  Was it the Shadowmere again?”
“Yes, a bunch of them.  They said I’m being selfish by staying here and will only bring the Consortiums into Paragoy.”
“We don’t see anyone here.  You had four knights outside of your door and…”
“Why four?”
“Two at your door and two at the stairs.”
“Well they were here!  I was awake.”
He sat down and patted the bed. “I know you think you were awake, but there’s no way Shadowmere could get in and out of here unnoticed.”
Finn and the knights with him burst into the room. “What happened?”
“It’s okay,” Alric told him.  “Kyrin had another nightmare about the Shadowmere.”
“It’s not a nightmare!  They were here.”
“In this room?” one of the knights asked.
“Yes”
The knights fanned out and again checked every inch of the room.
“What did they say?” Finn asked her as he looked around the room.
Kyrin relayed what was said, and Alric watched them.  He didn’t want to reprimand them on their behavior, but it was concerning him how protective they were of Kyrin.
“So we stay in here while you sleep,” one of the knights said.  “The Shadowmere won’t get near you.”
“That’s out of the question,” Alric told him.  “I’m here now.  Go back to sleep, and I’ll watch her.”
“What if the Shadowmere come back?  You two will be outnumbered.”
“We can call for help if the need arises.”
Finn nodded. “Two of you will stay by the door with the others in case of an emergency.”
“No,” Alric interrupted.  “You will return to your quarters.”
“Sir”
“No”
Alric watched as Finn finally nodded and they all headed out.  He told himself to let it go and to bring it up with Sithias the next day.  They stormed into his room without knocking, and then argued with him on an order, which was unacceptable and out of character.
Kyrin sighed. “I’m not crazy.”
Alric smiled at her. “I know you aren’t.  I still think you’re dreaming.”
“I was up and walking around.”
“No one was in here.”
“You do think I’m crazy!”
“No, I don’t.  Let’s get some sleep and then we have a report coming in the morning on the elves.”
“You sleep.  I’m going to watch for the Shadowmere.”
“We’ll know if they show up.”
“Fine,” she said, and then set her flail down, rolled onto her side away from Alric, and tried to get some sleep.




Chapter 5

“Trox, what have you found?” Alric asked from his throne.
Kyrin was beside him and glaring at an elf that came in with Trox.
“They are confused, to say the least,” Trox explained.  “However, Sithias made it known to them that they are now under the rule of Valhara.  It’s going to take time for them to trust us, but I think they will eventually.” 
“No retaliation from the verdict?”
“Some, but we got it under control.”
“How badly damaged is the city?”
“It’s not, actually.  The troll attacks were completely fabricated.  There is some damage to the inside of the castle because of Sithias taking the high-ranking elves.  We’ve already started repair.”
“This is too easy.”
“There’s one small problem though,” Trox said, smiling slightly.
“What might that be?” Alric asked.
“Auldian’s daughter, Princess T’Hara, is missing.”
Kyrin laughed. “Someone stole the elven Princess?”
“Why are you laughing?” Alric asked her.
“It just seems cliché.”
“Well, no one can find her,” Trox said.  “I think the people are more worried about T’Hara than Auldian.”
“Where was she last seen?”
“Going down on an ogre?” Kyrin whispered.
Alric looked over at her and had to hide a grin. “We’re now responsible for the elves.  Try to behave.”
Kyrin shrugged.
“When Lady Kyrin was brought to Minathim, T’Hara was sent away for safety.  She was last seen leaving in a carriage with twelve Minathim warriors.  They never arrived at the safe house.”
“No clue where she went?”
“The carriage has been located not far from the safe house, but no one was around.”
“Send a level four group to see if they can locate her,” Alric said.
“What’s a level four group?” Kyrin asked him.
“It’s one of our smaller groups.  It consists of two knights, a priest, and a ranger.  They go see if they can find someone who’s missing.”
“What’s a level three group?”
“Same, but with only one knight.”
“Okay, then what’s a level five?”
He smiled. “Are we going to go through all of the levels?”
“I’m just curious.”
“Level five consists of the same as level four but with an added priest, two more knights, and another ranger.”
Kyrin sat back. “What level group has six knights, a Holy Knight, a magic user, and two priests?”
Alric frowned slightly and looked over at her. “That’s an odd combination.”
“What are you suggesting?” Trox asked her.
“That we break the king out of the castle and go on a good, old-fashioned mission,” Kyrin said.
Alric smiled. “I’ve never been on a rescue mission.”
“You haven’t?”
“Of course not.  I stay in the castle.”
“It’s a waste of your abilities, if you ask me.”
“My duties are to…” 
“Your duties need to shove it,” Kyrin said matter-of-factly.  “What you need is to get blood on your hands and dirt in your hair.”
“There are procedures in place for this kind of thing.”
Trox chuckled when Kyrin nodded. “I guess you’re right.  You’d be out of your league out in the rough.”
“I would not!”
Kyrin looked at him with a twinkle in her eyes. “When’s the last time you had mud stuck to blood on your arms?”
“What’s that have to do with anything?”
“You’re a knight.  Knights have to get out!  You can’t keep fighting the Qualsax and expect to stay in top form.”
“Are we back to saying I’m inept at my weapon?”
“No, I’m saying let’s get the hell out of the castle, take Finn and his knights, drag Saith and Dewell away, and go find that pathetic princess.”
“Why do you even care?”
“I don’t, but I’m ready to do something other than sit here and visit with the Valharans day after day.”
“You just got back from the dimensions.”
“So let me see what Paragoy has to offer.”
“It’s really not done that way,” Trox told her.
Kyrin leaned forward when Alric looked at her, and she saw an excitement building. “Let’s go.  Let’s form our own group and find her.”
Alric looked over at Trox. “I’ve always wondered…”
“You and your father,” Trox said, shaking his head.
“What about him?”
“In his younger days, he often joined groups on missions.”
“He did?!”
“Yes, he said it kept him from going insane with boredom.”
“My father?” Alric was shocked.  King Ryche was the model king, and he couldn’t imagine him setting out on a mission and leaving his kingdom.
“Come on, Alric,” Kyrin said, standing slowly.  “We can head out tonight.  It’ll get Finn and those knights out of the bunk room and give them something productive to do.”
“Maybe I will”
“It’ll be fun!”
“We can’t leave for a few days though.  We have to gather supplies, food.”
“We leave with whatever we can gather in 20 minutes,” Kyrin said with a smile.  “We live off of the land and enjoy being outdoors.”
“Live off of the land?”
“Of course!”
“We’ll need horses though.”
“That’s fine.”
“Saith will never go for it.”
“Saith isn’t opposed to the idea.  It’s intriguing,” Saith said from the doorway.  Kyrin looked at him, and he smiled.
“This is highly unorthodox,” Trox told them.
“So you want to go too?” Kyrin asked him.
“No, I most certainly do not.  Besides, I need to return to the elves and continue my mission there.”
“Bringing back T’Hara would help relations,” Alric said.  “It may even be better that Kyrin and I are on the rescue mission.”
“So we’re going?” Kyrin asked.
“The twins…”
“We’ll ask Emerisa if she can watch them.”
“20 minutes?”
“Starting now!” Kyrin yelled, and then ran off.
Alric turned to talk to Saith but saw that he was already gone.
“I suggest you get ready,” Trox said to him.  He laughed when Alric took off up the stairs.
Alric sighed when he was the last to make it to the front of the castle with his pack.  Everyone was already up on a horse, watching him.
Kyrin laughed. “Leave it to the king.”
“Hey now,” he said, and then mounted his horse.
“I don’t like this,” the captain of the knights said.
“We have six knights with us.”
“You need more!  You don’t know what you’ll find.”
“We’ll be fine.  If it gets rough, we’ll push Dewell out front and run,” Kyrin said.  She then grinned when everyone looked at her.
“Gee thanks,” Dewell said, and then kicked his horse.  
The group set out to start their search at the abandoned carriage near the elves’ home.  It took four days to get there, and Kyrin seemed to be the only one enjoying the outing.  Everyone else was tired from sleeping on the ground and eating gamey meat and bitter roots from the ground.
When they rode up to the carriage, it was sitting alongside a small river but didn’t seem damaged.
“Finn, you and Kyrin go into the carriage and see what you can find.  Saith and Dewell, you take the river, and the rest of us will scour the woods,” Alric ordered.
Kyrin climbed in first, followed by Finn.  They both sat down and began looking around.  Kyrin picked up a book that was on the floor, and then glanced at it and tossed it onto the seat beside her.
“Is this blood?” Finn asked, touching a red spot on the wall.
Kyrin moved forward and looked closer. “Not sure, looks like it though.”
“Not a lot of it.”
Finn looked up and again started going over every inch of the carriage’s interior.  He broke the silence after a few minutes. “Interesting idea you had getting the king out on a mission.”
“I want to see him in action,” she explained as she tore the seat cushion away from the bench.
“And why am I here?”
“Because you needed to find something to do besides sit in that castle and think about the dimensions.”
Finn sighed. “Some of the knights aren’t taking it very well.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be.  It wasn’t your fault.”
“I guess I could have had us just sit in the cave in Windolfo Dimension and wait for Sithias.”
“No, we did what we had to, to get home.”
“So you’re okay?”
“I’m better than the rest.  We aren’t used to that kind of thing.”
“I know.”
“It’s disturbing that you are.”
“It’s how I grew up.”
“Lady Kyrin?” one of the knights asked, opening the door to the carriage.
She looked up at him.
“The king wants to show you something.”
Kyrin crawled out of the carriage and followed the knight.  Alric was waiting for them off to the side of the carriage and into the trees.  He was knelt down, looking at something.
“What’s up?” she asked, coming up to him.
“Have you seen this?”
Kyrin bent down to look at a deep footprint in the mud.  She nodded. “That’s troll.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes”
“Damnit, that’s what I was afraid of.  The carriage is surrounded by them.”
“So where’s the closest village of trolls?” she asked, standing up.
Alric looked around the trees. “No one really knows.  The foot impressions lead off to the north west though.”
“So we go north west.”
“Let’s stay here tonight.  We can start out in the morning.”
“Lady Kyrin can sleep in the carriage where it’s more comfortable,” one of the knights suggested.
“Except I’m used to the ground.  Why don’t you take it?”
“Me?  No, I can’t be in comfort while you are on the ground.”
“She actually prefers the ground,” Alric told him.
“Then so will I.”
“Just take the carriage.  It’s okay,” Kyrin said.  She hated how much attention and care the knights were giving her.  She understood how they thought she saved them in the dimensions, but she was sure they would have been less traumatized on their own.
“Set up camp then,” Alric said.  “Kyrin and I will go get food.  The rest of you secure the area and then set up the same night rotations as we’ve been using.”
They all headed off to work.
Kyrin turned to him. “What’s on the menu?”
“Let’s see if we can find something that tastes better than the mobibeast we ate last night.”
“It wasn’t too bad.”
“It was awful,” he said, and then took her hand, and they walked off.
Alric and Kyrin were just walking back with a wild pig when they heard the sound of sword fighting.  Alric dropped the meat and they both ran toward the noise.
In the clearing by the carriage, the knights were in a battle with a swarm of trolls.  Saith and Dewell had taken up position beside the carriage and were healing anyone they could get their hands on.  There were six dead trolls pushed off to the side and more swarming in.
Alric drew his long-sword and immediately dove into the fray, while Kyrin rubbed her hands together and started to chant.  She’d managed to pick off three of the trolls before one of them turned to her and snarled.
She backed up slowly when he advanced on her.
“Get their magic user!” the troll screamed, and then four of the trolls broke rank and ran at her.
Her eyes grew wide, and she spun and ran for the trees.  When she got to them, she threw her hands back, pelting the trolls with bolts of blue lightning.
The Valharans were covered in blood and exhausted when the last of the trolls fell.  Alric’s sword sliced through a troll’s throat and sent his head rolling toward the carriage.
Breathing hard, he looked around with his sword gripped tightly in his hand.  The others were scanning the area, looking for more, when Finn spoke.
“Where’d Kyrin go?” he asked, looking over at the priests.
Alric turned around quickly, still ready for a fight. “She was right behind me.”
“One of the trolls yelled about our magic user,” Dewell said, moving forward.
“Spread out and find her.”
Everyone took off into the trees, swords ready.
Kyrin stifled a scream when she tried to sit up against a tree.  It was obvious that her leg was broken, and the ground beneath it was saturated with blood.  The last of the trolls had jumped at her and slammed into her.  Both of them rolled down an embankment, and the troll had landed on her leg, breaking the bottom bones in it.
As the troll stood, Kyrin was able to slam her flail into the side of his head and cave it in.  He was still lying beside her in a bloody mass.
She heard movement off to her side and was just trying to get up the energy to cast when one of the knights came into view.  He was running down the steep embankment toward her.
“Are you okay?” he asked, falling to his knees beside her.
“My leg,” she said, and then holstered her flail.
He tore her pants away from the gash in her leg. “It’s broken.”
She nodded and cringed when the pain grew.
The knight looked up the embankment. “I can either go find a priest, or I can carry you back up to them.  There’s a better place to go up just around this edge here.”
“Carry me up there?” she asked, frowning.
He smiled and then picked her up as gently as he could.  She cried out at the movement, but his arms held her strongly, and he started back for camp.
Kyrin started to black out from pain and was only partially aware when the knight laid her down in the carriage, and Dewell began working on her leg.  When the pain became too intense, Saith put her into a trance.
Early the next morning, Kyrin woke up and sat up in the carriage.  The sun was just rising, and she looked around, not remembering where she was.  Her leg was still sore but was no longer broken.  It was tied tightly with thick bandages.  She was alone in the carriage, so she reached over and slid the door open.
“Good morning,” Finn said, smiling from beside the fire.
“Do you need help?” one of the knights asked her as he stood up and moved to the carriage.
Kyrin swung her legs out and then stood shakily while he stood beside her for support.  She walked with a limp but was soon sitting beside Finn.
She looked around and saw the others were all still asleep.
“Was anyone hurt by the trolls?” she asked, taking a plate of steaming eggs from Finn.
“You mean besides you?”
“I was the only one hurt?!”
He nodded and grinned, and then sat back with some eggs.
“I hate that,” she said, taking a bite.  “Wow, this is pretty good.”
“I’ve cooked over a fire or two in my day.”
“Surely at least one other was hurt.”
“Nothing more than scratches.”
“Damn”
“How’s the leg?”
“Stiff is all.”
“The king wants to head back to Valhara today.”
“What?  Why?”
“You’re injured.”
“I was injured,” Kyrin said, irritated.  She took another bite and looked over at Alric. “Besides, I’m not going back.”
“You’d go on alone?” the knight asked her.
“Yes”
Finn shook his head. “We’ll talk to the king when he wakes up.  He was pretty adamant that this was getting too dangerous.”
“He’s mistaken if he thinks that I’m afraid of danger.”
“I don’t believe he thinks that.”
“Well, I’m going on.”
They all looked over when the others began to wake up.  Kyrin finished her eggs and then stood up and limped into the carriage to repack her things.
Alric took a plate of eggs from Finn, and then sat down. “Are we ready to head back?”
“It’s not going to be that easy to leave.”
“Why not?”
“The Lady says she’s not going back,” the other knight told him.
Alric frowned. “Why does she even care about this princess?”
“I don’t think she does,” Finn told him.  “She’s just too strong and isn’t going to back down because of an injury.”
“I won’t leave her to the mission alone,” one of the knights said.
“We won’t leave her alone,” Alric told him.  “I just don’t think it’s worth risking our lives for this.  I have trained teams that were designed to go in and get captives.”
“They can’t do any better than we can,” Kyrin said, joining them.
“How’s the leg?”
“Fine”
“You’re limping.”
“I’m not turning back.  I’ve never let a little injury stop me from something.”
“It wasn’t a little injury,” Dewell told her.  “That was a bad break.”
“That you healed.  I’m not going back.”
“Kyrin,” Alric sighed.  
“No!  I say we finish this.”
“It’s too dangerous.  Trolls are unpredictable.”
“So am I,” she said with a smile.
“We’re going back.  End of story.”
Kyrin stood up slowly and took her bag from the carriage.  They watched as she hooked it to her horse and then climbed onto it.
“Where are you going?” Alric asked her.
“I’m going to find T’Hala.”
“T’Hara”
“Whatever”
“We’re going back.”
“You’re not my king, and I don’t follow your orders.”  Everyone could tell that Kyrin was starting to get angry.
Alric studied her, trying to figure out why she was so mad, and then it dawned on him.  He got up and walked over to the horse. “We’re not heading back because I think you’re weak.”
“We’re not turning back because I got hurt!”
“That’s not my reasoning, Kyrin,” Alric said calmly.  “We fought off only about 20 trolls.  We’re bound to find more, and we can’t take on that many.”
“You’re turning back because you think I’m too weak.”
“No, I’m not!  You’re not weak at all.”
“I’m going to get the princess.”
“I don’t think we should risk our lives for this.”
“If I didn’t get hurt yesterday, you wouldn’t even think about going back!”
“Come off the horse and let’s talk about it.”
“I’m not weak.”
“You’re far from weak,” Alric told her.  She glared slightly and then slid off of the horse and walked over to the fire with a slight limp.
When she sat down, one of the knights handed her some water, and she took a drink.
Alric sat down beside her. “Kyrin votes to keep going.  What do you all think?”
Saith shrugged. “It seems too dangerous to me.”
“Agreed,” Dewell said.
“I say we go on,” Finn said.
One at a time, the knights agreed that they wished to go along with Kyrin.  Alric wondered how deep their loyalty to her went and wondered if it was now stronger than their loyalty to even him.
“If we go on, I will expect full compliance with whatever I say,” Alric told them.  “I don’t express this often, but I am the king, and I won’t take disloyalty.”
Saith frowned slightly and looked at the others, not sure what he was referring to.
“Understood,” Finn said.
“I know you all have a deeper understanding and a closer relationship with Kyrin, but you will not place her orders over mine.”
Kyrin was surprised he said that but looked over at the knights and saw a hesitation in their answer.
“Yes, sir,” they each said finally.
“Then eat up and we head out in 20 minutes,” Alric said.  He stood and walked off, obviously irritated.
Kyrin watched him go and turned to the others. “Never, ever, put me above your king.”
“We aren’t.”
“Yes, you are!  Now stop it.  Our time out in the dimensions was nothing.  I don’t expect loyalties from it, and I don’t expect to be repaid.”
“But”
“No, that’s it!  You follow your king,” she said, and then stood up and went over to her horse.
Tempers were high when the group set off to the north, following the beaten path of trolls.  No one said anything, but everyone kept a close eye out around them.  It was an uneventful next few days and wasn’t until they’d been gone for almost a week before they saw anything.
“What’s that?” Saith asked, looking up at the horizon.
Alric frowned. “Smoke.”
“That’s a lot of smoke,” Finn said.
They all kicked their horses into a run toward the smoke.  As they neared the burnt-out village, their hearts sunk.  Bloodied elven bodies were strewn around, and all of the houses were either destroyed or were in the process of burning.
“Are these elves from Minathim?” Kyrin asked, dismounting.
“No, these outer villages don’t belong to a kingdom,” Alric told her.  He walked over to a body and then knelt down and looked at it. “This one was killed by an axe.”
“It’s a troll attack,” Finn added.  “Something’s angered them a lot.”
“My guess is the elves,” Kyrin said, looking down at the charred body of an elf.
“There’s a human village a day’s ride north of here.  We’d better go check it out,” Alric said.  “Mount up.”
“We should bury them,” Saith said.
“If we take the time to bury them, we may not be able to save the next village.”
The priest nodded and then they rode out quickly, still in silence.  Kyrin was irritated at herself for having the only injury and was watching Alric closely to make sure he didn’t show any sign that she was growing weak.
As they rode, Alric and Finn discussed how to move faster to catch up with the trolls but still get the rest they needed to be ready to fight.  They were also worried about Kyrin’s leg and how she was limping slightly.  Both were aware that Kyrin wasn’t happy about the injury, and they were afraid she was going to try to prove herself by doing something reckless.
That night’s dinner of a wild potato and pig hash was eaten in silence, and tensions were starting to run high.  The knights watched Kyrin closely, because they knew she was upset.  They were all of the mindset that they’d kill anyone who upset her, so they kept a close eye out on the others in the group.
Finn noticed this and saw it becoming more of a problem.  He was in the dimensions with them and understood their newfound respect for Kyrin but needed to have a talk with them about putting her above their king.
When they arrived at the human village the next afternoon, the troll tracks went around, and the village seemed undisturbed.
“Visitors coming!” a lookout yelled as they neared the town gates.  There was a rush of movement, and people came out to see who was arriving.
The town’s leader arrived and looked over Alric suspiciously. “Why are you here?”
“We’re following the trail of a band of trolls.  They attacked a carriage of ours and then wiped out an elven village.”
“Yeah, we seen them.”
“But they didn’t attack?”
“You move on.  We don’t want Valharans here.”
“Why not?” Alric asked.  Even though not a part of his kingdom, he’d always gotten along with the outer villages.
“I don’t want no trouble.  So get on.”
“Did the trolls talk to you?” Saith asked them.
“Maybe”
“That’s a yes or no type question,” Kyrin said, irritated.
“I don’t gotta answer you.”
“Well, we could just attack and force it out of you.”
“No,” Alric countered.  “We’re not going to attack.  We just want to know why the trolls have started to attack.”
“You should ask that Minathim friend of yours.”
“So they were angered by Minathim?”
“Last warning, move out and leave us be,” the leader said.  With that, the gates were closed and locked in front of the Valharans.
“That was odd,” Saith said.
“Let’s go and see if we can catch up with them.”
They started their horses around the town walls, following the path through the lush grasslands.  
Just as they cleared the town and headed into the prairie beyond it, a crouched form emerged and stood in their way.  The woman was extremely old and had gray hair tied into a neat bun on the top of her head.  Her skin was wrinkled and sun-worn, and her clothing was threadbare.
“Do you need something?” Alric asked as she looked up at them with graying eyes.
She glanced back at the town and then nodded.
Saith crawled off of his horse and went over to her. “What do you need?”
“No, what do you need?” she asked him with a high-pitched, cracked voice.
“I’m not sure what you mean.”
“What do you seek?”
“We’re following a band of trolls.”
“No, what do you really seek?”
Saith looked at Alric, and he shrugged.
“She’s a witch,” Kyrin said.  “You have to look deeper into what we are after.”
“What do you mean?” Saith asked her.
“You, witch… we seek answers.”
The old lady nodded and grinned toothlessly. “I can give them.”
“For what price?” Kyrin asked.
Alric watched Kyrin work with the old woman.  He’d heard of witches but hadn’t seen one and thought they were killed off with the evils.
“Come here, girl,” the woman said.
Kyrin slid off of her horse and walked over to her. “Name it.”
Alric’s eyes narrowed when the woman whispered to Kyrin, who thought about something and then nodded.
“Wait, what is her price?” Alric asked.
Kyrin smiled up at him. “Don’t worry.  I got this.”
With that, Kyrin followed the woman to a tiny hut on the outskirts of the trees.  The others followed but waited outside after Alric finally agreed, following a brief argument, to let Kyrin go in alone.  She came out again only an hour later and crawled onto her horse.
“Let’s find a camp for the night, and then we need to talk,” Kyrin told them.
Alric looked over her carefully before nodding. “Let’s get away from this town first.  They don’t seem to like us.”
“With good reason,” she said, and kicked her horse.
“What was the payment?” Finn asked, catching up to her.
“Do you honestly want to know?”
“Yes”
“Blood”
“You gave her blood?”
“Yes”
“Yours?”
Kyrin looked over at him. “I don’t carry the blood of another on me.”
“Where did she take it from?”
She pulled up the sleeve on her right arm to reveal a cut along her wrist.
“She could have killed you, cutting your wrist!” Dewell gasped.
“I’m not that stupid, so I cut myself.”
“You did what?!” Alric asked angrily.
“I got what I needed.  Blood is the most common form of payment for witches.”
“So you knew going into that what she wanted?”
“Of course I did.”
“Why did you do it then?  There’s no telling what she’s doing with it.”
“She drank it,” Kyrin said plainly.
Alric’s grip on the reins tightened. “What?”
“You heard me.”
“Why would you allow that?”
“Why not?  I got the information I wanted, she’s younger, and everyone’s happy.”
“Let me heal your wrist,” he said angrily.
“No!  Now back off and let’s find a camp.”
Alric kicked his horse, so he was directly beside her, and then quickly grabbed her wrist.  She pulled back away from him, but he healed her before she could get loose.  When he let her go, he moved ahead and kept a close eye out for a camp.
Beside a swift river, Finn stopped and turned to the king, who looked around and then nodded.  Everyone dismounted, but no one spoke.  Alric and Kyrin had been arguing a lot, and the knights were finding themselves getting more and more irritated at their king, which could be detrimental.
Saith and Dewell also felt the tension between the two and wondered if being on a mission together might be too much of a strain on them.  They understood that Kyrin saw nothing wrong with handing some blood over to a witch, but they also knew how against nature that was and how it went against everything they as Sithias followers believed in and allowed.
Once camp was set up, they all gathered around the fire.
“Okay, Kyrin, what did you find out?” Alric asked her.
“I confirmed some things and got new information.  So we already knew that the trolls have T’Hara.  She confirmed that.  She also confirmed that the trolls are heading for their main city, about three days from here.”
“How big is their main city?”  Finn took over questioning when it was obvious that Alric was too angry to continue.
“She wasn’t sure but said it was rumored to have thousands of trolls.”
“They’ve grown since we last heard,” Saith said.
Kyrin nodded. “Here’s the good part.  The trolls are out to exterminate the elves.”
“Did she know why?”
“Yes.  Somehow, the trolls found out that the elves used them in an attempt to wage a war against Valhara.  They aren’t very happy about that and decided just to do away with the elves.”
“That surprises me,” Finn said.  “I would think they wouldn’t care about a war with Valhara.”
“They do care.  The trolls are trying to keep their noses clean.”
“Why?”
“Because they are trying to keep it from Valhara that they are attempting to reincarnate Tiasis.”
This made Alric gasp. “They are?”
“Yes.  Apparently, they’ve tried for years to bring back their god.  They’ve accomplished communication with him once, and he gave them instructions on how to bring him back.”
“How?”
“Something called Kazhik’s Eve.” Kyrin looked over at them. “That part I didn’t understand.  Anyway, on this Kazhik’s Eve, they are going to sacrifice T’Hara in what they called Multicon Mountain.  With her death and with whatever it is the troll soothsayers have been doing, Tiasis can come back.”
“We have to stop this,” Saith said, almost breathlessly.
Alric nodded. “We need more for that.  We have to gather all of the force Valhara has and go against that.  I’m sure even Qualsax would join us for this.”
“What’s Kazhik’s Eve?” Kyrin asked.
Saith glanced at her. “Every 45 years, the gods of Paragoy allow dead ones to visit their families.”
Her nose wrinkled. “Do what?”
“It’s a gift to us.  It lets us once again speak with our dead.”
“So Sithias brings back ghosts?”
“No, souls.  It’s a way for us to talk to those we’ve lost, to learn things they’ve learned, and to heal wounds.”
“I’m surprised the gods would do that.  That really does scream of necromancy.”
“Necromancy brings the bodies of the dead back.  This is just a blessing.”
Kyrin thought about it. “So, Sithias and Erianah open the gates of their afterlife and allow the ghosts to roam free?”
“Souls… and basically, you are correct.”
“When is this?”
“It happens in two months’ time, on the full moon,” Alric explained.  “We wait in our homes to see which of our loved ones will come forward to speak to us.”
“Gotcha.  I’m so shifting out for that.”
“Why?”
“It’s creepy!”
“You’re an evil.  How can you be creeped out by the dead?” Dewell asked.
“I’m not staying in a dimension where a bunch of the dead are walking free.  Besides, who are you all expecting?” Kyrin asked.
Finn smiled. “My mom and dad hopefully.”
“What do you gain by that?”
“Their wisdom.  My dad was the top knight in King Ryche’s time.”
“And you’re the top knight in King Alric’s time.”
“Right.  He will enjoy knowing that, and this gives his grandchildren the opportunity to see my parents.”
“It’s creepy.”
“My mother and father, and maybe even my brother will come,” Alric told her.  “I’m actually really looking forward to introducing you to them.”
“No”
“Why not?”
Kyrin sighed. “First of all, it’s creepy…”
“… you said that already.”
“Second of all, I’m not going to stand around while past Kings of Valhara are introduced to the evil wife of the current king!”
“They will trust me,” Alric assured her.
“No”
“Well, Daemionis doesn’t want you to shift out.”
“Then I’ll wait in his temple until the dead are gone.”
“We’re getting off track,” Saith said.  “What we need to focus on is the fact that the trolls are attempting to bring back Tiasis.  We need to alert Sithias and Erianah, so they can stop it.”
“That or we stop it ourselves,” Kyrin said.  “No princess sacrifice, no Tiasis.”
“Then in 45 years let them try again?”
“Do we care what happens in 45 years?  I bet we’re all dead by then.”
“Yes, we care!”
“Okay, so let’s just get the princess back then.  Once we have her, we’ll alert the gods and let them take care of the trolls.”
“It’s not the god’s responsibility to clean this up,” Alric told her.
“You said we need more to handle it.  Once we have the princess and know that Tiasis isn’t coming back now, we can send out the forces to deal with the rest.”
“She has a good point,” Saith said.  “If we go back to Valhara and gather the people we need to stop Tiasis’ return, we could miss our window and not handle it before Kazhik’s Eve.”
Alric tapped his fingers lightly against his leg. “However, we don’t have the forces to take on the trolls to get T’Hara back either.”
“Not if we storm in there and try to obliterate them,” Finn said.  “If we simply want to get the princess back, a smaller group may be more efficient.”
“What’s so special about Multicon Mountain?” Kyrin interrupted.
“It’s a mountain outside of the black elf city of Aloria.  It’s filled with lava and is where Sithias and Erianah took Tiasis to kill him,” Alric told her.
Dewell stood up and began preparing a pot full of stew, which smelled acidic and put out a green smoke.
Kyrin broke the silence. “My vote is that we go into the troll’s city and get T’Hara back, then let the gods know about Tiasis’ eventual return.”
“I agree,” Finn said, followed by each of the knights.
Alric sighed.  He knew they would follow Kyrin into the bowels of hell if she wanted to go there.
“I hate to agree,” Saith said.  “I don’t see as though we have a choice, and this group has a strong dynamic that is fully capable of getting that elf.”
“Dewell?” Alric asked.
“My vote is to return to Valhara and gather the forces needed to deal with the trolls.”
“That’s my vote too,” Alric said.  “Now I just need to decide if we take the vote, or if I pull rank and do what I feel is right.”
“Kazhik’s Eve is in two months.  It’ll take us two weeks to get back to Valhara,” Finn said.  “That gives us very little time to rally the troops.  We’re already close to the troll’s stronghold.”
“I realize we’re close, but we’re gravely outnumbered.”
“Do we need T’Hara alive or just out of the trolls grasp?” Kyrin asked.
Alric looked over at her. “We want her alive, of course.”
“Oh, well, that’ll be harder.  It wouldn’t be difficult to just kill her from far away and be done with it.”
“Would you stop?” he asked her.  
“What?”
“Being so callous.”
“That’s not callous.  That is practical!”
“It’s getting harder and harder for me to defend you when you say things like that.  I know it’s different out here, but you really need to stop.”
Kyrin stood up, spun, and then went over to where her things were on the ground.  She laid down beside them and rolled onto her side away from them.
“You can’t change what’s natural for her,” Saith whispered.
“I don’t believe it’s in her nature though.”
Saith simply nodded and then began to dish up the stew.
Kyrin woke up when everyone but the lookout was asleep.  She stared up at the stars for a while before crawling out from under her thin blanket and walking over to the lookouts.
“Can’t sleep?” one of the knights asked her.
“Not really.  Why don’t you both go to sleep, and I’ll watch?”
“The king wants two of us.”
“Then one of you go sleep.”
“What if we’d rather stay up with you?”
“Suit yourself,” she said, sitting back against a tree.
“Are you okay?” the other knight asked her.
“Sure, why?”
“Well it seems that you and the king are arguing a lot.”
“Yeah, I noticed that too,” she said, un-holstering her flail.  She began to retie the handle.
“If the king sends us back and you decide to go on, we want to go with you.”
She shook her head. “No.  If Alric wants us to go back, you go with him.”
“What about you?”
“I do what I want.  He thinks I’m weak, and I’m not going to give in to that.”
“He doesn’t think you’re weak.  I think your strength scares him though.”
“Why’s that?”
“He loves you and doesn’t want to see you get hurt.”
“Why do you think we’re arguing so bad right now?” she asked, looking over at them.
“May we speak candidly?”
“Aren’t we already?”
“True so, my theory is that you have a harmony in Valhara.  You’ve learned how to work together, complement each other, and have joined as a team to rule the kingdom.”
“Odd, but okay.”
“Out here, it’s all new ground.  You’re used to roaming alone, fighting alone, and not following anything but your own instincts.  The king is a natural ruler, born to take charge and to have his orders followed.”
“So we just don’t mesh out here?”
“Pretty much.  I think it would get better over time.”
“We may not have the time.  We have to get that princess back,” Kyrin reminded him.
He smiled. “I know.  I still think things will smooth over.”
After a few minutes of silence, Kyrin looked at the closest knight. “Who do you have coming back for Kazhik’s Eve?”
“Hopefully my brother.  I miss him, and I want him to know I’ve made it to the knighthood.”
“And you?” she asked the other.
“No one.  I’ve been lucky, and I don’t have anyone close to me that’s died.”
“Never?”
“Never”
“Yeah, me either.”
“Wouldn’t you like to see your mother?”
“Why would I?”
He smiled and shrugged.
“I was serious.  I’ll either shift out or go to the temple to hide.”
“If I had a choice, you’d never shift again,” he told her.
“I know, but I’ve been doing it for so long it’s not a big deal.”
The following day the group set out early and kept following the troll’s trail north.  No one spoke again of turning back, and Alric seemed to take more command.  Before, everyone did what they wanted.  Now he had specific orders for each, and no one argued.
They rode the entire day without seeing anyone else, and then stopped to set up camp for the night by a large lake.  The water was black and perfectly reflected the cloudless sky.  After Alric gave orders for everyone, he went over to the water and looked out.
Kyrin watched him for a moment and then joined him. “What are you thinking about?”
He didn’t look over at her. “Us.”
“What about?”
“How different we are out here.”
She reached over and took his hand. “Yeah, I’ve noticed.”
He finally smiled. “We’re okay.”
“I know.”
“How’s your leg?”
“Better actually.”
“You still have a limp.”
“Do I?  I hadn’t noticed.”
“If I made the decision to head back to Valhara, would you go?” he asked, looking over at her.
Kyrin kissed him lightly. “Yes.”
“You wouldn’t continue on alone?”
“No”
“That surprises me.”
“I was just mad.  If you sent everyone back, I’d go with you.”
“Thank you.”
“I do have a question though.”
“Okay”
“Why weren’t the trolls wiped out with the shadow elves?”
Alric looked out over the water. “Well, they weren’t Tiasis followers back then.  They were fairly harmless and weren’t really smart enough to be considered evils.  We had no reason to wipe them out.”
She kissed him again, but he held her tightly when she tried to back away.  She fought to get her wrists out of his hands, but it renewed his kiss, and it became more passionate.
“Get a room,” Finn joked from beside them.
Alric looked over at him and shrugged.
“Dinner’s ready, unless you two would rather be alone.”
“Yes, we do.”
“No, we don’t,” Kyrin said, walking toward Finn.
“But”
“No!  We don’t even have a tent.”
The night was much more relaxed than the ones in the past.  Kyrin and Alric were on better terms, and everyone was allowed to joke around.  Finn produced a bottle of elven wine from his bag and then passed it around to each of them.
Kyrin was the first to fall asleep but was followed by the rest of them.  Two knights stayed awake for the first shift and patrolled around the camp on foot.
Just as the moon rose overhead, Kyrin heard a noise and opened her eyes.  Dark clouds now covered the sky, blocking out most of the light, and she sat up to let her eyes adjust.  The noises sounded familiar, but she couldn’t imagine where they were coming from.
When her eyes did adjust, she looked over and gasped when she saw the two lookout knights kissing two women over by the lake.  She stood slowly and walked over to them, noticing that they weren’t dressed and were doing more than kissing.  The women both had long black hair and were making odd hissing sounds.
Kyrin spun suddenly when she heard a noise behind her and saw that the rest of her party also had women with them.  Finn’s hands were running down the back of one of the women who was sitting astride him.  
Her eyes narrowed when she saw Alric kissing one of the naked women too.  The woman beside him was also hissing softly and running her hands under his shirt.
With a sudden rage, Kyrin un-holstered her flail and slammed it into the woman beside Alric.  She was too mad to be more than slightly relieved when she saw that Alric still had his clothes on.  When her flail connected, the woman’s hiss turned to a shriek, and even though her skull was caved in, she began to crawl back toward the water.
“Kyrin, no!” Alric yelled, and lunged for the woman.
Kyrin reached down and grabbed Alric’s sword, then ran at the woman while she crawled into the water.  Kyrin flew into the water and removed the woman’s head, just as she began to swim under.  Alric watched the blood flow from the woman and then looked around, confused.
“What’s going on?” he asked, seeing the naked body in the water.
Kyrin spun and walked over to where Finn was.  He was still wearing pants, but the woman had slipped his shirt off and was lightly kissing along his chest as he grinned down at her.
With one swift hit, this woman’s head was also removed and fell with a thud beside the captain.  He gasped and sat up, then pushed the body off of him. “Who is that?!”
Too mad to respond, Kyrin spun and quickly killed each of the women.  They were all easy to kill, as they didn’t fight back.  She thought it was odd that while the other women were dying, the live ones continued their exploits with the knights.  Kyrin was even more shocked to see the priests also had women.
Finn and Alric joined her in killing off the women, and both were too embarrassed to say anything to Kyrin.  When she headed to the two look-out knights, who were both deep into the throes of passion with their women, she screamed and cut off both of the women’s heads.  
By now, Kyrin was drenched in blood and the men behind her were all scurrying to get dressed, and all were confused as to what was going on.  When she turned, furious, Alric looked up at her and was speechless.
She went over to the water, knelt down, and began washing the blood from her hands.  No one said a word behind her.  They didn’t remember how the women came to be with them, and they were all highly ashamed about what they’d done and even more so been caught doing.
Alric felt an apology was necessary, so he walked over to where Kyrin was cleaning up. “Kyrin.”
“Sirens”
“What?”
“This lake has sirens.”
“I kind of figured.”
She stood up and wiped her arms off.
“I’m so sorry.”
She shrugged and walked past him, so he followed her.
“I… I don’t know what to say.”
“Go back to sleep.  I’ll watch the rest of the night.”
“Please…”
“I said go back to sleep!”
Alric nodded and then returned to his bed.  He was glad that the siren hadn’t gotten as far with him as they did with the others, but he could still feel the strange hands against his chest.
“Lay down,” Kyrin said to Finn angrily.
“I didn’t…”
“Don’t make me tell you again.”
His eyes grew wide, and he went back to bed also.
Kyrin turned to the priests. “Get your pants on and lay down.”
Without a word, both went back to sleep.  They felt worse than the others, because they had almost broken their vow of celibacy.  While not all priests took the vow of celibacy, those that did were staunch believers in holding to the vow.  
The only ones that had gone the whole way with the sirens, were the two knights who were by the lake.
They couldn’t even look at Kyrin, and one of them was still searching for his pants.
“No one moves a muscle until I say so.  Now go to sleep,” she ordered.
The one knight finally found his pants and slipped them on before lying down in bed.  Kyrin walked over to the water and put her back to the Valharans as she watched for sirens.  Sirens wouldn’t cross a woman to get to the men, but she still didn’t trust them.
Everyone woke up with the sun and saw Kyrin still sitting by the water, looking out over its glassy surface.  
Finn moved over to Alric and whispered, “How mad do you think she is?”
Alric shrugged. “I’m not sure.  She knows what a siren is.  If she knows that they hypnotize men to sleep with them, she may have forgiven me.”
“Do you want to go find out?”
“Not really.”
“Emerisa will kill me.”
“At least we didn’t…”
“I know but still.”
Alric glanced over at the priests. “I think Saith and Dewell are taking it worse.  They came very close to breaking a vow made to Sithias.”
“Wouldn’t he understand?”
“Yes, but I doubt they’d forgive themselves.”
Finn thought for a moment. “Do you think… because I kept my pants on… that Kyrin won’t tell Emerisa?”
Alric couldn’t help but smile. “I have no idea.  I guess I had better get up the nerve and go talk to her.”
Finn glanced at two of the knights. “They went all the way last night.  I’d better go talk to them.”
“At least neither is married.”
“No, but Tesow has a girlfriend.”
Alric cringed. “Oh, wow.  Well, good luck with that.”
“If she freezes you, we’ll keep you warm until you come to.”
“Gee thanks,” Alric said, and then stood up and stretched.  He glanced at the others, who were all watching him nervously.  None of them were sure how mad Kyrin was, or if she could forgive Alric for what the sirens had done.
Kyrin didn’t even look over as Alric walked over and sat down beside her.
“Good morning,” Alric said, looking out over the water.
“I guess.  Are we ready to go?”  He couldn’t pick out from her tone of voice if she was mad or not.
“I’d like to talk first.”
“About what?”
“Last night.”
“What about it?”
“The sirens, Kyrin.  I’m sorry.”
“They’re sirens.  You didn’t have a choice.  We should have checked before camping by water.”
“You’re right.  I didn’t have a choice, but still.”
Kyrin looked over at him, and he was pretty sure her eyes were darker. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
Alric glanced back at the others before turning to Kyrin. “We’re all a little embarrassed.”
“I would imagine so.”
“I… well… I don’t know what to say.”
“You tell them to get packed up and let’s head out.  If we make good time, we may get to the troll stronghold by nightfall.”
He thought about that and then nodded and stood up.  Walking back into camp, he addressed the others, “Let’s head out.  Pick yourselves up, forget what happened last night, and we can just continue on our mission.”
Finn walked up with the two knights that were on watch last night. “They’re having some issues.”
“I,” one of the knights started.
“I know.”
“But I…”
“Tesow, I know.  You didn’t have a choice.  In my opinion, there were no rules broken last night, and there’s no reason any of it should leave this camp.”
Tesow nodded and then went to pack up.
Finn watched him. “We’re lucky Kyrin woke up.”
“She doesn’t want to talk about it.”
Finn took a deep breath and walked over to where Kyrin was still sitting. “Kyrin?”
“Yeah?”  She didn’t even look up at him.  
She knew that sirens hypnotize men, and that they didn’t have a say in what was going on, but the sight of that woman putting her hands all over Alric was infuriating.  She also had the sight of the rest of the knights and priests kissing the naked women and was a little embarrassed even to look at them.
“I’d… well… I’d appreciate it if… you know…”
“Don’t tell your wife you were about to bed a siren?”
He cringed. “That… well… yes.”
“No, I won’t say anything.  Do it when you’re in control, and I will though.”
“I wouldn’t!”
“Better not.”
“Well, the rest of us want to apologize.”
“Just get ready and don’t bring it up again.”
“But your eyes are dark,” he said, watching her carefully.
“So?”
“So, you’re mad.”
She stood up and turned on him.  Even though he was over a foot taller than her, he stepped back with wide eyes.
“Of course I’m mad!  I wake up in the night to find my husband about to have his way with a woman, and the rest of his people were doing the same!”
Alric winced and went back to packing his horse.
“It wasn’t our faults,” Finn said, backing up again.
“I know it wasn’t.  If it was your faults, you would all be without certain parts of your anatomy right now.”
“Umm”
“Get your horse packed and let’s get out of here.”  With that, Kyrin walked over and threw what few items she had with her into a bag, and then go onto her horse.
When everyone was ready, they headed out in silence.  Everyone was too embarrassed to look at each other, especially the two that got the furthest.
It was hours later when anyone spoke.
“I’ve been thinking of a way to get to the princess,” Kyrin said out of the blue.
“What’s that?” Alric asked, riding up to her.
“I’m wondering if I can get myself captured by the trolls.  I’d be in the walls, and I’m sure I could find her.”
“Not if they put you in the dungeon, and she’s not there.”
“How do you propose we get inside?”
“I’ll need to see their stronghold first.  There has to be a way in.”
“My way’s faster.  I can even shift her out of there.”
“I’d rather you not.”
Nothing else was said until they saw the high walls of the troll city come into view.  They veered off of the main trail of the trolls and headed around to the side.  They only had an hour before the sun set, and they didn’t want to be caught out in the open during the night.
They unpacked along the sheer face of a cliff and then started a fire to heat up the last of the wild pig.
Alric finally felt like he had to get over the embarrassment and step up as leader. “Same rotation as last night, but I’m taking Kyrin off of it.”
“Why?” she asked, taking a plate from Dewell.
“You were up most of last night.  Tonight, you need to sleep.”
She shrugged and sat back to eat.
“In the morning, I’m breaking you up into teams of three.  You’ll be assigned a portion of that outer wall to examine.  We need to know if there are any water ways, or vents, or anything that can get us inside without being seen.”
“And if we find something?” one of them asked.
“Then we meet back here and figure out how to get in.”
“Wonder if she’s even in there,” Kyrin said, looking over toward the troll city.
“Multicon Mountain isn’t far from here.  I’m guessing they are going to keep her here until it’s time to throw her in.”
“The trolls I’ve seen aren’t that smart,” Kyrin told them.  “How much experience do you have with them?”
“Not a lot, actually.”
“Well they aren’t bright.  Everything they do is on instinct, and their instincts aren’t that good either.  Our main problem is going to be sheer numbers.”
“What do you suggest?”
“I suggest magic.  If they think we all have magic, they may just run.”
“How do we make it look like that?” Finn asked her.
“I haven’t figured that out yet.”
“There’s a chance with even one magic user, they will be afraid then.”
“The first ones weren’t,” Saith reminded them.  “He actually yelled for them to take Kyrin out.”
“Let’s just stick with the plan.  While you are all looking for a way into the city, Kyrin and I are going to try to determine how many trolls are in there,” Alric said.  He finished his dinner and then sat back.
Kyrin nodded. “Sounds good to me.  Try keeping your clothes on while I sleep.”  She smiled and then went over and laid down beside her things.
“At least she’s sort of joking about it,” Finn whispered.  
Alric smiled. “I knew she’d be okay once she got over that initial shock.”
Finn and Alric took the first watch, and they discussed more in detail about how to get the princess out of a city full of trolls.  They also talked about how to handle the trolls if they were going to try to get Tiasis resurrected.
Kyrin felt better when she woke up.  After getting a good night’s sleep and not waking up to sirens, she was ready to tackle the trolls.  
Saith and Dewell were the two on look-out during the early-morning hours, and they had already started breakfast.  Kyrin joined them and leaned back with some cold water.
She smiled when she saw they were still too ashamed to look at her. “This is going to be a long mission if you two can’t even face me.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Saith said, stirring something in the pot.
“They were sirens, so you couldn’t help it.”
Saith simply cleared his throat and glanced nervously at Dewell.
“Just saying… I don’t think any less of you, and I’m guessing Sithias isn’t going to care either.”
“Here, eat,” Dewell said, handing Kyrin a bowl of brown mush.
“Fine, I’ll drop it,” she told him, and started to eat.  By the time she was done, the rest of them were awake and starting to get ready for the day.
When everyone was ready, Alric divided them up into three teams of three, and they headed out to their assigned spots, leaving just Alric and Kyrin in camp.
“So how are we going to get numbers?” Kyrin asked, looking over at the city.
“Somehow, we have to get up onto the ledge of the wall.  I was watching it last night and there aren’t any patrols.”
“Last night?”
“I couldn’t sleep, so I went to the wall for a bit.”
She frowned. “Alone?”
He smiled at her. “Believe it or not, I’m able to do some things on my own.”
“That’s not what I meant.”
“Well, I’ve agreed not to treat you like you’re weak, but you have to extend me the same courtesy.”
“I don’t think you’re weak.”
“Are you sure about that?” he asked, walking closer to her.
“Yes, I am.  If I thought you were weak, I wouldn’t be with you.”
He kissed her softly and then smiled. “So let’s get going.”
Kyrin started down an embankment, heading for the troll city. “How are we going to get onto the walls?”
“You’re going to cast a flying spell, and I’ll fly up there.”
Kyrin froze and looked at Alric. “Do what?”
“I’m just kidding.  I think we can climb it.”
She shook her head and then followed Alric as they made their way through the trees toward the high wall.  He took her hand when she caught up, and they walked for a ways in silence.
“This is kind of fun,” Kyrin said as they approached the wall.
“Us risking our lives together?”
“Sure”
“Or the fact that if we both die, we leave our toddlers in charge of the kingdom?”
“We’re not going to die.”
“We’re outnumbered here.”
“Fine, then you might die, but I’ll be okay.  I think Valhara would be fun to rule alone.”
Alric chuckled and looked over at her. “I can only imagine.”
They looked up the stone walls, and Kyrin saw what Alric had the night before.  The stones making the wall weren’t set flat against each other, and it wasn’t going to be hard to get to the top.
Alric started up, followed shortly by Kyrin.  It wasn’t as easy as it first looked but both finally made it to the top.  The walls were made for patrols and had a walkway, but there were signs that no one had been up there in years.
They ducked down behind a turret and looked out over the city.  The huts were rudimentary at best, and most were falling apart.  Some huts were lying in rubble amid rotten food and waste.  The trolls didn’t seem to have a purpose and were just lazily walking around eating.  A fight had broken out toward the center of the town, but other than the eleven trolls fighting, no others seemed to care.
“Okay, so this isn’t as bad as I was thinking,” Alric whispered.  “They don’t seem to be prepared for an attack at all.”
“Prepared or not, there’s a lot of them.”
Alric nodded and started to get a general head count. “So, about 800.”
Kyrin looked over at him. “How did you get that?”
“There are basically 23 rows of huts.  Each row has around 12 huts, but some of them aren’t inhabitable.  So watching, I’ve seen that the huts average three trolls living in each one.”
Kyrin thought about that. “You figured 800 out of that?”
“Sure”
She scanned the city again.
“Do you not know any math?” Alric asked her.
Kyrin’s jaw tensed, but she didn’t answer.
“Kyrin?  Can you do any math at all?”
“Does it matter?” she asked, annoyed.
“No, but I can teach you.”
“It’s useless to know.”
“I wouldn’t call it useless.”
“Damnit,” Kyrin snapped, and pointed off to the front gates.
Alric followed her gaze and sighed when he saw Saith and two knights being led into the troll city by 12 armed trolls.  They were shackled together but didn’t seem injured.
“That complicates things,” Alric whispered.  “Now, not only are we down three men, but we have to rescue four instead of just one.”
“Stop showing off,” Kyrin said, and then started down the wall.
“I wasn’t showing off,” Alric told her, following her down.
When their feet hit the ground, Kyrin started walking back toward camp.
“Don’t be mad,” Alric said, catching up to her.  “I wasn’t showing off math skills again.  I swear.”
She didn’t answer.
“I don’t care that you don’t know math.”
“I’m not stupid.”
“I never said that you are.”
“Just because I can’t read or do math doesn’t mean I’m not smart though.”
Alric stopped her with a hand to her arm. “I don’t think that!  I was raised in an environment where I attended school when I was young.  I realize you didn’t have that opportunity.  I simply offered to teach you, in case you want to know.”
She shrugged and then took his hand and walked toward camp. “Sometimes I just feel like the idiot of Valhara.”
“No one thinks that.  We may have book knowledge, but you have a real-world experience that we can’t match.”
“We have a problem,” Finn said, running up to them.
“You mean besides Saith’s team being captured?” Alric asked.
Finn sighed. “Okay, so we have a bigger problem.”
“What’s that?”
“Dewell’s team was captured too.”
“We lost six?!”
“Seems so.  My team saw them being hauled away by trolls.”
“There are over 800 trolls in that city,” Alric told him.
Finn shrugged and smiled weakly. “So we each only have to take out 160 trolls, and we’ll be fine.”
Kyrin growled slightly and left the two of them alone.
Finn watched her. “Why did I get growled at?”
“Math is a touchy subject apparently,” Alric told him.
“Oh, well, sorry then.”
“It’s okay.  Let’s go meet with the five of us and figure out what we’re going to do.”
Finn nodded and followed him into camp, where Kyrin was sitting with the other two knights.
Alric sat down. “There are only five of us and over 800 trolls.  Now they have not only T’Hara but six Valharans.  What options do we have?”
“We may need to go back to Valhara and get backup,” one of the knights said.  
Kyrin shook her head. “If we don’t get them out, they’ll be killed.  We don’t have time to get reinforcements.”
“Do you really think so?” Alric asked her.
“No, I know so.”
“We did find a way in,” Finn told them.  “There’s a sewer pipe that runs out along the north wall.”
Kyrin’s nose wrinkled. “Troll sewage?”
“Unpleasant, I know.  I’m thinking they assumed no one would ever dare wade through it to get into the city.”
“I’m thinking they were right.”
“The sewage is the only way we saw into the walls except through the front gates.  If it’s like most sewage, it’ll take us under the city, and we can simply pick where we want to emerge.”
“The Valharans will be in the dungeons,” Alric said.  “T’Hara may be also, but there’s no way to be sure.”
“There’s not enough water in this dimension to force me to wade through troll feces!” Kyrin yelled.
“We can’t leave them in there.  We also can’t get in through the gates.”
“Yes, we can.  We get ourselves captured and then I use magic to get us out.”
“Unless they restrain your hands.”
“They aren’t that smart.”
Alric turned to Finn. “Let’s do it then.  We go in through the sewers and try to find the dungeons.  If we can get our guys out, then we can try to find T’Hara.”
“I’m not so sure this rescue is worth wading through knee-deep troll excrement!”
“Chest deep I’d imagine,” Finn said, and then smiled.
“Do you know what kind of diseases we can pick up from that?”
“Good thing we’re rescuing priests then,” Alric told her.  He also just smiled when she looked at him.
“You’re going along with this?” she asked the knights.
“We have men in there,” the closest one said.
“Then I’ll just wait out here and cover camp.”
“We can’t leave you alone out here either.”
“Let’s get this over with,” Alric said, standing up.  “No one’s looking forward to the sewer, so it’s best just to do it.”
“You owe me for this.  I can’t even cast in there!  The gas would explode and send us all to hades.”
“Only you’re going there, my dear,” Finn said, helping her stand.  
She huffed and then followed the rest of them.  It took almost an hour to get to the drainage pipe, but the smell hit them long before they arrived.  By the time they could see the thick brown sludge coming out of it, they were all gagging and covering their noses as best they could.
“Finn’s tallest, so he’ll lead,” Alric said through his cupped hand.  He was trying hard not to throw up.
“Bottoms up!” Finn said, and stepped into the slime.  He sunk up to just above his waist and immediately started into the tube with his sword held high above his head.
Two knights followed him, and then Alric turned to Kyrin. “Your turn.”
“There’s not enough gold in Paragoy,” she grumbled, and then headed in after them.  Because of her height, it came to her chest, and she had her hands raised far above her head to keep them and her flail out of it.
Alric was behind her and then another knight behind him.  Kyrin had to admit that she was getting used to the smell, but the feel of troll sludge squishing down her back kept making her gag.
Finn didn’t seem to mind and was focused on getting into the dungeon.  He stopped at each inlet to ascertain where it was.  When it wasn’t the dungeon, he moved on.  Alric was laughing behind Kyrin because she kept complaining and because she was more covered than the rest of them.
When Finn stopped next, it was at an inlet that went straight up from the top of the tube.  He hoisted himself up by grabbing the grate above him, and then looked around.  When he dropped back down, he turned to Alric.
“I think T’Hara is in there,” he whispered.
Alric looked up at the grate. “You’re sure?”
He nodded. “There’s a crying elf woman.  My guess is it’s T’Hara.”
“So let’s get her!” Kyrin said when they started on again.
“We can’t drag her down here with us right now,” Alric explained.
“So the princess can’t get dirty?”
“No, she can’t fight.  She’s better off where she is right now.”
One of the knights finally had enough and ended up throwing up into the brown muck.  They all tried not to get into it and continued on their way.  Kyrin briefly wondered how long it was going to take to get the chunks out of her hair.
When screams started, they knew they were entering the deeper part of the city where the dungeons were.  The screams weren’t in their language though, so they hoped their people weren’t getting tortured yet.
“Sounds painful,” Finn said when a loud scream sounded.
“He’s being burned,” Kyrin said, gagging slightly when a particularly solid chunk slid down the back of her boot.
“How do you know?”
“I speak troll.”
“That’s just weird.”
“No, it’s not.  I picked up a lot of languages.”
“What’s that new smell?” one of the knights asked as his nose wrinkled.
“Burning flesh,” Kyrin said.  “I’m not sure which is worse, the burning flesh or troll goo.”
“Shhh,” Finn said, and held up a hand.  He looked around the corner and studied the room.
Alric moved forward and bent around Finn to look.
“What is it?” one of the knights whispered.
“Dungeon,” Finn whispered back.  “I just want to wait until the trolls leave so we can see better.”
“They’ll smell us coming,” Kyrin said, trying to see around them too.
“In,” Finn said suddenly, and pulled the grate off of the pipe.  They all pulled themselves up into the room and looked around.  The stench of burning flesh and hair was stronger, and a dead troll lay off to the side of the room.
They listened closely but heard nothing coming from the adjacent rooms or hallways except for the footsteps of the trolls which had just left the room.  When they heard the door slam at the far end of the dungeon, they knew it was safe for a few minutes.
“Who’s down here?” Finn whispered toward the hallway.
“Captain?!” one of the captured knights said.  “They got you too?”
“No, they didn’t.  We’re staging a rescue.”
“What’s that smell?”
“It’s us,” Finn said, laughing.  “Is anyone hurt?”
“No”
“Are you all together?”
“Yes”
“Stay there.  We’ll see if we can get to you through the sewers.”
“There’s not a vent in here.  The closest one is in the torture room.”
“That’s where we are.  Stick your hand out of the window on your door, so I can see where you are.”
Finn watched as a hand appeared from a doorway down the hallway from them.
“Okay, let me think how we can get you out of there.”
Alric looked over at one of the knights with him. “You’re the fastest.  Go see if you can figure out how to get that door open.  If trolls come, stay there and buy us time to get away.”
He nodded and then quietly opened the door and stepped out.  The only sound he made was the sound of guck gurgling in his boots as he walked.
When he reached the door, he touched a heavy lock that held the bars on the door shut.  He looked around quickly for a key but didn’t see one.
After returning to the others, he reported his findings.
“Who has the key?” Alric asked the captured Valharans.
“The trolls carry them on their belts.”
“All of them?”
“Not sure if all of them do or if they pass them around.  We’re set for extermination tonight, by the way.”
“We’ll have you out before then.”
“I can try to blast through that door,” Kyrin whispered, eyeing the lock.
“Is that loud?” Finn asked her.
“Yes, very.”
“So you already have a spell for that though?”
“No”
“How do you know you can get one?”
“That’s why I said ‘try’ to blast through the door.”
Finn looked over at Alric. “We could let her do it and then hope we can fight off any trolls that come.”
“Kyrin could freeze them too,” Alric added.  “However, if we make ourselves known, it’ll be harder to get to T’Hara.”
“True”
“Can’t you just melt the doorway like you did in the cave?” Finn asked her.
Kyrin shrugged. “I can try, but when I thought of that I was at rock, not wood.”
“Go see.”
She opened the door and moved quickly to the others.  With a single word, she put her hands together and touched the door, but nothing happened.  After trying again, she returned. “Nothing.”
“What if we have our men call for help,” Alric said to them.  “When the trolls appear, Kyrin can freeze them, and we can steal the key.”
“It’d be a quiet kill,” Finn said.  “That’s a good idea.”
“Easy enough, if I can freeze trolls,” Kyrin said.
Alric looked at her. “If?”
“I’ve never tried.”
“Doesn’t it freeze anything?”
“So far, but I’ve never tried a troll.”
“Sounds risky then,” Finn said.
“So you all wait in the sewer while I try it.  If it doesn’t freeze them, then I’m the only one that’ll get caught.”
“I don’t like that idea,” Alric told her.
“I’d rather be in troll custody than back in their sewer.”
“What about that swirly red spell that you killed the minotaurs with?” Finn said.  “That’d take out a lot of trolls at once.”
“I don’t remember that one.”
“How can you not remember it?”
She shrugged. “I just don’t.”
“Back in the sewer,” Alric said.  “Kyrin, do what you can.”
She nodded and waited for them to disappear from sight.  When they were gone, she called out for the others. “Call for help from the trolls.”
“Hey!” Saith shouted.  “We need some help in here!”
They waited a few seconds but didn’t hear anything.
“Trolls!” one of the knights yelled louder.  “Get in here you no-good ugly beasts!”
Still, nothing sounded.
“Fine,” Kyrin sighed.  “I got this.”
“Got what?” Saith asked.
“Hakanon!” Kyrin yelled.  “Frahiri en’Postu.”
The door at the end of the hallway burst open and two trolls came in. “How dare you call us that!”
“Ozehshiesh,” Kyrin whispered, and put her hands together.  The trolls froze as they began to unlock the door to the Valharans.
She ran forward and slit the throats of each of the trolls by using the dagger from the closest.  They sunk down, lifeless, as she began to unlock the door.  
“Come on,” she whispered, and held the door for all of them to come out.  They ran into the room with the sewer and jumped in without a second thought.  
Kyrin hesitated as she looked down into the muck.
“Get in,” Finn said, putting a hand out.
She sighed and then got in, sinking again up to her chest in troll feces.  
“The princess was back this way,” Alric said, heading toward where they had come.
Finn secured the grate over the opening again and then followed the rest of them.
“No one’s hurt?” Saith asked, looking over those who rescued them.
“Nope,” Kyrin replied.
“Quite the smell you’ve found,” Dewell said, covering his nose.
“I blame the king,” Kyrin told him, and walked past him to catch up with the others.  She still had her flail high above her head and felt like the sewage may be deeper than last time.
When they arrived at the princess’s grate, Finn grabbed the grate above his head and pulled himself up again.
“Any trolls?” Alric asked him.
“Three”
“Is the princess still there?”
“Yes, still crying.”
Finn dropped back into the muck and looked over at Kyrin. “Can you freeze just the trolls?”
“No”
“So you’d get the princess too?”
“Yes, but does that matter?”
“Let’s try not to traumatize her,” Alric said.  “If there are only three trolls, we should just take them out.”
“If they yell for help we could be drastically outnumbered.”
“Let me see,” Kyrin said, and pulled herself up to the grate.  The room was bare except for a stone bed and a single door.  The windows were barred, and trolls were seated by the door and window.  The princess was indeed crying and was sitting on the bed with her head buried in her hands.
“Any ideas?” Alric asked when she returned to the slime.
“No, except they have drinks in there.  If I can get some poison into them, I can wipe them out quietly.”
“You carry those?” Saith asked.
Kyrin smiled. “Maybe.”
“Well two of the trolls are asleep,” Finn said, again at the grate.  “If we can get the princess’s attention, we can get her to put the poison into their drinks.”
“I would imagine our voices are more likely to wake them up than a soft, female voice,” Alric said.  “Kyrin, see if you can get T’Hara’s attention.”
She nodded and then replaced Finn at the gate.  She was having a harder time holding herself up to the grate, so Alric got under her, and she sat on his shoulders, laughing.
“Shhh, stop laughing,” Finn chuckled.
Kyrin checked again around the room and then picked a single vial out of her pocket.  She turned in the princess’s direction and made a soft hissing sound.  The trolls didn’t move from their position, but neither did the princess.
“Elf,” Kyrin whispered as softly as she could.
When the princess kept sobbing, Kyrin tried a little louder, but again, she didn’t move.
Three more attempts were also unsuccessful, before Kyrin finally just said, “Princess, stop blubbering and get over here.”
“Smooth,” Alric said, laughing.
“Did you wake the trolls up?” Finn asked.
Kyrin watched the princess jerk and look over at the floor grate with wide eyes.  She saw Kyrin and almost screamed but caught herself and glanced at the sleeping trolls.  By now, all three had fallen asleep and were snoring loudly.
T’Hara moved to the grate and knelt down. “Who are you?”
Kyrin held the vial through the grate. “We’re here to get you out.  You need to get two drops of this into each of their drinks.  Any more than two drops and you risk them catching fire, so be careful.”
T’Hara looked down at the vials. “Is this poison?”
“Yes”
“I can’t poison them!  That’s evil!”
“Fine, then we’ll just leave you here,” Kyrin said, and started down off of Alric’s shoulders.
“Wait,” T’Hara whispered, “you can’t leave me here!”
“I can and I will unless you put that into their drinks.”
“Just do it, please,” Alric said to her.  She looked past Kyrin and saw the other Valharans before nodding.
Kyrin watched as T’Hara timidly walked up to the trolls and carefully put the poison into their drinks.  She then dumped the poison out the window and sat down on the bed to watch them.
“Hey!  Why’d you dump that?” Kyrin asked, irritated.
“Were you serious that they’d catch fire with more than two drops?” Dewell asked her.
She nodded. “Of course I was.  She’s going to owe me for that poison.”
“We’ll pay you back,” Alric said, having fun.  “What was the main ingredient?”
“You don’t want to know.”
“Oh, I do.”
She grinned. “Holy water.”
“Wait, from where?” he asked, looking up at her.
“I only took a little.”
“You took water from the Fountain of Sithias to use in a poison?!”
“Shhh,” she whispered, “they’re waking up.”
“I’m not done with this conversation.”
She just nodded and watched the trolls wake up.  T’Hara was acting too nervous, and one of the trolls looked up at her.
“Why you so shaky?” he asked her, frowning.
T’Hara apparently couldn’t act. “I… well… it’s… what?”
“You seem nervous.”
Kyrin just rolled her eyes when T’Hara started to cry again.  Alric was getting tired from having Kyrin on his shoulders, and her butt was numb from sitting there, but they waited for the trolls to take a drink.  What seemed to be an eternity later, they finally began to wake up enough to talk among themselves.
She was able to hear their plans for the night, which included gutting a newly killed basilisk and putting his insides into a stew.  They didn’t say anything important, but Kyrin saw that they’d each picked up their cups at least.  Finally, they each took a drink and then sat back to watch T’Hara cry.
When they slumped to the ground, Kyrin hit the grate and knocked it off of its frame.  She then climbed up into the princess’s room. “Let’s go.”
T’Hara looked over at the trolls. “I killed something.”
“No, I killed them.  Now let’s go, down the hole.”
The royal elf looked over at the caked brown feces on Kyrin. “Why do you smell?”
“Stop with the questions and get down there before the trolls come in.”
T’Hara watched as Kyrin went through the pockets of the trolls and took a few items to slip into her pockets. “What are you doing?”
“Why are you still up here?  Get down there, now.”
T’Hara walked over to the grate and looked down at the men standing waist-deep in the slow moving guck. “Down there?”
“Drop down,” Finn said, reaching up for her, “and I’ll catch you.”
“In that stuff?”
“Would you rather stay with the trolls?”
T’Hara looked over just as Kyrin popped an eye out of one of the dead trolls.  Her eyes were wide as she looked down at the men. “She’s taking body parts from the trolls!”
Alric smiled crookedly. “That doesn’t entirely surprise me.  Now come down here so we can get out of here.”
“I don’t like that smell.”
“Neither do we.”
Kyrin finally joined the princess at the grate, and she sat with her legs dangling, ready to jump down. “Go first.”
“I can’t.  That’s disgusting,” the Princess said, wrinkling her nose.
“Get down there now!” Kyrin whispered harshly.  She couldn’t imagine being too proper that you’d avoid getting dirty and choose to stay with trolls.
“I can’t trust you,” T’Hara said to her.  “You’re an evil.”
“I’m not an evil,” Kyrin said with a grin, and then pushed the princess through the hole.  
Because they weren’t expecting it, no one caught her and the princess fully submerged into the sewage before surfacing and screaming.  She had chunks of the sewer covering her entire body, and her tears were pushing muck down her cheeks.
“Kyrin!” Alric said, shocked.
She laughed. “Okay, so that might have been just a tad evil.”
With that, she lowered herself through the hole and then joined them in the sewage.
“I can’t believe you did that,” Saith whispered, almost scolding her.
Alric was gently wiping the sludge from the princess’s face as Kyrin watched, trying not to laugh.
“It’s okay,” Saith said, trying to comfort the now hysterical princess.  “We’ll get you cleaned up, as soon as we get back to camp.”
Finn was the only other one enjoying the scene, and he started toward the entrance to the sewage drain, followed by Kyrin.  She was very anxious to get the muck out of her boots and to get rid of the stench.
Alric finally calmed T’Hara down enough to follow Kyrin and Finn, and they were soon at the exit.
Finn put his hand up and peeked out around the edge of the tube, then drew back quickly and put his finger to his lips.  Everyone fell silent, and they could hear the distant sound of shouting and fast footfalls.
Finn gave the signal to move back, and everyone pressed against the sides of the sewage pipe just as a mass of trolls ran by, shouting about the missing princess.
“Whiny, pansy assed elves,” Kyrin snapped at the crying princess.  “Get a grip!”
“Stop it,” Alric said to her.  “You’re not helping.”
Kyrin shrugged and said something in elvish that made the princess sob harder.
Alric just looked at her.
She smiled. “Sorry, I’m done.”
“I suggest we run, one at a time,” Alric said to them.  “It’ll be easier to get past the trolls singly, and if we’re caught it won’t be the whole group.  T’Hara will need to go with someone though.”
“I’ll take her,” Finn said.  “I suggest we all run separate ways too, so we don’t lead them back to camp if we’re being followed.”
Alric looked over at Kyrin. “I don’t suppose you can make us invisible or faster?”
“Nope”
“Just checking.  So Kyrin, you go first.  You have a better chance of getting away because of your boots.”
“If they work with troll crud on them.”
“Head north and then back around to camp.”
She nodded and then listened as Alric gave the order everyone was going to run.
Kyrin waited beside the opening and watched carefully for the next batch of trolls to pass.  When they were out of earshot, she took off for the trees.  Her boots kicked in and she flew toward camp, never looking back.  She knew she could take on a few trolls but wasn’t sure if she wanted to find out there were thousands behind her.
When she reached the camp, she turned, out of breath, and looked behind her.  Nothing moved, and she didn’t hear any thunderous footfalls moving closer.  She checked on the horses and then decided to wait up in a tree for the others.  That way, if they brought trolls, she wouldn’t be seen.
Saith was the next in camp.  He was covered in sweat and breathing hard.  He leaned over against the tree Kyrin was in and tried to catch his breath.
“Out of shape?” Kyrin asked.
He jumped at the sound of her voice and then looked up.  Kyrin saw he was bright red.
“You okay?”
He nodded, unable to speak, and then sat down against the tree.
She smiled, wondering how long it’d been since Saith had left the confines of Valhara and been out on a mission.  Next in camp was Dewell, and he looked almost as bad as Saith.  He was a few years younger than Saith though, so he had a small advantage.
Saith had regained his breath and stood up to help Dewell to the tree to rest. “Just take deep breaths.  I’ll get you some water.”
Dewell nodded and shut his eyes to try to calm his racing heart.
“You really should get out more,” Kyrin told him.
He looked up at her and then took the water from Saith.  Knights began to arrive in camp one at a time.  They were evenly spaced, and so far, no one had trolls following them.  The knights were in much better shape than the priests but were still winded from the fast run.
When Dewell had recuperated, he began making a fast dinner while Saith and the knights headed off to get cleaned up in the river.  Kyrin had tried to go with them, but Saith reminded her that they would have to remove their shirts, and it wasn’t proper.
She was irritated that because of their idea of inappropriate behavior, she had to sit in clothes that were stiff with troll sewage.
Finn, Alric, and the princess all arrived at the same time.  It was obvious that Finn was irritated with the princess, but Alric was patiently helping her along.  She was holding her sticky hands out in front of her and mumbling about troll waste.
Alric got in camp and looked around. “Did Kyrin make it back?”
“Of course I did,” she said, hopping out of the tree.  “I wanted to go get cleaned off, but apparently, I can’t see men without shirts on.”
Alric glanced at Finn. “Watch T’Hara then.  I’ll go get cleaned off too.”
“I’ll go with you,” Kyrin said, following him.
Alric shook his head. “Nope, the knights are down there bathing.”
“Alric!  My skin is starting to burn!  I need to get cleaned off.”
“When we’re done you can.”
“Why don’t you watch T’Hara so Dewell and I can go too?” Finn asked her.
She plopped down next to the fire and shrugged.  T’Hara stood beside her and looked nervously around camp when all of the men left.  
“Stop fidgeting,” Kyrin said when the princess began to pull at her clothes.
“I can’t help it!  I’m disgusting.”
“Well, you can’t help being an elf.”
T’Hara gasped. “I didn’t mean that!  I meant that I’m covered in excrement.”
“So am I, and you don’t hear me complaining.  As soon as they get back, we’ll get cleaned up.”
“I’ll go by myself,” T’Hara said stiffly.  “I don’t want to be alone with you.”
Kyrin looked up at her. “What do you call right now?”
“I had to!  They left without me.”
“You’d go bathe with a bunch of half-naked men?”
“Well, no.”
“So sit down and shut up until they get back.”
T’Hara sat down angrily. “You forced me to do evil.”
“What?!  I did not.”
“You made me use a poison.”
“Poisons aren’t evil.”
“Yes, they are, and I fully plan on letting Sithias know.”
Kyrin rolled her eyes. “You do that.”
“I also want to finish what my noble father started and get you removed from this world,” T’Hara said plainly.  “It’s a travesty to have you here, and it shows the low moral fiber of the Valharans.”
Kyrin stood up and glared down at her. “Watch it, elf.  I don’t know what the Valharans think about keeping you alive, but I don’t care, one way or the other.”
T’Hara stood up and faced her. “They want me alive because the Valharans are generally good people!  You’ve tricked them somehow, and it’s my duty to show the world how evil you really are.”
“You’re treading on thin ice, Princess,” Kyrin said, stepping closer to her.  “I won’t take any more grief from the elves of this dimension, and you better watch it, or you’ll find yourself tossed out into a new dimension where no one cares if you’re a princess.”
“You wouldn’t!”
“Want to bet?” Kyrin said, now just inches from the princess.  
T’Hara took a step back, and her eyes grew wide. “I was friends with Genessa.  Did you know that?  I heard it was your fault that Alric banished her.”
“It was her fault because she couldn’t keep her legs together.”
T’Hara reached out and slapped Kyrin. “That’s a lie!”
Kyrin grabbed her roughly and slammed her up against a tree, knocking the wind out of her. “Don’t push me, elf!”
“Get your hands off of me,” the elf said, weakly.
Kyrin slammed her against the tree again. “I won’t put up with any of this from a nothing elf like you!  Your people put me through a trial and endangered the lives of seven Valharans.  I would love nothing more than to be done with you.”
“You’re hurting me.”
Kyrin squeezed her arms tighter, cutting off the circulation to her scrawny arms.  Even though the elf stood almost five inches taller than Kyrin, she was now terrified and trying to get away. “You need hurt, badly.  If you’re so bent on killing me off, I suggest you get to it before the others get back.”
“You have no right to talk to me like this!  I’m a princess and a follower of Sithias.  You’re nothing!  You’re a homeless scrounge rat who is taking advantage of the Valharan’s goodness and forcing your evil influence on those around you.”
Kyrin’s eyes darkened. “Last warning.”
“It must be sad to have no one who cares about you except under false pretenses.  I pity you.”
With that, Kyrin backhanded her to the ground and then stood above her. “I’ve had it with you!”
“Back off, evil being.”
Seeing a shimmer to her left, Kyrin grabbed the portal key off of the ground and then grabbed T’Hara by her arm.  
“What are you doing?!” the elf yelled as Kyrin dragged her toward the west.  “I’m not going to fall for your evil act!  I know your life wasn’t as bad as you say and that everything you’ve told Azimeth about the dimensions is a lie!  I bet it’s luxurious and full of love and good.”
Pushing hard, Kyrin sent T’Hara through the portal.  Out of nowhere, Alric dove for the princess and caught her hand just as the rest of her disappeared through the portal.  He jerked back and she fell into Paragoy, landing hard on the ground.
“What was that?!” Finn yelled, looking at Kyrin.  “Were you honestly going to send her out there?”
“Yes, I was,” Kyrin said, snarling slightly at the elf.
“I thought the portals were blocked.”
“Only the way into our dimension is blocked,” Alric told him. “Sithias leaves the portals out intact, in case there’s an emergency.”
T’Hara stood up shakily and pointed at Kyrin. “She’s a fake!!  You have to believe me.  She’s told you lies about the dimensions!  She makes them out to be evil, but they aren’t.  I see through her stories and all she’s doing is proving again that she’s an evil.”
“What do you mean she lies about the dimensions?” Finn asked her as he grabbed a hold of Kyrin’s left hand.  Saith reached out and took her right hand to keep her from casting on the elf.
T’Hara smoothed down her destroyed dress. “That it’s full of evil and chaos.  I figure she’s after pity, lying about how she slept on the floor as a child and rarely had food.”
“That wasn’t a lie,” one of the knights said angrily.  “We’ve seen it, and what she told us isn’t even half of the maliciousness we saw.”
“She tricked you!  Just like she tricked your king, so she could have him herself.  My poor friend Genessa was a good woman who was banished all because of the lies of this evil!”
“Calm down,” Dewell said, stepping between them with his hands up.  “T’Hara, you don’t know what you’re talking about, and I recommend that you stand down and stop insulting the Lady of Valhara.”
“Lady of Valhara?!” she screamed.  “She’s no Lady!  She’s a vile, conniving, manipulative being who has you all under some evil spell.”
“Sit down!” Alric snapped at her.  “I don’t want another word out of you.  That woman is your noble now, so I suggest you watch it.” 
“She’s not my noble!  She isn’t over Minathim.”
Kyrin smiled evilly. “Wanna bet?”
T’Hara looked up at Alric nervously. “What does she mean?”
“Sithias has done away with Minathim, and the elves are now under the rule of Valhara.”
“No!  He wouldn’t do that!  He won’t take the kingdom away from my father.”
“He did and he had every right to do so.  I’m telling you again… sit down and be quiet,” Alric snapped.  He then took Kyrin’s arm and started to walk her toward the river.  He saw how dark her eyes were and wouldn’t put it past Kyrin to somehow get away from the rest of them and kill T’Hara.
When they got out away from the rest, Kyrin calmed some and walked with him in silence toward the water.  At the edge, she slipped off her clothes and sunk into the cold water.
Alric watched her to make sure she stayed calm.  He was angry at T’Hara but knew Kyrin’s anger could be detrimental.  When he first arrived back at camp and saw Kyrin push T’Hara through the portal, he was ready to chastise her for it.  Then when T’Hara spoke, he saw that it was more than likely warranted.
Kyrin leaned back in the water and let it start rinsing the muck off of her skin.  When she finally got her hair out of its braid, the water turned brown again and her hair began to swirl around her.  
Once most of the chunks were gone, Kyrin grabbed a handful of dirt from the bottom of the river and began to scrub her skin with it while Alric watched.  She kind of felt like he was watching to make sure she didn’t go kill T’Hara, but she figured she’d take that up with him when she didn’t smell like trolls.
As Alric watched her, her eyes began to turn to warm brown again, and he was finally able to sit back and relax some.
It was a long time later when Kyrin got out of the water.  She had to make sure every inch of her was scrubbed and feces free before she would risk it.  
Alric smiled when she stepped out of the water and covered herself as best she could with her arms. “I was too mad and didn’t grab clothes.”
He slipped off his shirt and handed it to her. “Sorry, I didn’t think about that either.”
She pulled it on and then buttoned it. “So how much trouble am I in?”
“You mean for trying to toss an elven princess out into the dimensions?”
“Yes”
“You aren’t.  We just need to watch you two when you’re together.  T’Hara was out of line.”
“So let’s toss her out and be done with her.”
“I can’t do that,” he chuckled.  Alric stood back and looked over Kyrin as she ran her fingers through her hair.  Before she could protest, he had her pinned up against a tree and kissed her softly.
She finally broke the kiss. “If that’s what I get, I’ll toss all of the elves out of Paragoy.”
He smiled. “I didn’t kiss you because you tried to exile T’Hara.”
“Then why did you?” she asked, taking his hand.
They started back for camp. “You’re my wife.  I’m allowed.”
“Well I don’t like her.  So if you want to keep her around, then keep her away from me.”
“We’ll do that.  I didn’t realize she shared her father’s thoughts on you.”
“Of course she does!  She’s an elf.”
“Not all elves are bad.”
“Name one.”
“Azimeth”
“She pushes the boundaries.”
“I realize that.  I plan on letting her return to her parents when we get back.”
“Good, she won’t be hanging around me.”
“Now that you have Emerisa, I feel more comfortable with it.”
She frowned slightly. “I still don’t need a babysitter.”
“I realize that.  You have to admit though, that when you hit what you call battle-mode, you do need someone.”
“I won’t admit that.”
“I do,” he said as they emerged into camp amid shouts.  One of the knights was being restrained by Finn as he screamed at T’Hara.
“Last warning, elf.  If I hear it again, you’ll have to deal with me,” he yelled, pulling against Finn’s restraining hands.
“Calm down,” Finn snapped at him.
Alric sighed. “What now?”
“Oh, T’Hara has a rather strong dislike of all humans but more so Kyrin,” Finn explained.  “She has no qualms about voicing her opinions.”
“T’Hara, are you trying to die?  Do you realize how close she came to throwing you out into the dimensions?” Alric asked her.
“Sithias would save me.”
“Don’t be so sure of that.  He doesn’t like disloyalty, and the way you’re acting is pushing the limits of that.”
She glared off into the trees.
“If you want to get cleaned off, then Saith and Dewell will take you.”
“Undress in front of men?!”
“We can’t risk you going alone,” Alric said, and glanced back at Kyrin.
“Don’t even think about it,” Kyrin told him.
“I won’t!  You’d drown her.”
“Probably”
“Fine!  If I don’t have a choice,” she mumbled, and then stood up and headed for the troll city.
“This way,” Saith said, taking her arm.  She jerked her arm away from him and stormed off toward the river.




Chapter 6

Alric rolled over in bed and opened his eyes.  He saw that Kyrin was still sound asleep, and the sun was just rising over the mountains near Valhara.  They’d been back from the trolls for almost two months and Kazhik’s Eve was approaching quickly.  He’d been trying to convince Kyrin not to shift out, but so far she was insisting she wasn’t going to be around when dead walked the land.
He smiled and brushed the hair off of her bare shoulder.  When she slept, there was no sign of her evil thoughts or strange behaviors.  He knew she wasn’t an evil at heart, but he also knew it would be hard to convince her of that.
T’Hara was confined to the castle’s guest house with knight guards on her.  Sithias agreed that it was imperative to keep her away from the trolls if they were going to try to bring back Tiasis.  He’d been working with Erianah to find a way to ensure he was never able to return.  During the discussions, he was hard to reach but nothing much had happened.
Kyrin still thought she was going to be in trouble for trying to push T’Hara through a portal, but Sithias laughed it off and thanked Alric for pulling her back into Paragoy.  She’d been keeping her nose clean but still spent a lot of time at Daemionis’ temple.  When Alric was working, she felt more comfortable with the Keepers, and the twins found it fun to run around the temple as they had free reign to do whatever they wanted there.
Alric frowned slightly at the thought of his young sons in the demon’s temple.  He hated when they went, and he disliked it even more when Kyrin mentioned that the screams of the eunuchs being punished didn’t bother them.  He knew that as their mother, she had every right to take them there but truly hoped that someday she might abandon Daemionis and follow Sithias.
She sighed softly as the light from morning began to fill the room.  
“Good morning,” Alric said, and kissed the tip of her nose.
She stretched and then opened her eyes and sat up.
“Going somewhere?”
Kyrin smiled and snuggled up next to him. “No.”
“We’re running out of time deciding what to do for Kazhik’s Eve.”
“I already decided.  I’m going to go visit Creteloc for a bit.”
“I don’t trust her.”
“I know.”
“She took blood from you as payment to help a friend.”
“Creteloc doesn’t have friends.”
“Still, what if I want my mother and father to meet you?”
Kyrin propped herself up on her elbow. “You want to introduce your evil wife to the former nobles of Valhara?  I think not.”
“They won’t care!  They’ll support my choice to take you as a wife.  My father would have loved you.”
“An evil?”
“No!  He found people not from Valhara interesting, and you pretty much fit that.”
“I’m not going to stay here while the dead run around!  It’s just wrong.”
He smiled. “Like collecting Qualsax amulets before killing them?”
“They don’t need them anymore.”
“Just stay in Paragoy.  Please.  I hate when you’re gone and honestly, Finn and his five knights might just follow you.”
She rolled her eyes. “They aren’t backing off.”
“They care about you and don’t want to see you hurt.”
“I know, but attacking anyone who so much as scowls at me isn’t necessary.”
“Let them do what they need to, to make them feel better.  Right now, protecting you makes them feel like they’re doing good again.”
“You really think they’d follow me if I shift?”
“If they see you, yes.”
She sighed. “I guess I could stay in the temple.”
“You aren’t going to agree to meet my parents are you?” Alric asked, laughing.
“Nope”
“I met your dad,” he said jokingly.
Kyrin nodded. “So let’s kill him, and he can come visit me on Kazhik’s Eve.”
“We’re not going to kill him.  Thanks to the elves, we can’t even Requiem Naylor or Genessa.”
“Why not?”
“Sithias put a halt to Requiem for now.”
Kyrin smiled slightly and bit at her bottom lip.
“No!  I’m not going to let you take care of them,” Alric said when he saw the look on her face.
“It’s so easy!  I can just…”
“No”
She kissed him softly. “Stop telling me no.”
“No,” he said, and kissed her again.  His hands slipped around and ran lightly up her back.
“Go away,” Kyrin said when someone knocked at the door.
Alric sighed when they knocked again. “I’ll be right out.”
“Don’t go,” she said, and began to flick his earlobe with her tongue.
Alric responded with another passionate kiss and pulled her closer to him.  He reveled in the feel of her naked body against his, and then he groaned slightly when the knock sounded again.
“Sir?” the priest called through the door.
“Let’s just shift out,” Kyrin whispered, and kissed him again.
Alric pulled back and smiled. “That’d be fun to explain.”
“Don’t go.”
“I have to.  It sounds important.”
“How do you know?  Priests come up here to tell you every time a new chest hair comes in.”
He chuckled. “They aren’t that bad.”
“Don’t they want more nobles?” she asked, running her lips along his neck.
He shivered. “Do you?”
Kyrin shook her head and began to run her hands down his chest.
The priest knocked again. “Sir, are you in there?”
“I’ll be right down,” Alric called out.  “Meet me in my office.”
“Yes, sir.”
Alric stood up hesitantly and started to get dressed as Kyrin watched him. “What are your plans today?”
“I have to meet with Daemionis.”
“Why?” he asked, turning to her.
“I have no idea.  I just got that message from one of the Keepers.”
“If he sends you out on a mission…”
“He won’t.  He doesn’t want to lose his hold here.”
“I hate when he’s here.”
“I know.  Three of the Keepers were in shackles yesterday, so I’m thinking he wants to meet with us today.”
“Why are they routinely beaten?”
“I don’t know.  I never ask.”
Alric thought for a second. “Do you ever get punished there?”
“No”
“You sure?”
She smiled. “I’m positive that if I get beaten, I would know.”
“It doesn’t make sense.”
“Not much does,” she said, and then laid back in bed.
When she pulled the covers up to her shoulders, Alric sat down. “I thought you were headed out.”
“It’s too early.  I’ll go later.”
“Do you want breakfast up here?”
“No, I’m fine.”
He kissed her softly and then headed down to see what the priest wanted.
Kyrin tossed and turned and finally decided to head in to the temple.  It was getting colder outside, and she also wanted to make sure the temple was ready for winter.  She wasn’t entirely sure where the Keeper’s food came from, but she couldn’t have them starving over the winter months.
After dressing the twins and having a quick breakfast with them, she bundled them up in warm coats and started the long walk to the temple.  She could see her breath in the morning air, but it felt much better than how hot it had gotten over the summer.
They were just stepping into the clearing with the temple when Kyrin heard a noise behind her.  She turned and immediately grabbed for her flail when three members of the Clemency Consortium stepped out from behind a tree.
“The Shadowmere have failed to rid the dimensions of you,” the closest one said, unsheathing his broadsword.  “So now it’s up to us.”
“Boys, run,” Kyrin yelled, and then stepped between the Clemency and her sons.  She could hear them running toward the temple as she fell into an attack posture.
“They can keep the brats.  We just want you,” he said, and the other two members of the Clemency began to walk to her sides.
“Ozehshiesh,” Kyrin whispered, and touched her hands.  Her eyes grew wide when they didn’t freeze. 
“Your evil ways won’t get you out of it this time, Kyrin.  You’ll have to fight us.”
She nodded slowly and gripped her flail tighter.  The Clemency were expert swordsmen, and she knew she couldn’t win against three of them.
She swung at the closest Clemency, and he dodged back and lunged at her.  She managed to dive to the side and roll away from his sword, then returned quickly to her feet.  Her next flail attack should have slammed into the neck of a Clemency but instead went right threw him.
“You can’t kill us,” he said, smiling.
Kyrin stepped back, not sure what to do.
One of them advanced on her, and when his sword slashed through her middle, it felt like a cold dagger had stabbed her.  She clutched her stomach and doubled over in pain.
Two of the Keepers ran up to her, each carrying a long staff that they used to fight.  They stood beside Kyrin and scowled at the Clemency.
The closest member of the Clemency grinned when the eunuchs arrived, and then the three disappeared in a swirl of black smoke.
The Keeper to her right looked at her, shocked.
She was out of breath and looking around to see where they went. “You saw them, right?”
He nodded.
“Are the twins in the temple?”
Again, he nodded.  He looked at her closer and then took her arm.
“I’m okay,” she said, straining.  “Go get Alric.”
One of the Keepers ran off while the other helped Kyrin to the temple, where she laid down on the bed.  He lifted her shirt slightly and touched the odd white blisters that went across her middle.
He disappeared for a moment and then returned with a yellow salve, which he applied gently.  She breathed through the pain of his touch and looked over when Alric ran in with Saith.
“What happened?” he asked, kneeling down beside the bed.
Saith frowned slightly at the eunuch and then took his arm and moved him away from Kyrin.
“The Clemency attacked,” Kyrin said, wincing as Alric lightly touched the blisters.
“They’re here?!”
“It’s the same as the Shadowmere I’ve been seeing at night.  I couldn’t hit them, and then they suddenly disappeared in smoke.”
He sat back and watched Saith tend to her wound. “What did they hit you with?”
“A sword,” she said, covering her eyes with her arm.
“This is frostbite,” Saith told them.  
“From a sword?”
“I’m just telling you what I see.”
“I wasn’t dreaming!  This time, I wasn’t even asleep.”
“Did anyone else see them?” Alric asked.
“I’m not crazy.”
“I didn’t think so!  I just wonder if anyone else got a better look at them.  Sithias still has the portals blocked.”
“The twins saw them, and so did two of the Keepers.”
Alric turned to the Keeper in the room. “Did you see them?”
The eunuch nodded.
“Do you know who the Clemency Consortium is?”
He nodded again.
“You’re sure that’s who they were?”
“Daddy!” Ryche cried, and ran up to him.  It was obvious that he’d been crying for a while and was still highly upset.
Sedomer came in after him, also crying.
Alric gathered them up onto his lap and held them while they both calmed down.
“Is that better?” Saith asked, standing up.
Kyrin glanced down at her stomach, and the blisters were gone. “Yes, thank you.”
Alric shook his head. “None of this makes sense.  Why can you not hit them?  Why do their swords leave frostbite?”
“I don’t know,” Kyrin said, sitting up.  “Now you know I’m not seeing things though.”
“I didn’t think that.”
“Well it’s not a dream, and I’m not seeing shadows.”
He smiled at her as he patted the backs of the twins. “I honestly didn’t think you were making this up.”
“So how do I fight them?”
“I don’t know exactly.”
Alric looked around the room.  He hadn’t been this far into the temple before and didn’t realize she had a bedroom and that there were beds for the twins.  Sithias had granted him the ability to enter the temple in an emergency, which made coming to her much easier.
Kyrin followed his gaze. “Like it?”
He shrugged. “I didn’t realize you had a room here.”
“Where did you think I slept?”
“I guess I thought there might be a guest room.”
Saith shifted nervously. “May I go?”
Alric nodded. “Yes, sorry.”
Kyrin watched Saith move quickly out of the room. “He doesn’t like it in here?”
“Neither of us do.  From inside of here, we can’t feel Sithias’ presence.  It’s disturbing.”
“Interesting”
“Are you ready to go?”
“I don’t know, actually.  I don’t like that I can’t fight something.”
“Did you try magic?”
“Yes, and it didn’t work.”
“We can put knights on you.”
“Except that if I can’t hit them, then neither can the knights.”
“Priests then.”
She frowned. “What are they going to do?”
“It was just a thought.”
“My best bet is to get out of Paragoy for a while.”
He winced. “What makes you say that?”
“In the dimensions, I can fight the Consortiums.”
“There’s no guarantee of that now.”
“I can’t stay here and be helpless!”
“We’ll figure this out.  I’ll talk to Sithias.”
“No.  I will discuss this with Daemionis and see what he wants me to do.”
“Let’s take it to Sithias first.  It’s his dimension.”
“I can’t rely on another god.”
“You aren’t relying on him!  We’re just going to ask if there was a breach and what he thinks.”
“No!  You’re going to get me into trouble with Daemionis if you go to Sithias with this.”
“Well I don’t want you going to Daemionis about this.”
“So, now what?  We do nothing?”
“If we can’t decide on a god to go to, then I suggest we just wait and see.”
“I’m getting attacked by phantoms.”
“I know that!  I’ll talk to the priests and see what they think.”
“Your priests will say to tell Sithias.”
“Can I at least ask him if the portals have been breached?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“Why don’t you come with me?” he asked, standing up and putting his hand out.
“To talk to Sithias?  No thanks.”
“He likes talking to you.”
She rolled her eyes. “No, he doesn’t.”
“Let’s walk back to the castle.”
She nodded and then took his hand, and each of them took the hand of one of the toddlers.  
Alric glanced back when two of the Keepers followed them through the trees.  Each of them had a staff in their hands. “What’s up with them?”
Kyrin shrugged. “I think they’re here to protect me.”
“That’s why we’re here,” the knights with the Keepers said.  They looked over at the eunuchs suspiciously.
“Great, just what I need, extra protection from smoke people.”
“You could send them back,” Alric suggested.
“They aren’t hurting anything.”
Alric stopped walking when a familiar golden shimmer started before him.  He and his knights fell to their knees as Sithias appeared.  The Keepers moved quickly to stand between the foreign god and Kyrin.
Sithias looked over them. “She doesn’t need protected from me.”
Kyrin liked that the god couldn’t see her, so she stayed behind the taller men.
“Alric, it concerned me when you disappeared.  Did you shift?” Sithias asked.
“No, my Lord.  I was in Daemionis’ temple.”
“Why?”
“Kyrin was injured.”
“Step out,” Sithias said to her.
“No,” she told him, still blocked from view by the eunuchs.
Sithias frowned slightly. “How were you injured?”
When she didn’t reply, Alric stood up. “She doesn’t want you to know.”
“Why is that?”
“I’m not entirely sure.  I do have a question, my Lord.”
“Yes?”  Sithias asked, still watching the Keepers.
“Were the portals into Paragoy breached?”
“No, they were not.  Was there another shadow attack last night?”
“It was…”
“Alric, no!” Kyrin gasped.
“Kyrin, he’s asking me.  I can’t deny my god.”
Sithias nodded. “I demand to know.  When it concerns my dimension, I have a right.”
“She was attacked by the Clemency Consortium here in the woods and in broad daylight.”
Sithias’ eyes grew wide. “The Consortiums are here?!”
“Not exactly.”
“Explain”
“She tried to fight them, but her flail just went through them, and they disappeared in smoke again.  The twins saw them, as did two of Daemionis’ Keepers.  It’s not in a dream or caused by shadows.”
“One of these hurt her?”
“Yes.  Their sword strike caused frostbite when it touched her.”
“This makes no sense,” Sithias said, floating higher, so he could see Kyrin.
She looked up at him and then stepped closer to the Keeper to block his view.
“What did they say?” Sithias asked her.
Kyrin didn’t answer.
“She’s afraid Daemionis will get mad that she’s talking to you,” Alric told him.
“If I call him, then maybe we can get to the bottom of this.”
“Call Daemionis here?” Alric was shocked.
“To get answers, yes.”
Kyrin spun suddenly when a crack of thunder sounded from behind her.  The Keepers dropped to their knees when the hulking demon appeared, looking angry.  His hooved feet crashed against the ground as he stepped forward.
“You were attacked here in Paragoy?” Daemionis growled.
She nodded. “The Clemency was here, sort of.”
“Sort of?”
Kyrin went over her encounter, including every detail.  Sithias watched with interest as she divulged the information to her god.  Alric stood close to her with his hand on his sword, just in case.
When Kyrin finished, Daemionis looked up at Sithias. “This dimension is no longer safe.”
“It is,” Sithias said.  “My portals weren’t breached.  It’s obvious they’ve found another way to torment her.”
“The Consortiums don’t have a god.  Only a god could do this.”
“There’s no guarantee that these attacks won’t happen in the dimensions either.”
Daemionis looked down at her. “Mika has raised the bounty yet again.”
She sighed. “Now what?”
“He’s added twenty wives to the mixture of luxuries.”
“I’m going to have to take care of Mika, or this won’t end.”
“You are not to leave Paragoy,” Daemionis said.  “Most certainly not to go after Mika.”
“He’s not going to back off.”
“You can’t kill him alone, Kyrin.  You will stay here.”
Her jaw tightened and she nodded, albeit hesitantly.
“Find what’s attacking her, or I will be forced to bring her into my palace for protection,” Daemionis said before disappearing.
Sithias frowned. “The last thing we need is for Kyrin to live with him.”
Alric nodded. “Agreed.  We just have to figure out how the Clemency is attacking her.”
“It’s almost time for Kazhik’s Eve,” Sithias said.  “Prepare, and after it, I will make this a priority.”
Alric smiled. “Kyrin’s hiding for Kazhik’s Eve.”
“Hey!” Kyrin gasped, again hiding behind the Keepers.
Sithias smiled. “If you wish.  I can bring someone back for you.”
Alric looked at Sithias with wide eyes just as Sithias grew angry. 
“You can do that?” Alric asked.
“If they have no god, then I can retrieve their souls.”
“I didn’t realize that.”
They all stepped back when Sithias snarled. “If I can bring the dead here from other dimensions…”
With that, Sithias disappeared.
“That’s it!” Alric said, turning to Kyrin.  “Someone’s bringing the dead Consortiums here!”
“I’m being attacked by ghosts?”
Alric looked around the clearing. “Let’s get back to the castle.  It’s not safe out here.”
“How can I get attacked by a ghost?!”
“It makes perfect sense.  They have no god, so their souls aren’t claimed.  Someone, my guess is Erianah, is bringing them here to torment you.  That’s why you can’t hit them.”
“Erianah?  Daemionis needs to know.”
One of the Keepers touched her arm and then nodded and ran back toward the temple.
“He’ll tell Daemionis,” Alric said, taking her hand.  “I want you back in the castle.”
Kyrin wasn’t sure what she thought about the entire idea, so she let him lead her back into Valhara.  The knights kept an extra close eye out around them, though they weren’t sure how they would fight off ghosts either.
Finn met them at the castle doors and was immediately pulled to the side by his knights, so he could be filled in on what they’d learned.  The last Keeper headed back for the temple once Kyrin was in the safety of the castle. 

***

“I won’t bring them up here.  I promise,” Alric said as Kyrin paced nervously.  “I wish you’d see them though.”
“I don’t see ghosts,” Kyrin told him as she bit at her knuckle.
“Calm down.  No souls will come up here.”
“I’d feel better at the temple.”
“I know, but I feel better having you close.  The knights watching you while I speak to my parents don’t have loved ones that have died, so they won’t be visited.”
“When does this Kazhik’s Eve start?”
“In just a few minutes.  My parents won’t judge you.”
“No”
He thought it was odd how strong Kyrin was, yet how she was afraid of a soul.  She had been extraordinarily nervous since Sithias confirmed that the Consortiums in Paragoy were only the souls of those that were dead.  He suspected they were members Kyrin had killed but hadn’t been able to confirm that.
She hadn’t seen any Consortium members since the last attack outside of the temple, but the knights were keeping an even closer eye on her.
“Please, promise to stay up here,” Alric said to her.
She nodded and began to pace again.
He smiled at the knights and then headed down the stairs with the twins.
“This is wrong,” Kyrin mumbled when he’d gone.
“Kazhik’s Eve is?” the knight asked her.  She wasn’t used to the knights being casual with her yet, but since she saved some of them in the dimensions, they’d all given her a new chance and had found she wasn’t as evil as they first thought.
“Yes”
“I think it would be nice to reconnect with a lost loved one.”
“People who are dead should stay dead.”
He just smiled and watched her pace.  Her flail was sitting beside the bed, but she glanced at it often.  Knowing that the ones after her couldn’t be injured by a flail didn’t help her nervousness at all.
“Would you like something to drink maybe?” one of the knights asked.  He was the first knight reinstated to his post after his travel through the dimensions with Kyrin.  Finn returned to duty the day after him, but the others were still living in the bunk room and on close watch by the priests.
“No”
“Would you be more comfortable if we had more knights here?”
“Probably not.  We can’t fight ghosts.”
They both fell silent and watched around the room for any sign of a problem.  Kazhik’s Eve only lasted an hour, and the time passed quicker than Kyrin thought it would.  When the city bells chimed that the time was over, she relaxed and sat down on the bed.
Alric came in with the twins shortly thereafter and smiled. “That was nice.”
“They didn’t yell at you?” Kyrin asked him.
“Of course not!  They already knew about you somehow and were hoping to meet you.”
“Great”
“How’d it…” Alric stopped talking when smoke began to swirl around the room.  He and the knights drew their swords, and more knights came into the room.
One by one the shadows formed into large men with armor and swords drawn.  
Kyrin stood slowly and looked at them. “Who are you?”
“The Clemency and Shadowmere have joined to bring you back,” he said, glaring at her.  “Come peacefully and we will leave this dimension alone.”
“You aren’t taking her,” Alric said.  The knights fell to attack, but the shadows didn’t move as the steel from the swords passed through them without hurting them.
“Kyrin, you must be held accountable for the deaths.  For my death!” one of them screamed.
Kyrin took a step back. “If I killed you, then you deserved it.”
“You killed all of us,” one of them said, stepping toward her.  “You have to pay for that and not by living in the luxury of Paragoy.”
“I’m not going with you!”
“You don’t have a choice.”
The Shadowmere growled and lunged at Kyrin.  The Valharans watched in horror as each of the ghosts dove at Kyrin, one at a time, and slammed into her, knocking her back.  Once they hit her, they disappeared, and she finally crashed to the ground when the last one dove at her.
Alric rushed to her and knelt down. “Kyrin?”
One of the knights ran to get the priests when a small trickle of blood ran out of the corner of her mouth.
“Kyrin?” Alric tried again to wake her.  When she didn’t stir, he began looking her over but found no injury, other than she felt cold to him.
“What happened?” Finn asked, running in with Saith.
Saith knelt down and started looking her over as one of the knights relayed what they had just seen.  
“She’s so cold,” Alric said, taking her hand.
“I know, as if dead,” Saith whispered.  “She’s breathing though, and her heart is strong.”
Thunder cracked outside after a bright flash of lightening, and then rain began to pound the side of the castle.
Kyrin sighed softly and Alric touched her face. “Kyrin, can you open your eyes?”
After a few seconds, her eyes fluttered open, and she looked up at Alric and Saith.
“How do you feel?” Saith asked her.
She frowned slightly and sat up, looking around.
“Does anything hurt?” Alric asked.
Kyrin slowly got to her feet and backed up to the wall, watching the others closely.
“Watch it,” Finn said, moving toward the king.  “She’s about to attack.”
Alric nodded as he watched her tense. “Kyrin?”
She glanced at the wall behind her long enough to see King Ryche’s swords crossed above the Valharan’s emblem, and she took one of them off of the wall.
When she faced the Valharans, sword ready, they drew theirs and fell defensive.
“Kyrin?  Do you know us?” Finn asked from beside his king.
Her black eyes scanned the others with anger, and she took a step to the side, watching them.
“Put the sword down,” Alric said to her.  “You can’t fight us all.”
She took another step, and Alric realized that she was heading for the door.
“Don’t leave.  We’re here to help you.”
Saith held his hands out to her. “Can I have the sword?  We won’t hurt you.”
He drew his hands back quickly when Kyrin brought the sword down swiftly and almost cut his hand off before she stepped back again.
“Kyrin, stop it!” Finn said sternly.  “Give us the sword.”
Another crash of thunder sounded, and she jumped slightly at the loud noise.  
“Calm down before you hurt someone,” Alric said, forcing himself to be calm.  “You don’t want to hurt us.”
When she finally made it to the door, she backed through it and then turn and ran down the stairs with the sword gripped tightly in her hand.
“Do we chase her?” one of the knights asked.
“She may cast on us,” Finn told him.
“I doubt it,” Alric said.  “She didn’t try to cast on us and passed her flail on her way out the door.  Something’s not right.”
Kyrin hit the front doors running and ignored when one of the knights opened the doors for her.  She ran out into the rainy night and was instantly drenched from the torrential rainfall.  It was cold, thick rain, almost snow, and without shoes or a coat she was shivering by the time she reached the trees.
She didn’t remember where she was going but had to run.  She couldn’t remember where she was or even who she was.  The men in her room scared her, and she felt the need to run from them instantly.  The sword in her hand felt too heavy, but it was the only thing she’d thought to grab as a weapon.
Not sure where to even go, she made her way deeper into the trees hoping to find a cave to get out of the rain.  With the winter coming, the thick trees were now bare twigs and the rain was still drenching her.
Kyrin saw the dark form of a house and approached it carefully.  It seemed familiar, though she couldn’t place it.  On the door was a decorated ‘D’, and she looked down at her right wrist and saw a scar of the same symbol.
One of the Keepers opened the door, and she saw that it was warm inside.  He stepped aside so she could enter, but she just looked at him, not sure what to do.
“Where am I?” she called out to him.
He frowned slightly and motioned her inside.
“I don’t know you.”
The eunuch held his wrist out, showing her that he had the same ‘D’ scar that she had.
Kyrin glanced around her and knew she wouldn’t make it long in the frigid night, so she headed into the windowless house.  It surprised her to find a temple on the inside, but none of the men attacked her, and all seemed genuinely concerned about her.
One of them came up to her with a warm, dry nightgown and held it up for her.  She shivered and glanced back at the doors.  
“Kyrin?” someone called from outside of the temple.
Kyrin spun and held her sword up to the door.  She turned when she heard an odd noise and saw two of the men lift the floor, revealing stairs under it.  One of them walked down and motioned her forward when someone knocked on the door.
She ran down the stairs and looked up as the ceiling shut above her.  The shivering was getting worse, and she knew she had to get out of the wet clothes.
“Turn,” she whispered to the one man with her.
He nodded and then faced the wall while she changed.  In the dry clothing, she felt instantly better.
“Is she here?” Alric asked the Keeper who answered the door.
He moved aside and motioned the king in.
Alric glanced behind him at the knights gathered and then walked inside with Finn. “Have you seen Kyrin?”
The eunuch shook his head.
“Something’s wrong with her.  If you see her, we need to have her looked at by priests immediately.”
He simply nodded.
“Can we look around?” Finn asked him.
The Keeper nodded and moved back.  Finn first went to Kyrin’s room and peeked inside.  When he didn’t see her, he looked in the kitchen and then headed upstairs.
“Are you sure you haven’t seen her?” Alric asked, looking down at the puddle on the floor.
The eunuch shook his head.
“I’m sure even Daemionis would want someone to look at her.  I’m not convinced that she knows where she is.”
The Keeper just watched him.
Finn came down the stairs. “I don’t see her.”
Alric looked around the temple, trying to figure out where she was. “I don’t suppose I can talk to Daemionis.”
“She’s not here, sire.”
“I’m not sure I believe that.  Have you seen this puddle over here?”
Finn walked over and looked down, then glanced at the dry Keepers. “You’re missing one, aren’t you?”
The eunuch didn’t give any indication, one way or the other.
“How many eunuchs are usually here?” Finn asked Alric.
“I’ve seen eight of them.”
“Where’s the other one?” Finn asked the Keeper.
He didn’t reply.
Alric looked at the shackles. “There’s usually one hanging from those.”
“From the shackles?”
“Yes, getting beaten,” Alric explained.  He then turned to the closest Keeper. “Send someone to the castle immediately if she shows up here.  If you talk to Daemionis, tell him I want to talk to him.”
The Keeper walked over and opened the door.  The rain had turned to snow while they were inside, but they headed out to the waiting knights anyway.
“Take your sectors and find her,” Finn ordered.  “I don’t want her running in a blind panic into Qualsax.”
Kyrin heard all of what happened, and when the door shut, she turned to the eunuch with her. “So you all don’t talk?”
He shook his head.
“Do you know me?”
After nodding, he walked over to the bed and pulled the covers down.
She looked at the bed. “It is kind of cold still.”
He motioned for her to lie down.
“Are you going to tell that guy I’m here?”
The Keeper shook his head.
“I’m just so cold.”
He reached over and grabbed another blanket, and then smoothed it out on the bed.
Kyrin finally crawled in and the warmth against her freezing feet felt amazing.  Even though she’d planned on staying awake, she was soon asleep.

***

Alric stood and looked out the window into the dark night.  The snow was falling harder, and they had accumulated almost twelve inches of new snow since it started.  It was nearing dawn and every resource he had was out looking for Kyrin.
After much coercion, Saith had talked Alric into staying in the castle, in case she decided to return.  He’d been watching for her ever since but saw no sign of her.  He called for Sithias once in a while but hadn’t heard anything, and he suspected that Sithias might be dealing with Erianah still.
As the wind howled, his heart sunk.  She was out there, afraid and alone, and he was fearful that she might freeze to death before anyone found her.  Finn checked in regularly, but no one had seen any sign of her, and now snow covered any trace she might have left.
It was mid-morning when Alric saw the shimmer appear, and he dropped to his knees.
Sithias appeared and looked around the room. “Where has Kyrin gone?  I need to speak to her.”
Alric explained what happened the night before and what they all saw.  His worry was evident when he mentioned how hard they were looking for her without a trace.
“She cannot shift out of Paragoy, but you’re right, and she may accidentally run into Qualsax,” Sithias said.  “Erianah would love nothing more than to get her hands on Kyrin, and we can’t allow that.”
“How can we find her?  Can you take me to Daemionis?”
“No, but I can ask.  Keep looking for her and…”
With a crack of thunder, Daemionis appeared behind Alric, and Sithias watched him carefully when he spoke, “Where is she?”
“We can’t find her,” Alric said.  “Can you help us?  She could freeze to death out there.”
“Our fears were realized.  Erianah was able to get the souls here and attack Kyrin with them,” Sithias said to the demon.
A low growl erupted from Daemionis. “What effect did they have?”
Alric cleared his throat. “We aren’t sure, but I suspect it messed with her memory.  She didn’t know us, didn’t cast, and passed up her flail to take my father’s sword.”
Daemionis walked to the window as his hooves clapped loudly against the wooden floor. “She’s out there in the snow?”
“We can’t find her, so we don’t know.”
With another loud crack, Daemionis disappeared from the castle and instantly appeared in his temple.  He looked around as the Keepers ran into the room and dropped to their knees before him.
“Is she safe?” he asked them.
One of the eunuchs lifted the floor to reveal the hidden room beneath.  Kyrin looked up the stairs with wide eyes at the massive demon staring down at her.
“Come up here, Kyrin,” Daemionis ordered.
The terror in her eyes was fierce as she shook her head.
“Get her.”
Two Keepers ran down the stairs and forced her up to the top floor, then dropped the wooden floor and stepped back.  Kyrin moved back along the wall, too afraid of the horrifying demon to even speak.
“Are you injured?” Daemionis asked, walking slowly toward her.
“No,” she managed to whisper.
“Do you know who I am?”
She just shook her head.
“The mark on your wrist…”
Kyrin glanced at the ‘D’ scar on her right wrist.
“… and the wolf on your shoulder are for me,” Daemionis explained.  “I am your god.”
She nodded slightly, still watching him.
“Do you know where you are?”
“No”
“Make her remember,” the demon said before disappearing from the room.
Kyrin started to panic when the Keepers moved toward her.  She fought them as best as she could, but they were able to strip her and hang her from a set of the shackles, facing the wall.
“Don’t do this!” she screamed, pulling against the shackles.
One of the eunuchs took a chain whip from the wall and walked over to her.
“No!”
Just as the eunuch drew his arm back to strike, the door to the temple burst open.  Alric, Finn, and two knights rushed into the room.  Finn slammed into the eunuch and knocked him to the ground while one of the knights took the whip from his hand.
Alric moved to Kyrin quickly and began getting her down from the shackles.  He wrapped his cloak around her, and she gripped it tightly when she turned around.
“You were going to beat her?” Finn yelled at the Keepers.  “For what?!”  
The eunuch he knocked down simply stood up and watched them.
Kyrin watched, not sure what to do.  The men in the temple had been nice to her up until the demon ordered them to make her remember.  The men that came into the temple seemed angry but saved her from a brutal assault.
“Come on,” Alric said, putting an arm around Kyrin’s shoulders.  “Let’s get you out of here.”
Finn turned angrily and left, taking the chain whip with him.  When he got out, Alric was just sliding onto his horse behind Kyrin, who was watching the knights carefully.  They all rode to the castle through the foot of newly fallen snow.
Alric carried Kyrin into the castle, because she still didn’t have any shoes on.  When he set her down, she clutched the cloak tightly and looked around the main foyer.
“Come up,” Alric said, motioning her up the stairs.
She looked up the long flight of stairs, and then glanced behind her at Finn, who smiled.  
After a few seconds, she started up the stairs following Alric.  She felt trapped and wasn’t sure where else to go.  No one was jumping out at her though, and she was starting to feel a little more comfortable.
Once in the bedroom, Alric stood beside the dressing curtain. “Go back there and get dressed.”
She nodded and disappeared behind the curtain.
Emerisa came in with the twins. “Did you find her?”
“Yes,” Finn told her, picking up Ryche.
“Is she okay?”
“She is now,” he said angrily.
“Does she remember?”
“No”
Kyrin came out finally in a long formal dress with her hair down.  She looked nervous and watched those in the room.
Alric smiled at her. “Feel better?”
She shrugged slightly.
“Ma,” Sedomer said, and reached out for her.  
Kyrin took a step back away from him.
“These are your sons,” Emerisa said, walking up to her with Sedomer.  “Would you like to hold one?”
Kyrin shook her head.
“Do you need something to eat?” Finn asked.
She again just shook her head.
“You called for me, my king?” one of the priests asked, coming into the room.
“Just stay close,” Alric told him.  “We aren’t sure yet what to do.”
“Yes, my Lord.”
Kyrin frowned at Alric.
“What’s wrong?”
“You’re a king?” she asked him timidly.
“Yes, King of Valhara.”
“Maybe she and I should be alone,” Emerisa suggested.
Alric nodded and then took Sedomer from her before the others all filed out of the room.
Emerisa smiled. “There, that’s better.  They like to hover.”
“He’s really a king?”
“Yes, and you’re the Lady of Valhara.”
“I am?”
“Yes”
“So, he’s my husband?”
“Yes, he is.”
Kyrin walked over to look out the window. “Why don’t I remember anything?”
“We’re not really sure.”
“And who are you?” she asked, looking at Emerisa.
“My name is Emerisa, and I’m just a friend.”
“I don’t know what to do,” Kyrin said, sitting down on a chair by the fire.
Emerisa did the same. “Well, what do you remember?”
She sighed. “Not a lot.  I was asleep, and I woke up here on the floor surrounded by those men.”
“Nothing at all before that?”
“No”
“Your name then?”
“No, but I know it because everyone keeps saying it.”
“I’m sure it will come back,” Emerisa assured her.  “For now, just trust us, and we won’t hurt you.”
“Those men.  They were going to beat me.”
“What men?”
“Back at the black house.”
“They were?!”
Kyrin nodded. “What did I do?”
“Well, I don’t know.  I’m sure the king will want to know though.”
“He knows.  He’s the one that stopped them.”
“If I was you, I would just stay in the castle until your memory comes back, then.  Everyone here will help you.”
“They will?”
“Sure”
“Can they remove this?” Kyrin asked, holding out her right wrist.
Emerisa looked down at the mark of Daemionis. “I wouldn’t remove that quite yet.”
“Why not?  I saw that scaly thing, and I want nothing to do with it.”
“Now, but you may change your mind when you remember.”
“I doubt it.  He seemed horrible.”
“If I might make a suggestion.”
“Go ahead.”
“Don’t make any decisions until you remember your past.  There’s no use making things harder for yourself in the long run by doing that,” Emerisa told her.
They both looked over when Alric returned to the room.  Emerisa knew he was probably standing just outside the door and was anxious to get back to Kyrin.
Kyrin’s eyes grew wide.  She dropped to one knee on the floor and then lowered her eyes.
Alric frowned. “What are you doing?”
Emerisa stood up and bowed slightly. “I’m guessing responding to a king.”
“Stand up, please,” he said, and took her hand to help her up.  She looked at him nervously and then glanced at Emerisa.
“It’s okay,” Emerisa told her.  “We’re just not used to seeing you kneeling before the king.”
“He’s the king,” Kyrin whispered to her.
She smiled. “Yes.  He is.”
Alric seemed uncomfortable as he spoke, “We… well we were going down to breakfast.  Do you want to go?”
Kyrin glanced at Emerisa, who nodded. “Go ahead.”
“Are you coming?”
“I really need to get back to my kids.  My eldest is watching them.”
“How many do you have?” Kyrin asked her.
“Four”
“Can I go with you?”
“Well”
Alric glanced over at Emerisa. “Why don’t you all come stay here until Kyrin’s more comfortable?  You can have the entire Lady’s suite.”
Emerisa laughed. “Oh the kids would love that.”
“I’ll have knights help you pack.  It would be a great favor to me.”
She bowed slightly. “It’d be my pleasure.  I’ll go now.”
They watched her leave and then Kyrin looked over at Alric.
“Let’s go eat,” he said, putting his hand out to her.
“Anything you ask, sir,” she said, and took his hand.
He frowned slightly but decided not to mention it.  They walked down together to breakfast, where Saith and Finn were already waiting.
Finn smiled up at them. “You’re going to spoil my kids, letting them move into the castle.”
Alric laughed. “They can keep the twins entertained.”
“How are you feeling?” Saith asked Kyrin.
“Fine, thank you.”
“Do you need anything?”
She shrugged. “I’m sorry.  I don’t know who you are to know what you offer.”
“I’m a priest of Sithias,” he explained.  “I can heal you or help if you are feeling ill.”
She glanced down at the scar on her wrist. “Well, no.  I had better not.”
“What?”
“I want this mark off of my wrist, but Emerisa said I should wait.”
“I agree.  It would be best to hold off on that.”
“But you can do it?”
“Yes”
Servants brought in trays and trays of food for breakfast.  They set them down, bowed to Alric, and then left the room quickly.  Alric watched Kyrin and waited for her to sit, but she was just watching him.
“Have a seat,” he said finally.
She frowned. “I can’t sit before the king.”
He smiled and pulled her chair out. “In this castle, ladies sit first.”
She hesitated and then sat down and put the napkin in her lap.
Finn found that funny and grinned as he started to eat.  Saith watched Kyrin carefully and started on his breakfast, as soon as she took a bite.
Kyrin checked often to see what Alric was doing but finally managed to finish her breakfast shortly after the others.
“What’s on the agenda for today?” Saith asked.
“I’m supposed to meet with the people of Valhara, but I’m not sure how many will come out in this storm,” Alric told him.
“There are always those dedicated enough to brave it.”
“True, so we start there.”  Alric turned to Kyrin. “Would you like to come also?”
“I’m sorry, to do what?”
“Meet with the people.  They come to us with complaints, blessing requests, that type of thing.”
“Do I normally go?”
He smiled. “No, but what else will you do today?”
“Do you want me to go?”
“Yes, I always want you there.”
She thought about that and frowned. “I disobeyed the direct order of the king?”
“I wouldn’t call it an order.”
She nodded. “I’ll go.”
Finn stood up. “I’m going to go help Emerisa bring the kids here.  Pater’s decided he wants to fly, and it’s getting harder and harder to keep him on the ground.”
Alric chuckled when Finn strode out of the room.  He led Kyrin down to the throne room and handed her her crown before he put his on.  When they were ready, they each sat at their thrones, and one of the castle staff began seeing in the Valharans, one at a time.
Kyrin smiled when anyone spoke to her, but she stayed silent beside Alric.  He noticed that she was trying to listen, but her mind was elsewhere, and she often fidgeted nervously.  
He tensed when two elves came in to ask for blessings on a sick elderly elf, but Kyrin didn’t seem to pay any special attention to the other race.  Once he granted them a blessing, Alric got word from the castle staff that no one else was there to see him.
Alric looked over at Kyrin. “What are you thinking about?”
“Well”
“I mean.  If it’s private, you don’t have to tell me.  It just seems your mind is far away.”
“I wouldn’t keep anything away from the king.”
He forced a smile.  It was uncomfortable how she acted like the others in Valhara and was treating him as a king.  He’d never seen that out of her before, and it was uncharacteristic and a little disturbing.
“We’re done here for the day.”
“I thought you wanted to know what I was thinking about.”
“I changed my mind.”
“Oh, okay.”
She was speaking softly and almost in a timid way.  Even the way she sat was off for Kyrin, and Alric hoped that she would regain her memory soon.
“What would you like to do for the day?” Alric asked.
Kyrin shrugged. “You’re the king.”
“I’m asking you.”
She glanced around the throne room. “I don’t know what there is to do.”
“Not a lot with the snow outside.  We could go check in on Finn and Emerisa.  The twins will be there by now, and they really enjoy Finn’s kids.”
“The twins… they are mine?”
“Ours, yes.”
“Boys?”
“Yes”
“I don’t feel like I have children,” she said to him.
He smiled. “I’m not sure what you mean by feel like.”
“I guess I thought I would feel differently.”
“You may when you remember them.”
“How old are they?”
“16 months”
“Do I watch them?”
“Yes, most of the time.  Emerisa helps out though when you’re busy.”
“When I’m busy, what do I do?” Kyrin asked him.
“It depends on the day.  You like to go horseback riding.  You often go out to an old cave and assail the wall with spells, though you didn’t know I knew that.”
“Spells?”
Alric stood up and held his hand out. “It’ll all come back to you.  Let’s go check on the twins.”
She took his hand and stood up to smooth down the long green dress.  She pushed her hair off of her shoulders and then started down the stairs.
“Would you like Emerisa to put your hair up?” Alric asked her when she got her crown stuck in it.
“Or cut it,” she said, finally getting the crown free.
“I think you should hold off on that too.”
“Cutting it off?”
“Yes, you’ve always been pretty adamant that it stay long.”
“What do you want me to do with it?”
“Nothing, for now.”
She nodded and then put the crown back on as they walked into the Lady’s chambers.  Finn and Emerisa’s eldest daughter was on the floor playing with the twins while the rest of them were getting settled in the suite.
“Ma, up,” Sedomer said, and walked up to her with his hands up.
She looked over at Alric questioningly.
“He wants picked up,” Alric told her.
When she glanced down at the toddler apprehensively, Alric reached over and picked him up.  It was obvious that he wanted Kyrin, but she didn’t seem comfortable with the idea yet.
“Hey, Dad.  The king is here,” one of the kids said, looking out from one of the bedrooms.
Alric smiled. “It’s okay if he’s busy.”
“No, I need a break,” Finn said, joining them.  “Emerisa’s a dictatorial tyrant.”
Emerisa called out from the bedroom. “Are you taking another break?”
“No, my king needs me,” Finn called back to her as he sat down on the soft blue couch.  “I could get used to this.”
Alric just chuckled.
“Why don’t you go join her?” Finn asked Kyrin.  “She’d love the company.”
“May I go?” Kyrin asked Alric.
He nodded and then watched her walk into the bedroom. “Damn.”
“Well, at least she’s not likely to run off.”
“I guess,” Alric said, joining Finn on the couch.
Finn leaned back and put his feet up on the table in front of the couch.
“Get your feet off the table, Finn!  You were not born into sloppiness,” Emerisa called out.
“That woman has eyes everywhere,” Finn said, sitting up straighter.
Alric put the toddler down. “I don’t know how to start bringing her memory back.”
“That’s a tough one.  I wonder though.” Finn glanced back at the door to make sure they were alone. “Are those souls still in her?”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, we saw them slam into her, but I didn’t see any of them leave.”
“I hadn’t thought of that,” Alric said, frowning.  “Could they be?”
“I don’t know how that works.  I would think if they were, she’d be acting violently though, not complacently.”
“I’ll have to watch her closely to see.  My guess is that they assaulted her and somehow wiped her memory.  I just hope it’s not gone.”
“It seems to me that those eunuchs were about to beat something out of her, and I wondered if that was what they were thinking,” Finn said.
“Might be.  Two seconds later, and we would have found out.”
“If she doesn’t remember, do you think Daemionis will release his hold on her?”
“I doubt it.  Course right now, she doesn’t know she’s a magic user, which is why he keeps her.”
“While they’re busy, didn’t you want to go see Naylor?” Finn asked.
“Oh right.  Yes, I have a question about shifting that I don’t think Kyrin would know the answer to, even before the memory thing.”
“Let’s go before Emerisa puts us both to work then.”
“Can I steal him for a few minutes?” Alric called out to Emerisa.
“That depends.  Do you really need him or are you helping him get out of work?”
“Emerisa!” Kyrin gasped.  “He’s the king.”
“I really need his help,” Alric said, laughing.
“Sure, but bring back something to drink, will you?”
“Sure thing,” Finn said, and then headed out the door with Alric.  
They made their way quickly down into the dungeons and then stood in front of Naylor’s cell.
“I love you, Alric,” Genessa said from her cell.  “I didn’t love Falon.  He tricked me into that!”
“I have a question for you, Naylor,” Alric said, ignoring Genessa.
“Yeah?  About what?” he asked as he sat up in bed.
“I’m curious about how often portals appear.  Finn mentioned a portal would take days out in the dimensions.  When Kyrin needs one here, there’s usually one available.”
“So?”
“So can a shifter cause a portal to appear?”
Naylor looked up. “Shifters find portals created in nature.  We don’t make them.  If there are more in Paragoy, then that’s just part of the dimension.”
“I was beginning to think that it was normal for a portal to appear whenever it’s needed.”
“Gah, I wish.”
“The only time Kyrin hasn’t found a portal when she really wanted one, is when Sithias had them blocked.”
“She can’t create a portal.”
“I’m curious though why when she’s out of this dimension, she doesn’t find portals like she does here.”
“She can’t create them, I says.”
“I heard you.  It still seems odd how they conveniently appear when she’s angry or in trouble though.”
“They aren’t that nice.  Portals do their own thing.”
Finn nodded. “I’ve seen that too.  Recently, Kyrin got into a fight with an elf.  It just so happened a portal appeared right beside her.”
“A portal also appeared when she was about to be executed by the elves,” Alric added.
“Luck,” Naylor said.
“Yet out in the dimensions, we sometimes had to wait days for one to appear,” Finn said.
“That sounds more like a portal.  Shifting is hard work,” Naylor told them.  “Sometimes you find a portal, sometimes you don’t.  It don’t matter how hard you want one.  It just don’t always come.”
“Have you ever met a magical shifter?” Alric asked him.
“No, Kyrin was the first I seen of that.  Shifters don’t often marry anyone but another shifter.”
“Why’s that?”
“Too much of a pain to have to do all the work.  Her mom and me stayed in Kyrstalis, so it didn’t really matter, but if you’re out traveling the dimensions and one of you can’t shift, it’s a pain.”
Alric smiled. “You must have been a joy to have as a husband.”
“Oh, I was!  I was a good’un too.  I didn’t even get tired of her mom until I’d been married for almost five years.  I even stayed mostly faithful to her and only took on three other wives.”
“I thought only the rich could afford more than one wife,” Finn said.
Naylor shifted nervously. “Umm, that ain’t always true.”
Alric watched him closely. “Where’d you get the money to get more of them?”
“It’s… well it’s not always about the money.  They loved me.”
“Because you’re such a catch,” Finn said with disgust.
“Exactly”
“Where’d the money come from?  I want to know,” Alric said again.
“I didn’t have no money.”
“Kyrin said that only the rich have multiple wives.”
“She lied.”
“I saw how wives are auctioned,” Finn said.  “That man paid a lot for a new wife, and I would imagine that’d get pretty expensive.”
“Did you have anything to do with turning Kyrin over to the Shadowmere?” Alric asked.
Naylor shrugged. “I may have gambled a bit to get money for more wives.”
“How’d you pay off the gambling debt?”
“Well, wives aren’t that expensive if you don’t wait for the pretty virgins.”
Finn glared at him.
“Did you sell Kyrin?” Alric asked him, irritated.
“Listen, you fellas just don’t know what it’s like!  I had Kyrin’s mom, and I wanted more wives, but you’re right.  They get expensive.”
“So you sold the baby?”
“Sort of, well, yeah I guess.”
Alric sighed. “So you got Kyrin’s mom pregnant and sold it to have more wives, then let her mom die?”
“No, no!  I’m not that stupid,” Naylor said.
“What part of that is wrong?”
“I got more wives first, gambling you know.  I had good instincts.”
“Keep going.”
“Well, I had four wives and maybe a bad gambling day or two, so the Shadowmere wanted to buy my wife off me, the magic one, cause I owed them so much money.  I didn’t want to sell her because I used her magic.  So I decided to just get her pregnant and give them the baby.”
“Lovely,” Finn snapped.
“Well when she got pregnant, she lost her magic!  Then she was no use at all, so I took the baby to the orphanage and left with my other wives.  She was no good to me without magic.  I’d promised the Shadowmere a magical baby though, and that baby wasn’t showing no magic, so I ran.”
“You are the lowest form of life I’ve ever met,” Finn said to him.  
“Why’s that?”
“Because, you’re an idiot!  She didn’t lose her magic.”
“Yeah she did.  I told her to cast me a fire, and she couldn’t do it.”
“Enough,” Alric said to Finn.  He didn’t want Naylor to know anything more about Kyrin.
“I’m not the idiot.”
“So you’ve never met a magical shifter.”
“Never”
“Ever even heard of one?”
“Nope.  Most shifters prefer to stay alone.”
“What about evil shifters.”
“What about them?” Naylor asked.
“Do they find portals more easily?”
“Dunno, most shifters aren’t evil.”
Alric nodded. “Just Kyrin then again.”
“Well, and me I guess.”
“You’re not evil.  You’re an ass.  There’s a difference.”
“You can’t talk to me like that!”
“That’s all then,” Alric said, and turned to leave with Finn.
“Wait!” Naylor yelled.  “That shoulda earned me an outing.”
“It didn’t,” Finn said, and disappeared up the stairs.
“That was no help at all.”
“If Kyrin can… I don’t know what word to use here… summon or make a portal, that explains why they always appear when she really needs them.”
“But why only in Paragoy?”
“I have no idea.  Would that also explain how she got in when Sithias had the portals blocked?”
“Maybe.  When things calm down, I’ll ask Sithias about my suspicions.  He might be able to explain them.”

***

Alric kissed her bare shoulder softly and then pulled her tighter against him as she slept.  It’d been five weeks since she lost her memory, and he was starting to wonder if she would ever get it back.  Emerisa had been an immense help getting Kyrin comfortable in the castle, but she still seemed nervous and unsure when she was around anyone she didn’t know.
He watched the sun rise over the snowy ground outside.  A storm the previous day had landed another foot, which kept the elven leaders hard at work keeping the pathways in Valhara clean.  Azimeth had begged for weeks to be returned as Kyrin’s Lady in Waiting, but now more than ever, it seemed too dangerous.
T’Hara was finally released to her home and had left after crying over her father for a few days.  Alric was hoping to hear back from Sithias soon what was being done about the trolls trying to bring back Tiasis or about Erianah’s unfaltering attempts to get Kyrin out of Paragoy.
When Kyrin began to stir, Alric let go of her and moved back over to his side of the bed.  She always seemed uneasy when she woke up in his arms, but he held her anyway while she was asleep.
“Good morning,” he said when her eyes opened.
She looked over at him and smiled. “Good morning, my king.”
“Please, Kyrin.  I’ve asked you not to call me that.”
“It seems improper not to.”
“Well I don’t call you Lady Kyrin.”
“I’m not the king.”
He kissed her softly and then smiled. “Just stop.”
She looked over at the window and pulled the covers up to cover herself better. “Is it snowing?”
“Looks like it’s stopped.”
She nodded and then yawned into her hand.
“I have to go into Valhara again this morning.  Emerisa is out at the temple, will you be okay alone?”
“Yes, I’ll be fine.”
He kissed her again softly and then stood up and got dressed.  He looked at her in bed once more before smiling and heading out for the day.
Kyrin rolled over to go back to sleep but was brought out of it when someone knocked on the door.
“Who is there?” she asked, making sure the covers were still over her.
“It’s one of the knights, M’Lady.  There’s a problem down at the front doors that we need your help with.”
“Okay, I’ll be right down.”  She got out of bed quickly and ran behind the dressing curtain to get dressed.  After smoothing out her hair with her fingers, she opened the door to see who was waiting for her.  When she saw she was alone, she started down the stairs to the front door.
Kyrin didn’t know the knights at the door but looked past them and saw that they were blocking the way of one of the Keepers.
Kyrin frowned and stopped when she saw him. “Why is he here?”
“We don’t know.  We thought maybe you might know.”
She peered at the Keeper from behind one of the knights. “What do you want?”
He moved to the side and motioned for her to follow him.
“I’m not going with you.”
The eunuch lifted his sleeve slightly and showed her the ‘D’ burn mark on his wrist.
“I don’t care what he says.  I’m not going with you.”
With a simple nod, the Keeper then walked away, heading toward the trees.
Kyrin sighed. “Why can’t he talk?”
“He’s had his tongue removed,” one of the knights told her.
She frowned. “Why?”
“I’m not really sure.”
Kyrin looked out over the pristinely white landscape.  The new snow looked like diamonds when the sun hit it.  Ice and snow hung from the bare branches in the orchards, and suddenly, she wanted to get out.
“Am I allowed to go for a walk?” she asked the closest knight.
He shrugged. “I don’t see why not.  Let’s get you something warm though.  It’s cold out there this morning.”
She nodded and waited while one of the staff brought her a fur-lined cloak, boots, and a fur muff that had been warmed for her hands.  When she was ready, she headed out.  She could see her breath in the cold air, but the only thing she could hear was the crunching of new snow under her boots.
Kyrin headed the opposite way that the Keeper went.  She wandered for a while, reveling at the beauty surrounding the Valharan castle.  Before long, she’d gotten almost to town, so she headed off to the side into the trees.  
It’d been so long since she was outside of the castle that she had a lot of exploring to do and was finding that the cold air and scenery wiped away the stresses of not knowing who she was.  For hours, she wandered and took in the majestic mountain pass.
She was just starting to wonder if she should head back when she heard footsteps coming toward her.
“Alric?” she called out.
The men who walked up weren’t at all like the others from Valhara.  They had black armor that was worn and dinged, and one of them had a crow tattoo across his forehead.
“Fancy meeting the Lady of Valhara out here alone,” he said, smiling at her.
“Who are you?” she asked him.  A warning flooded through her, and she began to back up.
“Citizens out here walking, like you are.”
“I was just heading back.”
“Don’t go now,” another of them said from behind her.  Kyrin spun to find that she was surrounded.
“Why is the Lady of Valhara out here so far from the castle, anyway?”
An image flashed through her mind of a flail, and she looked down at her hand as if something was missing.
“What I think is she wandered off alone, and they don’t even know where she is,” the man said, moving closer to her.  “You will bring us quite the reward for turning you over to Lord Qualsax.”
“You’re from Qualsax?” Kyrin asked, stepping back.
“Of course.  You don’t think we’re from Valhara, do you?”
“Why are you in Valhara then?”
“We’re not, princess.  Your little walk brought you onto Qualsax land.”
One of them reached out and took her arm roughly. “Time to go visit our king.”
“No,” she said sternly.  “Let me go.”
“Or what?  You’ll bombard us with magical bunnies?” he asked, laughing.
“Magic?”
“Rumor has it, you are a magic user.  I don’t believe that though.  What I believe is you’re a weakling who hides behind the forces of Valhara.”
She pulled against the Qualsax when he started to drag her farther into the trees. “I said let me go.”
He dragged her forward fast enough that she had a hard time keeping up with him.  She couldn’t seem to pull free of his grasp, and no one was speaking to her anymore.  
When they neared the closest Qualsax city, Kyrin could see smoke coming from chimneys of houses along the edge, and her panic grew more.  She didn’t remember the Qualsax, but Alric had warned her several times about them.
“I bet King Qualsax will love this,” one of them said finally.  “He’s been waiting for this one for years.”
“Yeah, I bet he’ll love her,” another said, laughing.
“Sithias, please help me,” Kyrin whispered.
The Qualsax all turned when they heard the strong voice from behind them. “Let her go.”
Sithias watched them furiously as they let go of Kyrin and backed up.  She ran to Sithias and then turned to see the Qualsax flee into the city.
“Come, Kyrin,” Sithias said, holding out his hand.
She looked over toward the city again and then took his hand, which was warm and comforting.  The second she touched him the cold winter land faded, and they appeared in the back of Sithias’ temple in the castle, where Alric was waiting.
Alric gasped when he saw Kyrin appear with his god. “Kyrin?”
Kyrin smiled up at Sithias. “Thank you.”
He nodded and turned to Alric. “Qualsax had her.”
“Are you hurt?” he asked, rushing up to her.
“No, I called for Sithias, and he came.”
“You called for him?”
She nodded.
“Quite a nice change,” Sithias said to them.
“I didn’t mean to wander into Qualsax,” Kyrin whispered, looking down at her hands.  “I’m sorry.”
“You aren’t hurt at all?  Are you sure?” Alric asked, looking her over still.
She shook her head. “I won’t leave the castle again.  I promise.”
“You can leave the castle,” he told her.  “Maybe until you get your memory back though, you should take someone with you.”
She nodded and then looked up at him. “Do I have a weapon?”
“Yes”
“What kind?”
“A flail.”
“Where is it?”
“It’s locked in the weapon’s room for safe keeping.  Do you remember it?”
“I don’t know.  I just felt like I needed one when the Qualsax were there.”
Sithias smiled. “I do believe her memory may be returning.”
She bowed slightly to Sithias. “Thank you again for coming.”
They watched as she walked out and headed up the stairs.  Kyrin went up to find the twins.  She wasn’t sure why but she felt like she needed to make sure they were okay.  Emerisa was alone in the front room of the Lady’s chambers with the twins.
“Did you have a nice walk?” she asked, smiling as both twins ran at Kyrin.
“I was attacked by Qualsax,” Kyrin said, picking up Sedomer.
“You were?!”
“Yeah, I’m okay though.”
“Where were the knights?”
“I don’t think they thought I was going to get into trouble.  I just went for a walk, but I guess I went out too far.”
“You weren’t hurt at all?”
“No, I’m just confused,” Kyrin said, sitting down on the couch.
Emerisa joined her and picked up Ryche. “Confused about what?”
“Do they try to kidnap me often?”
“I’m not sure I would say often but sometimes, yes.”
“Have they ever succeeded?”
“No”
“What do they want exactly?”
“Just to control you.  You have some things that are highly coveted in this dimension.”
“Magic?”
“Yes, magic.”
“I can’t be the only one,” Kyrin said.
Emerisa smiled. “Well you are.  You’re also powerful enough that the entire kingdom has been reworked to keep you here.”
“What do you mean?”
“When your god, Daemionis, threatened to force you to leave permanently, Sithias stepped in.  He allowed Daemionis a temple on the outskirts of Valhara.”
“Just for me?!”
“Yes”
“All because of magic?”
“Not really.  You’re also the most knowledgeable about those Consortiums.  If they ever make it into our dimension, we’ll need you to fight them.”
Kyrin sighed. “I don’t even remember the Consortiums.”
“You will.”
“I had better take the twins up for a bath.”
“Do you want some help?”
“No, I think I got this,” Kyrin said, and then stood up and took Ryche from Emerisa.  She carried both of them up to the wash room and began filling the deep tub with warm water.
After watching them play for a few minutes, she smiled and then stripped and crawled in with them.
“Kyrin?” Alric called into the room almost 30 minutes later.
“Bathing,” she called back.
“Can I come in?”
“Sure”
Alric stepped in, and his eyes grew wide as a grin formed.  The wash room was completely soaked.  The walls, floor, and even ceiling had bubbles on them, and the floor had puddles of water across it.  
Kyrin looked over at him, just as she splashed the twins, who were laughing and splashing each other.
“Having fun?” he asked, kneeling down by the tub.
She nodded. “They were dirty.”
He looked around at the mess. “Is there any water left in the tub?”
Alric gasped when a wave of water was sent over the side of the tub at him, soaking his shirt and pants.  He stood up and looked down at Kyrin.
She grinned up at him. “Yes, there’s water in the tub.”
“Daddy!” Ryche screamed, and then began splashing him too, followed shortly by Sedomer.
“Oh no you don’t!” Alric said, and then picked both twins up and hauled them out of the wash room as they laughed.
“Hey!  That’s my backup,” Kyrin said, and scrambled out of the tub.  She slipped toward the door as she wrapped a towel around her tightly.
When she got into the bedroom, she saw that Alric had the twins pinned to a soft rug and was tickling them.  With a grin, Kyrin jumped on his back and started pulling at his arms. “Let them go!”
In one fluid movement, Alric ducked his shoulder, and she slid off of his back and was soon pinned to the floor beneath him. “I let them go.”
“Get him!” Kyrin yelled, laughing.  The twins immediately began to crawl onto Alric’s back.
Alric reached down and kissed Kyrin softly but then pulled back when she tried to tickle him. “I’m not ticklish.”
“Dang”
“You are though, aren’t you?”
“No!”  Kyrin screamed when he grabbed her sides.  Before they could protest, the room filled with knights.
Finn froze and then spun when he saw Alric and Kyrin. “Out.”
“We heard a scream,” one of the knights said, frowning.
“Out!” Finn said again, and began to push the knights out of the room.
Kyrin watched, blushing, as the twins ran at them. “Tickle Finn!”
Finn laughed at the naked twins and then shut the door behind him. “Sorry about that.”
Kyrin started to say something, but Alric kissed her again.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer.
“Ew, kisses,” Ryche said, pulling at Alric’s arm.
“Daddy, no,” Sedomer said, trying to pull Alric’s foot.
Alric looked back at the twins. “Why are you on her side now?”
Ryche put his hands on his tiny waist. “Daddy, no kisses.”
“I’m not taking orders from a naked toddler.”
“Yeah, Daddy,” Kyrin said, laughing.  “No kisses.”
Alric grinned down at her. “I’m not taking orders from a naked woman either.”
“You won’t?”
“Okay, so maybe I would.”
They both looked at the door when someone knocked.  Sedomer ran toward the door.
“Sed, no!” Alric yelled, and then started to laugh when he opened the door anyway.
One of the priests looked in at them and then turned slightly to the side. “My Lord, may I have a word with you?”
“Sure,” Alric said, standing slowly.  He glanced down at his soaking clothes and then shrugged and followed the priest out, shutting the door behind him.
Kyrin hurried and threw on pants and a tunic, and then started to get the twins dressed.  Once dressed, she headed into the wash room to start drying down the floors and walls.
“Lady Kyrin?” 
Kyrin looked over at one of the priests, who stood in the doorway. “Yeah?”
“Do you have a moment?”
“Sure,” she said, and went back to drying the floors.
“We have servants for that.”
“It’s just water.”
He looked around the wash room. “Did the tub break?”
“No, the twins and I were playing.”
“In the tub?”
“Yeah”
“Dressed?”
Kyrin stood up and faced him. “No.”
“That’s what I came to talk to you about.”
“Bathing?” she asked, tossing the towel into the corner with others.
“Yes, please come out.  It’s not proper to speak in the wash room.”
“I’m dressed.”
“Still.” He backed up and waited for her by the fire.
Kyrin came out and looked around. “Where are the twins?”
“I asked the knights to return them to Emerisa.”
“Why?”
“Because we need to speak.  Sit, please,” he said, and sat down on a chair beside the warm fire.
Kyrin hesitated, glanced at the door, and then sat down also. “So what’s wrong?”
“I know that you lost your memory and may not remember things in Valhara that are proper.”
“Okay”
“So I’m here to remind you.”
“About what, exactly?”  Kyrin wasn’t sure why, but she felt her temper rising quickly.
“About not only the princes being improperly dressed but also about you interacting with them in a playful manner while they are as such.”
“Improperly dressed?  You mean naked.”
“Yes.  Once bathed, they should immediately be re-dressed.”
“Normally I do.  Today though, we were playing.”
“As a woman, you shouldn’t have been with them in the tub.”
“Why not?  They’re not even 2-years-old.”
“That’s highly improper.”
“We were just playing!”
He smiled at her. “I’m just saying that not only is it not appropriate for them to see you without clothing but playing in such a manner is also highly frowned upon.”
Kyrin didn’t like the feeling that she was being chastised for playing with her sons. “There’s nothing wrong with what we did.”
“There are morals to consider.”
“Morals?!” she yelled.  “We had a water fight for god’s sake!  Out here playing with them, I had a towel on.”
“That’s not enough.”
She wasn’t sure from where, but a memory returned. “I’m tired of you priests telling me what is and isn’t proper!  I was reprimanded for keeping my sons cool in the summer, and I won’t be lectured about morality when playing with my own kids!”
“They are princes.”
“Princes are allowed to play too.”
“Not without clothing.”
“Get out!” Kyrin screamed, point at the door.
“Please, keep your temper down.  I’m only trying to help.”
Kyrin had an internal conflict.  There was a strong part of her that wanted to shut him up by brute force.  This part of her needed to draw blood and not to take anything else from him.  Another part looked at him differently and saw that he was only trying to help.  She’d seen nothing but kindness from Sithias’ priests, and she felt like lashing out at him might betray any relationship she had with Sithias.
She glanced back at her bedside table and saw the flail lying there.  She hadn’t realized that Alric had brought it up for her.  The pull was strong, the pull to stop the priest’s excessive nagging about proper attire and what was expected of a Lady.  He just kept rambling as she watched the flail with her hand twitching at her side.
“Therefore,” the priest continued, “what I’ve said should sway you to make better decisions on behalf of the Princes.”
Kyrin smiled slightly as she took a step toward the weapon.  The part of her that wanted to stay on good terms with Sithias was fading away to feelings of violence and an out of control urge to stop the priest from lecturing her.
“What are you doing?” the priest asked when she picked up the flail.  He’d begun to walk backwards toward the door.
She turned and looked at him with the flail gripped tightly in her hand. “I’m stopping you from rambling.”
“By force?!  You can’t!”
“I asked you to stop talking.”
“I will.  I’m only trying to help you understand.”
Words echoed through her head from the past.  The words were from the same priest as he scolded her about dressing the twins instead of stripping them in the heat.  She saw herself pack up the twins and head out into the trees to the temple.  The temple was her safe haven, and she frowned slightly as she remembered that they were going to beat her.
“Lady Kyrin?” the priest asked as he watched her.  She was now watching the ground with a confused look on her face.
“They were hot,” she whispered softly.
“Just now?  No, it’s not hot in here.”
“No, this summer,” she said, and then looked up at him.  “The twins were hot, so I stripped them.”
“Yes, which is improper.”
“You wouldn’t back off.”
“It’s my duty…”
“Why are you in here?” Alric asked, stepping into the room.  He frowned when he saw the flail in Kyrin’s hand. “Kyrin?  Are you okay?”
“I was just explaining to Lady Kyrin that it’s not respectable for her to bathe with the princes, nor is it proper to wrestle with them,” the priest said.
“Kyrin?” Alric said again, putting his hand out.  “Can I have that?”
“Then she started talking about attacking me to stop the lecture.”
“Hand me the flail,” Alric said softly, and then took it from her as she looked around the room.
“Even as toddlers, those boys should not see their mother without clothing.”
“Get out,” Alric said to the priest.
“Well it’s not appropriate!  She was in nothing but a towel as they were wrestling on the floor.”
“I said get out,” Alric told him sternly.  The priest nodded and then left quickly.
“He… it was hot, and the twins were suffering.”
Alric nodded. “This summer, yes.”
She looked up at Alric, confused. “I don’t think I feel well.”
“It’s your memories coming back.  Why don’t you lie down?” he asked, putting the flail down beside her.
She nodded and then laid down on the bed. “Was it wrong to bathe with them?”
He smiled. “No, they’re too young for it to matter.”
“We were just…”
“I know what you were doing.  You were having a water fight.”
She sighed. “I’m so confused.”
“It’ll come back to you.”
“My head hurts,” she whispered, and then rolled onto her side.
Alric watched her as she napped and the twins played on the floor beside the fire.  He took that opportunity to decide how to best address the priests and how they handled Kyrin.  He didn’t see that what she’d done was so bad but also understood that it hadn’t been done before, and the priests were only trying to help.
Her ways were all foreign to them and maybe seemed a bit improper, but he saw no reason to correct it.  Nothing she’d done would harm the twins and nothing she’d done could be considered abusive.
By the time Kyrin woke up, Alric had decided to talk to his staff and the priests and to make sure that no one spoke to Kyrin about anything, unless he approved it.  That would alleviate her attacking the priests, and he could fend off anything he felt wasn’t worth fighting over.
When she saw him watching, Kyrin smiled. “I remember.”
“Everything?”
She propped up on one arm. “I think so.”
“That’s good news.”
“Except now I need to face Daemionis.”
“Why’s that?”
“I need to see if he’s mad how I… damn.”
“What?”
“I went to Sithias for help,” she sighed.
“He’ll understand.”
“That’s not his strong suit.”
“You didn’t remember!  How can he punish you for that?”
“I don’t know, but he will.”




Chapter 7

Kyrin glanced over as the 3-year-olds played with a wooden horse in the corner of her room at the temple.  She was relaxing back on the bed and waiting for the eunuchs to stop flogging each other long enough to have a meeting.  She still wasn’t sure why one of them was always being beaten, but she didn’t want to interrupt.
Daemionis had orders though, and she had to meet with all of the Keepers to relay them.  Erianah had backed off since her attack on Kazhik’s Eve, and Kyrin kept far from Qualsax too.  Emerisa and Finn had moved back into their home when her memory finally fully returned, and since then, the priests had backed off also.
Kyrin sat up when there was a knock at the door. “Come in.”
One of the eunuchs opened the door and then stood aside.
“Come with me,” Kyrin said to the twins, who headed out the door after her.  The Keepers were already gathered and waiting for her.
Kyrin stood in front of them and fidgeted nervously.  She couldn’t understand how Alric had no problems addressing large groups of people, but she hated to be the center of attention, even in a small group.
She cleared her throat before talking. “Daemionis feels that you all have nothing to do here.  No real purpose, I guess.  He wants to start shifting novice Keepers through here for you to train.”
They all watched her intently.
“They… well… they are to stay down here and sleep in this main room on the floor.  They are to be treated with no respect and given a firm hand, understood?” 
The Keepers nodded at her.
“Our Lord is going to send the first batch tomorrow, though we’re supposed to keep it from anyone native to Paragoy.  Daemionis wants them all trained in three weeks, and then he will evaluate to see if the job was done correctly.”
She nodded when no one reacted. “I guess prepare for their arrival then.  I’m heading back to the castle for the twins’ naps.”
They again didn’t move, so she took the twins’ hands and headed out.  Her horse was waiting, and she put both of the twins on its back before mounting behind them.  She started out at a slow walk.  One hand was wrapped around the twins, while the other held the reins.  
It was much faster getting between the castle and the temple on horse and made the heat of the day less.  When they arrived, one of the farriers came and took the horse, and she headed inside for the twins’ nap.  
The heat was still worse on the top floors, so she opted to let them nap in the Lady’s chambers.  She laid down with them, deciding she would get up as soon as they fell asleep.
Alric walked up the stairs when he heard that Kyrin was back.  One of the knights pointed him into the Lady’s chamber, and he peeked in long enough to see Kyrin asleep on the bed with the twins.  
He wanted to talk to Kyrin about rumors Sithias heard about additional members of Daemionis joining this dimension, but he decided to wait until she was awake.  He figured she’d be less tired after a nap, and the conversation might go smoother.
Alric quietly backed out of the room and went down to his office.
A couple of hours later, Kyrin sat up when one of the twins picked her hand up and dropped it.  She smiled at Ryche. “Sleep well?”
The 3-year-old nodded. “Sed?”
She looked over and saw that Sedomer was still asleep.  She put her finger to her lips. “Shhh.  He’s sleeping.”
“Sed!” Ryche yelled.
Sedomer began to stir and then looked up.
“Nice, Ryche,” Kyrin said, pulling Sedomer onto her lap.  She kissed his sweaty forehead lightly and then yawned and looked around the room.
Ryche crawled off of the bed and ran across the floor, disappearing out the door.
Sedomer crawled off of Kyrin’s lap, and they headed out after him.  Kyrin saw Ryche disappear up the stairs, so she picked Sedomer up and ran up after him.  She walked in just as Ryche was picking a book up off of the floor.
He turned and held the book out to her. “Read.”
She took the book and frowned. “You want me to read?”
“Story, yay!” Sedomer yelled, and then sat in front of the fire.  Ryche smiled and sat down next to him, and both looked up at her expectantly.
Kyrin opened the book and looked down at the words.  They all looked like jumbled scratches. “Well.”
“Go, Mommy,” Ryche told her.
“Can I just tell you a story?”
Sedomer shook his head. “Pictures, Mommy.”
She turned to the door and debated asking if Finn could read them a story, and then a word popped into her head, and she smiled. “Come with me.  I’ll show you a story.”
They both followed her out the door and down the stairs to the orchard.  It was cooler in the shade of the apple trees, and when Kyrin got down on the ground and laid on her back, the twins did the same.
Sedomer leaned up against Kyrin, and Ryche put his head on her shoulder as she rubbed her hands above her and said, “Ambrozia.”
An image appeared above them, and the twins fell silent as pictures began to form into moving people.  Kyrin concentrated harder and the images finally cleared to show a lush grassland with men working the fields.
“A long long time ago, the dimensions were just like here in Paragoy,” she said as the pictures changed.  Children ran through fields as they played sword fighting with sticks. “There was water, and food, and everyone was pretty much happy.”
Suddenly, the scene changed and a battlefield was shown with magic flying in every direction and dead bodies could be seen everywhere. “Rumor has it, a magic war started.  The magic users went up against the melee fighters, because the fighters said that magic was draining the dimensions of life.”
The twins were mystified by the scene and barely moved as it changed above them.
“The fighters eventually won, but the damage was done,” Kyrin told them.  The image showed a desolate land with dry, scorched stream beds and dead trees. “The fighters blamed the magic users, and magic was deemed illegal.  Any magic user they found was to be put to death immediately.”
Kyrin looked over long enough to see that Alric had joined them on the ground.  Without a word, he looked up at the images and laid back.
When she looked up at the images again, large armies of armed men in plate mail were marching across dead wastelands. “The fighters formed what are known as Consortiums, or groups.  Each group has a purpose, and each group is feared in their own right.  The Clemency Consortium claims to uphold the laws, including making sure that magic is gone forever.”
“The Shadowmere’s main purpose is to train a highly skilled army that can someday wipe out the other Consortiums and thereby rule the dimensions.”  The image shifted to a group of training warriors, who were in bloody battles to the death.  They watched for a moment as one-by-one the warriors died off, leaving just two more.  Their fight lasted longer than the rest, and they seemed equally matched.
“The Nosata,” Kyrin said, watching the pictures change to the scene of someone digging up a grave, “are the undead collectors.  They steal bodies and bring them back to life as minions.  They want to serve the Clemency, but the Clemency is afraid of them.  What they do borders on magic but has been deemed safe… for now.”
When the scene faded and reappeared, a figure in a dark cloak was walking down a back alley.  Anyone he encountered got out of the way nervously. “The Dieb Consortium is home to the rogues.  Their leader, Kagan, used to be one of the Nosata but used his talents to steal, murder, and pillage, all in the name of justice.  The Clemency overlooks these exploits because they use the Dieb’s services to their advantage.”
Alric considered ordering the twins away when an auction appeared with a woman bound to a cross and a man out in front taking bids on her.  “Kyrin.”
“I’m editing,” she told him, and then continued.  “The Goshirin Consortium focuses on the wife trade market.  There are water trades for women, because they aren’t people, they are a commodity.  They have so much water from trading wives, that the Clemency often raids their compound and always finds enough infractions that the Goshirin have to pay them in water and wives.”
An orphanage appeared, full of crying children who were obviously malnourished and sick. “The Stryker Consortium is where I grew up.  Their followers are known as the priests of Stryker, and they manage the orphanages of the Kyrstalis Dimension.  They are combined with the Goshirin Consortium and make sure that pretty female children are sold into slavery for good prices.”
“This is getting a little mature for the boys,” Alric whispered.  He couldn’t pull his eyes away from the harsh conditions of the orphanage as one bigger boy backhanded a little blonde girl to the floor for sleeping too close to him.
“Oh, okay,” Kyrin said, and then she waved her hand, and a rain cloud appeared.  “Rumors say that someday, the rains will return.  The complete obliteration of magic from the dimensions will bring the water back, and the dimensions will again have food and enough to drink.  It isn’t until every ounce of magic is gone though, that that will happen.”
When the picture faded, Alric propped himself up on one elbow as the twins ran off to play nearby. “Is that why they’re so anxious to get rid of you?”
Kyrin nodded. “Part of it.  I’m one of the last magic users, and they know that magic users produce magic users.  The other reason is because I was paid for as a wife, and then got away.”
“Mika”
“Right”
“I hadn’t heard you talk about some of those Consortiums before.  How many are there?”
“When I left Kyrstalis, there were 11, but I heard a few years back that there’s a 12th now.”
“Are they all after you?”
She smiled slightly. “Yes.  The Clemency and the Shadowmere are the largest and most aggressive, and both of them want me.  The other Consortiums could gain a lot of favor turning me over.”
“Sithias mentioned something to me.”
“What’s that?”
“Shutting down Paragoy from outsiders permanently.”
Kyrin looked over at him. “So, no portals?  Ever?”
“It’s an option.  He and Erianah talked about it a few hundred years ago but decided that if the drought ever did hit here, we may need portals to survive.”
“It’s too dangerous to close Paragoy off.”
“Not as dangerous as the Consortiums coming here.”
“I just need to try to take out Mika.  If Mika wasn’t in the picture, they may back off.”
“It sounds to me like Mika would be too protected for you to take on alone,” Alric said.
“I don’t like the idea of being trapped here with no portals.”
“Would it be that bad?”
“Yes”
He smiled. “I told Sithias you wouldn’t go for that.”
“Before that happened, I would shift out permanently.”
“You would?”
“Yes.  If I wasn’t here, the Consortiums wouldn’t try to get in, and they wouldn’t have to seal the dimension.”
“They would though.  Sithias said that everyone knows Paragoy has water.  It’s just that no one can figure out how to get here.  Even if you leave, they will eventually find us.  With you here though, we have a fighting chance.”
“I don’t see it that way.”
“I know you don’t.  Why do you think Sithias allowed Daemionis a temple here?  We need you.”
Kyrin turned onto her elbow to face him. “Why’s that?”
“We have the melee, but magic puts us at an advantage.  Do you realize that after some research, Sithias discovered that you are the last known living magic user?”
“The last?”
“So far as he can tell.  Your magic and knowledge of the Consortiums puts us at an advantage.  If they do attack, we’ll take care of the face-to-face fighting, and you’ll help with magic.”
“I’m not sure this is worth talking about.  Sithias has the portals blocked.”
“Except that you got in.”
“I got in while the portals were blocked?”
“The first time, yes.  Since then, he’s opened it for you to return.”
“How did I get in?”
“That’s what Sithias wants to know.”
She shrugged. “I saw a door, grabbed the key, and the portal opened.”
Alric glanced over Kyrin’s shoulder and smiled. “Ryche, what did you find?”
When Kyrin looked over at the toddler, she gasped and scrambled to her feet. “No, Ryche!”
Alric sat up and watched as Kyrin scooped up the toddler and tore something out of his hand.
“What’s wrong?” Alric asked.
“No, Mommy,” Ryche said, struggling to get out of her arms.  “I go.”
“No!” she said sternly, and then reached down and took Sedomer’s hand.
“I go!”
“Not while I’m alive,” she said, and then started back for Alric.
“What’s wrong?” Alric asked again when he saw how upset Kyrin was.
“He opened a portal.”
“What?!”
She nodded, still shaking. “He found a key and opened a portal.  Then he was heading through it.”
“I go there,” Ryche said, pointing behind Kyrin.
Alric took Sedomer and looked to where Ryche was pointing. “What do you see over there, Sed?”
He looked. “Trees.”
“No door?”
Sedomer shook his head.
“Mommy, I go!” Ryche said again.
Kyrin put Ryche on the ground and took his shoulders.  She looked into his eyes. “Never… never go through a door like that.  Do you hear me?!”
He nodded, eyes wide.
She shook him slightly. “You stay away from those doors!”
“Kyrin,” Alric said, taking her arm.  “He didn’t know.”
Kyrin stood and began to drag the 3-year-old into the castle, followed by Alric and Sedomer.
Ryche looked back longingly at the portal and then sighed when it shut. “All gone.”
Once inside, Kyrin picked Ryche up and started down the stairs into the dungeon.
“Why are we taking the kids down there?” Alric asked, picking Sedomer up.
She couldn’t answer.  She was too mad and was filled with a panic at the thought of her 3-year-old out in the dimensions.  
Kyrin stopped at Naylor’s cell. “Get up.”
He looked up from the cot, took a drink of water, and then moved to the bars. “What?”
“Can you take the shifting ability away from someone?”
He looked shocked. “Why would you do that?”
“Just answer me.”
“Tell me first.”
“Naylor”
Naylor smiled at Ryche. “Is he yours?”
“Answer me, Naylor!”
“He’s pretty for a boy.  I guess he ain’t yours, or you’d be kicked out of here by now.”
“Focus, Naylor!  Can you take the shifting ability away?” Kyrin asked again.
He shrugged. “I don’t know.  I’ve never heard of it being tried.”
“Fine, I’ll ask Daemionis,” she said, and carried Ryche up the stairs.
Alric finally put Sedomer down once they were in the foyer, and then he stopped Kyrin. “You’re going to Daemionis?”
“Yes.  I have to find out how to protect him.”
“Sithias can protect him.”
“Not if he shifts out of here!  Daemionis will know if there’s a way.”
Alric glanced down at his son and then nodded. “Just don’t call him in here, please.”
Kyrin started for the door. “I’ll call him from the temple.”
Alric watched her leave and then headed up the stairs with the twins.
Kyrin ran to the temple.  It helped burn off angry energy and gave her a few minutes to think about what to do if Ryche was to shift out of the dimension.  If she wasn’t able to go through the exact same portal, there were an infinite number of possibilities of where he could end up.  
Finding him would be next to impossible, but a lost child would get no help from adults either.  He would be left to fend for himself and would eventually die.
Kyrin walked up the stairs and into the temple as screams started.  She stopped and watched the Keepers beating another man who was hanging from the shackles.  He had hair and could form words, so she realized it was the trainee, and he hadn’t been properly set up as a Keeper yet.
One of the Keepers walked up to Kyrin.
“Did he do something wrong?” Kyrin asked him, motioning to the new guy.
The Keeper shook his head.
“Is he going to be made a eunuch too?”
He nodded.
“Well, I need to talk to Daemionis, and I can’t do it with him screaming.”
The eunuch thought for a moment and then walked up and slipped a gag onto the man being flogged.  Kyrin shrugged and called out for her god.
When the demon appeared, everyone in the room dropped to their knees, except of course, for the man in the shackles.
Daemionis walked up to the man in restraints and touched some of the blood dripping from his back.  He hungrily brought his bloody finger to his tongue and then turned. “Why was I asked to come here?”
Kyrin spoke softly. “Sir… my son… he’s a shifter.”
The sound of the demon’s hooves on the wooden floor echoed through the castle as he walked. “Are you certain?”
“Yes.  It’s Ryche.  He picked up a portal key and then tried to get through the portal.”
“The other boy?”
“He couldn’t see the doorway.”
“This complicates things,” Daemionis said, pacing.  “We cannot have your children in the dimensions.  If he possesses magic, then we lose that when he dies.”
She nodded, somewhat angry how Daemionis was more worried about losing Ryche’s possible magic than her losing a son. “Sir, can shifting be removed from someone?” 
“You mean to make it so he no longer has the ability?”
“Yes”
“No, it can’t.  It’s in his blood, just as it’s in yours.”
“So what can we do?”
“Sithias may need to block all portals from the inside until the boy is older.”
“Then I won’t be able to shift if there’s a problem.”
“You will have to deal with it at that time.  We can’t have the child leaving Paragoy.”
“There’s no other way?” she asked, looking up at him.
“No.  Speak to Sithias and inform him to block the portals.”
She winced. “You want me to talk to him?”
“I don’t want to talk to him.  He bores me.”
“Okay, I will talk to him about it.”
Daemionis grinned. “I don’t mean you asking that worthless king to talk to Sithias.  I want you to speak to him.”
Her heart skipped a beat, but she nodded.
Daemionis disappeared, and everyone stood up.  It was only seconds later when they heard the front door slam shut.
Kyrin spun. “Who was at the door?”
The Keeper beside her shrugged.
She ran to the door and looked out just as a dark figure disappeared into the trees.
“It’s those bloody Qualsax,” Kyrin said.  She took off running after him, followed by two of the Keepers, who were armed with staffs.
Even without her boots she was slowly catching up to the warrior.  Weighted down by heavy plate mail, the warrior wasn’t able to run as fast as Kyrin was.  The Keepers had fallen behind though, but she knew they would catch up eventually.  Time as a Keeper slowed them down because they rarely left the temple.
As she neared him, she drew her flail and then screamed out, “Stop or I’ll kill you there.”
He didn’t slow or even acknowledge that he heard her.
Kyrin brought her hands together and sent a bolt of lightning in his direction.  He dodged to the left and lightning struck a nearby tree, singeing the bark.
She changed course and tried again, this time missing him by only an inch when he jerked to the side.  It was odd how the Qualsax seemed to know how to avoid magic.  Those in the past she’d fought didn’t know anything about it and wouldn’t have known how to avoid incoming missile fire.
In a small clearing, the man stopped and turned to Kyrin when she ran up.  She froze and then took a step back when one of Mika’s leading Shadowmere faced her.
“Welsh?” she whispered.
“Long time no see, Kyrin.”  He drew his sword and then looked to the side when three more Shadowmere came out of the trees.
“How did you get in here?” she asked, gripping her flail tighter.
“That doesn’t matter.  What does matter is that you’re living in luxury when you should be dead or imprisoned.  That’s not fair, as far as we can see.”
The two Keepers joined her, staffs ready.
Welsh smiled. “The fabled Paragoy isn’t safe anymore.  We’ve figured out how to get in here, and it’s only a matter of time before the Consortiums take over.  You, of course, won’t know that though.  You aren’t going to make it out of here alive.”
Kyrin’s hands met the second the Keepers advanced on the Shadowmere.  Their staffs couldn’t hold up against the hard steel of the swords, but Kyrin was able to start throwing electrical bolts at the Shadowmere, who blocked most of them with their shields.  
One Keeper fell unconscious almost immediately, and Kyrin figured out that she was going to have to fight them in melee, because they kept blocking her spells.
She was met head-on by Welsh, and she wrapped the chains of her flail around the hilt on his sword and jerked back but wasn’t able to disarm him.  He roared and aimed for her neck, but she dodged backward, barely avoiding being decapitated.
Seeing one of the Shadowmere in battle with the remaining Keeper, Kyrin moved back to him and touched the Shadowmere on the back.  The bolt of electricity flew out of her hand and connected directly with his heart, dropping him instantly to the forest floor.
“You’ll pay for that!” Welsh yelled, and advanced on Kyrin again.
“I’ll make sure Mika gets your head,” she said, out of breath.  It’d been too long since she was in an actual fight, and she hadn’t realized she was getting out of practice.
“Oh, I’m sure Mika wants parts of you too.”
Kyrin’s hands touched again as her anger grew.  
“Cast all you want.  We sent a messenger back to Mika with how we got into this place.  Your cushy life is over.”
Just as she drew her hand back to throw a bolt of electricity at him, one of the Shadowmere sent his sword through her from behind, and she felt the white-hot searing through her stomach.  She looked down at the tip of his blade protruding through her abdomen, and she slowly sunk to her knees.
The spell was already formed, and she was able to hit both of them before falling to the cold ground of the forest.  
The Keeper ran up to her and dropped to his knees as she coughed blood and gripped her stomach.
“Get Alric,” she managed to pant.
He looked over her once more and saw that she had blood pouring out of the side of her mouth.  He stood quickly and ran toward the castle.

***

“She didn’t!” Finn said, laughing.
Alric nodded. “Showed the boys all about the Consortiums, and I’d imagine she didn’t hold back.”
“That’s great!”
“I hope they don’t remember is all.  We’ll tell them when they’re older.  They were fascinated by the images though.  I didn’t know she could do that.”
“She probably didn’t know she could do that,” Finn said, still grinning.  “From what I’ve gathered, she just says words that pop into her head, and they sometimes fill a need.”
“Yeah, well it’s the other times that make me nervous.”
Finn walked over to the door when someone knocked.  He opened it and one of the knights bowed. “Sir, there’s a problem at the front doors with one of those eunuchs.”
Alric nodded. “See if you can find Kyrin.”
“We tried that, but she’s not in the castle.”
“I’ll go see,” Finn said, starting out of the room.
“I’ll go too.  It may take all of us to figure out what he wants.”
“It’d be helpful if they could talk.”
Finn and Alric started down the stairs.  They saw the eunuch at the front doors, still gripping his damaged staff.
Alric walked up to him. “Why are you armed?”
The Keeper moved back and motioned the king to follow.
“I’m not going with you,” Alric told him.
“His staff has seen battle,” Finn said as he looked at it closely.
“What do you want?” Alric asked him.
The eunuch again motioned for them to follow.
“You know, if I didn’t know better, this damage is fairly recent,” Finn said, bending down to look at the staff.
“Were you fighting?” Alric asked the Keeper.
He nodded and frantically waved for them to follow.
Finn stood up and studied him. “What’s on your robe?”
Alric looked closer and saw a dark stain. “Is that blood?”
The eunuch nodded and then turned and ran for the trees.
“Wait!  Whose blood is that?” Alric asked, following him.
“You four, come,” Finn said to the closest knights, and then set out after them.
Alric kept up with the Keeper and was starting to get irritated at how slow he ran.  It wasn’t until they neared the clearing that Alric saw the bodies and sped up, passing the eunuch.
He stopped at the first body and took in the quiet scene.  No one was moving.  There was blood saturating the ground, and the peacefulness of what he was seeing betrayed the harshness of the reality.  Finally seeing Kyrin off to the side, Alric ran to her and knelt down.
He rolled her over as blood poured from her mouth. “Kyrin?  Can you hear me?”
Finn joined him and felt her neck. “She has a pulse.”
“She’s not breathing though.”
Alric put her on the ground and began trying to heal the gaping wound in her abdomen.  Finn bent down and tried to blow air into her lungs.
After a few seconds, Finn looked over at Alric.  His hands were glowing brightly, but the wound was healing too slowly.  He checked and saw that one of the knights had already gone to get a priest, so he went back to helping Kyrin breathe.
“Come on, Kyrin,” Alric whispered, and then concentrated harder on healing.
One of the priests joined them minutes later and instantly began to heal Kyrin beside Alric.  His hands shook slightly as he looked at the lifeless way Kyrin’s eyes were unfocused and staring into nothing.
Finn felt her neck again. “Still beating, slowly.”
Even the priest was having a hard time closing off the deep wound.  It worried them that it had stopped bleeding, and that Kyrin had turned a deathly pale.
Finn reached down again and forced another breath into her lungs.
When the wound finally closed off, Alric sat back and looked around at the carnage.  He saw three dead men in armor and a dead eunuch.  The sword that had been plunged into Kyrin was lying beside her, and he couldn’t help but notice that her blood was starting to dry on the blade.
Alric looked up when he heard footsteps and saw Dewell run into the clearing.  He dropped down beside the other priest and immediately went to work.
The living Keeper was pacing nervously and watched the Valharans try to save Daemionis’ prized magic user.  It was obvious from how he moved that there would be harsh punishments if she was to die.
“I’m not getting a heartbeat anymore,” Finn whispered.
Alric looked over at him and felt for himself. “Keep breathing.”
Finn nodded and gave her another breath as Alric began to push on her chest.  The Valharan scientists had theorized this as a way to try to revive someone who was dead, but as far as Alric knew, no one had ever tried it before.
Dewell finally sat back. “That’s all we can do.”
The other priest stood and went to check on the others in the clearing.
Alric felt Kyrin’s neck and whispered, “Her pulse is back.”
Finn went to give another breath but stopped and put his ear to her mouth. “She’s breathing.”
Dewell moved to her head and leaned down. “Not enough.  That’s too shallow.”
“The rest of them are dead,” the priest said, coming up to them, “and, sir?  They aren’t from Qualsax.”
Alric looked up at him and frowned. “Then who are they?”
Finn walked over to the closest. “They’re Shadowmere.”
“Are you certain?”
He nodded.
The Keeper walked up to Finn and held up one finger.
“I don’t understand.”
He pointed to the three dead Shadowmere and held up four fingers, and then dropped three of them.
“There’s still one alive?” Finn asked angrily.
The Keeper nodded.
“Get knights out here,” Alric ordered.  “I want him alive.”
“Can we move her?” Finn asked.
Dewell was running his hands along her neck. “Not yet.  I want to make sure we don’t paralyze her or anything.”
“Tell me as soon as we can,” Alric said.  “I don’t want her out here if there’s a Shadowmere on the loose.”
Finn turned to one of the knights. “I want these bodies brought back.  I want their armor studied and their weapons analyzed.  Tell me everything you can find out about them.”
They nodded and then began dragging the bodies roughly toward the castle.
Dewell finally stood up. “We can move her now.  I want to check often though.  I’m not convinced she’s going to keep breathing on her own.”
Alric tenderly picked her up and then started for the castle, followed by Finn, the two priests, and two watchful knights.  
Saith was waiting in the castle for them. “I heard part of what happened.”
Dewell walked up to him. “High Priest, it was a sword that went from her back into her abdomen.  She lost a lot of blood and quit breathing.  We even lost her heart beat for a little while.  We’ve healed all we can, but I suspect there might be more damage.”
Saith started up the stairs with them. “Let’s get her into bed then, and we’ll both try again.”
“We need to let Sithias know that the Shadowmere are in Paragoy,” Alric told him.
Saith gasped. “They are?!”
“Yes, one of them is still alive.  When I get him, I’ll find out how.”
“Dewell, relay that information to Sithias,” Saith ordered.
Dewell hesitated and then ran off.
Once Kyrin was laid down in bed, Saith tore open her tunic and began to press firmly on her abdomen. “There’s still some internal bleeding.  How long was she without help?”
Alric watched them. “We aren’t sure.”
Saith’s hands began to glow as he pressed firmly onto her stomach.  Alric started to pace and then picked Ryche up when he came out from his nap.  
Kyrin gasped just as Saith removed his hands.  He touched her shoulder lightly. “Kyrin?  Can you hear me?”
Her mouth moved, but no sound came out.  
“Do you need anything?”
Alric was afraid to approach her.  She looked fragile and close to death, so he just watched Saith.
She managed to nod slightly.
“What do you need?” he asked, bending closer.
Saith listened carefully when she whispered something too softly for Alric to hear.
He sat straight. “Alric’s right here.”
Alric moved over and knelt by the bed. “What do you need?”
“Welsh,” she whispered softly.
Alric looked up at Saith, who shrugged.
“What’s a welsh?” Alric asked her.
“Shadowmere”
“We already know they’re here.”
Kyrin coughed slightly, and more blood trailed out of her mouth.
Alric looked up at Saith, who was already putting his glowing hands against her.  When he moved his hands away, her breathing smoothed.
“Put her in a healing trance,” Alric told him.
“I hesitate to do that.  She’s too close to death.”
Alric simply nodded.
They both turned when they heard something behind them and saw Sithias appear.  Saith dropped to his knees, and Alric stayed on his but took Kyrin’s hand.
“Do we have one alive?” Sithias asked as he watched Kyrin.
“Not yet, but we’re out looking for the one that survived,” Alric explained.
“I was with Erianah when this happened.  There was no breach, and she didn’t allow them to enter.”
“Then how can they get in?”
“I will find out,” Sithias said angrily.  “I’ve protected this dimension from outside evils for centuries, and I won’t have them here now.”
“We’ll let you know the second we find him.”
Sithias leaned down and looked into Kyrin’s drawn face. “Has she woken up?”
“Yes, long enough to warn us.”
“I don’t like the sound of her breathing.”
Saith smiled crookedly. “We’re just glad she’s breathing at all.  She stopped for a while.”
Alric gasped when Sithias reached under Kyrin and gently picked her up.
“I will take her to my home,” the god said, looking down at Kyrin.
Alric nodded. “Yes, my Lord.”
He smiled. “I’ll heal her.  She will be okay.”
“You will?”  Alric and Saith had rarely ever seen Sithias heal anyone.  He considered death to be a part of living and left any healing up to his followers.  Anything beyond their abilities, he believed to be the normal path of life.
Sithias nodded. “Yes, I will heal her.”
He shimmered and finally disappeared.
“Wow,” Saith said, shocked.
Alric looked at him. “I’ve never seen that.”
“Neither have I.  It scares me though.”
“Why?”
“It means he needs her, which means the dimension is in jeopardy.”
Alric nodded and then headed down to see how the hunt for the Shadowmere was going.  The three dead Shadowmere were set off on the front lawn.  Finn, Dewell, a historian, and a blacksmith were going over the bodies and all of their equipment.
“Grip this,” Finn said when the king walked up.  He then handed Alric a long-sword.
Alric took it and swung it a bit. “This is light.”
“Very light.  Our weapons are heavy and take longer to swing than theirs.”
“What else are we finding?” Alric asked, dropping the sword to the ground.
“Their armor is sturdy but thinner than ours, and the craftsmanship is like nothing we’ve seen,” the blacksmith said.
“And the men?”
Dewell looked up at him. “Well-muscled but dehydrated, which will slow them down a bit.  They seem well fed but are covered in scars and wounds.  This one on the left has a growth on his neck that was months from cutting off his spinal cord.”
“So not a lot of medicine.  The well fed has me worried.”
Finn tossed a pouch off to the side as he slipped off the Shadowmere’s breast plate to examine.
Alric took the pouch and opened it.  He dropped a few gold coins onto the grass and then pulled out a folded parchment.  He opened it and saw a drawing of Kyrin with an odd symbol beneath it. “Did you see this?”
Finn took the picture. “No, what’s the writing?”
“My guess is a bounty.”
Finn sat back. “Well, so this is how I see it.  Their armor would hold up well against their light weight swords, but I’m not sure it would hold up against one of our heavy ones.  In comparison, their swords are lighter and faster, but our armor is denser, and my guess is that would give us the advantage.”
Alric looked at the blacksmith. “Can you clean up this armor and try to get it back into pristine condition?”
“I can try.”
“Do it.  I want to outfit some knights with it and see if Finn’s right about it.”
“And the bodies?” Finn asked, standing up.
“Bury them. We’ll show them that in Valhara, we are civil.”




Chapter 8

“Still no word?” Finn asked as Alric walked up.
“Nothing”
“I’d think after two weeks she’d be healed enough to return.”
“I trust Sithias to do what’s best for her,” Alric said, turning to the two knights before him.  “How does that armor feel?”
“I don’t like it, sir.  It feels too thin to do any good,” the closest knight replied.
“Well, let’s see how it holds up against ours.”
“You two, you’re up,” Finn said, motioning to two fully outfitted Valharan knights.  “We need to see how this goes, so don’t hold back.  We have two priests in case you get hurt.”
“Yes, sir,” they all said, and then faced each other.
Finn and Alric moved back and studied the differences in weapons and armor from the Shadowmere, as opposed to theirs.
“Advance,” Finn called out.  The two sets of knights moved in to attack.
Alric and Finn watched, horrified, as the two knights in Shadowmere gear proceeded to quickly take down the two in Valharan armor.  The priests rushed forward to heal the injured knights.
Alric turned to Finn. “Well.”
“Damn”
“That puts us at a huge disadvantage.”
“Unless we can replicate that armor in the next month.”
One of the knights in Shadowmere armor came up to them. “Sir?”
Alric looked at him.
“This light weight armor is actually really nice.”
“We saw.”
“With the weapons that light weight too… wow.”
Finn sighed. “Get out of it and see if the blacksmiths can replicate it.”
“Yes, Captain.”
Alric and Finn turned to the side when the gold shimmer started.  They fell to their knees as Sithias appeared ahead of them.  He turned to look behind him, and Kyrin’s faded image appeared and slowly formed.  She was in a white fur cloak and was fully healed.
“Kyrin,” Alric said, and ran to her.  He wrapped his arms around her and looked at Sithias. “Thank you, my Lord.”
Sithias smiled. “I have learned a lot from her in our time together.”
“Such as?”
“More about the Consortiums.  She’s full of valuable information.”
“Are you okay then?” Alric asked, standing back to look at her.
She nodded and then smiled at Sithias and headed in to see the twins.
“Did you find the missing Shadowmere?”
“Yes, my Lord.  Then he killed himself just before being captured,” Alric told him.  “We’ve learned about their armor and weapons though, and we’re going to be in trouble, unless we can duplicate it.”
“Is it that far advanced?”
“Yes, sadly.”
“Erianah and I feel like we don’t have much time.  If we can’t close off the portals permanently, the Consortiums will be here soon.”
“I know.  My blacksmiths are working with the armor.  I’ll send some to the elves to see if they make anything like it.”
“Let me know.  We have decided that in two months’ time, we will be required to close off Paragoy forever,” Sithias told him.
“If we do that, Kyrin will leave,” Alric said.
“I know.  I tried to sway her decision but had no luck.  We’ll have to address that when the time comes.”
Alric nodded and watched Sithias disappear.
“I’m going to go see how she’s doing,” Alric said, and ran inside.  He could hear Sedomer laughing from their room before he even arrived.  Kyrin had him pinned to the bed and was tickling him.
“Daddy!” Ryche said, putting his hands up for his dad.
Alric picked him up and smiled at Kyrin. “It’s good to have you back.”
“It’s good to be back.  Sithias’ palace is uncomfortable.”
“Why’s that?”
“It’s too… I don’t know… clean?  Perfect?  Good?”
Alric chuckled and sat down. “I’ve been there, and I loved it.”
“Well, it’s just good to be back.”
“He spoke to you about closing off Paragoy?”
“Yes, and my decision stands.  I can’t stay in a place that I can’t shift out of.”
“Is it honestly that hard to imagine a peaceful existence here with me?”
“It’s more than that.”
“Tell me.”
“I can’t just stay here forever.”
“Why not?” Alric asked, truly trying to understand.
“I just can’t.  It’s not natural to be trapped in one place.”
He smiled. “Some of us think the opposite.”
“If Sithias shuts the dimension, I have to leave.”
“It’s Daemionis isn’t it?  If Sithias closes off the dimension, then Daemionis will be cut off from you.”
“You don’t know what he’s capable of.”
“I can only imagine.  Did you tell Sithias your thoughts on that?”
Kyrin nodded. “Yes, and he’s pretty sure he can keep me away from Daemionis.”
“But you don’t believe him.”
“Every god thinks they can outdo or out fight other gods.  They all assume they are the strongest.  I can’t allow Sithias to talk me into staying only to find out that he’s weaker than Daemionis, and my soul is his when I die.”
“If we can’t stop the Shadowmere, it poses a risk to all of Paragoy not to close off the dimension.”
“Don’t get me wrong,” Kyrin said, cuddling Sedomer.  “You will have to close it off.  You can’t take on all of the Consortiums, and what you have here would soon look like the dimensions if they take over.”
“So you think we should?”
“Yes, I do.  Ryche is a shifter now.  It would be safer for him and safer for you and Sedomer also not to have to fight the Clemency or the Shadowmere.”
“What’s safer for you?”
“Running,” she said, looking out the window.  When she spoke, her voice was distant, “I’ll always run.  I don’t have a choice.”
“So that’s it?  You’ve resigned yourself to leaving here forever when we close off the dimension?”
“I don’t have a choice,” she whispered again.
“You have nothing but choices.”  Alric stood up and walked out with Ryche.
Kyrin watched him go and sighed.
“Where he go?” Sedomer asked.
“To think.”
“I go?”
“Sure,” she said, and watched him run out of the room.
When she was alone, she laid back and looked up at the ceiling.  She could hear the knights patrolling the stairs, and the smell of fresh bread came up from the kitchens.  Never had she imagined there was a place like Paragoy, where there was food and people were happy.  Leaving there would be the hardest thing she could imagine, but she’d sworn her soul to Daemionis and knew that her short time shifting was nothing compared to an eternity in his care.
She looked up when there was a knock on the door. “Come in.”
Finn entered and smiled. “Want to get out of here?”
“And do what?” she asked, propping herself up on her elbows.
“Seek out the lost treasure of the K.T.V. Pirates.”
“The what?”
He walked over toward her. “The infamous K.T.V. Pirates.”
“I don’t get more of a description than that?”
“Intrigued?”
“Just tell me,” she said, sitting up.
“Okay, the K.T.V. Pirates were black… erm… shadow elf pirates who once stole the Valharan crowns.  They were replaced, obviously, but it’s always been a fantasy of mine to return the crowns and anything else they might have taken.”
“And you decided to go get them now?”
“Why not?” he asked, shrugging.  “It’ll keep you from moping around the castle.”
“I’m not moping!”
“And it will keep our minds off of things while Alric and Sithias work details out on how to handle the Consortiums.”
“Alric won’t go?”
“Nope”
“Does he even know you’ve had this hair-brained idea?”
“He sure does, and it’s not hair-brained.”
“Who else is going?”
“Get ready.  I swear that everyone going will be in the Kyrin fan club.”  Finn grinned and then started for the door.
“Kyrin fan club?” she called out.  He simply shut the door behind him.
Kyrin looked up at the ceiling again and figured she didn’t have anything better to do.  After slipping on her black leather shadow elf gear, her backpack, and then the belt with her flail, she headed down the stairs.
Alric was waiting on the second floor for her. “You’re going?”
“Sure, why not?”
“It’ll be perfect.  You go hunt treasure that’s not even lost, and I’ll work things out with Sithias.”
“What do you mean treasure that’s not even lost?”
“There’s no proof that the crowns were ever taken.  My great-great grandfather said they were, but I’m not so sure he was completely sane at the time.”
She crossed her arms. “So we’re hunting down a myth?”
“Pretty much.”
“Then I’m not going.”
“It’ll be fun.  Appease Finn this once.  He’s convinced there really is a missing treasure.”
“Just ask Sithias if he re-blessed new crowns or not.  That can’t be hard to figure out,” Kyrin suggested.
“He’s not telling.  He thinks some things need to remain a mystery.”
“Why’s that?”
“Because he’s a god, and he does what he wants.  Go have fun,” Alric said.  
Kyrin headed down the stairs and mumbled. “If I end up in troll feces or surrounded by undead shadow elves I’m not going to be happy.”
“What are the chances of that happening again?” Alric called down to her.  When she disappeared out the door, he grinned and went back into the temple.
Kyrin walked out and saw that Finn and the five knights that once traveled across the dimensions with her were all waiting on horseback.  Her mare was saddled and ready also.
She shook her head and mounted. “Are we sure the seven of us should be alone again?”
“It’ll be fun,” Finn said, kicking his horse.
Kyrin caught up to him. “You and Alric aren’t just conspiring to get me out of the castle are you?”
“We wouldn’t do that.”
“Sure you would.”
“Okay, that’s true,” Finn said.  “However, that’s not what we’re doing.  Every so often, someone goes to find those crowns.  Why not us?”
“I’ve already agreed to go.  Why not tell me why we’re really seeking out a mythical treasure?  Alric doesn’t need the treasure.”
“We do,” one of the knights said.  “I’d like to have a wife someday, and that takes a house.”
“Wait, if we get the treasure, we get to keep it?”
“Sure,” Finn said. “We split it seven ways, except the crowns, and those go back to the castle.”
She smiled. “Well that changes everything.”
“Why would you need coins?” one of the knights asked.
Kyrin thought about lying but decided they should know. “If Sithias decides to lock down your dimension, I’m shifting out before hand.”
“Wouldn’t that mean you can’t get back in?”
She nodded.
“No,” he said sternly.  “If you shift permanently, then I’m going with you.  No one should have to live out there alone.”
“You can’t go with me.”
“Why not?” another knight said.  “I’m going too.”
“If it happens, then you won’t even know.  I’m not taking Valharan knights with me.”
Finn looked at her. “We could stop you.”
Kyrin smiled. “You could try.  Paragoy has more portals than I’ve ever seen.”
“So I’ve noticed.”
She pointed off to the left. “There’s one right there.”
They all looked over but obviously saw nothing.
“Why are there more here?” one of the knights asked her.
“I’m not sure actually.  Normally, I have to wait weeks for one.  It seems like here, I don’t have to wait at all.”
“That’s disturbing,” Finn told her.
“It’s convenient.  I’m just saying I can’t be trapped in a dimension.  I have to be able to leave.  If they close off this dimension, then I have to go,” she explained.
“I’d try to stop you,” one of the knights said.  “With force if necessary.”
“Stop,” Finn ordered him.
He faced forward, but his jaw tensed.
Kyrin nodded. “I know you would.”
Finn put a halt to anymore talk about Kyrin leaving.  He wanted this to be a fun, stress free adventure and didn’t need his knights pestering Kyrin about leaving.  Finn knew that when the time came, Alric would be the one to decide if she was kept in Paragoy by force or if they would allow her to leave.
They met up the next day with the Valharan ship and were soon sailing across calm seas toward their first stop.  Kyrin stayed mostly in her stateroom, trying to avoid any more talk about leaving.  She didn’t want to leave, and her heart sunk when she even thought about it.  She also couldn’t explain to them what Daemionis would do if she decided to stay.
If they blocked all portals into Paragoy, that would also block his easy access into the dimension, and she was positive he would order her to leave.  They didn’t seem to think that Daemionis would truly torture her soul for eternity for that betrayal, but she knew he would, and she wasn’t sure if Sithias could stop it.
It was two days later when they approached their first stop.  Finn finally knocked on Kyrin’s door.
“Come in,” she called out.
Finn walked in. “We’re almost there.”
“Where is there exactly?”
“It’s the wreckage of the pirate ship.  It’s been searched hundreds of times, but we are going to do it again.”
“Fun.  No bodies on board?”
“I’m sure there are skeletons.”
Her nose wrinkled. “Seriously?  Come get me when you’re done then.”
He grinned. “I’ve seen you exhilarated at the feel of warm blood dripping down your hand, but you can’t handle a skeleton?”
“It’s just wrong.”
“They’re dead.”
“So they won’t miss me.  Call for me when you’re back.”
“Except we need you in there.  We’re hoping your magic or experience will help us find out where to go next.”
She stood up and slid her flail into her belt. “Let’s make it quick then.”
Finn stood by the door, so she could pass, and then he followed her up onto the deck where the others were waiting.  The captain of the ship was there also, and they all watched as they sailed closer to the wreckage of the pirate ship.  
“Why didn’t it sink?” Kyrin asked.  There was no land in sight, just the boat’s wreckage on top of the water.
“There’s a reef under it.  That’s what wrecked it.”
“Oh, so what killed the pirates?”
“They killed each other.  Rumors have it, they resorted to cannibalism to survive.”
She shivered. “Great.”
“Don’t even act grossed out,” Finn said, laughing.  “You’d eat us in a heartbeat if we were stuck out here.”
“I would not!”
He just looked at her.
“Fine, maybe.  As a last resort only.”
The captain dropped anchor a short ways off from the pirate ship, and they all climbed down a rope ladder to a small boat on the water.  Four of the knights began to row toward the pirate ship, and the closer they got, the larger and more ominous it became.
Kyrin looked up at the ship as they approached, and she had a bad, sinking feeling about boarding it. “I changed my mind.”
“You can’t change your mind,” Finn said, tying off their boat to a splintered board on the pirate ship.  “Ladies first.”
She looked at him with wide eyes. “What?”
“He’s only joking,” one of the knights said as he disembarked and then walked through a gash in the side of the boat.
“Your turn,” Finn said to her when the other knight gave the all clear.
She sighed, looked up at the sky, and then boarded the desolate boat.  Inside looked almost as bad as the outside.  There were broken boards and you could see the reef below the ship where some of the floor had rotted away.
There were skeletons, but they were lacking anything of value, having already been searched many times over by Valharans, Qualsax, and even random inhabitants from Paragoy.  
“There’s no treasure here.  Let’s go,” Kyrin said, heading back for the door.
Finn shook his head. “Start looking.  See if you can find anything in here that will tell us where to go next.”
Kyrin glanced around, trying to ignore the way the skeletons looked like they were grinning.   She reached up and grabbed a broken board, and then mumbled a spell and tossed the board onto the ground.  It fell flat on its side and rocked slightly before settling down.
“What spell is that?” Finn asked her.
“It points to anyone around that feels ill will toward me.”
“Well, it pointed to me.”
“No, it didn’t point to anything.  It just fell onto the floor.”
“Oh, well then it’s wrong,” he chuckled, and disappeared into the mess hall.
Kyrin began to dig in her bag while the others searched through broken down cupboards and water ravaged rooms.  Once she found the potion she wanted, she knelt down by a skeleton and put one drop on its head.  
As she moved back, the skeleton began to move slowly and finally made it to his feet.  He bowed to her and then pulled an old, rusted sword from the floor beside him.
“I don’t need you to fight,” Kyrin told him.
“Who are you talking to?” Finn asked, and then froze in the doorway.  He drew his sword just as Kyrin stepped between them.
“He’s not attacking.  I revived him.”
“You did?!”
“Sure, who best to ask about the treasure than one of the pirates?”
“That’s… well that’s got to be wrong, somehow.”
She grinned and turned back to the skeleton as the other knights came into the room and watched them.
“You stole treasure from the Valharan nobles,” Kyrin said to the skeleton.
He nodded.
“Where is it?”
The skeleton began to walk toward two of the knights, who split and watched him pass.  As he walked, his foot bones made clinking sounds on the wooden floor.  Kyrin followed behind him, and the knights were behind her as the skeleton walked through the broken down vessel.
Once beside a solid wooden wall, he pointed at a picture that was hanging loosely.
Kyrin reached over and took the picture off of the wall, revealing more wall behind it. “Nothing’s back there.”
In a loud crash, the skeleton fell to pieces on the floor.
“Oh, well, that was short lived,” Kyrin said, stepping back to avoid the skeleton’s skull as it rolled across the floor.
“Let’s not revive the dead, shall we?” Finn asked nervously.
Kyrin smiled. “I thought you weren’t afraid of the dead.”
“Not if they stay dead!”
“Oh, well,” she mumbled, and then turned and looked at the wall.  She reached out and pulled at the wooden planks, but none of them were loose.
“Your skeleton has lost his mind,” Finn told her.
“No, they’re quite smart when revived,” she said, and pushed against the wall.
“That’s an outer wall,” one of the knights said.  “Go through there and you’re going to find more ocean.”
Kyrin reached down and took the rusted sword out of the death grip of the skeleton, and then started to swing at the wall.  Finn caught her arm and took the sword from her.
“You’re going to hurt yourself,” he said, and then swung at the wall and easily tore away a section of it.
He looked with wide eyes as a safe appeared behind the wall.
“Skeleton was stupid,” Kyrin grumbled, and knelt down to open the top.
She pried open the door and found nothing but cloth on the inside.
Finn took some in his hand. “This is helpful.”
“Hey!  It’s not his fault if someone took the gold already.”
“No, I wasn’t being sarcastic.  This is shadow elf made and looks like there’s a map drawn on it.”
Kyrin stood up and looked with the rest of the knights. “It’s pretty basic.  Do you even know where this is?”
One of the knights nodded. “It’s a crude map of Aloria.”
“Aloria was the bla… shadow elf kingdom,” Finn explained.
“So the shadow elves took the treasure,” Kyrin said.
“That’d be my guess.  Let’s head to Aloria and then follow his map,” Finn suggested.
Kyrin sighed. “I don’t like that you all wiped out the shadow elves.”
“I know, but we did.  Let’s go see what we can find.”
She nodded and then followed them off of the derelict pirate ship.  Once sailing again, Kyrin returned to her room.  Her heart sunk at going to the shadow elf city, but she also didn’t want to talk any more about leaving Paragoy.
It was only an hour later when someone knocked. “Who is it?”
“It’s Finn.”
“Come in then.”
Finn walked in and shut the door behind him. “So, as Valharans, we can’t exactly walk into Aloria.”
“Then why are we going?”
“We just need Sithias’ permission.”
“So ask him.”
Finn grinned. “You’re the ranking member of this party.”
“Oh no, I’m not asking him.”
“Why not?  I thought you two made up.”
“That’s just asking for a Daemionis punishment!  I can’t seek Sithias out to talk to him.”
“Well I can’t do it while you’re here,” Finn explained.  “It has to be the highest ranking.  Just call out for him and ask if we can go to Aloria.”
“No”
“Let me know what he says,” Finn told her, and then left her room.  He shut the door behind him, and Kyrin glared at the door.
“Well I’m not asking him,” she said, crossing her arms.  She glanced around the stateroom.
Kyrin immediately began to pace.  She wanted to see Aloria and now wondered if they could find the missing treasure.  She thought it was stupid that the Valharans couldn’t go to Aloria without Sithias’ approval, and she was torn between just asking him quickly or waiting to see if Finn would do it eventually.
She looked out the port window when she heard a splash and saw that the anchor had been dropped.  She realized that meant they weren’t going any further until Sithias gave them approval.
It was hours later when Kyrin finally sighed. “Fine, Sithias, can we go to Aloria?”
“Why would I allow that?”  She heard Sithias’ voice but couldn’t see him.
“Finn thinks the pirate treasure is in Aloria, and apparently they can’t go unless you hold their hands.”
His chuckle sounded through the cabin. “You may go.”
“All of us?”
“With my blessings.”
“Okay, thanks.  I guess.”  She looked around nervously.
“Do try to keep from reviving the dead though.”
She frowned. “Stop watching what I’m doing!”
It infuriated her that he sounded amused, “It’s hard not to watch you to see what you will come up with next.  I simply ask that you not revive any shadow elves.”
“Sure”
Kyrin waited but nothing else was said.  She stumbled a bit when the ship began to move again.  Figuring they already knew she’d gotten permission, she laid down to take a nap.
She had a hard time keeping busy for the next three days.  Everyone was on edge, not really wanting to go into the shadow elf city.  Kyrin wasn’t looking forward to the dead shadow elves, and the knights weren’t looking forward to being in an evil city.
Late one night, Kyrin was able to talk to Finn about it and found that once the shadow elves were exterminated, no one was allowed to enter Aloria.  He was shocked when Sithias agreed and told her he suspected that Sithias was trying to keep Kyrin entertained, though she refuted that idea.
As they all watched the dead city appear on the horizon, they waited on the deck of the ship in silence.  
The captain pulled the massive ship up to the pier, and when the knights hesitated to step onto evil land, Kyrin calmly walked down the wooden pier and looked around.
It was eerie how things were preserved, even after 100 years.  There was dust on everything, but the buildings were still standing, and there was very little damage from the wars.
“Let me see the map,” Kyrin said.  Her voice breaking the deathly silence made Finn jump.  He grinned sheepishly and handed the map over while they kept an eye out for any trouble.
“One sign of trouble and we leave,” Finn told them.
Kyrin looked up. “How can we find trouble here?  This place is deserted.”
“Well, still.”
She turned the map over a few times and then settled on which way was up. “So we’re at the bottom of the map here along the ocean.  It looks to me like we head directly through the center of town toward a pair of crossed trees.”
Finn glanced at the map and nodded. “Let’s go then.”
Kyrin started forward, but two of the knights pushed past her and led the way.  She kept a close eye out for any signs of life.  She wasn’t sure why, but there was a general unease around the city.  She saw many things common to the shadow elves in every dimension, windowless huts, sacrificial poles, and skeletons wearing the same black leather armor that she was.
One of the knights looked at her. “You wear shadow elf armor?”
“It’s the best,” she said, kneeling down beside one of the skeletons.
“You aren’t going to bring him back, are you?” Finn asked.
“No.  I want his gloves,” she said, slipping them off of a bone hand.
“I’m sure we can get you some back in Valhara.”
“Not as good as these.”
“They have to be a hundred years old though.”
“Not to mention out here rotting in the sun and rain,” one of the knights said.
Kyrin smiled and slipped them on. “Not shadow elf armor.  It’s made to last.  Perfect fit too.”
“That’s disgusting,” Finn told her, and then kept moving forward.
She grinned and caught up with him. “You should try some under your armor.  It’s light weight and very strong.”
“I’ll pass.”
“The Shadowmere will have it on.”
Finn turned to her. “They will?”
“Yes, they wear it under their armor.”
“No,” he said again, walking quicker.
They all stopped and looked over at the black face of a temple.  On its door was an odd symbol.
“What’s that?” Kyrin asked.
“That’s Tiasis’ temple.  That symbol was his.”
“Let’s go see,” she said, heading for the stairs.
“Kyrin, no!” Finn yelled.
She looked back at him. “Why not?”
“We can’t go in Tiasis’ temple!”
“No, you can’t go in.  Daemionis won’t care.”
“Still, damn, Kyrin,” Finn sighed when she disappeared inside.
One of the knights started in after her, but Finn grabbed his arm. “No.”
“We can’t let her go in there alone.”
“Yes, we can.  She’ll be fine.”
“What if she’s attacked?”
Finn glanced up at the tall windows. “Then she’ll call for help, and we’ll go find her.”
The knights waited nervously while Kyrin moved around inside.  It didn’t seem any different from most temples once inside.  Tiasis’ symbol was all over everything.  Someone had drawn some words over a statue of him, but she wasn’t able to read what they said.  She looked into the statue’s face.  He looked angry and menacing, but that didn’t surprise her coming from a shadow elf god.
Kyrin looked around and wondered at the hasty way things were strewn around.  She could almost imagine that the call came down that Tiasis was dead.  The priests would have tried to gather anything of importance to run from the impending arrival of the humans and royal elves.
She reached down to touch the red robe of a skeleton that was clutching an amulet in his dead hand.  She pulled it out of his finger and then wiped off the dust to reveal a golden circle with Tiasis’ symbol in the middle.
“Kyrin, enough,” Finn called in from out on the road.  “Let’s go.”
“Not yet,” she said, and then started up the stairs.  The bedrooms weren’t in disarray like the downstairs.  The priests were too busy gathering Tiasis’ possessions to even grab their own.  She went through a few of the drawers looking for anything of interest but didn’t find anything.
A soft voice whispered through the upper floor, and Kyrin turned suddenly and looked behind her. “Who’s there?”
She slowed her breathing and listened but didn’t hear anything else.  
Kyrin looked around the top floor again and went back to the ground floor.  She was shaking but wasn’t sure why.
“Kyrin!  Come out, now!” Finn yelled.
She swallowed hard and looked at the skeletal priests again before leaving.
“Are you okay?” one of the knights asked.
She nodded and started down the road.
“What happened?” Finn asked, catching up with her.  She was pale and looked tense.
“Nothing,” she said, focusing on the city gates.
“You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
Kyrin spun again when the whisper sounded through the wind.  This time, she understood what was said, and she scanned the city carefully.
“What?” Finn asked, looking around.
She shook her head. “Nothing.  I’m hearing things is all.”
“Hearing what?” 
She forced a smile. “Really, nothing.”
“Then why are you pale and shaking?”
“I’m not,” she said, and then turned to leave the city.  She wanted to get far away from the city of death and away from the haunting voice.
“Kyrin,” Finn said, taking her arm to keep her from walking.  “Something’s up and I want to know what it is, or we head back to the boat right now.”
Kyrin swallowed hard when she heard the ethereal voice again speak in the native language of the shadow elf.  She finally managed a shrug.
“We’re going back,” Finn said, pulling her along.
“No, wait.”
“Tell me what’s wrong!”
She sighed. “That temple was full of bodies.  I just… I just don’t want to be near them when night falls.”
Finn studied her. “Are you lying to me?”
“No!”
A slow grin formed across his lips. “You’re afraid they’re going to attack us in our sleep?”
She glared at him and then hurried toward the front city gates.  Finn believed her lie and allowed the knights to follow her.  She was waiting for it and didn’t react when she heard the whispered voice again just as they passed out of the broken down gates that once protected the shadow elf city of Aloria.
“Let me see the map,” Finn said to her.
Kyrin handed it over and glanced back at the city.
“Okay, so now we need to look out for two crossed trees due north of here.”
The knights all nodded and they began walking toward the north.  Finn kept a close eye on Kyrin because she was still being very quiet and seemed nervous and ready to grab her flail at any moment.
“Is that it?” one of the knights asked, pointing at a pair of crossed trees.
“I’m thinking so,” Finn told them.  He glanced down at the map again. “Now we walk a ways to the northwest until we find a lake, or pond, or swamp looking thing.”
“That’s pretty nondescript,” Kyrin said, looking at the map.  Since leaving the city, she hadn’t heard the voice again and was starting to think it was her imagination.
“Not to mention, is the body of water still there after 100 years?” one of the knights asked.
“There’s only one way to find out,” Finn said, and then began walking forward.
Kyrin looked up when thunder cracked, and she noticed dark clouds moving in. “Perfect.”
Finn followed her gaze. “Let’s set up camp then.”
“This close to Aloria?” Kyrin asked, glancing toward the abandoned city.
“Sure, why not?  You afraid ghosts are going to come out tonight?”
Kyrin tore her backpack off and started going through it.  She pulled out a thin blanket while the knights put up a tent.  It had just started to rain when the knights went into the tent, and Kyrin looked over at them.
“Where’s your tent?” Finn asked, coming over to her.  “I’ll help you put it up.”
“I left it in Valhara.”
“Why?”
“I don’t need a tent.”  As Kyrin spoke, she shivered when the cold water slid down her back.
Finn shook his head. “Get into the tent with us.”
“Sir!” a knight said.  “We can’t sleep in the same tent as the Lady.”
“I don’t want to freeze out here all night,” Finn said, pulling Kyrin into the tent.  “I also don’t want to let her freeze.”
“It’s not proper.”
“No, it’s not,” Finn said, and then sat down on his bed roll.
Kyrin looked back out at the pouring rain and then laid her blanket down on the only open spot.

***

“Let me see that,” Finn said, taking the map from Kyrin.
“I told you that we head west from here until we come to the edge of the forest.”
“So you say, but that puts us directly on a path back to Aloria.”
“Are you sure?”
“How do you travel the dimensions and can’t read a map?”
Kyrin crossed her arms and looked at him. “I didn’t have a map.”
“Well, let me show you how to read it then.”
“No!  I don’t need to read.  I don’t need math, and I don’t need maps.”
“Fine, but we’re going east,” Finn said, and started walking.  Kyrin watched him for a few seconds and then headed after him, still irritated.  She wondered if three days out in the woods of Aloria with Finn was too much, because they both seemed to be getting on each other’s nerves.
When they reached the edge of the forest, Finn and another knight began to go over the map again while Kyrin looked around.  There were skeletons out here too, both elven and human.  She wondered why scavengers hadn’t cleaned out the bones but shrugged it off and turned when Finn spoke.
“Now we go north.”
“This is taking us nowhere,” Kyrin said, following them.
“This is it though,” Finn explained.  “At the end of this last path is the treasure.”
Kyrin walked behind them, making sure no one got behind her.  She felt like the knights were expecting her to shift.  Twice in the last two hours she’d seen a portal and wondered what they’d do if she just shifted out for a few days.  Even the thought made her smile.
Something caught her attention, and she stopped and looked off to her left into the trees.  Without even thinking about it, she pulled her flail and studied the swaying of trees.
The sound of the knights faded as she watched the forest, tense and silent.  Something was out there, and she was just waiting for them to appear.
Finn stopped to glance at the map and then turned to see why Kyrin was being quiet. “Where did she go?”
The closest knight frowned. “I’m not sure.”
“I swear, if she’s off pouting…”  Finn froze for less than a second and then took off running when he heard an inhuman scream from behind them.
As they neared the sounds of fighting, they heard Kyrin yell a spell and then saw the area light up with a blue glow.
Finn broke into the clearing first, sword drawn, and decapitated the troll that was fighting Kyrin directly.  The other trolls were scavenging the belongings from two dead trolls and didn’t see the knights of Valhara come in.
When the troll fighting her was dead, Kyrin spun and instantly met another.  She could hear the sword fighting behind her but focused in on the troll in front of her.  He was already injured and breathing hard, but his eyes were furious and feral.
He swung at Kyrin with a heavy axe, and she barely dodged it.  Bringing her flail down hard, she managed to wrap the chains around the handle of the axe and pull it away from the troll.  He roared angrily and lunged at her.  She shook the axe free from her flail and slammed it into his chest.  His cracking ribs sounded moments before he crumpled to the ground.
Kyrin looked around quickly and saw that the knights had taken care of the rest of the trolls.  Finn was knelt beside an injured knight, but the others didn’t seem hurt.
She knelt down beside the knight, who was grasping his side as blood poured from his fingers. “How bad?”
Finn sighed. “Pretty bad.  I knew we should have brought priests.”
“None of you can heal?” Kyrin asked them.  The knights each shook their heads. “Fine, I have a potion for this.”
“You have a healing potion?” Finn asked her.
“Of course.”  She dug through her bag and produced a vial of thick black goo.  When she put it to the knight’s lips, he shivered and turned his head.
“I can’t.”
“Why not?”
“I know what’s in it.”
“You mean the blood of a dying man?”
He nodded and then groaned in pain.
Kyrin looked at the vial. “Well, I don’t know how you know, but it’s still a healing potion, and you’re in pain.”
“You’re sure it’s safe?” Finn asked her.
“Of course!  I’m not going to poison him.”
“Did Creteloc make it?”
“This one?  Yes.”
Finn thought for a moment and then looked at the knight. “I trust her.  Take it.”
He nodded and then finally took a tiny sip of the black muck.  He gagged but finally swallowed the congealed mass of bitter potion.
Kyrin smiled and then slipped the corked vial back into her backpack as the knight healed.  It only took a few minutes for the bleeding to stop and for the wound to begin sealing off.  The knight was left with a scar, but he knew the priests could get rid of it when they returned to Valhara.
Finn stood up and looked at Kyrin, irritated. “Want to explain why you decided to take on 12 trolls by yourself?”
Kyrin stood up to face him. “I didn’t just decide to take on 12 trolls by myself.”
“Then explain how you ended up in that situation.”
“I don’t have to report to you!  I’m fine on my own, and those trolls would have been dead without your help.”
Finn calmed his temper and took a deep breath. “It’s just concerning that you didn’t call for help or let us know you’d found trolls.”
“I’m not going to call for help, unless I need it,” she said, walking toward the east.  “Besides, I need the practice.”
“Practice for what?” Finn asked, following her.
“I’m soft.  All this water, and food, and warmth… when I return to the dimensions, I need to be ready to take on 12 trolls alone.”
“Why?!  Why can’t you stay here?”
“I don’t belong in a dimension I can’t get out of.”
Finn’s temper flared. “You’re too smart for this!  You know you are safe here.  You know you have what you need and that your family is here, yet you run off because you don’t want to feel trapped?!  Grow up and start living like life means something.”
Kyrin turned on him. “You don’t know what you’re talking about!”
“I do too.  I’ve been out there, and I’ve seen what it’s like.  There’s no valid reason to subject yourself to those conditions when the people here care about you.”
“Bullshit, Finn!  They don’t care about me!  They’re afraid of me.  I’m not going to be confined here.”
Finn moved forward and took her arms, shaking her roughly. “I’m not going to let you walk out of this dimension.  When those portals seal shut for eternity, you’re going to be in Paragoy if it kills me.”
“Let go.”
“No!  Not until you stop acting the part of the evil shifter and see what’s good for you.”
“Let me go.”  Kyrin’s eyes were darkening, and the knights began to get nervous.
Finn shook her again. “Stop it!  There are a hell of a lot of the Valharans who care about you and don’t want to see you disappear forever.  Alric loves you, and leaving here makes it seem like you don’t even care.”
“I do care.”
“No, you don’t!  You’re too selfish to see that you’re leaving behind a man who loves you and boys who need a mother.”
“Let me go!”
“Not until you see reason!”
“I am being reasonable!  Trapped here with no way out?  Do you know how often I have to shift to save my life?  I saved your life by shifting!  Now don’t tell me that I’m okay here without that ability.”
“Captain,” the closest knight said, touching his shoulder.  “Maybe you should let her go.”
Finn snarled slightly and let her go.  The second he released her, she brought her hands together and froze all of them.  Even frozen, Finn was able to look at her, and she could tell how mad he was.
Kyrin stood in front of Finn where he could see her.  She pointed off to the right. “Do you see that?!  That’s a portal.  I can leave here any time I want.  I know Alric and the twins need me!  I’m not blind.  I also know that by staying in this dimension indefinitely, I will doom the twins’ souls to an eternity of torment at the hands of Daemionis!  Is that what you want??  You want me to agree to 30 years of luxury in return for an eternity of pain and suffering for both me and the twins?!”
When she felt tears coming on, she ran off into the woods to think.  Ozehshiesh wasn’t a predictable spell, and she knew the knights could break it off at any moment.  The last thing she needed was to let the knights see her in a moment of weakness, and she could feel the tears coming on too quickly.
A safe distance from the knights, Kyrin sat down against a tree and fought to control the crying.  Her heart hurt, and the pain was growing worse.  She knew she had to leave Paragoy if it was sealed, and she knew that doing so would mean she wouldn’t see Alric or the twins ever again.  She also knew that by leaving, she was saving her sons from losing themselves in the grip of Daemionis when they died.
When her emotions were under control again, she sat back against the tree and watched the shimmer of a portal key that had appeared in front of her.  She often wondered why there were so many portals in Paragoy but hadn’t bothered to ask anyone.  She was afraid if Sithias knew how easy his dimension was to leave, he’d seal it even faster.
Kyrin didn’t look over when she heard footfalls.  The knights were too noisy in their armor to sneak, so she knew it was one of the Valharans.
When Finn sat down beside her, she began to fiddle with a twig that was sitting beside her.
“I’m not mad,” Finn said softly.  “I’m sorry I yelled.”
Kyrin just nodded.
“I wish you could see how irritating it is to lose you and have no say in it.  I don’t like not being able to stop you,” Finn told her.
“I wish you could see why I can’t stay here.”
“You’re right.  I don’t see why you can’t.  I can’t understand how you can choose the dimensions over life here.”
“I don’t choose it.”
Finn finally stood up after a few minutes of silence. “Well, I’m ready to head out.  We’re within a day of that treasure.”
Kyrin nodded and then followed him back to the others.  They didn’t look that happy that she had frozen them, but no one actually said anything to her about it.
Finn and another knight glanced at the map again and then they all started working their way east through thick growth.  Two knights led the way with swords hacking at the dense brush, and when they got tired, two more would take their places.  They all kept an eye out for more trolls, and when they reached the clearing the map indicated with an X, they were relieved.
They all spread out around the clearing and began to search for any sign of the treasure.  It was only an hour later when one of the knights called the others over to him and showed them a rock in the shape of an X.
“Start digging,” Finn said, dropping to his knees.  They all did the same and began digging through the dirt.  Kyrin chose not to and kept an eye out for incoming attacks.  It also gave her time to stand back away from the knights.  Since their argument, she felt they were anxious and waiting for her to shift out at any moment.  She wasn’t sure if she tried if they would follow her or restrain her to keep her from going.
Kyrin finally looked over when she heard the knights talking quickly.  Just as she walked over to them, they were pulling a large wooden chest out of the ground.
“This is it!” Finn said, excited.  He reached down and began trying to open it.  When he couldn’t, he used his sword to try to pry the top open.  That didn’t work either, and each of the knights had to give it a try.
When everyone had tried but Kyrin, the knights looked back at her and waited.
Kyrin smiled. “Oh?  So, you want me to open the thing?”
“Have a go,” Finn said, moving back some.
She moved forward a little more dramatically than intended, and then laughed and dropped to her knees.  
Glancing over her shoulder once, she put her hands together and turned back to the chest. “Shamagiem.”
Her hands glowed red, and she put them out in front of her.  Bright red fire shot from her hands and surrounded the chest, which remained unharmed.
“Okay, well, Vasiieth!” Kyrin said, sending a bolt of lightning at the hinge on the box.  It struck the metal hinge, bounced off, and nearly took the ear off of one of the knights.
“Move back,” Finn ordered when Kyrin stood up and began to rub her hands together.
Kyrin stepped back a ways from the chest and began to pelt it furiously.  Any spell that came to her head, she tried immediately, and soon, had the ground around the chest scorched and full of deep holes.
“Enough,” Finn said when her eyes began to darken.
“Avaperna,” Kyrin yelled, and the ground began to shake.  The knights grabbed onto trees to keep from falling as a strong wind hit them from the side.  When the wind blew past the chest, a loud explosion sounded and sent everyone in the clearing flying backwards.
Finn was the first to stumble to his feet.  He checked to make sure no one was hurt and then looked over at the chest.  It was sitting where they’d left it and had no damage at all.
“That’s it!” Kyrin yelled, and rubbed her hands together.
“No, enough,” Finn told her.
“Mel…,” she started to say, but a knight quickly covered her mouth.
“We don’t need to die because of this chest,” he said, and then stepped back.
Kyrin glared at him. “I can get in it.”
Finn shook his head. “No.  That last spell was too dangerous.  We’ll take it back to the castle and try again there.”
“I can open it.”
“I’m not saying you can’t.  I just don’t think we need to die trying.”  Finn turned to the two knights closest. “How heavy is it?”
They both walked up to it and then strained to lift it.  It was obviously heavy, but they were still able to walk with it.  The others followed, and Kyrin stayed toward the back as her mind swam with spells she was itching to try on the chest.
Two days later, they neared the shadow elf city of Aloria again, and Kyrin hesitated.  Something seemed wrong within the city, and the memory of the whispered voice still sent shivers up her spine.
Finn noticed her reluctance to go through the city gates, so he fell back to walk through with her.
“Nothing’s in here,” he whispered when he saw how tense she was.
Kyrin just nodded and kept a close eye out around her.  She’d never been comfortable around skeletons.  She didn’t mind bodies as long as they were newly dead.  This abandoned city was littered with elven remains, most had rusty swords still thrust through their rib cages, and some were missing heads.
She froze when the whispered voice sounded again with the breeze.  She turned and looked behind her.
Finn saw her and did the same. “What?”
She shook her head and then began walking again.
This time, when she heard the voice, it was harsh and angry but still seemed far away.  She grabbed onto her flail but didn’t pull it out of the belt.
Finn put a hand on her arm and stopped her from walking. “Tell me.”
“Nothing, let’s just get out of here.”
“No, we’re not going any farther until you tell me why you look like we’re about to get attacked.”
“Human,” the voice whispered through the eaves of a nearby house.  She shivered and looked toward it but saw nothing.
“What?” Finn asked again, looking at the silent house.
She sighed. “I’m hearing voices.”
His eyes narrowed. “What are they saying?”
“It’s in shadow elf.”
Finn tensed. “You’re hearing shadow elf?”
“Sort of… well… yes.”
“Saying what?”  By now, all of the knights had gathered and the two carrying the heavy chest laid it down so they could easily draw their weapons.
“Mostly, it’s about humans being here,” Kyrin explained.  “It started in Tiasis’ temple and only happens when we’re within the city.”
Finn looked around the empty city. “You’re sure?”
She nodded. “I know it sounds crazy, but I am hearing it.”
A door slammed a few houses away from them, and everyone drew their weapons.  Finn walked toward the house slowly, followed by the others.
At the door to the house, Finn stepped onto the porch and opened the door with his sword.  It swung easily and the soft breeze instantly slammed it shut again.  He sighed and then smiled.
“Just the wind,” he told them.
“Let’s get out of here,” Kyrin said, holstering her flail.
When the voice sounded again as a breeze blew through nearby trees, a cold shiver ran up Finn’s spine. “I heard that.”
Kyrin looked at him. “You did?”
“I don’t know what was said, but I did hear it that time.”
“It warned us to get out,” she whispered, looking around them.
“Calling us humans?”
“Yes”
“We have to get back to the king,” Finn said.  “Leave the chest and get out of here.”
“No!” Kyrin said.  “We’re afraid of a voice?!  Let’s get the chest and at least go back to Valhara with what we came for.”
“I guess you’re right,” he told her, scanning the desolate houses.
They quickly went back to the chest and soon were on their way through the city again.  Everyone was looking out for anything strange and ignoring the distant voice that whispered at them through the wind.
“Stop,” Kyrin said, looking toward Tiasis’ temple.
“You’re not going back in there!” Finn said.
“No, there’s a portal,” she whispered.
“So?  You said you see them a lot.”
“It’s open.”
Finn stepped forward. “Wait, so without using a portal key, the door is open?”
She nodded and stepped forward to get a closer look.  Finn reached out and took her arm, but she shrugged him off. “I’m not going through it.”
“I’d prefer if you not go near it.”
“I want to see better what’s on the other side.  All I see are dead trees.  That could be anywhere.”
“Fine, but if you so much as step a toe through that thing…”
“I won’t.”
Kyrin moved forward as all of the knights watched her.  She was aware that they were all ready to follow her if she decided to shift out of Paragoy.  Once closer, she was able to see to the side of the door a bit, but nothing looked familiar.
“So?” Finn asked her.
“I don’t see anything familiar.  I’ve never seen an open door.”
“Was it there before?”
“The door was there, but it wasn’t open,” she said, then bent down to pick up a stone.  “This is the key, and it hasn’t moved.”
“How long do portals stay open?” Finn asked her.
She shrugged. “Not very long.  This one had to have opened just in the last few minutes.”
Finn jumped at her when she jerked slightly. “What?”
Kyrin looked at him, embarrassed. “It slammed shut.  Just caught me off guard.”
“Captain?” one of the knights whispered.  When Finn looked at him, he pointed down the road. “I don’t think we’re alone in here anymore.”
“Daemionis?” Kyrin called out.  “Are you just messing with me?”
“Lord I hope not,” Finn said, and then drew his sword when a tall figure in black armor stepped out from behind one of the houses.  Three more followed him and they started for the Valharans with their swords drawn.
Kyrin started a spell while the knights advanced on the others.  Just as the knights reached the black warriors, the lead warrior was hit with a bolt of lightning from Kyrin, and the fight started.  Finn hadn’t fought an opponent as skilled as the one he was fighting.  Their swords met each time he tried to attack, and he was only barely able to dodge a sword strike that would have severed his arm.
Kyrin pegged another of the warriors just as he was about to decapitate one of the Valharan knights.  Four more warriors in black emerged from behind a house and ran into the fray, instantly finding a knight to fight.
Finn found himself with two facing him, and he wasn’t able to get off any offensive strikes.  With two of them trying to stab him, he focused on blocking their incoming attacks.  Kyrin took out one of them, and in just a few minutes, Finn decapitated the other and then spun to assist the knight beside him.
When the warriors in black were dead, Finn looked over as Kyrin knelt down beside one of the knights and slipped off his helmet.   He took a step forward as she pressed her fingers against his neck and looked up at him.
“He’s dead,” Kyrin whispered, and then looked back down at the lifeless Valharan.
“These are Shadowmere,” one of the knights said as he examined the body of one of the warriors.
Finn knelt down beside the dead knight and drew Sithias’ cross on his forehead. “Walk with Sithias.”
Kyrin stood up and looked around. “Can Sithias not block portals in Aloria?”
Finn glanced at her. “Yes, he can.  He and Erianah took charge of Aloria when Tiasis was killed.”
“Shadowmere aren’t natural shifters.  They had to have been pointed to that portal to come through it.”
“Then they left it open.”
She nodded. “They must have.  If they got through this portal, that means there are others they can use.”
“This dimension is no longer safe,” one of the knights whispered.
“Let’s take his body,” Finn said.  “I don’t want to leave him in Aloria.”
“Take his body?” Kyrin asked.  “Why can’t we just bury him?”
“No,” Finn said sternly, and then helped one of the knights carry the body.  Kyrin glanced again around the city and started after them when she heard the whispered voice another time.
The boat was still waiting on the Alorian pier, and as soon as they docked, it took off for Valhara.  Finn spoke to the captain, but neither he nor his crew had heard any voices or seen anything come from Aloria during their absence.
With the wind now working with them, the ship sailed more rapidly back for Valhara.  Kyrin kept to herself in the stateroom.  She still felt that the Shadowmere being in Paragoy was because they were after her.  Now that the safety of Paragoy had again been breached, she wondered if she should leave before Sithias and Erianah decided to close off the dimension permanently.
Finn tried several times to get Kyrin to join them for meals or just to talk, but she stayed alone.  She felt like an outsider suddenly, an outsider that put their entire way of life at risk.
When the ship’s horn sounded, signaling their arrival at land, Kyrin packed her backpack and then headed up the stairs.  The knights were waiting on the front deck and watching as the boat maneuvered up to the pier where their horses were waiting.
The dead knight’s body was buried off of the shores of the ocean, and Kyrin waited by the horses until they were done.  Finn decided that they would ride back, not stopping to sleep or eat.  He was anxious to make sure Valhara was safe and to get word to Alric of what they had seen.
When they arrived in the city, the people came out to greet them but were met with hurried knights, who didn’t stop for fanfare or to say hello to loved ones.  By the time they reached the castle, Alric was alerted that something was wrong and was waiting outside for them.
He instantly saw they were minus a knight as he helped Kyrin off of her horse.
“Where’s Dodge?” Alric asked when the knights laid the chest down on the ground.
Finn walked up to him. “He was killed in a Shadowmere attack in Aloria.”
“What?!  The Shadowmere were in Aloria?”
“Kyrin thinks they’d just arrived.  She saw an open portal that was shut when we went through the first time,” Finn said.  “There’s more that we should talk about inside.”
Alric nodded. “Was anyone else hurt?”
“No, we took care of the rest of them.  If I might suggest this, Sithias may want to hear what we saw,” Finn told him.
Alric studied Kyrin and how she seemed uncomfortable and ready to attack. “Very well.  You and Kyrin come with me.  We’ll talk to Sithias, and your knights can rest.”
Finn nodded and started into the castle.
“I’m not doing this,” Kyrin whispered, looking toward the trees.  “I want to go to the temple for a few minutes.”
“I need you in the briefing to Sithias,” Alric told her.  “Please, for me?”
Kyrin thought about it for a second and figured she might as well find out first-hand if she was going to be shifting permanently.  She saw no harm in hearing what Sithias had to say, and it would alleviate any confusion as to whether the portals to the dimension were going to be sealed for eternity.
“Okay,” she said finally, and then followed Alric into the temple in the castle.
Finn was already kneeling before Sithias, who was speaking to him softly. “I have led him to paradise.  He died with honor and is being taken care of.”
Finn nodded. “Thank you, my Lord.”
Sithias looked up when Alric knelt, but his eyes were on Kyrin. “Tell me what you saw.”
Kyrin glanced nervously at Finn, but he was focused on the god.
Sithias moved to her. “You are more experienced with the Consortiums.  I want to know everything you saw while you were away, including what was in Tiasis’ temple.”
She shouldn’t have been surprised that he knew she’d gone inside, but it still shocked her enough that she forgot to remain silent. “You know?”
“I do.  I want to know what you saw.”
Kyrin glanced at Alric, but he smiled and then encouraged her to speak.
She sighed. “There was nothing but skeletons inside the temple, but that’s when the voice started.”
“What voice?” Sithias asked, now walking slowly around her.
“I’m not hearing things.”
“Tell me, please.”
“It was in shadow elf.  The voice wasn’t even really a voice.”
“What do you mean?”
“It was soft, mean, but very soft, almost as if not really there.  It was in shadow elf though and kept mentioning that humans were there,” Kyrin told him.
“What else?”
“That’s it for the voice.  It got angrier when we returned, more powerful almost.”
“Finn said the Shadowmere came through a portal,” Sithias said, still circling the room.
“I saw the portal when we first went through, but it was shut.  Then on the way back I saw that it was open, but I didn’t recognize where it opened to.”
“The portal key?”
“Was still on the ground.”
“What did the Shadowmere say?”
“Nothing.  We didn’t exactly give them enough time to speak.”
Sithias stopped before Alric. “I detected no breach in the portals.  Paragoy is in grave danger.”
Alric nodded. “I suspect so.  The Shadowmere have appeared too many times.  They know now.”
“What concerns me is the voice.  Not many know the shadow elf language in this dimension, and if the portal was shut, then it wasn’t the Shadowmere the first time.”
“Others maybe?  I suspect that Kyrin somehow attracts portals,” Alric told him.
“Do what?” she asked.
“Explain,” Sithias said.
“It’s just that she always has a portal when she needs one here.  Finn said that they waited days for portals in other dimensions.  Here, in Paragoy, there’s always one there when she needs it.”
Kyrin frowned slightly and nodded. “There are more portals here than anywhere else I’ve ever seen.”
Sithias smiled softly. “If you were to take a baby and keep them inside of a stone house for its entire life, the man he became wouldn’t care that the house had no door or window.”
“Sir?” Alric asked.
“If you took the same baby and let him grow up outside, but then forced him as a man into the house with no doors or windows, he would do anything in his power to get out.  Put that same man in a house with numerous doors and he would remain calm and be satisfied, because he could leave if he wished.”
“You did it?” Alric asked, shocked.
Sithias nodded. “To keep Kyrin here, I made sure she has portals around her, so she would feel comfortable.”
Kyrin looked up at the deity. “You did that for me?”
“You’re important to us here.  This dimension was lacking magic, something that’s valuable and needed.  I never knew how to get it back once it disappeared, but then you stumbled into my domain,” Sithias said.  “We need you here.”
“You don’t need magic.”
“That’s not true.  Magic is part of nature and a part of our world that I missed severely when it left.  Erianah and I often spoke of bringing in a magic user to return that part of nature, but we risked bringing in trouble with it.”
“Then how did I get in?” Kyrin asked.  “If you had this place locked up so tightly, how did I get in?”
“We don’t know,” Sithias told her.  “I must find out though.  The Consortiums have now found out also how to get into Paragoy, and you may be our only hope in finding out how.  If we can’t stop it, we’ll have no choice but to seal Paragoy off from the outside worlds.”
“I don’t know how though.  I found a door and walked through.”
“And when you did, I didn’t know,” Sithias told her.  “I should have known there was a portal breach in Valhara, and it’s disturbing that I did not.”
“Is it because I’m an evil?”
“You’re not though.”
“I am too.”
Sithias smiled. “No, you are not a true evil.  If you were, I would have felt the moment you appeared here.”
“Like Creteloc.”
“I didn’t know either,” Alric told her.
“None of this really matters,” Kyrin said.  “I don’t know how I got in here.  I did what I always do and used a portal key.  Whether or not you think I’m evil or not doesn’t matter either.”
“I’m afraid for you,” Sithias said.  “If you go out into the dimensions, you’re no longer prepared.”
“Meaning?”
“Meaning things are good here.  You’re used to food and water.  You are used to having backup in fights and having a safe place to sleep at night.  It will be dangerous to return to your old ways.”
“Don’t insult me!”
“It’s not an insult.”
Kyrin spun on her heels and stormed out of the temple.
Alric looked up at Sithias. “Now may not have been a good time, my Lord.”
“I care about her as I do a follower,” Sithias said to him.  “She is no longer prepared to be in the dimensions.”
“I’m afraid of that too.”
“The drive to capture Kyrin is too strong, because the Clemency Consortium keeps upping the bounty.  They truly believe that her death with bring the rains back.”
“Her presence hasn’t done anything to us,” Finn said.
“No, it hasn’t.  By killing Kyrin, they get rid of the last of the magic, unless she has passed that on to one of her children.”
“Then they’ll be after the twins,” Alric whispered.
“I’m afraid so.  We already know that Ryche is a shifter.  Now we wait to see if either of them use magic.”
“Can’t you tell?”
“Not yet,” Sithias said.  A slow grin formed across his face. “You may want to go check on our magic user.”
Alric looked toward the door. “Do I even want to know?”
When he turned back toward his god, Sithias was gone.
Finn cringed when he heard a call for him. “Okay, I’ll go see what she’s doing.”
“As will I,” Alric said, and they both walked out together.  They knew the problem immediately when they got to the front lawn of the castle.  The knights were all standing back a ways from the treasure chest and Kyrin was bombarding it with spells relentlessly.
“Oh, well, I don’t want to get closer,” Finn said, amused.
Alric didn’t move from his place. “I don’t either.  What if she misses?”
“Well, one ricocheted off of that chest and almost hit one of us.”
“All the more reason to stay back here.”
Finn just chuckled.
“I’m surprised you found anything,” Alric said, still watching Kyrin.
“I knew it was out there.  Course, it took a little evil to get us to the right location.”
“I don’t want to know.”
“She revived a dead pirate skeleton,” Finn said, laughing.
“I said that I don’t want to know.”
“She didn’t tell me about the voice in Aloria.”
Alric looked at him. “She didn’t?”
“No, not until our way back through.”
“She has some type of fear that we’re going to think she’s crazy.”
“I know, but it’s worrisome.”
“There’s so much I don’t know about her, and I’m afraid it’s going to rear its ugly head, just as we think we have her pegged.”
Finn shrugged. “It won’t matter.  She’s leaving when they seal this dimension.”
“If,” Alric corrected.
“Right, if.”
When a sword suddenly appeared in Kyrin’s hand, Alric and Finn both ran at her to get it.  She slammed it into the chest as hard as she could, and the force from the hit sent stabs up her arms.  She dropped the sword and fell to her knees.
“Are you okay?” Alric asked, kneeling down beside her.
“I’m going to get into that thing,” Kyrin said angrily.
“That’s not what I asked.”
“I’m not hurt,” she said, standing up.
Finn picked up the heavy broadsword, and it disappeared in his hands. “What was that?”
“I don’t know.  A spell that summons a sword I guess.”
“You guess?”
“Just”
“I know,” Finn said, shaking his head.  “A word came to you, and you said it.”
“Pretty much.”
Alric looked over at the chest. “It doesn’t even look sturdy.”
“Well you open it,” she told him.
He reached over and lifted the lid easily, revealing an empty chest.
“What the hell?!” Kyrin screamed.  “How did you open that?”
Alric shrugged. “I just lifted the lid.  You did try that, right?”
Finn started to laugh. “Of course we tried that!”
“It’s empty.”
“It can’t be empty,” Kyrin said, pushing on the sides of the chest.
“It is.”
“All that for nothing,” Finn said, still amused.
“We lost a knight for an empty chest,” Kyrin said, sneering.
“No, we lost a knight to find out that the portals in Aloria open on their own,” Alric explained.  “That’s invaluable information we wouldn’t have known otherwise.”
“Peachy,” she said, and then disappeared into the castle.
Finn watched her leave and then started pushing around inside the empty chest. “How can it be empty?”
Alric watched him, grinning. “Someone took the treasure out of it and then left it.”
“Damn”




Chapter 9

“Kyrin?” Alric whispered, sitting down on the bed.
Kyrin jumped out of bed and quickly checked on the twins, who were sleeping next to her.
“Shhh, they’re okay,” Alric whispered.  “Get in battle gear, we need you for something.”
Kyrin yawned into her hand and went behind the dressing curtain to change.  When she appeared in almost all black leather, Alric cringed.  He wasn’t aware when she started wearing the protective gear that it was shadow elf made.
She holstered her flail as Emerisa came in to watch the twins.  Kyrin and Alric headed down the stairs.  There was a rush of commotion within the castle, and all of the knights were missing.  She started to ask where they were but then saw them lined up on the lawn with Finn and the other captain facing them.
Finn glanced at Alric and then turned to his troops. “The Qualsax city just south of our boundaries was wiped out last night.  Over 800 Qualsax are dead, and as we didn’t do it, we need to find how they died.  Qualsax is sure to think it was us and to retaliate, so we’re leaving 100 of you here.”
There was a murmur through the knights.  They knew that the city Finn spoke of was well-armed and full of Qualsax warriors, because it was so close to Valhara.
“Myself, King Alric, and Lady Kyrin will lead a delegation into the city along with the other 100 knights.  We will try to ascertain what happened so we know if attacks on Valhara are imminent,” Finn continued.  “We have rangers standing by that will relay messages between those knights here and those of us that are leaving.  I want to know the instant anything out of the ordinary happens.  Keep all forces alert and detain anyone you see that’s not Valharan.”
“What if they fight us?” one of the knights asked.
Alric stepped forward. “Try your hardest not to kill them.  We need to question them.”
“Yes, my King.”
Kyrin grabbed an apple from the orchard before mounting up.  No one had any bags, so she suspected they weren’t going to be gone over night.  Soon, they were riding quickly through the forest toward the Qualsax border.  She realized as they neared that it was the Qualsax city that the warriors were dragging her toward when her memory was gone.
The city was in ruins.  Black smoke filled the sky, and the smell of death was strong.  The city was eerily quiet and bodies were lying as far out as the trees.  No one spoke but slid off of their horses to scatter out through the rubble.
Alric and Finn headed off together, but Kyrin started away from them.  She had seen such destruction before and was too afraid to even mention to them where.  She wanted to verify her suspicions before bringing it to Alric’s attention.
The silence was worse out on her own.  She couldn’t hear even one other person as she waded through the burnt out houses, looking for one thing that would tell her who had done this.  
A soft voice made her jump, but she immediately headed toward it.  She found a Qualsax warrior lying on the ground as blood poured from his mouth.  He held his hand up to her and mouthed a silent plea.
Kyrin knelt down and looked over him.  He had a dagger still jutting out from his chest, and one arm was missing.  The ground was saturated with his blood, and he was able to cough slightly, sending drops of blood onto her vest.
She looked again at his face as he mouthed the words. “Kill me.”
Nodding, Kyrin dug through her pack and produced a small vial.  She held it up to him, and he opened his mouth, allowing one tiny drop of poison to fall onto his tongue.  He instantly fell silent on the ground and his Qualsax amulet disappeared.
She stood slowly and walked away from him.  Realizing she hadn’t gone through his belongings, she turned to him and then saw his dead body lying among the ruins of his once peaceful home.  Her heart sunk, and she turned away from him and walked quickly toward the other side of town.
“Kyrin?” Alric called out.  She heard him from far away and started in his direction.
As she neared Alric, she saw that the rest of the knights were all standing around him.  Finn motioned her forward, and the knights split to let her though.
Alric was knelt down by a dead body that was wearing gold-plated armor that was unknown to anyone in Paragoy.  As she walked forward, she was finding it hard to breathe.  This body proved her suspicions, and she could almost feel the comforts of Paragoy fading.
“Do you know where he’s from?” Alric asked her.
Kyrin looked down at the body and nodded.  She couldn’t find the breath to speak, and her chest tightened.
“Kyrin?” Finn whispered, taking her arm.  He noticed that she was starting to panic.
Kyrin glanced around at the knights, in their perfect armor and with still hopeful faces.  What she was seeing would destroy everything they knew and turn their entire world on end.  She glanced off to the north of the knight’s circle and saw the open portal.
“Kyrin?” Alric said, standing to take her hand.  “Just tell me, please.”
Finn followed her gaze. “There’s an open portal, isn’t there?”
She was able to nod.
“Is it still open?” Alric asked.
When she nodded again, the knights drew their swords.
“Who is it?” he whispered, looking into her eyes.
Kyrin looked deep into his and finally managed to whisper, “His name is Malay.  He’s a battalion leader for the Clemency Consortium.”
Alric looked down at him again. “The Clemency is here?”
Kyrin backed away from him slowly. “Yes.”
“Where are you going?” Finn asked when he saw her tense.
She looked at him sorrowfully. “I’m sorry.”
“For what?”
“Ozehshiesh”
Kyrin checked to make sure they had all frozen, and then she walked up to Alric.  She kissed his still lips softly and looked into his eyes.
“I’m sorry.  I love you, but I can’t allow Paragoy to be invaded because of me.  Once I’m gone, seal the portals.  The Clemency wouldn’t stay in this dimension.  I’m pretty sure they went through that portal.”
Kyrin stood up and looked down at the dead member of the Clemency.  She reached down and took his shield, and then kissed Alric again.
“Help the twins understand that I’m not abandoning them,” she whispered.  “Please, forgive me.”
Alric watched her walk toward the portal.  He fought as hard as he could but wasn’t able to move anything but his eyes.  He struggled with all of his strength, but nothing helped.  
Kyrin looked back at the frozen knights and then faced the portal.  She recognized the other side and knew she was walking directly into Kyrstalis, home to the Consortiums.
Squeezing her eyes shut against the tears that threatened to fall, Kyrin stepped forward and then drew her flail.  She knew what was on the other side.  The Clemency would be waiting for her, and she couldn’t fight them all off.  She had to try but had no real hope.
Just as she went to step through, Sithias appeared and took her arm. “No, Kyrin.”
“Don’t do this,” she said, still watching the portal.
“Don’t leave like this.  We need you.”
“No, you don’t.  When I’m gone and the portals are sealed, you don’t need my help anymore.”
“I know as well as you do that the Clemency are waiting on the other side of that portal.”
Kyrin simply nodded.
“You cannot take on that many and survive.”
“I know.”
“As I seal the portals to this dimension, all permanent portals leading into Paragoy will be open for almost an hour.  Erianah and I must seal all 12 of them, but the dimension will remain vulnerable during that hour.  We need you.”
“If Mika sees I’m no longer here…”
“It won’t matter.  The Shadowmere, and now the Clemency, will return to their leaders and will have already told them about our water and resources.  It’s too late.”
Kyrin sunk to her knees. “I doomed the dimension.”
“No, this isn’t your fault.”
“Kyrin?” Alric said from behind her.  His hands were still stiff, but the rest of him had completely broken free of the spell. “Don’t go, please.”
Sithias waved his hand at the portal, and it shut loudly enough that everyone in the clearing heard the slam. “Now you cannot go through it anyway.”
She turned to Alric. “It’ll save your dimension.”
“No, it won’t.  It’s too late for that.  They know we have food and water, and it’s only a matter of time before they try to take over.  You leaving won’t stop that.”
“Alric”
“Stay”
“I don’t think I have a choice,” she said, looking back at the portal.
Sithias smiled. “No, you don’t.  We want you here.”
Alric glanced over at Finn, who was just coming out of being frozen.
“That’s it!” Finn yelled, heading toward Kyrin.  She stepped away from him when Alric took his arm.
“Finn,” Alric started.
“I warned you about freezing me!” Finn said angrily.  “I let the last one go, but not this one!  Come here.”
“What?” Kyrin asked, eyes wide.
“I warned you that if you froze me again I’d put you over my knee, and I’m sticking with it!”
Alric pulled on his arm. “Finn, not now.”
Sithias watched them with amusement.  He realized how irritating it must be to be frozen.
“You wouldn’t.”  Kyrin took another step back.
When Finn pulled away from Alric and took off after Kyrin, she spun and ran into the trees, followed by the angry captain.
Alric smiled slightly at Sithias. “I’d like to say she didn’t have this coming.”
“He can’t catch her,” Sithias told him.  “She has her enchanted boots on.”
“Which will tick him off.”
“True”
“My money’s on the captain,” one of the knights said as he watched where the two of them had disappeared through the trees.
“No way,” another countered.  “Have you seen her run with those boots on?  Even a horse can’t catch her.”
“I’m torn,” Alric said.  “She’s my wife.  I should go protect her from Finn.”
“However?” Sithias asked, still clearly amused at what was going on.
“However, he did warn her, and it is extremely frustrating to be frozen.”

***

Kyrin rolled over in bed and saw that Alric was already gone, and the twins were in his place.  She smiled at the way Ryche looked in his sleep.  It amazed her how much he looked like Alric.  She wasn’t sure who Sedomer looked like but figured it must be a combination of both of them.
Sedomer opened his eyes and smiled at Kyrin.
“Good morning,” she said, brushing the hair from his eyes.
“Shhh,” he whispered, pointing to Ryche.
Kyrin briefly wondered when it happened.  When had she fallen in love with a child?  Being a mother started out as a way to prove to Alric that she could do it, but somewhere along the way, it had come true.
She nodded. “I know, shhh.”
Sedomer looked at the door. “Is Finn there?”
“I don’t know,” Kyrin whispered, glancing at the door also.  She knew he was still trying to catch her.  She had eluded him with her boots and returned to Valhara in safety, and in the weeks since then, she’d managed to stay clear of him.  She knew eventually she would run into him and just hoped he wasn’t mad when she did.
“I get him,” Sedomer said, and then jumped out of bed and ran for the door.
“Sed, no!” Kyrin gasped.
The toddler threw open the door and looked up at Finn. “You leave Mommy alone!”
Finn glanced into the room and saw Kyrin still in bed.  He pulled Sedomer out into the hallway and shut the door behind him.  No matter what his vendetta was, it wasn’t worth walking into the king’s room when the Lady wasn’t dressed.
Ryche stirred slightly and yawned before looking around. “Where’s Sed?”
“I think Finn kidnapped him.”
“I go,” Ryche said, but then stretched instead.
Kyrin pulled him under the covers. “Let’s sleep first.  We’ll rescue your brother later.”
Ryche nodded and curled up next to Kyrin.  It was almost an hour later when Alric came into the room and saw them both asleep still.
“Lazy,” Alric chuckled, and then grabbed his chain mail shirt from the frame it was kept on.
Kyrin looked over. “Are we at war?”
“I don’t know yet.  Our scouts that went to check on an outlying village didn’t make it back.”
“Can’t Sithias just tell you?”
“He leaves it to us.  We aren’t entirely helpless you know.”
Kyrin sat up and looked around. “Does Finn still have Sedomer?”
“Yes, and he fed him chocolate cake for breakfast,” Alric said, slipping on his belt.
Kyrin frowned. “That nasty stuff for breakfast?”
“He can’t catch you alone.  I think he’s going to take it out on your sons.”
“Perfect”
“Want to go with?” Alric asked her.
“Not really.”
He reached down and kissed her softly. “I’ll leave Finn here with you then.  I’m taking half of the knights.”
“Take Finn.”
Alric grinned mischievously. “No, he warned you.”
“Fine,” she sighed, and then laid back down in bed.
“Are you just going to sleep today?”
She nodded and then wrapped an arm around sleeping Ryche.   When Alric left and she heard the door shut, she smiled slightly and burrowed deeper into the warm covers.
“Mommy!” Sedomer yelled from the door.  Kyrin looked up and saw that the sun was high in the sky already.  She checked on Ryche before sitting up in bed.
Dewell knocked on the door from behind Sedomer. “Lady Kyrin?”
“Yeah?” she asked, pulling the covers up higher against her chest.
“May I come in?”
She nodded and then picked Ryche up when he woke up. “What’s wrong, Dewell?”
“Are you ill?” he asked, sitting down on the chair by the bed.
“No, why?”
“The knights were worried.”
“Why’s that?”
“You have slept rather late this morning.”
She smiled crookedly. “I’m avoiding Finn.”
Dewell studied her. “Is that all?”
“Seriously, I’m fine.  I’ll get up now.”
The priest finally nodded and then left the room.
“Get up!” Sedomer said, tossing her a pair of pants.
“Bossy little thing, aren’t you?” she laughed.  Kyrin grabbed one of the shorter dresses and disappeared behind the dressing curtain.
“What’s that?” Ryche asked when the mountain’s battle horn sounded.
Kyrin tossed the dress onto the floor and put on her fighting gear. “I’m not sure.  I’ll go see.”
Just as Kyrin was pulling on her belt and flail, someone knocked.
Finn came in. “We’re under attack.”
“By who?” Kyrin asked, slipping on her black shadow elf gloves.
“Shadowmere”
Emerisa came in and took the twins just as Kyrin ran down the stairs with Finn.  When they emerged onto the front lawn, the remaining knights of Valhara were already in battle with Shadowmere.  Kyrin wasn’t sure how many Shadowmere there were, but the knights looked outnumbered by the hulking warriors in black.
Finn disappeared into the fight, and Kyrin began chanting softly as her hands glowed red.  She was able to easily take out the first Shadowmere, because he had his back to her.  When he fell though, those around him saw her and came toward her.
Kyrin started tossing spells at them, but they were able to block most of them.  She saw horses arrive just when she took out the closest Shadowmere, and she realized that Alric had returned with the rest of the knights.
They immediately fell into the battle, and Kyrin turned her attention to the Shadowmere in front of her.  He grinned at her with broken teeth, and she drew her flail.  She hated how they were getting more adept at blocking her spells, but she felt better knowing that they taught her how to use a weapon.
Kyrin dodged a sword strike aimed at her neck and brought her flail up between the Shadowmere’s legs, instantly dropping him to his knees.  Once down, she caved in the side of his head with the heavy steel balls of her flail.
“Kyrin.”  She heard the angry voice from behind her and panic almost stopped her heart.
Alric finished off his Shadowmere and turned just as Kyrin slowly faced the Shadowmere that called her.
“Mika?” Kyrin said, tensing.
“You didn’t think I’d miss out on staking a claim to Paragoy, do you?” he asked, circling her slowly.
Kyrin turned with him. “It was stupid coming in here, Mika.  You aren’t going to leave.”
“I came after property that I own!”
“I don’t belong to you.”
“I paid for you,” Mika said, now sneering.  “You are mine by Kyrstalis property laws.”
“Funny, we’re not in Kyrstalis.”  Kyrin’s hand tightened on her flail when Mika drew his sword.
“If I can’t have my own property, then no one can.  You leaving me was a stupid mistake, Kyrin.  I would have treated you decently.”
“You wouldn’t know decent if it smacked you in the face!”
“Well now you’re going to have to endure years in the stockade room until I forgive you.”
“I’m not going back with you.  I’d die first.”
Mika struck out at Kyrin, and she barely jerked away from his long-sword. “I’m okay with that too.  Go to your death knowing that your precious Paragoy is now under Shadowmere control.”
Alric was watching them closely and was aware that around him, the knights were finishing off the last of the Shadowmere and also turning to watch the confrontation.
When Mika again swung at Kyrin and missed, Finn ran forward, but Alric put his hand out and stopped him. “Let her do this.”
“Sir?” Finn asked, frowning.
“She needs to handle this on her own,” Alric told him, though his eyes never left Kyrin and Mika.
Kyrin swung at his sword when Mika again lunged at her.  The metal chain wrapped around the thick blade, and she jerked back, trying to disarm him.  Mika was able to keep a firm grip on his sword, but his eyes became more furious.
Mika brought his sword up over his head and tried to slam it down onto her, but she held her flail up and blocked the hit.  Kyrin then rolled out from under the attack and proceeded to kick Mika between the legs before standing up.
He veered away from her and held the sword in front of him defensively while he recovered.  Kyrin slowly began to circle him, out of breath and still gripping her flail tightly.
“You owe me,” Mika scowled.
“I owe you nothing!”
“I gave you that weapon and taught you to use it.  You were supposed to be my protector, not the one trying to kill me.”
Kyrin tried to sidestep when he swung at her, but he managed to slice into her right arm slightly before she jerked out of the way of his blade.
Saith had arrived at the fight and started forward when blood poured from Kyrin’s arm.  Alric held him back. “Leave them alone.”
“She’s injured, my Lord!” Saith said, shocked.
“It’s her right to take Mika down.”  Alric had a strong internal conflict.  He knew that Kyrin needed this, but it was hard to watch his wife in a battle and not help her.
Kyrin immediately swapped the flail to her left hand when she felt her right arm becoming weaker.
“Awww, did I hurt you?” Mika asked, faking concern.
Alric was relieved when he saw that Kyrin’s eyes were a deep black, and her face was almost shadowed.  He wasn’t sure he’d seen her this angry before and knew that anger fueled her.
Kyrin brought her flail down quickly toward Mika’s head, but he held up his shield and blocked the hit, but the shield cracked slightly, so Mika tossed it aside and growled at her.
“Why doesn’t she freeze him?!” Finn whispered to Alric.
“She wants a fair fight.  She has to prove to herself that she can beat him.”
“Still, she could freeze him and kill him easily.”
Alric just nodded.
Kyrin ducked under a sword strike that would have removed her head, and then she came up and slammed her flail into Mika’s side.  He roared and then recoiled and held his sword out again, though it was obvious he was in pain now.
The furious attacks that followed were hard for the Valharans to see clearly.  Kyrin and Mika attacked each other relentlessly but somehow managed to avoid the other’s weapon.  As time passed, their fighting slowed.  Both were bleeding from numerous wounds and breathing rapidly.
“She can’t keep this up,” Finn whispered.
“She’s fine,” Alric told him.
Finn sighed and watched the fight.  By now, Kyrin and Mika were completely surrounded by Valharan knights.  The Shadowmere had overestimated their strength and didn’t bring enough to obliterate the Valharans as expected.
“Give up,” Mika panted, still clutching his side.
“Look around, Mika.  The Valharans wiped out your little army, and whether I kill you or not, you’re not getting out of here,” she replied.
“You can’t kill me!  I trained you!”
Mika swung hard at Kyrin, and she lunged a second too late and caught his blade on her side.  It didn’t penetrate the shadow elf armor but still sent her flying backwards onto the ground on her stomach.
Alric quickly unsheathed his sword and slid it toward her on the grass.  Without thinking, Kyrin grabbed it as she rolled onto her back.  Mika was just springing for her and with one swift strike, Kyrin decapitated the Shadowmere’s leader.  His heavy body fell onto hers as blood squirted from his neck, and his head came to rest at Alric’s feet.
Kyrin swallowed hard and pushed Mika off of her.  She looked down at her blood covered arms and then scanned the knights around her.
“Stay back,” Finn whispered when Saith started forward.  He could tell by the look on her face that she would attack anyone who got near her.
Kyrin stood with the sword in one hand and her flail in the other and fell defensive.
“Kyrin?” Alric said softly.  When she turned to look at him, he saw her eyes were still black, and she was enraged.
“Back up,” Finn ordered, and the circle of knights all moved away from her.
She spun, watching carefully as they moved away.
Alric put his hands out and took a step toward her. “Kyrin?  Look at me.  We’re not going to attack you.  The Shadowmere are dead.”
She glared at him, and her hands tightened on the weapons as she snarled.
“Can I have my sword?” he asked, putting a hand out.
Kyrin glanced down as Mika’s blood pooled around her feet.
“He’s dead.”
She looked again at the blood dripping down the blade of Alric’s sword and then to the gaping wound on her arm.
Alric moved close enough to touch her, so he reached out and gently pried his sword from her trembling hand.  She again surveyed the area and saw the bodies from dead Valharans and Shadowmere but only saw the Valharans still standing.
When she looked up at Alric, her eyes were warming back to brown and the menacing aura she put out was gone.
He smiled. “You did it.  Mika’s gone.”
Kyrin gave Mika’s corpse a swift kick before limping off toward the trees.
“Kyrin, wait,” Alric said, following her.  “You need healed.”
She didn’t answer, and he knew she was heading for the temple, so he let her go.  When he turned, the knights were gathering their fallen Valharans so a count could be made.  The Shadowmere were haphazardly piled into a heap, to be dealt with later.
“How many?” Alric asked, walking up to Finn.
Finn took one more paper from another knight before answering. “We lost 86.  There were 115 Shadowmere.  We’re lucky we outnumbered them.  They are extremely good at fighting.”
“I wonder how many there are left.”
“Kyrin would be the one to ask,” Finn said, looking toward the trees where she disappeared.
“If I had to guess, they’re going to come after their leader,” Alric whispered.
Finn just nodded.
“Prepare the bodies for burial and get me a list.  I want to inform their families myself,” Alric said.  “I need to talk to Sithias.  It’s time to close off Paragoy.”
“But Kyrin.”
Alric didn’t answer.  He took a deep breath and walked into the castle.
Kyrin arrived at the temple completely calm.  The pain in her arm had grown while she walked, and she was anxious to get to the castle and have it taken care of.  One of the Keepers met her at the door and opened it for her.  She walked in and saw that one of them was already waiting with supplies to stitch her wounds.
She shook her head. “Don’t bother.  I’ll have Alric fix it later.  Prepare to move.”
The closest Keeper looked at her, confused.
“I just killed the leader of the Shadowmere.  It’s only a matter of time before they come for revenge, and the Valharans can’t fight off that many.  I have to get out of here so they can seal the dimension.”
He nodded and then moved quickly up the stairs.
“Kyrin,” Daemionis said angrily.
She turned to see the demon standing in the middle of the largest room in the temple.  With some effort, she was able to make it to her knees.
“Why did you order them to pack?” he asked, seething.
“My Lord, I killed Mika.”
“So?!”
“So the Shadowmere will want revenge.  Sithias is sure to seal off the dimension, and we can’t be here when he does or we won’t be able to get out.”
“No!  I didn’t come this far in my quest to take over Paragoy just to have you mess things up,” Daemionis roared.  “Fix this!”
“I can’t fix it,” she said softly.  “Sithias was already talking about sealing off the dimension.  Now he has even more of a reason.”
He took a step toward her, slamming his hooves against the wooden floor. “If I lose this dimension, Kyrin, you will pay for it.”
“I can’t stop them.”
“You better!  You knew killing Mika would cause the Shadowmere to come here.  You knew by killing the leader, Sithias would have to seal Paragoy, yet you did it anyway.  I suggest you fix it.”
She sighed. “I can talk to Sithias.”
“Do more than talk.  Your life depends on it!” he yelled, and then disappeared in a crack of thunder.

***

Alric looked over at King Qualsax as they stood in the clearing between their kingdoms.  Never before had both gods of Paragoy called their subjects to a mutual meeting.  Both were devoid of weapons, as instructed, and both were nervous and ready for the other one to attack.
Erianah appeared first, and as King Qualsax bowed, Sithias shimmered beside her.  Alric bowed also but stayed standing in case of an attack.
Sithias glanced sorrowfully at Erianah and then sighed. “We have decided to seal off Paragoy from the other dimensions permanently.”
Alric nodded and looked down at the ground.
“My Lady?” King Qualsax asked.
She looked at him. “Those other worlds I spoke of, the ones which the Lady of Valhara comes from, they have breached into Paragoy and now pose a threat to both of our kingdoms.”
He nodded. “Will that affect us though?”
“Yes.  It will take Sithias and I about an hour to seal all of the permanent portals into and out of our world.  During that time, the portals will be open, and we have to be ready for attacks,” Erianah explained.
“What about the portals that appear randomly?” Alric asked.
“Once the permanent portals are sealed, the random ones will cease to exist,” Sithias said.  “There are three portals in Qualsax, three in Valhara, and then six more scattered throughout the lands of Paragoy.  We hope that by manning each one and stopping anyone who comes through, we can do this without much bloodshed.”
Alric nodded, and Sithias knew what he really wanted to know.
“Once the portals are sealed,” Erianah said, “there’s no going back.  Never again will Paragoy be accessible to the other dimensions.  It’s a scary thing to do, as someday we may need outside resources, but we see no other choice.”
When the gods disappeared, Alric and King Qualsax both headed back toward their horses without saying a word to each other.  
Saith was waiting for Alric when he arrived. “Sir, there’s a problem in the city temple.”
“What now?” Alric asked.  He couldn’t imagine anything being worse than it was already.
“Lady Kyrin is screaming at Sithias.”
Alric cringed. “About what?”
“Something about closing off Paragoy,” Saith explained.  “She’s pretty mad.”
Alric kicked his horse and raced into the city.  The priests were all standing outside of the temple and watched nervously when the Holy Knight rode up.  He could hear Kyrin screaming as he neared the front doors.
“You can’t do this!” Kyrin yelled.  “You can’t close off this dimension.”
“I explained why, and it’s agreed upon by both deities of this world,” Sithias said calmly.
“What if the drought hits?  What if, I don’t know, what if this dimension decides to cave in on itself?  You won’t be able to get your people out.”
“Keeping out the Consortiums will keep out the drought.  We are self-sustaining here.”
Alric walked in just as Kyrin crossed her arms. “You realize I’m leaving.”
“Yes,” Sithias said, motioning Alric forward.
“You don’t even care?”
“I do and you know it.  I care deeply about your welfare, but I have thousands of lives at stake.”
“That’s it then?  You don’t care what anyone else thinks?”
Sithias studied her. “I felt Daemionis earlier.  Is he behind this?”
Kyrin glanced nervously at Alric. “No.”
“Which is a lie,” Sithias said.  “Has he threatened you if the portals close?”
“He didn’t threaten anything.  He came to see why I ordered the Keepers to pack.”
“So he’s okay with this?”
“No, he’s not okay with this!  No one’s okay with this.”
Alric finally spoke, “What did he threaten to do to you if the portals are sealed?”
Kyrin just looked at him.
“He wants to be a deity of this world,” Sithias explained to him.  “That was his plan from the second Kyrin stepped foot into Paragoy.  I would imagine he’s furious at the thought of losing this dream.”
“He doesn’t need this dimension,” Kyrin said angrily.
Alric tried to take her hand, but she pulled it away from him.
“It’s important that you listen to me,” Sithias said to her.  “When the portals close, that means Daemionis cannot enter here either, even if you are still here.  Whatever he’s threatened can’t come to pass.  You would be safe from him, even in death.”
“You have no idea what he’s capable of!”
“I do though.”
“Then don’t do this.  You think magic is so precious.  We don’t know if either of the twins even have the ability.  Yet you’re so anxious to get rid of the only magic user left alive,” Kyrin said.
“I’m not anxious to get rid of you.  Magic or no, I cannot allow the Consortiums to gain access to Paragoy.  You know now that Mika is dead, they will come sooner than expected.”
Suddenly, Kyrin screamed and threw her hands forward, sending a gray ball of fire toward Sithias.  He didn’t even move as it flew through him and crashed against the back wall of the temple.  She turned and stormed out of the temple.
Alric looked up at his god. “Did that hurt?”
Sithias shook his head. “No.  I saw it coming and prepared.”
“She doesn’t think you can keep her away from Daemionis.”
“I know that.  He’s threatened her.  I’m almost sure of it.”
“I didn’t realize he wanted to become a deity here.”
“I knew from the start.”
“Yet you let him build here?” Alric asked, frowning.
“I knew he would get no further.”
“She’s going to leave,” Alric said, looking back at the door.
“I know.  We have two options.  We let her walk out, never to see her again and lose all magic…”
“Or?”
“Or we keep her here by force.  If we keep her hands apart, there’s not a lot she can do,” Sithias explained.
Alric sighed. “So I keep her here where she hates me, or I let her go?”
“Do you see any other possibilities?
“I can’t make arrangements to have forces at the open portals and try to keep her here at the same time.  Can we delay the sealing by even a week?”
“If it comes down to that, we must let her go.  I once heard a wise man say that the many are more important than the few, or in this case, the one.”
Alric sighed. “But.”
“I know, King Alric.  Your duty lies with the people of Valhara and with your sons.”
Alric nodded and then looked up when Sithias disappeared.  The priests had returned to the temple and were waiting for him when he walked out.
“Sir?” Saith asked.
“We’re sealing off the dimension.  That means Kyrin’s leaving.”
“We heard who she killed.  They will be waiting for her.”
“I know that!” Alric snapped.  He then took a deep breath and went out to his horse.  He had to try to stop Kyrin and had only limited time to get enough knights to the portals to stop anyone from entering.
The knights were gathered on the front lawn, facing Finn and the other captain.  They were waiting for word from their King on what to do now.  All of them had seen Kyrin return to the castle, and the fury in her features made them afraid of what the king would tell them.
Alric dismounted and then walked up to face them. “Sithias and Erianah have agreed that Paragoy is to be sealed off from both sides.  Portals into and out of our world will be eternally shut.”
Finn looked at him, shocked.
“For the period of one hour, all permanent portals into Paragoy will be left open for anyone to enter.  We must man them and stop anyone from coming in.  Once sealed, we’ll be safe from the kinds of attacks we’ve seen over the last few weeks.”
“How many do we need to cover?” Finn asked him.
“There are three within Valhara, and we are to cover three in outlying villages.  We have to completely control those six at all costs.”
“What about Lady Kyrin?” one of the knights asked.  He was one that traveled the dimensions with her and was worried about her threat to leave.
Alric sighed. “I will try to get her to stay.  She’s never had to stay in a dimension, and she’s fighting this.  Ultimately, I won’t restrain her though.”
“Why not?” he asked.  “You haven’t seen it!  They are going to kill her.”
Alric simply turned and walked into the castle.
Finn took a deep breath. “Focus on your tasks and leave the Lady to the king.  There will be six groups, putting 34 knights at each portal.  I want you there a day in advance and a day after.  Get in your groups and start working with the team lead to get assignments.”
When the knights began preparations, Finn went inside to find Alric and Kyrin.  He was afraid Kyrin might take an aggressive stance and wanted to make sure that Alric was protected.  He knew that Alric wouldn’t hurt Kyrin, even in self-defense, which could lead to the king being fatally injured.
“When?” Kyrin asked Alric as Finn came up the stairs.
“The sealing will happen in three days.  They’ve given us that time to send people to the permanent portals,” Alric explained.
“That’s it then?  I have three days?”
“Stay here.”
“I can’t stay here!  Stop asking me that.  You know what the price is for staying.”
“I also know the price for leaving here.  The Shadowmere may not know that you killed Mika, but they are going to suspect it when Mika and his warriors don’t return and you appear again.”
“I will run.  I’m good at that, and that’s all I can do.”
“You can’t run forever.  Someday, they will catch you.”
“When they do, I have my poisons.”
“You’re just going to die then?” Alric asked.
Kyrin nodded and went through her bag. “The Shadowmere aren’t going to kill me right off.  They’ll want me to suffer first.  Poison will be fast and painless.”
“Our sons need a mother.”
“They will be fine here.  They have you.”
“I’m not the same.”
“It’s out of the question.  I can’t trade off a few years of luxury for eternal damnation.  I’ve seen into Daemionis’ hell, and I won’t do anything to spend an eternity there.”
“How have you seen it?” Alric asked her.  
She tried not to even think about her mission into his hell to retrieve information from a tortured soul named Gaffney.  When she endured the torment and found the soul of the man, he was hollow and sunken with despair.  As soon as she got the information Daemionis wanted, the demon pulled her into his palace, where it took her a few weeks to get over what she’d seen and experienced.
“That’s not important, okay?  I can’t stay.  I’ll help cover one of the portals, but the second it’s about to close, I go through.”
“Stay, please.”
Kyrin looked at the expectant faces around her. “I can’t.”
With that, Kyrin disappeared into the bedroom.
“We can restrain her,” Finn whispered.  “I’ve done it before.  You slip a pole through her sleeves and shackle the pole to the wall.”
“I can’t force her to stay if she doesn’t want to be here,” Alric said sadly.
“She does want to be here though.”
“Not if it damns her soul to eternal torment.”
They both looked over when Emerisa came out of the bedroom.  She’d been watching over the twins and looked upset.
“She needs to be alone for a few minutes,” Emerisa told them.
“What’s wrong?” Alric asked.
“She’s… well she wouldn’t admit it, but she’s crying.”
He sighed and looked at the door.
“Trust me, sire.  She needs to be alone right now.  She’s saying good-bye to the twins.”  Emerisa choked up before saying more, and then she quickly walked down the stairs.
“My king?” the knight’s captain said, coming up the stairs.
Alric kept watching the door. “Yes?”
“We’re ready to head out to our locations.”
“Do so.  Finn, Kyrin, and I will be watching the portal in the orchard.”
“Yes, my Liege,” he said, and then bowed and walked down the stairs.
“I didn’t know there was a portal in the orchard.”
“I didn’t either until Sithias told me.  I think Kyrin sees so many portals, she just doesn’t mention them.”
“I think we should toss Naylor out too,” Finn suggested.
Alric nodded. “I guess.  It’s what he deserves.”
“I’ll bring him out when it’s time.”
“Let’s not force him through the same portal Kyrin will go through.  I wouldn’t put it past him to somehow drag her directly to the Shadowmere.”
“Wouldn’t put it past him?  I’d bet my life on it.”
“Have the group over by Aloria toss him out there.”
Finn nodded and went off to talk to the group.  Alric gave Kyrin some time alone and then walked in as she hugged the twins.  He decided not to mention her red eyes as he knelt down beside them.
“She go bye-bye,” Ryche told him.
Alric nodded. “Yes, I know.”
“We be good,” Sedomer said.
He just smiled.
Kyrin kissed their cheeks and then stood up. “You promised to be good, so I’m holding you to that.”
“We be good!” Ryche said, frowning.  The look on his face was the same look that Alric often gave her when she was being difficult.
Alric ruffled his hair. “You’re always good.”
“See,” Sedomer said to Kyrin.
She nodded, fighting back the tears.  
“We have two days before we have to man the portal,” Alric said, standing up.  “Let’s try to spend it normally.”
“How?” she asked, looking up at him.
“Let’s start with dinner.”




Chapter 10

“It’s happening,” Alric said, looking up at the black clouds forming above their heads.  It had gone from bright and sunny, to dark with a lightning filled sky in less than five minutes.  The winds started also, and the knights drew their swords.
“It’s open,” Kyrin told him, looking into the portal.  She didn’t recognize the other side and wondered what would be waiting for her when she stepped through.  Alric had tried for the last three days to persuade her to stay, but she wasn’t convinced that she would be safe from Daemionis if she stayed.
“Do you see anyone?”
“No”
“Will you see them before they cross?”
She nodded, and her hand tightened on her flail.
“Sithias will be sealing this one last,” Alric said.  “So we have about an hour to make sure that no one crosses into Paragoy and lives.”
“Then what about you?” one of the knights asked Kyrin.
“I’ll go through as soon as Sithias is ready to seal it.”
“We can’t change your mind?”
“No”
He sighed, obviously wanting to say more, but Alric shot him a glance to stay quiet.
Kyrin moved forward a little to see better through the portal, but Finn put his hand on her arm. “Just stay back for now, okay?”
She looked up at him and smiled slightly. “You don’t trust me to say good-bye first?”
“No, I don’t.”
“Come on, Finn!  I trust you now.”
“No, you don’t,” he said, chuckling.
“Yes, I do, or I would have just killed you a long time ago.”
“You couldn’t kill me if you wanted.”
“Is that a challenge?”
“Stay,” he said, falling serious.
Kyrin turned to look through the door again.  She refused to cry in front of everyone but was finding it harder to breathe the closer it came for time to shift out of Paragoy forever.
The hour passed too quickly, and when Alric gave notice that the gods were only two portals from theirs, Kyrin started to panic.  The thunder and lightning had grown worse and everyone had to look through water dripping down their faces from the rain.  No one dared look away from the portal, but it was starting to get cold.
An extra loud crack of thunder sounded, and Kyrin gasped when Daemionis appeared before her. “Stop this!”
“I can’t stop it,” she said, stepping back.
He took one menacing step toward her. “I warned you not to let this happen.”
“Daemionis”
“She can’t stop it,” Alric said, stepping between Daemionis and Kyrin.  “So back off.”
“She is mine!” Daemionis roared.  “I gave her an order, and she failed me.  She has to pay for that.”
“No!”
Daemionis bellowed loudly, and the force sent everyone in the area flying back onto the ground.  The sheer power knocked the wind out of them, and it took some time for them to get to their feet.
Alric knelt for a second and regained his breath before standing to see Kyrin walking up to Daemionis.
“Leave them alone!” Kyrin yelled.
Daemionis snarled down at her. “You can’t talk to me like this.  You are mine to do with as I wish, and you failed me!”
“I don’t care what you do to me, but you leave the Valharans alone!  They’re better off keeping you out of here.”
When Daemionis backhanded Kyrin to the ground, Alric ran forward but slammed into a magical shield that he didn’t even know Kyrin had cast.
“You will not defy me!” Daemionis said, standing above her.
“I’m done with you,” Kyrin whispered, struggling to her feet.  “I’ve done what you asked.  I got you in here, and it’s not my fault that they’ve decided to lock you out.”
“I don’t care what you’ve done for me in the past!  I ordered you to stop this sealing!  You will pay for this by joining Gaffney.”
“I know that,” she said, squaring her shoulders off at him, “but I’ll be in hell knowing that I protected those I care about from you.”
Kyrin flew back and crashed into the magical shield, where she slumped down against the ground.
Daemionis walked up to her. “Consider yourself damned, Kyrin.  You knew the oath, and you chose to break it.  An eternity suffering will teach you to take the side of mortals over your own god!  I took a risk in taking you in and protecting you.  I was wrong.”
“Protecting me?” Kyrin asked, panting.  “You’ve done nothing but torment me.  Nothing you can do to me can be any worse than how I would feel if you destroyed what the Valharans have here.”
“I don’t have to take that from you!”
Kyrin fell to the ground, and her back arched as a scream escaped her lips.  Blood began to pour from her skin as Daemionis growled at her and his hands tightened into fists.
“Do you feel that, Kyrin?!”  Daemionis yelled.  “That’s nothing compared to what I have planned for you.”
“Stop it!” Alric screamed, trying to break through the magic shield.
Daemionis turned to him while Kyrin screamed again in agony. “See that, boy?  That’s what happens when you defy a god.  This is your fault!  She was loyal to me.  She followed my orders and did as she was told.  You can live here in paradise knowing you led her into an eternity of misery.”
When Sithias and Erianah appeared inside of the magic shield beside Daemionis, the demon spun and crouched as if to attack.
It didn’t take long for Sithias to see what was happening, so he turned on Daemionis. “Release her.”
“No!  She is mine, and this is nothing compared to what she has coming!” Daemionis said, taking one step away from the two indigenous gods.
“Get out of my dimension and take your little slave too,” Erianah yelled at him.
“Release her from pain!” Sithias ordered.
Daemionis grinned when she screamed again as the pain grew. “You cannot tell me what to do.”
“You aren’t going to carry her out of here,” Sithias told him.  “If she goes with you, then she walks of her own volition.”
“She’s not going to choose you over me!” Daemionis said, grinning.  “She will always choose evil.”
Erianah glanced at the portal. “Sithias, we have to seal it.”
“She walks or she stays,” Sithias told the demon again.
Daemionis looked down at Kyrin when the pain stopped, and she rolled onto her hands and knees.  She groaned softly as she got to her feet and turned to face the demon.  Blood was still dripping down her face, and she leaned against the portal to catch her breath.
“Come,” Daemionis said, and stepped toward the portal.
Kyrin swallowed hard and shook her head. “No, Daemionis.  I’m staying here.”
His eyes narrowed and his lip curled. “You heard me.  We’re leaving.”
“I’ve given you years of loyalty, and it was never enough,” she said through the pain.  “I know that by staying here I will be returning to you when I die.”
“He cannot get your soul from Paragoy,” Sithias told her softly.
She shook her head. “I know of Amoxy, but I’m going to spend the rest of my life here.”
Daemionis growled loudly and the ground shook. “Do not defy me!”
“Get out of my dimension,” Erianah said angrily.
He backed slowly away from the gods of Paragoy. “Last chance, bitch!  Come with me, and I may someday forgive you.”
Sithias and Erianah turned toward the portal, and the portal appeared to the others as a bright light shown from around it.  Alric kept an eye on Kyrin, praying silently that she kept her resolve to stay.
“I’m staying,” Kyrin said to him, seconds before he roared and disappeared in a loud crash of thunder.
When the light faded from the portal, the sky began to clear and turn blue again, and Sithias turned to Kyrin.  Her magical shield faded, and Alric stepped toward her slowly.
With eyes locked on where the portal had disappeared, Kyrin sunk to her knees and whispered softly, “What have I done?”
Alric knelt down beside her and tried to take her hand, but she pulled it away from him.
“Don’t touch me,” she said, barely above a whisper.
“Kyrin, you’re safe here,” Alric told her.
Sithias moved to block her sight of the soft shadow where the portal had been. “Even in death, he can’t get to you.  You made the right decision staying here.”
Kyrin screamed suddenly and grabbed her right wrist.  Alric tried to take her hand to see what was wrong, but she turned away from him and cradled it as blood poured from her wrist.
“The bond is breaking,” Sithias explained.  “Kyrin, Alric can stop the pain.”
Kyrin stumbled to her feet and looked around at the knights, who were all watching her.  She hated the pity in their eyes and wanted to lash out at them and make them suffer for what she had done.  
Finn finally stepped forward. “Kyrin, what can we do?”
“You can just leave me alone,” she said, and then started unevenly toward the trees.
“Kyrin,” Alric said, standing.
“Stay, Holy Knight,” Sithias said, putting his hand out.  “I cannot explain what she is going through to you, so trust me.  She needs to figure this out on her own.”
Alric nodded and watched her vanish into the trees.  Finn turned to the knights and ordered them all back to the barracks.  He didn’t think they needed to be in on the conversation he was sure Alric was about to have with Sithias.
When Finn went to leave, Sithias called out for him, “Captain, stay.”
Finn nodded and then dropped to his knees before the god.  Alric normally would have knelt also, but he was still watching the trees where Kyrin had disappeared.
“Kyrin is what we call a loyal evil,” Sithias said softly.  “She holds loyalty in great regards, and it wasn’t easy to choose between two different loyalties.  She will be protected, as promised, even in death, but she doesn’t think so.  In her mind, she’s damned herself for what she’s done.”
“Then why did she?” Alric asked.
Sithias smiled. “For you, for Finn, and though she would deny it, for me.  She’s loyal to us and put that loyalty before the loyalty of the demon.  The next few months are going to be difficult for her as she comes to terms with what’s happened.  I fully expect her to disappear for a while.”
“But she can’t shift,” Alric said, confused.
“No, but she can still wander.  It’s in her nature to move, not to run away necessarily but to walk when she needs to think.  I will watch over her in private but don’t expect her back soon.”
“She wouldn’t just disappear,” Finn said.
Sithias looked toward the trees. “She needs to find herself and to find her new path in life.  I’m sure she’ll also look out for a portal, but she won’t find any in Paragoy.”
“If she did find a portal, would she shift?”
“That I don’t know.  I would imagine not.  The damage is done and stepping out of Paragoy would only bring the torment on sooner.”
“We can’t help her?” Alric asked.
“You can, by being patient and letting her go.  She’ll be back.”
“And her wrist?”
“By now, the branding is gone, and the bleeding will have stopped.  When she returns, there will be no sign of it.”
“The tattoo too?”
“No, that wasn’t placed there by Daemionis.”
“It’s his wolves though.”
“Creteloc did that to her, at her request.  As it’s not the branding of the demon, it will stay.”
Finn stood slowly. “I need to lead some knights in to see to the eunuchs.”
“Daemionis took them with him,” Sithias explained.  He glanced again at the trees and then disappeared.

***

Kyrin opened up the door to the temple and looked inside.  It seemed more empty and hollow than she imagined, and she immediately knew that the Keepers were gone.  She stepped in and shut the door behind her.  The ‘D’ painted on the floor was faded, and the air seemed stale.  All of it was surprising as the Keepers had been there just a few hours before.
She checked her wrist and saw only a scab formed over what was once a brand.  Her flail seemed heavier than usual as she lifted the floor and looked down at the hidden room in the dark.  When the floor fell back into place, she jumped slightly at the sudden sound that broke the silence.  
In the back room, Kyrin found her hidden stash of supplies.  A black shadow elf vest, a cloak, and another backpack were stowed beneath her bed.  Even though she was already prepared to leave Paragoy and had all of her belongings in her enchanted backpack, she wanted to take the extra sets, just in case.
Not even sure where she was going, Kyrin headed out of the temple and started walking away from Valhara.  She knew the Qualsax lands well enough that she could skirt the outer edge, and she hoped to hit the other side of their domain within two days.  Her speed boots were going to carry her faster past them.
When she started to run and the terrain flew by, tears began to form.  She wasn’t sure why she had done what she did, as she fully planned on shifting out to save her soul.  When Daemionis threatened the Valharans though, something in her snapped, and she knew she had to stand up to Daemionis once and for all.  
As much as she hoped that Sithias was right and her soul was safe from the demon, she couldn’t quite trust him enough to feel comfortable with the decision.  She hoped to find a lingering portal, and then she was going to try to reason with Daemionis not to send her into torment.
By the time she reached the rim of Qualsax land, it was starting to get dark, and she could see her breath as she ran.  Fueled by absolute panic, she ran through the night, stopping only when she had to figure out where she was.

***

“I can’t calm him down,” Emerisa said, carrying Ryche into the throne room.
Alric reached out and took the crying toddler. “Did he get hurt?”
“No, he wants Kyrin.”
Ryche put his head on Alric’s shoulder.
Alric patted his back gently. “She’ll be back.  I promise.”
Emerisa smiled. “I tried that.  He wants to know when.”
“When?” Ryche asked through sobs.
Alric kissed his forehead. “I don’t know when.”
“King?” Emerisa said softly.  “I’m worried about her.  It’s been a month.”
“I am too,” Alric said.  He smiled at Ryche when the toddler looked up him. “Better?”
He nodded and then looked around. “Is Mommy here?”
“No, she’s not.”
“Where is she?”
“I don’t really know.”
Emerisa immediately fell to her knees when Sithias appeared in the throne room.  Alric stood with the toddler, but Sithias motioned for him to sit.
“Have you seen her?” Alric asked him.
“Yes, she is fine,” Sithias said, frowning at the toddler.  “Is he injured?”
“No, he misses Kyrin.”
“She is still heading away from Valhara.”
“Where is she?”
“Tonight, she cleared the tallest peak of Mount Gore.”
Alric thought for a moment and then frowned. “Is she heading for Aloria?”
“Not on purpose.  She’s only been to Aloria by ship and doesn’t know the way on land.”
“She’s almost there.”
“I realize that.  I am trying to decide if I intervene before she steps through the gates of Aloria.  If she does, I will not be able to check on her,” Sithias explained.
“Still?  Tiasis has been dead for a hundred years.”
“His influence is still there, and the land belongs to him.”
“I’ll actually feel better with her there.”
“You will?” Emerisa asked Alric.
“It’s cold out there.  If she stays in Aloria, she will have shelter and warmth if she starts a fire.  I hate that she’s been sleeping out in the elements.”
“When she sleeps,” Sithias said.  “She sleeps only when she’s about to pass out from exhaustion.”
“Great”
“Just shut up!” Finn said, pushing Genessa into the throne room.  He saw Sithias and grabbed Genessa’s arm to keep her away from the god. “Sorry, my Lord.”
Sithias smiled. “It’s okay, Finn.  I will leave you to things.”
When he shimmered away, Finn roughly pushed Genessa up to the throne. “As requested, she’s here.”
Genessa looked around nervously. “What do you want now?”
Alric handed Ryche to Emerisa, and when she left the room, he sat back on his throne. “I’m going to let you go, Genessa.  I am sending you with a warning though.  If you ever set foot in Valhara again, you will face a lifetime in my dungeon.”
“Please, Alric,” she said, dropping to her knees.  “Let me stay here.  I beg you!”
“No”
“They don’t treat me well in Qualsax!  I’m nothing to them.  Please don’t do this.”
“You betrayed the throne of Valhara, and you aren’t welcome here.”
She was obviously starting to get angry. “You can’t send me back!  I’ll tell them about your evil’s magic use.”
“Erianah saw Kyrin use magic to protect the Valharans from Daemionis.  They already know.”
“Don’t send me away!  That… that thing with Falon.  It was your fault!” Genessa screamed.
Finn’s eyebrows rose. “This should be a good explanation.”
“Do go on,” Alric said to her.
“You brought that girl into our lives.  I loved you, and you loved her.”
“I didn’t fall in love with Kyrin until well after you were gone.  Now Finn will take you to the Qualsax borders, and then I don’t want to see you again.”
“No!” she screamed when Finn took her arm.  Alric watched as he pulled her out of the throne room.

***

Kyrin lowered herself behind a rock outcropping and watched the city below her.  From this angle, it looked like it may be Aloria, but she wasn’t sure.  Before she went through the gates, she wanted to make sure it was truly the abandoned city.
She’d been running farther away from Valhara in random directions for three months and was surprised that she’d come across the shadow elf’s home city.  When she was sure no one alive was inside the gates, Kyrin made her way down the mountainside and ran toward the city.  
The snow was deep and had been falling steadily all night.  Her speed boots were too wet to work properly, and her feet had bleeding blisters from all of the time running.  What she needed was somewhere with a roof overhead and a fireplace.  Even though walking among the skeletons didn’t sound appealing, she knew she had to find warmth, or she risked freezing to death.
As soon as she crossed into the city, she felt uneasy again.  A shiver ran up her spine, but she pushed forward and headed deeper inside.  She wanted to find a house toward the center of the city but far away from Tiasis’ temple.  The moon shining off of the brightly, new-fallen snow helped guide her way, and she soon found a home that was mostly intact.
A large building caught her attention.  It had tall stone pillars that were falling apart and surrounded in rubble.  Wondering what it was, she headed for it.  Almost falling when she slipped on ice at its entrance, she caught herself and stepped into a massive library.  There were huge shelves of books piled high with the records of Aloria.  
When she saw a fireplace sitting dead against a far wall, Kyrin smiled and walked over to it.  An old, decrepit chair was sitting beside it, so she put her things on it and then started piling books on top of long rotted wood.  Once full, she cast at it and the fire roared to life.
Using the light from the fire, Kyrin checked for skeletons anywhere near her but didn’t find any.  After stocking up on more books, she sat down and slipped off her boots.  The fire helped her feet to begin to thaw, and she looked over them, trying to decide how to lessen the pain from the blisters.  She didn’t want to use what little healing potion she had left.
Finally deciding her best bet was to just let her feet warm up and then not put the boots back on for a while, she dug around in her bag and pulled out a chunk of frozen meat.  Within minutes, she had rigged up a stick to cook it on and the smell of cooking deer filled the lifeless room.
Before long, she fell asleep on the hard floor in front of the fire.  She woke up when the fire began to die down, so she piled more books on it, and then was soon back asleep.  She hadn’t slept more than an hour or so at a time since she left Valhara, and she felt markedly better when she woke up.
The sun was up, but it was still dark outside because a new storm had arrived.  Kyrin put more books into the fire, and it roared back to life.  She sighed and looked around the library.
“Okay, Kyrin, time to stop moping,” she whispered, and then pulled her dagger from her bag.  It seemed to have lost its sheen, and no amount of buffing could bring it back.  All she could figure was that it was Daemionis’ ceremonial dagger and had lost its purpose.
Kyrin sighed and took the end of her long braid.  With a deep breath, she started to saw at it with the dagger.  Before long, she held over four feet of hair in her hands, so she tossed it into the fire.
It felt weird to her, having only shoulder-length hair now.  She twisted her neck slightly and marveled at the feel of it flowing.  What she hadn’t realized is that it had naturally soft curls, something the weight of her hair had pulled straight.
She wrinkled her nose at the smell of burning hair and decided it was a good time to look around the library again.  Kyrin limped slightly as she walked through the rows of books.  She gasped and grabbed the flail from her belt when she saw several sleeping rolls on the floor in the corner furthest from her fire.  
Crouching low, she peered around a bookshelf and saw several bags lying beside the bed rolls, along with two sets of skeletons in armor.  The armor told her all she needed though, and she stood up and walked over to what used to be the Shadowmere’s camp.
She first pulled all of the bed rolls over to her fire and stacked them on top of each other, creating a rather soft bed on the floor.  She admitted to herself that she preferred soft beds now, and sleeping on the hard ground made her miss them even more.  When she returned to the Shadowmere’s camp, she started going through each of the packs.
Finding nothing more than some gold coins, flasks of stagnant water, and some perverted drawings, she tossed them aside and turned to the skeletons.  One of them still had his sword on his belt, and she slipped the belt off of him and put it aside also.  The rest of the armor would be too big for her, and she preferred the lighter weight leather anyway.  
After making sure there was nothing else of value, she took the sheathed sword and went back to sit on the bed rolls to study it.  Whoever it belonged to was a high-ranking member of the Shadowmere.  His sword was more decorated than the rest and seemed to be of better quality than she’d seen before.
The handle was carved into the shape of a serpent, and a gem was embedded into its fanged open mouth.  The Shadowmere prided themselves on their weapons, so it was very well taken care of and exceedingly sharp.  She sheathed it and put it beside her things.
A few boring hours later, Kyrin went back to the Shadowmere and pulled the horned helm off of one of the skeleton’s heads, and then carried it to the library.  She set it up against the fire and smiled at it.
“There, I need someone to talk to,” she said to the skeleton looking helm.
She sighed and looked around the library.
“I’m starting to think I didn’t mess up as badly as I first thought,” she said to the helm.  “If Sithias is right, then I’m free of not only the Consortiums but of Daemionis too.  That can’t be a bad thing, right?”
She glanced at the helm and then shrugged.
“If I did mess up, and Sithias can’t keep me away from Daemionis in death, then it’s too late now anyway.  I would imagine that Daemionis is on the warpath, and I really hope he doesn’t end up killing Creteloc because of my disloyalty.”
Kyrin reached over and tossed more books onto the fire.
“Alric seems to believe Sithias, so I have to at least try to see his side, right?”
She smiled at the helm.
“I could be a lot worse off.  I mean, I have food and water.  I have Alric and the twins here, not to mention Finn and Emerisa.  I never thought I’d have a life of comfort, and to be honest, I like it.  Damnit, I deserve this!”
She nodded and grabbed a piece of dried deer from beside the fire before continuing. “I’ve never done anything drastically wrong, right?  I’ve killed, but only those that deserved it.  I don’t steal.  I don’t lie much, okay, maybe that’s a stretch.  Maybe it’s my time to sit back and soak in the luxury, ya know?”
“So what am I doing in the deserted shadow elf city?” she asked the helm.
Kyrin studied the helm, almost as if waiting for an answer.
“I don’t know either,” Kyrin said finally.  “I’m sitting here alone burning books, while the man I love is probably worried to death and trying to comfort my sons.  I miss them so much it hurts.”
Kyrin lifted her sleeve slightly and exposed the soft side of her wrist, which was missing the ‘D’ brand. “Did you see that?  Daemionis’ mark is gone.  I noticed I still have the tattoo though, but I guess that’s okay.  At least, I don’t have to think about him every time I see my own wrist.”
“I guess I’ll head back as soon as the snow settles down and my feet heal.  I’m not used to all of this walking anymore.”
She looked at the helm and frowned. “Don’t even say it!  I’m not weak just because I’ve softened up a bit.  It doesn’t sound to me like I ever need to be ready to run again.”
With that, she leaned back against the wall and watched the books burn.  She often reached up to feel the curls in her newly cut hair and then smiled and tossed another book onto the fire.  The helm started to make her nervous though, so eventually, she tossed it out onto the stairs among the rubble of the library.
Kyrin waited for days for the storm to die down.  The snow raged and she often checked to see how much snow was now on the ground.  By now, she couldn’t see the stairs anymore, so she guessed the snow had to be almost five feet deep.  The library had enough books to burn for months, but she knew she would be out of food before too long.
Nearing the end of the second week among the books, Kyrin sighed and sat back to watch the fire. “Leave it to me to decide to return to civilization and be stuck in a shadow elf library.”
“Why are you here, exactly?” a strange voice said from behind her.
Kyrin sprung to her feet and turned with her flail already grasped in her hand.  She strained to see in the darkened room.
“Who’s there?”
“Elm phaan pos run rushti cke’iv?”
Kyrin’s eyes narrowed as she squinted to see into a shadow where the voice was coming from. “It’s none of your business why I’m here.  Anyway, how is this your city?”
“It is.”
“Who are you?” she asked him.
A dark mist floated out of the shadow, and she moved back against the wall to get farther away from it.
“It is my city, and I don’t know if I like that you are here, human.”
Kyrin studied the mist.  It didn’t have a form or defined borders, and as it moved across the room, the mist swirled within it. “You don’t really have a say in it, now do you?”
“I do.”
“Yeah?  How’s that?”
“It is my city,” he said again, and the mist stopped.
After watching the mist for a few seconds, Kyrin gasped. “Are you Tiasis?”
A soft sigh came from the mist. “I was, long ago when I was betrayed by the gods of this realm.”
“How are you even here then?  Are you a spirit?”
“I am nothing.”
“Nothing doesn’t talk.”
“Very well.  I am all that you see though.”
Kyrin nodded. “Does Sithias know you are around?”
“No, he does not.  He and Erianah believe they destroyed me completely.”
“How have you hidden from them?”
“I’ve only recently resurfaced but find myself stuck in this form because my followers failed to do as instructed,” the mist said.
“You mean your trolls?  Yeah, that wasn’t going to happen.  Sithias and Erianah aren’t going to let you return fully.”
“They won’t know until it’s too late.”
She nodded. “Fair enough, I guess.  So you’re stuck as mist but can you leave Aloria?”
“No, I cannot.”
“You don’t seem like any shadow elf god I’ve ever met.”
“Have you met many?”
“Yes”
“Such as?” the mist asked, and it moved toward her slightly.
Kyrin watched him closely. “Achita is the one I’ve actually spoken to.  He’s the shadow elf god in Midorin Dimension.”
“Achita”
“Then I know of Gliden and S’Retha in Susper Dimension.”
“All well known,” the mist said, now sounding sad.
“I can promise you that Sithias isn’t going to let you return.  They hate the shadow elves here,” Kyrin told him.
“He won’t have a choice.  I apparently don’t need trolls to bring royalty to me,” Tiasis said, moving closer to her.
Kyrin put her back against the wall. “Excuse me?”
“They let that elven princess go.  All I need is to consume the soul of a noble, and I will return.  It will be even better in your body because I will have infiltrated the Valharan city long before anyone suspects it.”
“You’re mistaken then if you think I’m going to stand here and take that.”
“You won’t have a choice.  You do not have a god right now… no ethereal protection, and I suspect that Sithias can’t reach into my domain.  No one can help you.”
“I don’t need a god to take down a mist, Tiasis,” Kyrin told him.  “You’re not formed enough to touch me.”
“Neither were the Shadowmere souls that Erianah brought in,” he said, and by his voice, she knew he was pleased.  “I’ve had evil doors into this dimension for millennia, and no one ever saw it!  Do you know what the chances are that an evil shifter would find my random portals?”
“So you’re the reason I got in here.”
“Yes, but I was so disappointed in the outcome.  I was delighted when the Shadowmere found them though.  One of the few things I can do is to open a portal, well, not any more.  I see now that the dimension has been sealed off.”
“Fine, so your hidden evil portals let me in here.  For what purpose?”
“I knew the gods were going to try to rid this land of evil, but it’s my responsibility to make sure that the balance of power stays equal between the evil and the good here!  I just didn’t realize how few shifters are evil.”
“Sithias doesn’t think I’m an evil.”
“You were.”
“Were?”
“I suspect you’ve changed, pity.  You can’t imagine the waste having a good aligned magic user.”
“I wouldn’t call me good aligned either.”
“It doesn’t matter what alignment you claim.  You’re a noble, and I need your body to return.”  The mist began to move closer to her.
“Stay back, Tiasis!”
“Or what?”
Kyrin reached down to her bag and pulled out a small vial. “Or I just die here.”
“You won’t kill yourself!”
“Is that what you think?  I’ve angered my god.  I’m damned to an eternity of torment.  I don’t know if Alric will trust me.  The Valharans already hate me.  I’m trapped in this god-forsaken city in a snowstorm that I can’t get out of without the real possibility of freezing to death.  What’s keeping me here?”
“Just… no!  This cannot happen.”
“Sithias is going to watch my every move.”  Kyrin took a step toward him, and her eyes darkened. “I’ve lost my freedom!  I can’t shift out of here.  I’m trapped and will soon be controlled.  You know that Sithias isn’t going to let me out of his sight!  He’s afraid of what evil I’ll inflict on his precious dimension.”
“Put the poison down.”
She looked at the tiny vial and whispered, “I have nothing to live for anymore.”
“I can offer you immortality!” Tiasis screamed.
“Why would I want immortality when all I want right now is to die?” she asked him.
“It is rumored that you are the last magic user alive in the entire known universe.”
“So?”
“So you cannot end that!  Let me have your body.  I will lead you into paradise and all I ask in return is your obedience.”
“I just left the tyranny of a demon.  Why would I join another?”
“I am not a demon.”
“No, you’re just a chicken shit former god who will do anything to feel power in his grasp again.”
“You can’t talk to me like that!”
“I can too.  I’m not going to die here,” she said, putting her poison away.  “The fact that you believed me proved to me how much you lack the power to fight me and win.”
The mist began to swell. “I am more powerful than you!  You are but a child.”
“I’m a magic user, and you’re mostly dead.  Now I suggest you go back to where it is Sithias and Erianah sent you and leave me alone.”
When the swirling mist came toward her, she held her hands out and smiled.
“Jilavanu”
The mist ran into the magical shield and fell back. “What… you can’t do this!”
“I just did.”
“You can’t get out of this library.  The snow is deeper than you are tall, and you have to sleep eventually.”
“Except I’m not sure you can do anything to me, even without my shield.”
“I can destroy you,” he yelled angrily.
Kyrin waved her hand and the magical shield disappeared. “Come get me.”
The mist swirled toward her, almost instantly engulfing her in darkness.  She knew she was right, and the lack of pain proved it.  She felt nothing but a soft breeze as the disembodied god tried to possess her.
“Are you done?” she asked after a few minutes.
She was knocked back when the mist exploded amid the angry screams of the deity.  When Kyrin looked up from the floor, she saw that she was alone.
Standing up and brushing herself off, Kyrin looked around. “Tiasis?  Where did you go?”
When he didn’t answer, she started tearing apart one of the bookcases that was now empty.  She’d managed to burn through an entire case of books trying to keep warm.  
Once torn to pieces, she broke off two boards of equal length and set them beside her boots that were warming by the fire.  Again checking around for Tiasis, she laid down on her makeshift bed and watched the fire as the storm raged outside.

***

Alric stood at his bedroom window and watched the snowflakes drift past his window.  It had snowed for almost four days straight, and the entire castle was locked up tightly.  The twins were both asleep in his bed, and he watched, still hoping to see Kyrin walking through the snow toward him.
“Even kings need rest.”  Sithias’ voice rang softly through the room.  
Alric looked around but didn’t see him form.  He also noticed that Sithias hadn’t woken the twins.
“I know,” Alric said, turning back to the window.
“I can’t find her, so she has to be in Aloria.”
“I hope she is.  This snow is too dangerous.”
“She’s smart,” Sithias said, appearing beside the window in a more human size, reserved only for casually speaking to his Holy Knight.  
Alric just nodded.
“I would imagine she’s found a shelter inside of Aloria and is waiting for the snow to clear.”
“To do what though?  To return or to keep going farther away from us?”
“I can’t read her heart to know.”
“Can you take her out into the dimensions?”
“Why would I do that?”
“Can you?”
Sithias nodded and watched him. “Yes, if I so wish.”
“If she’s spent this last four months trying to find a way out of Paragoy, then maybe it’s best if she leaves.”
“She cannot leave.  Daemionis is exceedingly angry at her.  He’s wreaking havoc on every dimension he has access to, and even his most loyal followers are in hiding for their lives.”
“He’s still mad?” Alric asked, looking over at Sithias.
“He lost the most coveted possession in the dimensions, so yes.”
“Did she do the right thing?”
“Yes, she did.  She’ll see that.”
“I’m not so sure of that.”
Sithias smiled. “I am.  She’s smart enough to see what’s good for her.  I suspect wanderlust kicked in out of fear.  She wasn’t running from you or even from me.  She was running to appease the part of her that forces her to shift.”
“Ryche’s been pretty upset.”
Sithias glanced at the sleeping twins. “The twins are another thing Daemionis lost.  He had plans on taking them the second one of them stepped foot out of Paragoy.”
“He swore to leave them alone.”
“He’s a demon and cannot be trusted.  I knew his plans, but I also knew that Kyrin wouldn’t allow them to shift.”
“Ryche came close.”
“Close isn’t the same as shifting.”
“You put more trust into Kyrin than I do.”  Alric sighed and looked closer into the night.
“You say often that Kyrin lacks trust.  I think that she may trust you more than you trust her at times.”
“She’s been gone for four months.  How can I trust her?”
“You trust her the same way she trusts you.”
“You use that term loosely.”
Sithias simply smiled and disappeared.
“Mommy?” Ryche asked, sitting up in bed.
Alric sat down beside him and pulled the toddler into his lap. “She’s not here yet.”
Ryche nodded and then leaned his head against Alric’s shoulder. “When will she come back?”
“I don’t know.”
“She miss me?”
“Yes, I’m sure she does.”

***

“Just shut up!” Kyrin yelled, rolling over in bed.
“No, not until you agree to join me,” Tiasis said.  It concerned Kyrin that he’d somehow managed to form his mist into the shape of a man.
“You do realize that as soon as I get out of Aloria, I’m going to call for Sithias to come finish what he started.”
“I’m not afraid of Sithias.”
“Good, then I won’t have to hear you whine about it.”
Kyrin jumped when she felt a hand on her shoulder and saw that Tiasis had reached out and touched her. “You can be my queen.”
Kyrin scrambled to her feet and saw that she couldn’t even see through the dark mist anymore. “How are you reforming?!”
Tiasis stood and was now almost eight feet tall. “Because I am a god!”
“A dead one!” she said, moving back.  If he was actually returning, then the last place she wanted to be was in his own city.
He took a step toward her, and in the firelight, she saw a face appear from the thick darkness. “It’s too late.  My trolls have done as I asked, and I am moments from returning to power!  Once I am fully in this dimension, then you and I have business to attend to.”
Kyrin spun and started to slip on her boots.
“You can’t leave fast enough to elude me.”
“Watch me,” she said, and then put on her backpack, slung the Shadowmere’s sword across her back using his belt, and pulled on the heavy cloak.
“I will stop you,” Tiasis said, now almost entirely solid.
Kyrin stepped onto the two boards she’d broken off from an empty bookcase and began to tie them onto her feet using strips of fabric she’d taken from the dead Shadowmere.
“What are you doing?” Tiasis asked, moving toward the door.
“The cult of Caleneza in Efaris Dimension have these things to help them walk through snow,” Kyrin explained, standing slowly.  “It displaces their weight and allows them to walk on top of it.  I’m going to give it a go and get out of here.”
“You will freeze to death out there.”
“I doubt it,” she said, and then grabbed an extra skull helm from beside the fire.  She hoped it would help keep her head warm as she traveled through the frigid back-country of Paragoy.  
Once she slipped on the wool lined gauntlets from a dead Shadowmere, she walked awkwardly toward the door.
“You said yourself that Sithias will be watching you,” Tiasis said, moving toward her.  “You have no idea how closely though!  He won’t allow you to breathe without his permission, and soon, he’ll even imprison you to keep your evil out of his lands.”
Kyrin pulled the cloak tighter around her. “No, he won’t.”
“You put such faith into a god that despises you.”
Heading out into the fierce winds, Kyrin ducked her head and walked slowly, making sure the boards on her feet kept her from sinking into the snow.
The forming god walked beside her. “Get back into the warmth, Kyrin.”
She couldn’t speak.  The wind bit at her skin painfully and she was concentrating hard to keep moving slowly toward the Alorian gates.
Tiasis tried to block her way but still hadn’t formed enough to do so successfully.  She pushed forward when she began to see distinct facial features of the large shadow elf, and she knew he was forming even more quickly.  Once he was developed enough to have power, she would be out strengthened, and she had to get outside of his city before that happened.
When she saw the gates through the forceful winds, she breathed a sigh of relief and walked faster toward it.  
“Listen to me, Kyrin.  What I offer you is your only chance of peace within Paragoy,” Tiasis said, taking her arm.
Kyrin turned at the city gates and looked at him. “Sithias offers me peace.  You offer me the chance to rule as a tyrant and to be feared and hated.”
“The Valharans do fear and hate you already.”
She smiled and shook her head. “Some, yes, but those I care about don’t.”
“They all hate you!  They just fear you and wouldn’t let that show.”
“You sound like I did when I got here,” Kyrin told him.  She then grinned wide and whispered, “Sithias, I need your help.”
Tiasis roared and disappeared as a shimmer started in front of her.  Sithias formed, though she noticed the wind didn’t seem to even affect him.
“Are you okay?” Sithias asked, looking her over.
“Tiasis is back,” Kyrin shouted over the wind.
Sithias glanced back at Aloria. “Are you certain?”
“He’s been talking to me for almost a month, and now he’s forming into a solid being.”
Sithias’ lip curled into a snarl. “Erianah and I will deal with him.”
“You have limited time.  He’s almost entirely materialized.”
She glanced back at Aloria and then started along the mountainous ridge, heading toward Valhara.




Chapter 11

“Daddy!” Sedomer screamed, grabbing onto the bed.  The entire ground was shaking, and a dark cloud had quickly crossed the sky, blocking all daylight.
Alric picked him up, grabbed Ryche, and then ran for the door.  Knights were already running up the stairs to assist their king.
“Sire!” the knight’s captain said, falling into the wall.  “We have to get you to safety.”
“Have we evacuated the people of Valhara?” Alric asked, handing Ryche over to the captain.
“They are heading for Fortress Ophang as quickly as the snow allows.”
“Take the twins and meet me there,” Alric ordered.  “Once the people are safe, I’ll head out.”
“Sir, we can get the people out of here.  You need to leave.”
“I’m not leaving until every Valharan is safe,” Alric said, handing Sedomer over to another knight.  “Get my sons to Ophang immediately.”
The knight’s captain nodded and then headed down the stairs with the boys.  Alric returned to his room and dressed in battle gear with a warm cloak.
Finn met him at the top of the stairs. “The twins are already on their way to the Fortress on horseback.  They should arrive by nightfall.”
“I need to talk to Saith before the priests head out,” Alric said, starting down the stairs.  “This looks like a god fight, and I want to know what’s going on.”
Finn and Alric rode to the temple in town as the people of Valhara headed out as quickly as they could for the safety of Fortress Ophang.  Saith was waiting in front of the temple and had to grab onto a pillar when the ground shifted out from under them.
Alric managed to make it up to him. “What’s going on?”
“Sithias and I were speaking this morning when he suddenly disappeared.  That’s all I know.  This has to be a god fight.”
“He hasn’t sent word?”
“No.  I’d hoped you would know.”
“Well I don’t.  Head out to Ophang and check for injuries.  I’m going to leave as soon as I know the city is clear.”
A crash sounded as the shaking ground caused an avalanche outside of Boriana ruins.  They all watched when a plume of snow rose from the mountain and quickly disappeared into the dark sky.
“No doubt about the god fight,” Finn said, stumbling up.  “I wonder what Erianah’s done now.”
“I’m not sure.  Let’s go through the city and see if anyone’s left.”
Finn nodded and walked toward the closest residential area.  He and Alric went door-to-door but found no one answering.  The sky lit up red and ash began to fall from the heavens.
“It’s clear,” Finn said, walking over to his horse.  “Let’s get out of here before fire starts to fall.”
Alric nodded and quickly mounted.  They both kicked their horses, heading toward Fortress Ophang.
It was a few minutes into the ride when Finn looked over at Alric. “I’m sure she’s fine.”
Alric nodded. “I hope so.  Sithias hasn’t heard from her, so he thinks she’s holed up in Aloria.”
“At least it’s shelter.”
“My thoughts exactly.  She’s been through a small god skirmish before, so she will probably recognize it and stay indoors.”
“Oh that’s right.  I’d forgotten that Daemionis, Sithias, and Erianah fought recently.”
“After the god war though, who knows?”
“She’ll be back.”
“I hope so.  I’d like to know her state of mind right now.”
“What do you mean?” Finn asked him.
“Well, I figure she’s either frantically trying to find a portal because she thinks she made a mistake, or she’s realized things are good here and now she’s trying to return home.”
“Or she’s afraid of what she’ll find when she gets back.”
“Meaning?”
“Meaning, she protected the Valharans from Daemionis.  I would think she might be afraid of how we’ll react to that.”
“You mean like we’ll be mad?”
“Or too grateful.”
“I hadn’t thought of that,” Alric told him.
“If I might make a suggestion.”
“Go ahead.”
“When she does return, and I know she will… we should make sure that she finds Valhara exactly how she left it.”
“I don’t think anything will have changed.”
“The knights will.  They know she protected them from her god at great risk to herself.  They have told the townspeople, who now worry about her and wonder when she’ll return.”
“But that’s good.”
“Not to Kyrin.  She’s going to want things back how they were.  She’ll shy away if she finds the people trying to get close to her.”
Alric sighed. “You’re right.”
“I just think we need to stress that things need to remain the same for now.  She’ll be more comfortable with that.”
“I’ll talk to the knights.”
Finn couldn’t help but smile. “I’m so proud of her.”
Alric nodded.
“I couldn’t believe my ears when she turned on Daemionis.”
“I knew she had it in her, but I wasn’t sure she’d ever act on it.”
“Well, she’ll always be more evil than we’re used to, but I suspect things will even out.”
“I don’t think she’s an evil.”
“No, she’s not.  She has evil tendencies though.”
“Maybe they’ll fade away.”
“I’m sure they’ll fade,” Finn said.  “I just don’t think they’ll ever be completely gone.”
They rode up and met up with the tail end of the pilgrimage to Ophang.  Finn kicked his horse to catch up with Emerisa, and Alric slid off of his to allow an elderly woman to ride.  Once he had her seated on his horse, he took the reins and walked along with her family.
It was almost midnight when they finally reached the fortress.  It was set into a mountain, and the thick rock gates opened only briefly to allow them to enter.  They had the mountain top to protect them from whatever the gods could throw at them, and there was enough wildlife to sustain the people of Valhara for quite some time.
Alric quickly went to his room and found the captain of the knights with the twins.  Both of his sons ran into his arms when he knelt down, and he held them while addressing the captain, “Everyone’s accounted for?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Make sure the gates are guarded.  We suspect a god fight, but I don’t want to risk it.”
The knight nodded and then left the room.
“What’s happening?” Ryche asked, highly upset.
“We don’t know yet, but we think that Sithias may be fighting with Erianah again,” he explained.
“Or Damonis,” he said, mispronouncing the demon’s name.
Alric kissed his forehead. “It’s not Daemionis.  He’s gone for good.”
“Did Mommy go too?”
“No, she’s still here.”
“Then why isn’t she here with us?”
“I have a feeling she’s on her way back.”
“What if she gets hurt?”
Alric smiled at his son. “Then we have faith that Sithias will help her.”
When the twins were calm again, Alric stood up and looked around the stone room.  It had a bed, but the rock walls were dripping wet with the melting snow inside the mountain.  It was safe in Ophang but not necessarily comfortable.

***

“I think it’s over for now,” Alric said, standing up before the gathered people.  They were all terrified because of the harsh winds that had pounded the side of the mountain, followed by almost a week straight of boulder sized balls of fire falling from the sky.  
Saith stood. “We ask that you remain calm.  We’ve seen this happen for a year before, but we’re safe here and Sithias has our lives in his grasp.  Trust that he’ll bring us through this.”
“Do we know what’s happening?” one man from the city asked.
“No, we haven’t heard anything,” Alric explained.  “We have to assume that Sithias is too busy to contact us.  If he could, he would have by now.”
There was a scream when the entire mountain shifted, sending the people flying toward the side.  Alric slammed into the side of a table but managed to get to his feet quickly.
“Is anyone hurt?” Saith asked, slowly standing.
Children were crying, and mothers were trying to console them.
“Spread out,” Saith ordered his priests.
Alric sighed and watched as his kingdom picked themselves up and began to head back to the living quarters.  It was spacious but didn’t allow a lot of privacy.  He knew how frightened the people were and wondered how long they could hold up in such conditions.
Saith followed Alric back to his room where Emerisa and her kids were waiting with the twins.  She was comforting Sedomer, who had a new bump on his forehead and tears streaming down his eyes.
Alric smiled softly and picked him up, then healed the wound on his head. “All better?”
Sedomer nodded and wrapped his arms around his dad’s neck.
“Were you injured?” Saith asked Emerisa.
“No, High Priest.  I fell back onto the bed.”
“I take him!” Ryche yelled, grabbing onto a toy sword that was at his feet.
Alric looked down at him with raised eyebrows. “Who are you taking on?”
“Everyone,” he said, and began to whack away at a nearby chair with the wooden sword.
“You get’em, tiger,” Finn said, walking into the room.
“I’ll get them all,” Ryche said, turning on him.
“Start with the chair.”
“Right!” he said, slamming his sword into the chair.
“So much like his father,” Emerisa said, standing up.
Alric looked at her and grinned. “I don’t attack chairs.”
She simply bowed slightly and then walked out.
Alric watched his son stab the chair. “How is that like me?”
Finn shrugged. “She’s delusional.”
“I think that’s more something Kyrin would do.”
“Stab a chair?”
“Stab anything.”
“Oh, right.  Well…”
They both turned suddenly when the familiar sound started behind them.  They fell to their knees when the golden shimmer appeared and formed into Sithias.
“My Lord!” Alric gasped.
Sithias formed fully and looked angry. “It is done.”
“Are you okay?”
“Of course.  I am a god.”
“It just… it seemed like a god fight.”
“It was.”
“What did Erianah do, my Lord?” Alric asked.
Sithias calmed some. “It wasn’t Erianah.”
“Not Daemionis?!”
“No, Tiasis returned.”
Alric looked up at him, shocked. “What?  How?”
Sithias began to float along the floor. “The trolls were slowly bringing him back.  Had we not known in time, things would be worse.”
“I’m glad you found out then.”
“Kyrin told me,” Sithias said, smiling.
“You’ve seen her?!” Alric asked, shocked.
“Barely.  She called for me outside of Aloria and told me that Tiasis was back.  Now I can’t find her again.”
“Was she well?”
“It was hard to tell.  For some reason, she’s wearing the skeletal helm of a Shadowmere, and because of the cold, was bundled up.  I do believe she’s heading back here though.”
Alric finally smiled. “That’s good to hear.”
“Sir?” Finn asked respectfully.  “How did she come to find Tiasis then?”
“I don’t know.  I really wish to speak to her though, to find out what she knows about his return.”
“You don’t suspect she helped?” Alric said.
“No, not at all.  I do suspect that she had time to converse with him, and I wish to know details.”
“When she returns, I’ll bring her to you.”
“Don’t do anything against her will.  I wish for her to be comfortable first.”
Alric smiled crookedly. “Are you hoping that she someday agrees to follow you?”
Sithias leaned his head back and laughed.
“I’ll take that as a no.”
Sithias smiled down at him. “I suspect she will never again agree to follow a deity.”
“As do I.”
Finn glanced back at the door when he heard a frantic knock.  He stood just as Sithias disappeared from the room.
Alric opened the door to face one of the knights. “Lookouts report seeing smoke.”
“From where?” Alric asked, pulling his cloak off of a hook by the door.
“Just to the north of here.  I saw it, and I’d have to guess it’s a camp fire.”
“It may just be a wanderer that’s set up camp now that things have calmed down.  Let’s go check it out.”
“I’ll go too,” Finn said, following them out.  
Knights already had their horses ready, so Alric, Finn, and 12 knights set out toward the thin stream of smoking coming from an area of thick trees.
The air was crisp and clean, and they could see their breath in the air as they drew closer to where the smoke was coming from.  The sound of horse hooves was all that could be heard.  They all watched around them, in case of an attack, but they saw nothing.
As they neared the camp fire, they dismounted and headed closer on foot, being as quiet as they could.  The smell of smoke hit them first, followed by the scent of roasting meat.
Finn and Alric moved up first to look into the clearing.  They saw a lone figure turning a makeshift spit with a deer leg on it.  The fire was blazing, and a small stack of wood stood beside it, but there was no sign of any tent or shelter.
Finn motioned his team to surround the clearing.  Without warning, the figure stood up and turned to face them.  A dark clothed arm shot out of the cloak and then pulled a long-sword from within the sheath at its back.
Alric and Finn both advanced, swords drawn.  They were surprised when the person lowered the sword and then pulled the hood of the cloak away from an evil looking horned helm.
“Alric?” Kyrin asked, stunned.
Alric watched, too surprised to talk, as Kyrin removed the Shadowmere’s helm and looked up at him.
He dropped his sword, just as she ran at him and jumped into his arms. 
“My god, Kyrin.”
She wrapped her arms tightly around his neck. “It is you!”
He set her down and looked over her. “Are you injured?”
“No”
“Not at all?  Let me see.”
Kyrin smiled. “I’m okay.”
Alric studied her eyes when her tone changed, and he realized she wasn’t talking about her physical well-being. “You are?”
She nodded. “I am.”
Finn grabbed her into a hug. “Never!  Never leave again like that.”
She nodded against him. “I’m sorry.”
He pulled away from her. “I have half a mind to lock you up.”
“Funny, that’s what Tiasis said you’d do,” she said jokingly.
Finn gasped. “He said we’d lock you up?”
“It’s a long story,” she said, and then slid the Shadowmere’s sword onto her back.
“When did you start carrying a sword?” Alric asked, picking up the gruesome helm from the ground.
“When I’m so cold that accuracy with a flail is unachievable,” Kyrin explained.
“Then let’s get you warm.”
She glanced back at the fire. “That’s a perfectly good leg.”
One of the knights knelt down beside it. “It smells good.”
“Eat up.”
He grinned and then cut a hunk of steaming meat from the bone.  The other knights joined him and soon, everyone was sitting around the fire eating.
“How long were you with Tiasis?” Alric asked, taking another bite.
“About four weeks.”
He looked at her. “You spent four weeks with him?”
“Not by choice.”
“He held you captive?”
“No, the snow did,” she explained.  “He was just there to annoy me in the meantime.”
“So you ran to go to Aloria?” Finn asked.
“No, I just needed to think, and I accidentally found Aloria.”
“Are you sure you’re not injured?” Alric asked her.
“I’m fine, really.”
“Finish then and let’s get back.  We can return to Valhara now,” Alric said, standing.
“Where were you?”
“Fortress Ophang.”
“Oh, right… god fight.”
Alric nodded and then kissed her before taking her hand to lead her over to the horse.
As they rode toward the fortress with Kyrin on the horse in front of Alric, she sighed. “Can we just go back to Valhara?”
“You don’t want to hit Ophang first?” Alric asked.
“Not really.”
“Why?”
“I don’t necessarily want to be in close quarters with all of Valhara,” she whispered.
Alric smiled and motioned for Finn. “We’re heading back to the castle.  See to the return, please.”
“Sure thing,” he said, and then the knights headed off away from Kyrin and Alric.
Kyrin leaned back against him and felt the warmth from his body begin to warm her.
“Now may not be the time to bring this up,” Alric said.  “However, Sithias would like to speak to you.”
“About Tiasis?”
“Yes”
“I told him he was back.”
“I heard, which I’m very pleased with.  I think he wants to know what else you talked about though.”
“I figured.  I have a lot of information that should answer some questions.”
“So you’ll talk to him?”
“Sure”
Alric smiled and then kissed the back of her head.
“Just don’t ask me to join him.”
“Oh!  I won’t.”
It was only a few more minutes before Alric spoke again, “So what exactly did you find out there?”
Kyrin smiled. “I found myself.”


~The End~




Dimensions Saga Books
Dimension Shifter (Book 1)
Paragoy Dimension (Book 2)
Shadowmere (Book 3)
After the Dimensions (Book 4)
The Fall of a King (Book 5)
The Claiming of Carathis (Book 6)
Rising Nobility (Book 7)
Alorian Ascension (Book 8)
Accepting Evil (Book 9)
Watch website for more…


Other books by T.M. Nielsen
The Heku Series
Heku
Valle
Encala
Equites
Proditor
Ferus
Eternity of Vengeance
Ancients and Old Ones
Banishment
Sins of the Son
Return of the Encala
Heku Series Companion
