Silhouette

Prologue

Have you ever wondered what really happened in the far future? Does what they called technology really flourished? Does nature withered like how they predicted? Does human population grew and consumed all natural existence? Will the lands really be gorged by the waters? And, will the human stays human and their rationalization stays intact? The future is really unpredictable, no one knows what will happen, there’s no certainty and thus will always remain a mystery. Some might find the answers but will the truth be known? The only one thing certain, is that the history written from the past are bound to happen again trapped in unending cycle of evolution. 

Generations have lapsed, many have already evolved and some just perished in a world to where a new generation has existed. Child born with abnormalities with such appearing to be identical to those of animals, society called them freaks with physical deformities. They were abandoned, sold to research facilities and were subjected for public display. Grown-ups soon developed the same. Known physical defects carrying the qualities of animals have rapidly and widely spread; society was concerned by its threat and they started to study its cause and find its cure. 

When almost all the population have already experienced the so called evolution, society have been accustomed to it and became the norm. They called the non-human counterpart as Lyze which means evolutionary zeal that represents the connection and adaption of human body to other forms of the living. Their lives intertwined with the presence of other creatures, they became wary of the preservation of the remaining natural habitats. Technology development as the past once called were not forbidden yet have already been abandoned because were believed to ruin of what was left by nature, remnants preserved and yet never intended for use. People started to forget artificial intelligence and have been interested in the unexpected evolution that have occurred. 

Mountains were drowned by the overflowing sea, small cities were buried and few have only survived. At later period when only five kingdoms were left, a new development emerged. The human brain’s ability have reached the extent of making impossible things happen. The brain has now the capability to use its crucial part of providing things unimaginable, limited yet enough to change the world’s perspective. 

Of the five kingdoms, one was already brewing an internal conflict which paved the way for to their isolation. A twin was born from a royal family, one with the dark heart of a vulture and the other is pure as a tamed lion. Their father couldn’t decide who to succeed the throne and let the brothers showcase their talents. 
The lion named Jad abdicate to his brother Ower the vulture who later became abusive. Ower wanted to make their own continent the highest of the five, he forced his people to be Full-grown, the opposite of infants who are not able to transform. Those who was not able to wake their Lyze even being tormented by Ower were thrown to fire like scraps that didn’t pass the standards.

Jad was against his brother’s cruelty and became a burden to his governance. He was then banished from their palace and was stripped from his title as a royalty. With sole ruler of the kingdom, Ower created a serum from his own blood and was called Tanbrea. 

The serum targets the brain waves to bring out the best from the receiver, it pushes them to crave for more and never settle for less. The serum prevented them from killing their colleagues as it prohibits the mind and body to take action whenever a killing intent was detected but the greatest worth of the serum was the loyalty inhibited to the provider and thus must be accepted whole-heartedly. 

The inferiors were eliminated just to satisfy the king’s ideal society, those who are against him runaway and hid themselves to the forgotten wasteland. The runaways and the banished prince met and came to an agreement of support having the same creed and set with the common goal. The serum Lumnoux was born from Jad’s blood, the opposite of Tanbrea that denotes positivity, happiness and contentment. 

The numbers of Lumnoux increased and caught the attention of the king that brought to the emergence of the war between the twins. Tanbrea with greater strength but fewer numbers and Lumnoux who escalated their population without set standards. Tanbrea was outnumbered and Ower was cornered and conceded. 

Jad was soft-hearted and wanted to save his brother from his inner misery and offered his own serum that soon was accepted. Nobody from them was aware that the serums were never meant to be combined. The effect will numb the brain leaving an empty shell that will soon crack and vanish.

Ower died from the sudden mixture of the serums and his death was felt by the Tanbrea resulting to a chaotic kingdom. Jad ordered every Lumnoux to capture all of Tanbrea and detain them on the underground dungeon just beneath the palace. The labyrinth underground dungeon were covered with special minerals called black kisk necessary to suppress any mind abilities and Lyze. 

The war ended. All Tanbrea were captured but few days later the dungeon entrance collapsed and all of them were trapped underground. Yet even so they continued to survive and live as another part of the society buried and isolated from the Lumnoux. It was the start of the division between Lumnoux and Tanbrea as the dwellers of Morning and Darkness.

Chapter 1: Lumnoux

The history was well foretold and passed down to the succeeding generations.  Frank as the current ruler preserved the history of their kingdom and intended to continue their legacy. He wisely ruled their land and was adored by his people. With his avian Lyze of an eagle it was common for his subjects to witness his flight during his official roams.  

Due to the early death of his wife Laura, he treasured his twin daughters so much that he confined them in the palace. The twins have supported each other ever since they were young. Due to the reckless behavior of the infant daughter, her full-grown sister who inherited their mother’s aqua Lyze often cover up for her sister’s troubles.  

Although citizens already knew about their existence only few have already seen their faces, as twins, their identities were kept latent until the king decides who to crown at the coming of age. 

The streets on the city was busy and a lot of people were immersed to watch a tournament. After a girl finished tying her bright brown hair she pulled her companion and run shoving herself from the crowd setting towards the tower entrance and went for the backdoor. 
“Gwyn” a voice called, her indigo eyes sparkled as she rushed to approach the young boy who waited for her arrival. 
“Machi, I’m glad I made it before it started” she answered fixing her crumpled dress. Gwyn and her infant protector just arrived on one of the events in the city which she joined for fun. She met Machi on the tournament whom she treated as her younger brother. 

With her mind ability she unexpectedly gain favors from the special council and became one of the chosen three who will compete for the final round. Machi bent his head and covered his face with his palm “Gwyn I think I should concede” he complained. 
Gwyn touched the young boy’s head, his hair glisten with a hint of metallic green “Don't be troubled, I believe you have a better ability than he has, trust me” she glared to the man standing beside them who was already there before Gwyn arrived. 
“Why not believe in yourself little boy, pack your things up and back out” Ethan arrogantly intervene in their conversation, patting Machi’s shoulder.
“He's right Gwyn, he can teleport us into places while you can control things and forces” Machi added who was already anxious with his ability status.
“Don’t listen to him, there is a reason why you have gone this far. I know that you have something great and unique within you” Gwyn slapped Ethan’s hand and comforted Machi.

The final presentation have started and Ethan was first one to be called to perform. The crowd were already settled inside and all are already anticipating for a good show. As he stepped in front his act already started, the moment he opened his eyes the three special councils seated at the front row along with two people from the crowd as witnesses have been brought in the center of a pavement. 
The cold wind brushed through their skin and a light rain has started to pour that released the scent of earth. The councils might have been slightly impressed but the witnesses were eyes-wide surprised to such performance as he spoke “Ladies and gentlemen, this is only one of the few tricks a teleporter can do, we can do far more than just entertainment” Ethan smiled and as he bow down he returned them at the tower at the same position they first had. One of the viewers from the crowd, baffled by their disappearance and their return misted started to clap ending the whole crowd to cheer for him. 

The curious crowd felt silent as the next contender was called but when Gwyn was at the stage, she began to apologize and announces that she will no longer continue the game. Murmurs spread as she exits the stage, at the back Machi approached her and curiously asked “Did you do that because of me? Did you withdraw because you knew I can’t do it?”
“Finally one of the weaklings already gave up” Ethan never stops to bully them.
“No, stop thinking you're weak, I still believe and hope you'll win” Gwyn patted his head and continued “I just had some more important things to attend to.”
“More important things to win and serve the...” Machi was interrupted when Gwyn’s companion called her to hurry.
“Serve?... I’ll promise to see you again if you'll promise you'll beat him, okay?” he nodded. Gwyn and his infant protector hurried to leave for she was summoned by the king.

Gwyn rushed to return to the palace, she passed through the history carved stone walls outside the palace and entered the front gate guarded by infant and full-grown soldiers. Followed by her infant protector, they hurried running through the lined up skinny trees and entered the garden of tall topiaries just so to save time and come out near the center fountain in front of the main door. Gwyn disregarded the servants who greeted her as she dashed to the hall and went directly to the king’s office. 
“Hi dad what's the rush of calling me?” gasping her breath, Gwyn greeted her father who was busy doing his work almost buried on a stack of papers and folders on his desk.
“I just heard that you are again messing with my plans” Frank raked his grey hairs and lowered his spectacles to take a glimpse of her daughter who just arrived.
“Plans? I never intend to get involve with any of it and please Dad don't blame me if they fail” Gwyn answered back with a mocking look on her eyes.
“Hold your tongue young lady, that tournament was made to search for new protectors” Frank explained.
“Exactly my point, if you hadn’t interrupted I should have been protecting myself, and besides I don’t need a new protector because I already have Charles!” Gwyn boastfully claimed. 
“Stop being stubborn Gwyn Kaleen he’s just an infant and by the time comes his ability will no longer be enough to protect you” Frank explained.

A girl arrived, her light blond hair slipping on the plain brown cloak covering her sunset colored dress. It was Meera Carrie already prepared for the protectors’ appointment to be held on a tower located at the center of the market in the city.
“Dad I'm here and I'm ready, I'm glad you too are here Gwyn” she darted her angelic eyes to her sister “Please, enough of being hardheaded” Meera instructed her sister to prepare as well because in any minute they will be going to the city.
Gwyn protested to wear the brown cloak but her sister insisted as it conceal them from their identities.

The king was too worried and cautious whenever he talked to Gwyn because his daughter was still blaming him for their mother’s death. “Your sister is still adamant on following my orders. I've done everything to please her, I just hope that one day she will accept everything just as we did. Meera, I called you because I wanted to ask a favor.” Frank stood and notified “It’s actually not a favor, I’ve decided to appoint the winner from the tournament as Gwyn’s protector.”
“It’s okay, I understand, she might be stronger when it comes to our mind abilities but the fact is she is still an infant” she agreed. Meera was too obedient to her father and Frank was glad that she’s willingly accepted his decision.  
“I'm glad you gave way for her, you may now proceed I will follow after I finish some of these.” Frank pointed the pile of papers in his table.
Meera went to assist her sister making sure she won’t run away.

Chapter 2: Appointment

They rode on a mechanical carriage assembled from recycled mobile metals. Gwyn watched the coach from a small steel window in front, the spiffy little man was too focused letting the carriage float a foot from the ground and he was busy tweaking the mechanism on his side. People parted as he pulled a ring that produces a weird honk. The twin’s protectors settled by their mistresses’ side, stiff and attentive on Lady Carrie’s instructions. They arrived at the busy market place that surrounds the deep blue colored tower where the appointment will be held. Protectors checked the security and escorted the heirs. Meera warned her sister to never remove her cloak and to be careful but Gwyn was too smug when it comes to things outside the palace.
“Relax, I've been here before and I know what to do” 
“As a commoner Gwyn but not as an heir, your status is vital” Meera emphasized yet her sister didn’t seem to bother.

Both of them continued to pass through the market stalls, the place was filled with straggly children running and playing around with clothes covered with dirt and mud, the odor of their sweat mixed with the strong perfume from the ladies with extravagant pale headdresses. They pretended to trade but were just waiting for gossips, they lined up in front of a store but will just end up not buying anything. There are also traders from different villages convincing interested buyers on their goods, and curious folks who explores merchandises. The noise of chatters, glass and tin clatters, footsteps and instrument played were everywhere, the sweet fragrance emitting from a nearby flower shop masked the stench of the market, the afternoon sun glare were prevented by temporary roofs and banners hanged above. Gwyn suddenly grasped Meera who was walking past her, she turned around to ask but Gwyn pulled her sister and uttered “I sense an aqua Lyze around”
“That might just be only me” she removed her sister’s grip and inquired “When did you sense my kind?” curious of what Gwyn had stated.
“Just by now, maybe I'm becoming a full-grown” Gwyn excitedly claimed but suddenly altered by agony “Are you pained?” 
Meera shook her head.
“Then it’s not you” Gwyn looked around but were overwhelmed by the crowded market “She's in pain…” grabbing her neck like something was choking her she continued. “She's bleeding please give me a minute Meera, I promise I'll be careful” she suddenly decided to search for an aqua Lyze that seems to be calling her.
“No let the protectors do that, we need to proceed to the tower” Meera insisted pointing on the two protectors beside them.
“I'm the only one who can sense her and besides the market is full of Lumnoux”
“Fine, but do it quickly I'll wait you here!” Meera consented, hopeless to stop her stubborn sister.

Gwyn with Charles on her side started to search the whole place, from wooden stalls, to carts, and to windowed closed rooms. There were many vendors around selling variety of goods such as food, garments, and decorations but what caught her attention was the old lady dressed in dark sack-like cloth selling pieces of antique jewelries aligned in her rag placed on her cart.
“Come milady! You should try this.” The old lady offered, but the jewelries were a little bit dusty, some were rusted and somehow not attractive.
“Thank you but I'm just looking for something and I guess it’s not here, I’m sorry” Gwyn humbly declined but suddenly out of the noise-filled environment she heard a whisper that pulled her back to look what was covered underneath the cloth beside the old lady's jewelries. When she was about to lift the cloth the old lady grab her forearm “Milady, I thought you’re not interested?” she ignored the needle prick she felt from the old lady’s bony finger.
“May I see your treasures? I promise to buy what is best from your trade”
“No need to explain milady” the old lady laughed wickedly showing her crooked teeth that matched her pointy nose, a witch indeed. “I already accomplished the reason I came here and in any minute you will start to vanish” she added never releasing Gwyn from her clench.
“Let go of me!” Gwyn shouted. Meera heard her sister's struggle and immediately went to find her but as soon as they approached them a black smoke coming from the cart started circling around; the witch vanished together with the smoke that whirled and covered her. 
“Are you okay?” Meera asked helping her sister stood as she lost her balance.
Gwyn nodded and continued to lift the cloth and she was right, there was an aqua Lyze laying inside the cart with a wounded green fish-scaled leg, Meera ordered Rin her protector to carry and bring her to the tower.

Inside the tower was different, it was peaceful just as the mellow sound of harp played suppressed the market noise from the outside; it proves that the glass wall was strong enough as barrier from disturbances. It was obviously made to satisfy the luxuries of elites, unlike the pretentious ladies outside, the elites emit the presence from noble families. Their elegance matched the refined actions of the servants who wear polished white long sleeves and pants paired with dark blue bowtie, their smiles were untainted with frustration. The head servant of the tower as instructed, personally waited for their special guests in cloak, when he found the mistresses he approached the group “Good morning my ladies, the penthouse is ready for your arrival” he bowed and greeted with a welcoming smile.
“Do you have a healer at the tower?” Meera asked taking glances to their injured companion.
“Yes milady, please be assisted” he ordered one of the servants to accompany her.
“Thank you” Meera looked at Gwyn and was disturbed by the blood marks on her inner dress “Your dress was stained, you cannot attend the appointment with that, Charles bring your mistress another set of clothes” the restless protector nodded, his pale face knew he will soon be reprimanded. 

Charles went to the carriage to fetch the dress. Gwyn still dumbfounded by her encounter with the witch asked for her sister’s forgiveness, she never anticipated such dangerous thing would happen. Her sister gently patted her head “Good thing you’re okay, when you’re done I want you to immediately go to the penthouse” Meera ordered. 
“Yes Meera” 
“As soon as you’re finished come to the penthouse immediately. No roaming around this time” Meera insisted
“I promise I'll be there before dad arrive” Gwyn’s head was bent. She knew her sister was disappointed
“No! Before I arrived” Meera cleared
Gwyn nodded and waited for her clothes while Meera accompanied the wounded civilian to the tower’s healer.

Gwyn changed her clothes to a cream-colored blouse, her wrist-length sleeves lined with raffles were perfect to cover her swollen forearm.  She just recently noticed that the veins around the prick started to darken, she didn’t disclosed it to anybody afraid that her security would be tighter and could hamper her palace escapades. As she and her protector waited for the mechanical lift, they  saw Machi and Ethan approaching, both in tuxedos with a thumb size sun emblem pinned in their suit near their unique iron Lyze. The sun emblem signifies that they were Lumnoux while their iron Lyze was engineered iron plate same size with the emblem that marks the owners Lyze, it varies from time to time reflecting the owner’s characters: its progress and deterioration. Both appears to have an avian Lyze, Machi has his green as his hair single feather shaped iron Lyze while Ethan has glossy black single wing which was emphasized by his white tuxedo.
“Gwyn you're here!” Machi excitedly approached Gwyn.
“I told you we will meet again right?” she smiled back to her young friend and welcomed him with a hug.
“Too bad he doesn’t win against me” Ethan said bragging his victory “And even if you continued the game you will likewise fall in the same place” he stated, Charles tried to gestured him to halt but he ignored him and continued.
“If I were you I’ll start to cut off my tongue” Gwyn calmly said to Ethan then she turn to Machi “This time I know I will no longer leave you and we will be together more often”
“Together? Are you also here for the appointment? Are you a protector?” Machi strenuously asked.
“Cut off my tongue? Haha, maybe you are the new royal jester” Ethan insulted her.

Meanwhile a uniformed officer approached the now arguing Gwyn and Ethan, his shoulder was broad enough to be intimidating and he wear his iron Lyze as a ring that glimmers when it catches a glimpse of the light. Gerard, the chief of full-grown came and greeted Gwyn with a smile, Gwyn ceased from her rebuttals “Nope it’s to save my life from execution. Good day chief I believe they are your students from your Academy?” she greeted back.
“Yes Milady I'm glad that you still recognized me” Gerard answered.
“Did you just say chief’s Academy? So this means you are from other academy. Oh no I fail to see any iron Lyze, does this means you are not yet full-grown?” Ethan pointed Gwyn who continue to show disrespect “Well the weakling sets another weakness" he boasted.
“Of course chief I will be glad if one day I will be your student” she faces Ethan “You’re lucky it’s just me and not my sister because you might be dead by now, besides I don’t want to waste my time with you on bragging how mighty you are.”
“Ethan, she's right, no but's and why's, I’m sorry milady would you want us to accompany you in ascending? The King will be arriving soon” Gerard offered.
“I would love to chief but I prefer not to be accustomed with him, but on the other hand can I take Machi with me?” She glared to Ethan and cling to Machi’s arm.
“No problem Milady” the chief affirmed. Gwyn winked to Ethan and leaved them as she boarded on the lift with Machi and Charles going to the penthouse.
“Chief, why do you pay so much respect with that lady, is she a noble?” Ethan confusedly asked seeing his superior getting worried. 
“Soon you'll know and may I remind you, you must behave when you're in front of the King, he's impatient and only one person can he be considerate and he favored one of the twins and based in what I saw you are not in a good position even if you won the game” he instructed.
“I'll be loyal to the King, I'm bound to serve him and his family” he confirmed to Gerard turning his playful smile into a sternly nod.
“Good, then let’s go.”

The penthouse was the usual place for royal appointments; it has the perfect view to see the majority of the outskirts of the city, it was previously a conference room modified to be a royal enclosure. There was a large table at the center covered in white clean linen and decorated with lilies at the center, the chairs were arranged and exhibits hierarchal position. The head chair for the King was made of gold and carved with complex designs, in both sides were silver chairs for the heirs, bronze chairs for the nobles or aristocrat representatives who have a hint of royal blood, others were made of irons and woods. At the back of the head chair was a couch facing the glass window, there Gwyn settled as she first arrived, her two companions stayed at her back. Charles already explained to Machi that she was one of the heirs. 

Meera arrived with Rin taking instructions for the investigation on the wounded civilian. Gwyn stood to inquire for the girl’s status. “Good thing you still follow my instructions but not exactly?” Meera complimented but reverted as she saw her clothes
“It’s the only thing I have” Gwyn explained tucking her black pants.
“And your cloak?”
“Ah, I left it somewhere”
“That was not supposed to be misplaced" Meera called for assistance from the servants waiting outside to find the cloak and she went to her post on the left side of the head chair. “I think I know where I left it” Gwyn rushed and walked past to her sister “I'm going to get it” she immediately rushed for the door.
“No one's going anywhere, you've already done so much mistakes and you need to come here on your post” Gwyn felt chills from her sister’s cold stares and withdrew her hand from holding the door handle but the door immediately opened. It was Chief Gerard, some officers who also just arrived, and Ethan.
“Oh Gwyn. Hah the weakling is here” Ethan was surprised when he saw Gwyn the time he opened the door and went to his usual treatment to her.
“Lady Carrie!” Gerard panicked when he had the glimpse of who were inside; the lady who wore a brown cloak seated on one of the heir’s post “Ethan quick bow down and give respect to the heirs!” Gerard instructed.
“What?” Ethan was shocked and promptly paid his respect when he realized who was there.

Meera stood, raised her hand and about to throw a compressed orb of energy “Who is this undaunted man?” Meera asked.
“Milady! Spare me for my temerity; I’m here to serve the royals” Ethan continued to kneel in front of them.
“To serve is not what I saw but to dishonor the royals!” Meera was pointing her orb to Ethan when the King arrived.
“What is this commotion all about?” Frank demanded for an explanation to both parties.
“Dad!” Gwyn and Meera was surprised and the other who are present in the room paid their respect.
“This man should be executed for he put disgrace into one of the heirs” Meera dictated. 
“What have you done?” The King turned to Ethan who was still kneeling in front of Meera.
“Forgive him your Majesty for he does not know what he’s doing” Gerard pleaded
“Enough of this! I'm tired for this day; can we just start the appointment now?” Gwyn interrupted
“That's all you can say?” Meera came near to Gwyn putting down her orb.
“Whatever he does I don’t care, if you will execute him it will not change anything so can we just begin this?” 
“You look pale, are you ok?" Frank asked Gwyn as she was directing to her post, her face revealing her exhaustion.
“Are you okay Gwyn, was this about what happen outside?" Meera added.
“What happened outside?” Frank quickly asked.
“I'm okay Dad, don’t worry maybe I’m just tired or maybe I'm becoming a full-grown” but what worries Gwyn was what the witch has told her earlier.

The King finds favor with Gwyn and started the appointment ceremony, he appointed Machi with Meera and as expected Gwyn protested “Hey wait dad! It’s unfair then this means he would be my protector?” she pointed Ethan who had kept his silence since the ceremony began. “No way! Meera do something” 
“It’s already decided, and I can no longer help it besides dad knows the best for you so all you need is to follow” Meera explained
“No. It would be best if I would be with Machi” Gwyn insisted
“It would be best if you just listen, he would be in best position for you not to control” Meera reiterated.

A soldier from the King’s guardsman arrived from the outside and interferes with the appointment with an unexpected news “Your Majesty, permit me to interrupt, we have an emergency!” the soldier asked for permission.
“Go on, just make sure this is really an emergency for barging this event” the soldier nodded.
“A report says the number of Tanbrea above have rapidly increased and now they are almost everywhere” he stated.
“We need to get back in the palace it’s turning dusk” Frank alarmingly instructed.
“Cannot be Your Majesty, The collapsed dungeon was the suspected entry for their kind” the soldier added.
“What? I did not expect them to find their way this early! Come protectors both infants and full-grown” he called for everyone present at the room “Ethan bring Meera, Gwyn, Machi and also Charles and Rin in a place faraway from here; Machi do your duty and follow your mistress” then he also gave orders to the others.
“I haven't accepted this set up yet” Gwyn complained.
“Stop being hardheaded, this is no longer a game” Meera grabbed Gwyn’s arm.
Frank planted a kiss in Meera's forehead “Take care, I know you're already prepared for this”
“I will dad!” Meera answered hugging back her father.
Then he drew near Gwyn and also kissed her forehead “I've appointed what’s best for your protection please listen to them even just until this complication ceased” with no word Gwyn hug his father for the first time since her mother died. Frank although worried has shown slight smile on his face and patted her daughter’s head.
“How about you dad?” Meera asked.
“If I'll go with you it would be easier for Tanbrea to seize me and the heirs, besides I have my own servants to protect me and probably by tomorrow we can settle this, Tanbrea were never used to the light of sun I just hope I can use that theory to fix this situation” Frank bid his instructions for everybody and immediately followed them.

Chapter 3: Tanbrea’s Serum

The sun is setting reflecting red and orange glow from the sky as well to the waters of the sea, in a blink of an eye Ethan followed the king’s instruction and brought them to the shore far from the palace. The shore was isolated and silent except for the mild waves drifting on their feet. “Milady it would be best if you would stay in the ocean” Ethan advised to Meera. Meera momentarily closed her eyes and think of a way for her sister to survive. “Gwyn” she uttered, her sister stared to her holding her hand. “I should come and follow you Meera” Gwyn requested but her sister pulled her hand and hold her instead.
“You can’t stand to breathe in the water for too long” the cold salty breeze blew. Meera removed her cloak and put it to Gwyn instead and looked at Ethan standing beside her sister “You should protect her no matter what happen, I’m aware that both of you don’t get along that well but I believe you know your duty as her protector” Ethan nodded and showed respect for both of the royals.

“But Meera, only Rin can accompany you, I can see Machi has an avian Lyze" Gwyn consistently find means to stay by her sister’s side but Meera was already firm on her decision.
“Yes I am” Machi claimed, he removed his suit and shoes and he started to reveal his Lyze, his inner shirt was torn by the small wings that emerged from his back. It resembles the bright metallic color of a hummingbird with a combination of glittering blue feathers aligned on his outer wings, his feet extends and claws grew on his toes. 
“But take a look Gwyn” realizing his mistake as he saw Meera frowned being irritated on absence of his honorifics and corrected “Lady Kaleen” Machi flapped his small wings in high speed and suddenly plucked a single feather. He walked past them and called them a little deeper until the chilly water numbing the feet of non-aqua reached their knees. He dipped his feather and the water drifted apart providing an unseen barrier that prohibits the feather from being touched by the water like a bubble was around it.
“A rare ability Milady!” Charles pointed, surprised from Machi’s uncommon ability.
Gwyn’s attention for her stubborn pleas was diverted to her curiosity “I've never thought somebody like you still exist” Gwyn said amazed.
“He would be enough to accompany me” Meera assured Gwyn and took her time for her transformation.
“Don’t worry milady I would take care of Lady Carrie” Machi proudly promised.
“I knew it” Gwyn smiled “Your nullity against aqua is something special and distinctive” she look back to Ethan who was also struck by the revelation. 
“The ocean would be safe for Lady Carrie, there were just a few Tanbrea that has an aqua Lyze” Rin explained his small eyes showed satisfaction on his Mistress’ safety. 

“We need to go” Meera insisted. She remove her shoes and ask to Rin to carry her, she close her legs together and as they attached their color changed and become lighter, her toes became smooth translucent light orange fishtail and peach-colored scales climbed from the tail to her waist; fins have also grown in her elbows and few scales emerged from her left cheek. When her Lyze consummated, Rin carefully put her down to the waters, he removed his coat and also changed to his aqua Lyze. Nothing seems to be obvious except for the gills that appeared to his neck and his toes became webbed. Rin picked all their belongings and handed it to Charles. “Burn this” he instructed.
“It wouldn’t be advisable if we left anything that could track us” he continued and Charles agreed. 
“Take care… we will reach you if we have something to discuss, as for now we need to part” Meera bid her last hug to Gwyn and Machi tugged his arm on Gwyn’s waist embracing her tenderly like a young brother being sent away by his sister. Rin and the others leaved and swim deeper into the ocean until their presence are no longer sensed.

When they returned to the shore Charles used his mind ability and started a fire from his palm that burned their stuff to ashes. It has been a long day and darkness has come to envelope their world, Gwyn and her group continued to walk and entered the wilderness filled with high trees and tall grasses. The three of them was too reserved to start a conversation, the usual cheerfulness of Gwyn was drowned by worries. Ethan as the new companion of Gwyn decided to break the deafening silence “Milady permit me to ask but why did you save my life awhile back at the tower?”
“Don’t be flattered because it’s not called saving” she snapped the twig she was holding “Sometimes I need to stop playing when it’s no longer fun.” She stared to Ethan’s back leading the way “It’s bothering if you suddenly change your personality just because you found out that I’m a royal”
“Could you forgive me with my past actions milady?” Ethan turned to Gwyn and bowed.
“You’re a fake” her eyes were fixed to him without showing any emotion, she walked past through him who was unable to utter even a single word. She turned back to see Ethan speechless from her statement “I hate it more when people pretends to be nice in front of people branded with importance. You’re already annoying from the start and now I am disgusted with your change of treatment.” The words struck Ethan, he knew she was just stating the fact. 

Waking from reality that Ethan was there to serve Gwyn he proceeded to guide them. “We need to find a place where we can stay, forgive me for my absurdity milady”
“Tsk, drop the act Ethan, it’s way too formal” she bickered “Mind if I ask, where we are exactly going. Why here? I mean why won’t you just teleport us in some of the towers that could probably safer than here” Ethan paused for a moment and didn’t respond.
“What happened to your arrogance, should I ripped off my title then?”
“This is the only safe place I know since there are no traces of their entrance found here”
“Towers too might not have entrances” she answered.
“Towers welcomed every kind of races even those who are not Lumnoux” Ethan explained
“Tanbrea wouldn’t dare to make a move if nothing happens in the past” Gwyn walks slowly “I'm tired let’s just stay here”
“Seems you skipped your studies just to play outside and you didn’t even pay attention to the history” Ethan jested losing his temper from Gwyn’s continuous commentaries.
Gwyn gave out a heavy sigh and uttered “History?” she grimaced.

The infant protector have felt the raged and suddenly pointed a dagger made of fire inches far from Ethan’s neck “You maybe a full-grown as we speak but learn to know your place to dare to speak a word against Lady Kaleen, you don’t know anything about her” Charles stated annoyingly.
“She’s the one who demanded to speak casually” he cleared and requested for Charles to stay calm.
“Speaking casually is different from throwing accusations you didn’t even understand, Lady Kaleen has been diligent on…” Charles was halted when Gwyn suddenly pulled him “You” Charles ceased and step back “Don’t need to explain to him anything about me” she said without cutting her gaze to Ethan. “I said I’m tired” she said and turned back.

Charles checked the surroundings and gave Gwyn a nod then both of them began to work with unison. She began to gather dried branches and pile it in one side while Charles collected thick leaves and put it atop the tree roots from a huge fallen tree. “Bonfire” Gwyn pointed the pile of branches to Charles who pick a chunk of wood and threw an ember that soon burned and produces the bonfire. Gwyn moved some thin logs to support the roof of leaves and Charles searched for twigs to tie them up. Finishing his task he went to his mistress and took off his suit and gave it to her. “I think this would be enough” Gwyn declined carefully covered herself with the cloak Meera gave her and sat beside the bonfire.

Ethan, just standing on the other side was astonished how both of them work harmoniously as if one fully knows the other. “Are you sure you can sleep here it’s far from your room in the palace” he asked.
“Don’t be bothered, my room is not a matter to discus, I can manage to take a rest anywhere I wanted” she looked at Ethan “Not unless if you were the one who were not used to such” she continued.
Gwyn settled on the shabby hut they made while her protector stayed awake to guard her. Ethan took the chance to know more about her mistress through her long time protector, Charles. He took the initiative to ask “Charles, how long have you been with Gwyn?”
“You don’t need to know, if you are not serious with your duty you don’t need to stay. If you don’t want the royal appointed to you, you don’t need to pretend” Charles answered bluntly.
“It’s just that I was surprised meeting the princess outside the palace, I don’t have any ill intentions against her”
“You and Lady Kaleen are like oil and water, never meant to be combined.”
“I assumed she treated everyone disregarding their status, how did you manage to keep up with her?”
“She surely does.”  
Charles stared to the burning wood and continued “People from the palace felt unease when she’s around.”
“What do you mean?”
“The king would always demand to protect her, serve her and provide her everything just to please her.”
“Then she grew up filled with luxury, she should act like one”
“You keep finding faults against her, I may suggest that you stop committing if you have no interest in offering your loyalty.”
“I didn’t mean anything, it’s just fascinating that I can’t see any sense of responsibility from her.”
“Stop. You only met her playful side, she covers her pain with keeping herself busy. History you say? She was well aware of that fact, well aware of the division, well aware of the incident.”
“Incident?”
“Keep serving her wholeheartedly and she might consider revealing herself to you.” He faced Ethan “Machi was able to gain her trust easily. Why can’t you?”

The radiance of the moon has been slipping on their temporary roofing and crickets where been consistently chirping providing a soft lullaby to their tired minds. The sudden sound of crashing has jolted Gwyn from her sleep. Scanning the area she found out that Charles was not around, she proceeded and left Ethan seated and sleeping in one of the nearest tree. The surrounding was strangely turned quiet, she cautiously followed the faint whispers she heard. Small flashes of light have caught her attention and followed its source where he found Charles on unexpected situation. 

Struggling to lift the weight of the log that trapped his leg he was also busy casting his fires into someone unseen. 
“Charles!” Gwyn exclaimed and rushed to her protector. 
Charles was surprised to see his mistress and he suddenly shouted “Run milady, you need to save your life” he insisted trying to pull his leg.
Instead of following her protector she become more curious of what happened. “Don’t move too much and let me help you” Gwyn insisted while she tried to remove the log. 
“Why on earth you are still alive milady?” her voice was young yet the strength of her expression was intimidating “It’s pretty interesting that you are still breathing” Gwyn was confused and almost failed to recognize, her face as well as her skin have become younger, her wavy long hair moved as blown by the wind. Her bony fingers was no longer the same but the ring which she previously wore have become obvious and distractive, the only proof that she was the witch whom Gwyn had previously encountered.
“It was you! You are the witch from the city” Gwyn’s eyes grew wider and came to her realization “You are one of the Tanbrea.”
“Milady, run why you still can, save your life!” the protector reiterated throwing small fires for Gwyn to step back but she didn’t intent to leave him.
“Shush! I'm talking to her” the witch mocked and turned to Gwyn “Milady?” the witch grabbed Gwyn’s arm and tore the sleeve of her blouse “I never expected this won’t work with you, Lumnoux like you must have already vanished”
“What do you mean?” she pulled “vanish?” she confusedly ask.
“Everybody knows that only one serum can dwell on one’s body, what I gave you at the city was a shot of my serum.” She draw closer to Charles “The effect might have been delayed since you are a royal, but soon the Tanbrea will consume the Lumnoux in your blood and surely one of the heir will die” 

Gwyn threw a thin string of energy to her but just as it was too sudden the strength had wobbled before it even reached her. “If there would be somebody who would die today certainly it would not be me” and again she tried to focus in order to create a more stable orb of energy. “Who said I have Lumnoux in my blood, who are you to make such disturbance?” Gwyn walked pointing her orb to the witch who was swayed by the unexpected revelation.
“So you are a blank spirit?” she gazed at Gwyn's face with amazement then she grinned “Still you should have died because it should have been accepted not unless within…” the witch played with her ring and darted her eyes to Gwyn and stated “You acknowledged it” she pointed Gwyn from face down to her heart.
“Milady, please leave. Let me handle this” Charles interrupted with his exhausted voice.
Gwyn didn’t even budge and her eyes was fixed to the witch “Nobody’s acknowledging anything”
“Gwyn” Charles called, that was the only time he caught Gwyn’s attention which was too focused to the witch. “Gwyn!” another voice called from behind and all of them turned to see who was arriving from a distance. 

The witch strongly believed in the possibility that the only reason why Gwyn was still alive was because Tanbrea was already welcomed in her body. She was satisfied enough for the unexpected result, her smile of victory was keeping Gwyn annoyed. “It’s time for me to go Milady” she smiled and waved to the incoming person who seems to be stuck and can’t even make a single step closer. “Someone is already waiting for you” the witch drew farther and Gwyn threw her energy orb into her but the witch effortlessly dodged “Not too aggressive Milady, reserve that till we meet again, I’m sure it will be soon, very soon” she continued and went to Charles “Because soon you will serve me, it would be polite for me to show you what will happen to your sister” the witch turned her ring and a pin protruded on the outer side. 

Her eyes flinch but remained undisturbed and drew her hand on Charles’ shoulder “Because I will search her no matter what happen, say goodbye to this infant” the pin pricked Charles’ flesh and as soon as the serum injected on his system mixed with other he felt a sudden chill coming from the wound spreading to allover his body. The biting chill turned to be freezing his insides until he can no longer move. The witch laughed as she withdrew her hand, she continued walking farther until a black wisp of smoke absorbed her and disappeared.

Gwyn rushed to help her protector who was losing his consciousness and as soon as Ethan felt the release of his restriction he likewise went to Charles.
“Do something Ethan!" she panicked and demanded witnessing Charles’ flesh turning frigid. His arms started to harden and soon his body and his legs began to tremble. His frozen body have surfaced turning his skin color to icy blue. His lips were trembling, he was trying to speak but cannot utter a word yet Gwyn can clearly see his dreadful eyes turning to horrid white. Ethan pulled the log that trapped Charles and held his wrist, he checked his pulse which was slowly fading. He ripped Charles’ clothes and found out that his torso has already became solid.
“No stay put! Ethan what should I do?" Gwyn became hysterical when she saw Charles gasping for breath.
“His pulse” Ethan said slowly putting Charles hand down “I can no longer feel his pulse”
“We have to do something!” she pleaded but they were too late for any help. His whole body had already solidified, life had deserted him, and his flesh had become frigid. Gwyn softly touched him but his hardened flesh had started to cracked, the crack continued to extend on his frail body and spread forcefully breaking him into pieces that soon crumbled and turned into icy white dust leaving his belongings empty. Both were flabbergasted from an unknown phenomenon that they have witnessed.
Gwyn’s eyes started to tear up “What was that? Where did he go?” watching his dust being blown by the wind.
“He’s gone milady, I'm sorry" Ethan said staring on what’s left.
Gwyn hated witnessing death in front of her and she hated anybody suffering because of her, she covered her eyes and silently weep. Ethan was also surprised but he cannot afford to get distracted now that the situation has escalated, he went to Gwyn patted her head trying to console her “I'm sorry for what happened to him.” Gwyn clung on his arms upon hearing his words of solace which he returned with a hug of empathy.

Gwyn continued to stay on his arms for a moment until she remembered the witch’s warning “Oh no Meera! We should go to Meera that witch is after her” she pulled from his arms and tried to rush back but Ethan grabbed her and stopped her.
“We cannot go back, it wouldn't be safe for both of you”
“But she's in danger! We need to help her!” she shouted feeling the urge to save her sister. “She would really be in danger if you continue to act like that.” Gwyn grab Ethan’s suit and push him enough for him to step back. “Ethan!” she called leaning to him. “You knew her!” Gwyn was becoming agitated and unreasonable, he pushed him and continued to rush back.
“No” Ethan answered and pulled her.
“Then why didn't you help us! You should’ve come before it happened” she blamed him for losing her infant protector, she tried to free her hand from Ethan’s grip but failed.
“She's a Teleporter, I cannot get near to her dome” Ethan explained. He further clarified that Teleporters has the ability to expand and decrease their dome size, limiting their co-teleporters by the innate restrictions of their own dome. They can only teleport limited life forms to places they’ve been before provided that they could trace the presence of their Lyze on the specified location. Teleporters have different abilities and limitation, they cannot transcend each other’s dome but they could see far beyond as long as part of their Lyze was left.

Gwyn was calmed by Ethan’s explanation and she remained to be still as he convince her with his ability and gave his assurance that Meera is safe. The morning sun was beginning to appear when Gwyn already understood the possible consequences of her rushed decision. The sun has come filtering light from tress above waking her to reality that she was now away from her family. “Are you now okay” Ethan asked and Gwyn nodded in reply “But we need to make sure that Meera is safe” she calmly requested. Ethan closed his eyes for a brief moment and stated “She’s safe trust me, we need to continue moving and if we get a chance I can show them to you” Gwyn agreed and followed him tired of trying to argue with him, he clearly stated that part of his training was to go under the sea just to handle cases like that.

It has been a day but there was still no news for them from the palace nor the city. The long day of travel and waiting was making Gwyn more anxious and impatient. She was getting annoyed but before she could start complaining Ethan drew her to his side and pointed to a clear spot of the water from the flowing stream. “Can you see that?” he asked “What was there to see? If you are already hungry and found something on the water, don’t ever try to catch it or else I will fry you” she stated annoyingly glaring at him.
“I’m not barbaric enough to eat my fellow besides I only eat cultured food” he answered and continued “You said you wanted to see Lady Carrie, then bear with me” he pointed the clear spot of the water and asked Gwyn to focus.
Gwyn focus as Ethan instructed, at first she can only see her own reflection but little by little a blurry vision appeared. From a small scoop of clear water trapped on a groove were images formed by Ethan from his shared vision, his eyes was closed transferring what he can see from the other side. Gwyn was familiar with the images, it was under the ocean, on the sunken village that housed different aquatic life, including those who are trapped on their own Lyze and can no longer transform back to humanity. The village was inside a large sea cave where partly dipped and partly lifted from the water. Ethan continued to explore the sea cave and found Meera on one of the cylindrical limestone houses. That limestone house was the previous residence of Laura before she married the King and now was currently heavily guarded by Meera’s aqua servants. Machi was doing his job and accompanying her mistress always staying by her side while Rin was busy making preparations for the villagers. The villagers were aware with Meera’s identity as a royal but were kept from the truth that she was hiding, they believe that it was an official visit and were never aware for the current situation. Gwyn wishes to talk to her sister but Ethan have already discussed that their ability as a teleporter was only limited to vision. When Gwyn was satisfied she shook Ethan that wake him from his present self and ended his vision.

“I almost forgot” she sighed and calmly smiled “I have been worrying too much for Meera, she would never make mistakes like I do.” Gwyn walked past Ethan and when she realized he wasn’t following she wave at him to come “You said we need to keep going, come on” she called and Ethan followed feeling at ease that somehow Gwyn was changing her attitude towards him.
“Now where should we go?” 
“Well, as for now I'm waiting for Chief Gerard's signal to enter Belasa Tower”
“You mean the famous academy for full-grown?”
“It would be the best place to take you since it is full of Lumnoux and full-grown”
“Best place? You see I’m not yet a full-grown, and by the way if you initially plan to take me there why didn’t you do that earlier.”
“Initially, if Tanbrea would have retreated this morning we could be going back to the palace but…”
“Don’t speak any further, I know…” she abruptly replied. “Then what was Chief Gerard waiting for, why can’t we still enter Belasa?”
“They were still busy in casting out the Tanbrea in the city, they have already infiltrated the palace and the least thing that we can do is to take back the city and maintain peace, neither of the citizens should be disturbed by their regular lives and as of now, we the royal servants should help you and your family protect yourselves and your subjects.” Ethan explained.
“Your gift of espionage would only be wasted on me, are you sure you’d like to be a protector?” she bluntly commented.
“You wouldn’t understand Gwyn, but the real achievement here is being one of the protector of either any of the Lumnoux royal blood”
“I think nothing is special about that”
“You think? Being one of the Lumnoux…” he shook his head of disappointment “You would never understand what’s being like”
“Here we go again targeting my flaws, would you stop doing that, a blank spirit like me has also its difference that you won’t understand”
“I’m not born as Lumnoux and have been a blank spirit before and that’s frustrating. For me, serving the royal and getting nearer to them has the same honor just like a noble”
“Well I can’t help it, if all of you are blinded by these ancient history and believed about that stupid division that existed, it’s just a non-sense trend made by Ower and Jad, it’s really nothing, someday I’ll prove to you that that division is really never needed”
“Someday you’ll understand”
“No, Someday you’ll be enlightened by the truth, frustration comes when everybody around you have been trying to fit in world of trends” she caught the leaf that had suddenly fall, put it in her palm and blew and emphasized “It doesn’t end, you tend to give up something you already possess just to acquire what others have and you fail to see that you already has your own gift waiting to be acknowledge” she added. 
“This argument will not end, won’t it?” Ethan pause and gave a sigh realizing Gwyn’s point 

It was already turning dusk when Ethan decided to check on Belasa “I need to check if the tower is safe” he closed his eyes and tried to penetrate the view of his room in the tower. He saw a note written by the chief telling him the tower is now safe but since Belasa tower was protected by something that won’t allow any teleporter to just barged within the tower’s vicinity, Ethan needed to enter like how others normally do. 

Chapter 4: Belasa Tower

“We need to go, Belasa tower is now safe” Ethan called Gwyn, he held her hand and he started teleporting. The teleportation wasn’t as forceful as before, it was like a hollow heat had stir their skin, their clothes flutter from the gentle wind that was blown from every direction and the next thing Gwyn realizes was that they were no longer at the wilderness. It was the only time she appreciates Ethan’s teleportation ability. They arrived at the vine covered front steel gates of the tower, empty mechanical carriage were parked on both sides and there were numbers of Lumnoux entering and leaving the tower. Students were in their academy’s uniform and professionals were on their elite outfits while others look like ordinary civilians but certainly all of them were royal clingers having their royal badge as third in their sun emblem and iron Lyze. 

Entering the unguarded gates was not that difficult but past beyond that on the tower’s lobby lies the security that only a Lumnoux can pass. Ethan pinned a sun emblem on Gwyn’s crumpled collar and tried to shake off the dirt from his own suit.
“This emblem” she touched the emblem feeling its engraved sun marks on her fingers “Charles?”
“Yes, it dropped when he vanished, we just need to borrow it from him for the meantime” he explained that only those who are already a Lumnoux proven by their sun emblem can enter. Belasa tower is the place where full-grown researchers, soldiers, officials, protectors and other royal servants were trained and spent time after work. 
They continue to walk then suddenly Gwyn stopped and uttered “Strange”
“Huh?” he turned to see her purposely staring at him.
“Have you been aware that the royal appointed to you is still an infant?”
“I have” he went to her side to hold her arm and touched the black veins spreading on her forearm.
Gwyn pulled “Yes you are my protector but you don’t have the right to touch me like that” she hid her arms on her side afraid that the witch’s poison would cause a greater problem.
“First you must hide your identity”
“Let’s just tell them the truth so that they stay out of the way”
“The royals were the Tanbrea’s target and it wouldn’t be advisable to tell them the truth, you can’t pretend to be my relative because everybody knew I don’t have any, the most convenient alibi would be to become my girlfriend that would be more plausible than any other explanation”
“Your w-what? I would never do that!” Gwyn stuttered, surprised with Ethan’s suggested arrangement.
“We can’t afford to raise any suspicions, right now I need a friend to check that” Ethan had felt Gwyn’s hesitation to reveal on what really happened to her, he pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and tied it on her arm to hid the dark marks. “You do as I say and as far as I can remember you love pretentions which leads to my almost execution”
“I didn’t pretended to be anybody. You are the one who are too rude to begin with and you can’t even control your haughtiness” 
“You are a royal by blood but you didn’t act like one, nobody would have guess your status” Ethan smirked hearing Gwyn’s continuous protest. “Ah, one more thing, since you would be becoming my girlfriend I guess I need to tell you this to survive, girls from this tower keep on chasing me, and they might take their claws on you” he teased as he continued and entered the gates.
“Eh? Your such a nuisance, kept bragging yourself whenever you have time” she sneered annoyed by Ethan’s usual arrogance.
“I mean it” he teasingly clarified. 
“What kind of protector are you to throw me into something like that?”
“Then all you need to do is always stick to me” he laughed mischievously.

Both almost look like beggars with their notably scruffy sight; their clothes were covered with dirt marks, their hairs were untidy and their appearance were frowzy. Even so, when they presented their sun emblem to the lobby security both were accepted and were welcomed, nobody dared to question their looks. The moment the front door was opened, Gwyn was surprised on how the academy looks; it was not as she expected it to be. It was dark inside and were only illuminated by many floating fires concentrated on each unique lounge reflecting colors of the specific lounge occupants. They vary from elemental factors such as water shades of navy blue, fire shades of crimson red and orange, snow shades of sapphire and white and nature shades of lush green. Freely dangling like a jellyfish floating and dancing gracefully synchronized in mid-air. The noise from the music played were loud with a fast beat hooking listeners to unending entertainment. There were good-looking male and female servers wearing a mixture of dark purple shirts and gray vest stationed from the each bars located in every corner. The bars does not only serve drinks and liquors but also items of value, too many people have crowded Belasa and by the looks, it cannot be called an Academy but rather a fusion of an elite night club and refined emporium.
“So this is the academy?” Gwyn sighed with disappointment.
“Just stay by my side, I know your disappointed but we are totally different when the night is over.”
“That sounds more troublesome than being outside” Gwyn disbelieved. A lady with a sleek black long hair have come and approach them, her hair was tied by a purple bow with edges freely dangling. At the end of each edges were her sun emblem and her clear feline-faced silver iron Lyze. She spat Ethan on his shoulder as hard as she can and greeted “Hey you’ve been out for too long, I haven’t seen you when we clean the streets yesterday” her voice was sweet and coquettish. 
“Hi Threse” Ethan greeted back and waved his hand “Yeah, I’ve been busy in other places” he answered. Gwyn felt misplaced when Ethan and Threse talk comfortably and informally. She was beginning to step back when Ethan grabbed onto her waist and pulled her closer “Threse, meet Gwyn” he didn’t added any word and remained close to Gwyn who was silently struggling to remove Ethan’s hand.
“Oh? That… d-does… mean…?” Threse stuttered and was trying to tell something but was instantly answered.
“Yes it is what you think it is, by the way I need something” Ethan went closer to Threse and whispered for a request. Her eyes searched for something momentarily then pointed to somebody from the dancing crowd on the open space at the center stage. Ethan again whispered to Threse for some instruction and leave Gwyn behind.
“Hey” Threse called. “You’re quite pretty. I’m jealous of you two, but it will also end soon” Threse clapped her hands and seemed to reminisce something “Just like mine” she hummed and smiled to Gwyn.
“What do you mean?”
“This Ethan has the attitude of changing ladies from time to time, I’m afraid you will also weep when time comes” she giggled.
“Eh? I’ve already anticipated that with his looks” Gwyn answered with an awkward look.
“By the way he asked me to lead you to one of the meeting rooms, come” Gwyn followed Threse who was still babbling about the time when Ethan was with her and never realized that Gwyn was never interested. Threse’s server uniform greatly emphasized her body figure and kept Gwyn from staring her back, she would have guess that she was older than her but seems to act somewhat younger. She led her to a more decent place with enough lights to brighten the narrow hallway and where what was only left from the sound of music was just a hush. 

Threse opened the door from her left and leave Gwyn afterwards. The room was quite cozy, a little bit dark and only illuminated by two hanging lamps, there were no windows but only walls with decorated with painting and a large mirror on the other side. The room was silent compared to what she observed from the outside, she can even noticed the sound of the burning wick from the lamp. She saw the sofa seemingly inviting her to lie down and rest on its soft cushion, she was tired and exhausted would have wanted to grab that opportunity to repose. 
She rested her head on one of the soft armrest and lifted her legs on the other side. She tried to relax as she recalls all the events that had happened. Her mind was starting to doze off when she was distracted by somebody coming from the outside. “What’s the rush he was saying, I was barely enjoying the night then he suddenly appeared giving me orders while there he is, taking my precious time” his complaining voice became clear when he opened the door. It was Sacho the friend and at the same time the competitor of Ethan, he ranked second to Ethan in almost everything. 
“I swear I will ruin one of that Ethan’s night as a payment…” Sacho was stopped seeing a maiden taking a rest, Gwyn tilted her head to see who opened the door. Gwyn gazed at him; his hair is white with multiple silver highlight and wears a flashy moss green shirt with silver collar edges and on his collar is his sun emblem and his iron Lyze of inch long slim snake with sparkly golden scales. He was ostentatious and Gwyn was dissatisfied “So, Ethan sent you? If it’s such a bother just go on, leave” she sighed “I don’t need you anyway.”
“Well, he never said such a beauty will be waiting for me here” Sacho draw closer to Gwyn.
“I thought you hated to be here, who are you and what exactly are you doing here?” Gwyn asked as she jerked from his sudden grip.
“Ethan told me to check on a venom, I am Sacho and my specialties are on poisons”
“Poisons?” Gwyn clarified.
“Yes, so I assumed, you, my enchanting lady is the one I needed to save” Sacho sluggishly grabbed both of her arms pinning her, his strength was far more superior than hers “Now, let me check the poisoned part”
“Hey what are you doing? Let go of me” Gwyn have been fighting, tired yet still able to form an orb of energy on her right hand
“Oooh a persistent one, I like that.” Sacho praised, she tried to throw the orb which landed on the wall creating a small explosion. Ethan who have just returned heard that commotion and rushed to the room, what he witnessed when he opened the door suddenly boiled him up.  

Ethan teleported Sacho by the bricked bridge throwing him into the water as soon as they arrived. “Don’t dare touch Gwyn!” he angrily shouted while Sacho was still on the water swimming for the edge “I thought she was your gift!” he answered mockingly.
“Did I say anything about a gift?”
“So her name is Gwyn, why were you so annoyed if I play with her, you are acting out of character” Sacho has already reached the sides and continuously dropping his commentaries.
“Because she’s mine!” Ethan answered bluntly just to stop him.
“Fine I get it, can we go back now? It’s getting cold out here” shivering from the breeze that blew to his drenched body.
“Are you already awake from your drunkenness?”
“After pushing me into the water of course I am!”
“Good, then let’s go back and examine Gwyn” Ethan teleported back in the room where Gwyn was prepared to throw concentrated orb of energies to anybody who will approach her.
“Put that down Gwyn” Ethan ordered
“After what he did?” she looked at Sacho “And why was he dripping wet?” Gwyn sizzled down her orb.
“I’m sorry earlier; I was just a little bit drunk” Sacho apologized.
“So as I have smelled”
“Are you sure he won’t do it again? You should know that even I have been in the streets before, no one have ever dared done that to a ro-”
“Don’t worry my love I will protect you, all he need to do is examine you” Gwyn had almost spill it out, thanks to Ethan who timely interfered. She was stopped not because she became conscious of what she’s been saying but because of what she heard, she almost fell for that sweet word but then she remembered it was just a cover-up
Gwyn sat down on the sofa “Here take a look” she extended her arm to Sacho who touched, snuffled and even licked it “Stop! That’s too much” she pulled her arm from Sacho’s grip.
“Pardon my senselessness” Sacho arranged his seat, he closed his eyes and think for brief of moment.
“What was that?” Ethan asked.
“Whatever it was, it’s not venom, there’s no trace of poison in your system Gwyn but I know it’s deadly”
“Can you do something about it?” Ethan asked
“I’m not sure because it’s a rare case, in fact this is new to me, and I need some time to study about this”
He stood and whispered to Gwyn “If you find this man too troublesome, I am happy to welcome you in my arms” he laughed then leave the two in the room.

Their arrival in Belasa means that Ethan needs to report to the chief immediately. He was aware that Gwyn was already tired for the day and needed to take a rest. They ride the lift and Ethan gave his room keys to Gwyn.
“Here’s the key, my room is the last to your left so you won’t miss it. I need to talk to chief for my report” he said.
“Your room?”
“Yes, I’ll be back as soon as I can”
“You mean we will stay in one room?”
“If that’s what needed to guard you” Ethan leaves Gwyn mumbling with disagreement.
Gwyn was quite surprised as she arrived in his room. “He sure will never survive on the streets if he is used to this place” she muttered to herself while scanning the area. His room was spacious, there’s a comfy living room at the center connecting the kitchen to its left and the bedroom on its right. Glass shelves were on its wall containing his trophies, badges, certificates and other honorary compliment from the Belasa Academy. “Pretty luxurious for an academy’s dorm” keeping her eyes wandering she suddenly bumped into something unseen. Curious, she tried to reach the air but suddenly a girl appeared in front of her, she has a long beautiful blonde hair, the white Academy’s suit jacket added the elegance of her presence. She stride swiftly attacking Gwyn with her dagger. Gwyn covered herself with the little energy left for defense “Who are you? And what the…” the girl continuously attacks “Should I introduce myself to you?” the girl asks.
“I said stop!” Gwyn demanded but her opponent was persistent while she tries to dodge every attack. “Please bear in mind my name and Lyze for your information, Amanda the chameleon” as she giggled while attacking Gwyn.

***

Ethan went to Gerard to report everything, from the departure of Meera and her companions, the appearance of the witch, and the death of the infant protector, everything except from something he wasn’t sure of; the dark veins that started to crawled on Gwyn’s forearm, he wanted to cure his mistress before telling it to the King. 
“We are still not sure of what lies behind this Academy, Lady Kaleen should stay inside as what the King requested”
“Yes chief” Ethan affirmed Gerard’s instruction.
“You already knew her history; she loves to escape whenever she feels imprisoned, so never let her feel that way”
“It doesn’t seem that way. Yes she is too stubborn for a princess but I think she’s far better than how everybody have described her. Nobody knew who she really is or how she feels. I as her protector will never disappoint the King on the task he has given to me.”
“Good, that simply means you can handle her. Remember what I told you before about the twin who the King favored so much? She’s no other than Lady Kaleen. The King wants to regain her trust but always failed. Was she already on your room?” Ethan nodded and both proceeded to Ethan’s room. On their way to his room, they’ve sensed that something was wrong; as soon as they heard the rumble from inside they both hurried and entered. 
“Amanda stop!” Gerard ordered and the girl immediately dropped her dagger after she recognized the commanding voice. 
“Now leave!” Gerard demanded. Amanda went on her way but suddenly hide herself behind the door and mimicry herself anticipating that the chief wouldn’t notice.
“I’ll give you suspension if you don’t leave this instant!” Gerard scolded and so she followed.

The chief bowed down to show his respect and started “Forgive me milady for her behavior”
“You’ve been very consistent in apologizing for your students’ actions”
“Amanda came from a noble family and thinks too highly of herself”
“It doesn’t matter, this person might have something to do about that behavior because she keeps on telling his name” she pointed Ethan who was busy cleaning the scattered glass on the floor. Hearing his name he showed an I-told-you look to Gwyn. 
“For now milady you should stay on Ethan’s room and continue to conceal your identity” Gerard advised to Gwyn while she walks near the dark curtain covered glass window “Did you know how much trouble I have encountered since he was appointed to me?”
“My apologies milady” Gerard humbled.
“And yet again…” she smiled “You really loved that word don’t you? Don’t be too formal in front of me, I’m not Meera or my Dad” Gwyn pulled the dark curtains to sides and there revealed the far view of the royal palace.
“I never thought the palace can be spotted from here” she turned to Gerard “Are you responsible for handling Tanbrea?”
“I’m not milady, my apologies but we never expected them to come too soon and the numbers of our soldiers were not enough”
“Soldiers lack because you focus on something unimportant, like filling that place with protectors” she pointed the palace.
“I told you before our service to royals are our passion” Ethan interrupted.
“Lady Kaleen as of now you need to pretend to be a student of this Academy” the chief instructed.
“How inconvenient, up until now I cannot be called a real student here”
“Don’t’ worry milady, starting tomorrow we will be focusing on your Lyze, after all we’ve heard from Lady Carrie that you are starting to develop your natural instinct.” 
Gerard leaved after he gave his instructions, as decided Ethan let Gwyn stayed in his bedroom while he stayed on his living room.

Morning came and Gwyn’s Academy uniform was delivered. It was composed of high-collared white long-sleeve shirt with thick black ribbon and white knee-length pleated skirt, the uniform also includes the Academy’s suit jacket of white with a soft yellow sun-rays on its wrist. From the package also comes a small box that contain two pins, the sun emblem and an artificial iron Lyze of fish tail with the brilliance of diamonds, it looks like the exact copy of Meera’s iron Lyze. Gwyn changed clothes and made preparations and before she wear the suit jacket she asked Ethan “Do I really need to wear this set? Amanda from last night I saw her only wearing this suit.” she raised the suit jacket.
“New students should wear the whole set and after that you will be given the choice to wear anything provided that you use the Lumnoux logo and the iron Lyze which is why I’m wearing these.” Ethan pinned a sun emblem to his usual pure white top, his long silky black hair had been neatly tied and his iron Lyze had become more visible.
Gwyn pointed her iron Lyze pinned on her suit jacket “I’ve been wearing Charles’ emblem since yesterday and now you’re asking me to wear Meera’s iron Lyze duplicate” she added.
“That was Chief Gerard’s advised, he already arranged everything and that artificial iron Lyze was made by a trusted engineer. It will break the moment your Lyze wake up, you owned the inside. By the way it’s nice to see you wearing that uniform” Ethan complimented
 “You should know the difference between a compliment and insult, I’m still an infant remember?” 
“Fine, I will now accompany you in your classes and you’ve just started and it is mandatory for you to be in the orientation and new trainee program.” 
“Then it will be good, not seeing you around sounds fun” Gwyn smirked “Is Machi from your class?” she suddenly asks.
“No, he just started a month ago”
“And he almost wins the tournament?”
“That’s exactly the reason I was annoyed, you see he really is a talented boy. Passing the new trainee program in just a week and found his mentor after such a short period of time, he never showed his Lyze before and it was also my first time seeing him transform at the shore.”
Ethan tries to add more detail but Gwyn inquired a different thing “But how about my Lyze?”
He tapped her head like a petting a child “Don’t worry. Although this Academy is for full-grown, our Lyze will remain confidential not unless you want to reveal and use it to showcase your abilities”
“Right?” Gwyn nodded and she added “You can now go, I think I can manage here” and she entered her room.

The class started and Gwyn was reluctant to attend a place where she doesn’t belong. The new trainee program includes mix-aged Lumnoux, there were young ones perhaps younger than Machi and also aged ones from bearded man to a lady with hair turning grey. Everybody was bragging their Lyze who has just awaken, everybody was different from the other, there’s a young boy who shrink his size and have beetle antenna and wings, the old lady has a large brown-orange butterfly wings and her arms and legs were covered by butterfly hairs, a boy with a rooster tail and arms covered in feathers, a girl with a bright yellow-orange feathers and a green and blue markings just like a parrot, the bearded man has a dark blue fish-scales all over his arms with gills on his neck, a lad had a triangular fox ears and bushy long tail; everybody was nagging her to show her own. She doesn’t receive any special treatment and not safe for bullies due to concealment of identity but she can survive all that, after all she was one of those street wanderer who can live during tough times. 

Ethan picked Gwyn on lunch after her class and they went to the cafeteria, while riding the mechanical lift she asked “I’m just curious, what does this academy taught to students? The new trainee program was too basic. It’s the same with the different academies and with regards to mind abilities I think a single professor can’t teach a class with differences”
“Belasa is the only Academy authorized to serve the royals, and we don’t actually have a single professor after the basic program” he answered.
“What do you mean?” she was confused.
“Classes after the basics are composed of activities more than books or discussions practically the reason why it doesn’t require uniforms, most of the time the Chief and other Heads administer tests for promotions and royal recommendations, we also receive outside tasks depending on our goals, mine wants to be a royal protector others might like to be an engineer or soldiers.”
“It doesn’t make any sense how can this be the best Academy if you don’t have proper training?”
“Ah, the training? That’s the purpose of the tower’s night club, as you have witnessed, royal servants came back here at night to mentor the students, you are aware that we all have our differences right? Searching was the hard part, you need to stay hidden but you also need to convince them with what you have. You can easily guess their work because of their professional uniforms but their mind abilities are your challenge. I’ve heard that Sacho find his mentor when they accidentally switched their poison pouch, if that didn’t happen then he might not have a mentor and he might be force to leave the Academy.”
“You mentioned before that teleporters can’t surpass each other’s dome, then…?”
“I was trained by the Chief himself; he is friend of the King’s teleporter”
“Mr. Alfred?”
“Yes, he writes everything in a journal and was given to Chief Gerard so that I can use it”
“That’s pretty interesting; I never thought that the night club has other reasons to exist”

They arrived at the cafeteria which Gwyn have almost failed to recognize, it is the same place that turns to club during night. The different unique lounge had turned to a uniformed French style coffee tables, the bars had changed to counters each serving different kind of food like vegetables, cultured fish and meat, snacks and other dishes, there were no longer floating fires instead the natural light from the sun has been filtering from the glass window. The cafeteria also extends to the garden. “I can’t believe this place turns to something decent during the day” she admired.
“Am I hearing a compliment?” Ethan teased and led her to a table “I haven’t formally introduced you yet to my colleagues” and Ethan started to point them one by one “This is Sacho, he’s not practically my friend but he always tag along” Sacho offered a hand shake but Gwyn ignored it “This is Threse and this is Amanda they are…”
“I already met them yesterday!” Gwyn glared at him.
“And this is Kevin” Kevin is a classmate of Machi and year younger than them, his serious face never shows his true emotions. He is training to be a researcher and always wear his full set of uniforms of white inside-shirt and black pants and matching tie, also has a suit jacket of white with sun emblem and iron Lyze of a raccoon head although thumb-sized small you can clearly see the black cheek patches that narrow into a vertical stripe extending from the space between the eyes to the top of the head.  “And why are you here Kevin?” Ethan asked.
“Don’t worry I just wanted to check it personally, the rumor about you recommending a new student to chief which happened to be living with you in your room right now” Kevin says as he was composedly sipping his tea.
“You, what?” Threse and Amanda chorused.
“Whatever you both are thinking, it’s not!” Gwyn clarified.
“You took interest on either exemplar or high profile girls in this Academy that’s why I wanted to check” Kevin reiterated.
“Never mind her she’s the opposite” Ethan cleared pointing Gwyn beside him.
“But she will suit my taste” Sacho declared.
“Hey, Gwyn right? If you’re the opposite as Ethan claimed, maybe your Lyze might be something entertaining” Amanda intentionally stated as an informal dare for Gwyn to show her Lyze.

Gwyn froze and realized that she wasn’t prepared for it, she doesn’t have a Lyze to show and Ethan’s colleagues are not the type to stop when you just say so. Ethan started to speak trying to sway the topic when he suddenly saw what Gwyn was trying to do. Gwyn stretched her right arm, closed her eyes and search for her inner energies. She took a deep breath and arranged her thoughts. 

With her ability to control objects, the glass of water from their table levitated and swirled on their center, faster and faster until all the water inside spilled and sprinkled to them.
 “Entertainment you say? Is this enough? Seeing you all like a drenched chicken right now, how fascinating” she stepped back and leaved them stunned.
“This is ridiculous Ethan!” Threse complained while wiping her face.
“Unprofessional and unethical!” Amanda added.
“You asked for it” Ethan cracked a laugh.
“Ethan I can sense you are very similar to her, not sure what in particular. Certainly not the skill and talent, you somehow smelled the same?” Kevin said as he was carefully shaking off the drops of water from his suit.
“You are really good in sensing things, can you also sense that watching me too much have already become too annoying” Ethan turn around but Kevin grabbed him and whispers “I…can sense darkness from both of you, both faint, yours is old and hers is new” Ethan continued to leave but Kevin’s statement had really bothered him.

Chasing Gwyn, Ethan pulled her and dragged her to a room where no one can hear them “What part of that actions keep you from staying low profile?” Ethan reprimanded.
“I told you I can manage, you shouldn’t have brought me to them.”
“As you have notice, rumors are spreading and it will be unadvisable if I will keep you from them.”
“Then you should have prevented this to happen.”
“I am, if you only think before you act”
“I can manage to stay low profile, nobody would know who I am”
“Fine, you told me that you can manage? I bet this would be the right time to prove it”
“Huh?” Gwyn was confused.
“The King called me to meet him, I will be gone for a couple of days and I hope you do well, but because of what happen right now I’m reluctant of leaving.”
“I assure you I won’t mess things up” Gwyn promised.
“That sounds more troublesome” Ethan commented “I will ask Sacho to look over for you, he won’t suspect if I will to tell him that I just want to monitor the poison inside you.”
“No! That sounds more troublesome”
“You cannot say no, now do you have any message that you want me to deliver?” Gwyn was too shy to admit that she is worried yet her face tells otherwise, she bows her head down feeling lonely and at fault.
“All right I will just tell him that…”
“Just tell him, stay alive” Gwyn finishes his sentence and came back to her classes.
Chapter 5: The Palace

Gwyn was greeted by the warmth of the morning sun around Ethan’s room; she saw a note on the wooden bedside table saying “Be leaving for 3 days, hope you won’t make any trouble while I’m gone.” She disregarded the note and made her preparations for her classes but upon opening the closet she saw another note from Ethan, then another to the bathroom mirror, then to the dining table, to the kitchen, several to the glass trophy cabinet; the room was filled with notes indicating the do’s and don’ts for her. Ethan had travelled far but seems to keep on his duty as her protector. 

Gwyn removed every note she saw and threw it to the trash bin. She opened the window curtain and stared to the far view of the palace, the home where she once lived. She have been actively thinking of how to draw back the Tanbrea who had currently occupying it, this would only be her chance while his protector was out for a journey.

Ethan asked favor to Sacho to secretly watch Gwyn for the reason of monitoring her from her poison yet obviously Sacho could not be bound to do it hidden particularly to Gwyn. He fancy Gwyn too much and that very morning he waited on Ethan’s room and accompanied her. He always clings to her wherever she goes, following her, teasing her and serving her like they’ve known each other for a very long time.  Although Gwyn’s first day without Ethan had almost been wasted on accommodating Sacho she had unintentionally gained Gerard’s trust. She knew that the chief never leave his eyes off her and always has his spy whenever she go, do or act, somehow she succeeded on behaving and had convinced them that she will not meddle on their current conflict. Basing from his judgment that Gwyn wouldn’t do anything unnecessary, Gerard releases her from his surveillance and trusted solely that Sacho can handle the situation even if Gwyn’s true identity was kept from him. 

Gwyn doesn’t have enough time before her protector returns from his errand; she cannot afford to waste her chance now that she was released from being a threat. At the second day she decided to device her plan, she went to the cafeteria garden beyond the glass window where the vines from outside gate had crawled-in.  The sunlight that was filtering that afternoon was so warm and comforting, Sacho followed Gwyn leaving Ethan’s colleague inside chatting and laughing by themselves. Gwyn demanded Sacho to leave but he insisted to stay “You look troubled at this moment, why should I leave you?” he asked.
“Because I need to be alone, so that I can think?” she sarcastically answered and sat near the vine covered crossed arbors.
“Then let me accompany you, it’s been so long since I’ve been with them, thanks for reminding me that I also need quiet time for myself” he smirked and both of them stared to the clear blue sky blankly unable to figure out what to do.
“Can I trust you with something Sacho?” Gwyn broke the silence and asked.
“If you are planning to run away from Ethan, I would gladly welcome you in my arms” he mocked and put his hands on her shoulder.
“No, that’s not it and please remove that thing on my shoulder or else I’ll blow it off” Sacho was staring at her waiting for a word as she tilted her head above and closed her eyes. She was weighing the circumstances; would she allow him to come with her and take risk that he might stop her the moment he discover her identity or would she able to deceived him on a story she perfectly designed.

“Hmm, you look more serious than usual, is there anything that bothers you? Come on you can trust me”
“I specifically don’t trust you” she glared “Do you know why I was suddenly summoned to attend the Academy during this crucial time?” she started but felt that Sacho was too cautious to fall for her words.
“To chase your boyfriend!” he laughed and immediately added when he sensed that Gwyn was pissed “Not specifically, although I felt you were hiding something.” Sacho showed his serious composure as he leaned on the arbor and crossed his hands.
“Quit it, he’s never been my boyfriend… He ...I mean Chief Gerard had only given me a mission and I’m afraid that I may not accomplish my task because of him.”
“Stop playing with me Gwyn, don’t make stories” Gwyn was shocked and rattled that she was found out. “I knew this Academy better than you” he pointed out and a rush of nervousness had come down on her spine. 

Gwyn doesn’t want to involve Sacho but she has no other choice but to do it herself than relying on Gerard because in that moment she was so desperate to do everything. She decided to tell everything to Sacho since she was already found out, she was about to start her confession but in that moment it became clearer.
“Just tell me the truth, I know Ethan very well better than anybody. I’ve studied him so that I can defeat him, girls keep swarming around him but he never paid attention to them, most have claimed that they have relationship; they’ve keep on spreading rumors but they were never true.”
“What do you mean?” confused of what Sacho really knows.
“He became famous of changing girlfriends from time to time, but that was just only the result of his unending curiosity on events and facts about the royal blood; but I never heard him nor saw him been committed to someone.”
“Wait, I’m not following what you’re saying” her brows knitted and still confused.
“You are the first girl he’d taken care of. He asked me to watch you… but seeing you denying your relationship makes you really doubtful on what is your real plan on entering this Academy.” Gwyn was relieved that he really knew nothing.
“I mean it” with a please-believe-me face she said “The chief had only given us both a task but he keeps on preventing me from doing anything.” A loophole was created to magnify her lies.
“Well that was really his character.” Sacho concluded.
“Competitive” they’ve both agreed and smiled.
“Now. Why were you here again?” he remembered and continued on their conversation.
“I’m actually not sure if it’s okay to drag you in my conflict.”
“Is that so? If it isn’t that confidential you can tell me, who knows I might be able to help you” he offered.
A sparkle in Gwyn’s eye had emerged showing that he finally fall on her trap.

She explains her plan as if a mission was really given to her by the King himself. That she was aiming to be trained as a royal investigator and was given the chance to accelerate if she will accomplish her mission which is to enter the palace; to scout and spy on the Tanbrea and she needs to produce her report at the soonest possible time which is necessary for their current situation. To make it sound realistic she said that she came from a noble family far from the main city giving her the easy access to enter the Academy. Ethan was paired to her because of how urgent and significant the mission was while she was picked because of her knowledge and familiarity to palace’s foundation. Ethan was pre-occupied on other tasks and she explained that she never intend to be burdened by him, he prevented her from doing anything as he always wanted his tasks to be done on his own ways. She made a very convincing explanation; targeting Ethan’s self-reliance and even showed Charles’ royal badge which she rummaged from Ethan’s room that made Sacho agreed to her that instant. 

After class they’ve both decided to secretly go to the palace, they’ve waited for the shifting of the cafeteria to night club where a perfect time was opened to cover their sneaky agenda as the mentors have started to arrive. Gwyn took the lead and brought him to a secret passage at the back part of the palace. They arrived at the ancient huge tree, the thin leaves dangling following their direction as they passed-through, the path was rarely used proven by the withered leaves and dried grass untended and desolate. The tree was almost surrounded by a large body of swamp but few steps from there; beyond the tall blades of grass was a hidden wooden bridge that stretched the connection to the palace hedge. 

She guided Sacho thru the bridge which was too fragile, it creaked and swayed when they step and most part were already swallowed by the mossy green water. She knew where to step preventing both of them to slip and step on those missing and weaker plank of wood, with not much of their effort they arrived at dry land that links to the hedge twenty feet high. Gwyn approached one of its pillars and pushed some mysterious part of the hedge which made it move, revealing an entrance.
With a mixture of surprise and confusion, Sacho asked “Gwyn how do you exactly know about this place?”
“Do you think I was given this mission for no reason?” she smiled and Sacho praised her for her resourcefulness.
“Now, I need you stay here Sacho. It wouldn’t be advisable if you enter with me.”
“Don’t underestimate me Gwyn, besides I’m not supposed to leave you alone” he protested.
“I don’t underestimate you but I’m already prepared and trained for this, If you knew the Academy better than I do, I know this place better than you do. Just flag me if anything suspicious come out while waiting here, all I need to do is to scout the palace ground”
“Even so, the palace is too dangerous and full of Tanbrea”
“That’s true, but having a healer apprentice around without any knowledge of what’s inside would not make any difference and would only…” Gwyn was trying to say he was just a burden but Sacho has already concluded.
“Fine, if you insist maybe it can’t be helped, after all this is your mission and not mine, but please bring this along with you.” Sacho handed him a small brown pouch that contained a grape-sized squishy blue-filled bubble, Gwyn tried to squeeze it.
“Oh please don’t break it near me” he protested and stopped her “That blob has specialized dust from a rare plant that if broken will expel gas” 
“A gas? How can this supposed to help me?” 
“That’s basically nothing, a gas that cannot be seen, smell or sensed but my blob can slow down the effect of a poison entering your system. Ah one more thing, since I am the only one that can trace and detect it I’ll come right away if you break it.” Having been satisfied with their arrangement, Gwyn immediately entered the hedge and Sacho stayed on the entrance on guard.

***

Upon receipt of his instruction from Chief Gerard, Ethan immediately went to his journey towards meeting the King from his hideout; the place was restricted to anybody so basically his teleportation ability can’t just work in that instant, reaching it would really take time and effort. He teleported to a cliff on an isolated island and from there used a row boat that took him a whole day to reach his destination. It was specifically instructed to him to travel on daytime when the sunlight is still up and travel only above the water since it was rare for Tanbrea to have an aqua Lyze. He didn’t stop even when the heat was burning his skin, even when too much light had been blinding him just to reach the destination. He arrived at the shore before the sun disappeared and pulled his boat on the harbor; a man came and approached him to check his identity. The man have tanned skin and a long frizzy brown hair; he wore a tribal coat from an animal skin and around his head was a braided dried grass, he has a large muscular body fearless and intimidating, “Speak your name!” he spoke with a firm and round voice.
“Ethan, I’m from the main city”
“Purpose?”
“I’m here to speak to a certain person”
“This land is restricted area, nobody is allowed in here and nobody dared to enter will ever return.” The man pointed his sharp sphere to Ethan, Ethan tried to step backward but the man noticed him.
“Nobody alive can leave” he reiterated.
“I came for a certain man who’s currently residing in here, if you’re his follower then certainly you can’t kill me.”
“I’m Taja, a peacekeeper of this place, my tribe is called Tulum or Thin Line as the main city had called us, we’re not bound with any serum if that’s what you’re expecting and we kill if needed”
“The Thin Line… So you people were the one who serve the royal as executioners?” Ethan answered in surprised.
“We Tulum, are the sacred balance keeper as Jad had established, from blood of his and his enemy. We don’t kill for entertainment but for preservation. Now, are you ready to die?” Taja was beginning to lose his patience.
“Wait, I came here for the King, I’m sorry Taja I’m just being cautious in revealing my intention” Ethan showed his pins as proof that he is a Lumnoux. Taja lowered his sphere and pointed on the woods.
“Well, young man with too much brain but with less strength, go beyond that woods, a path has been prepared for you not to be lost” Taja instructed. When Ethan was about to enter the dark woods Taja spoke again to warn him.
“Only follow the blue fires, they say they are the Tulum spirits who protected this land, they get agitated when your mind wanders around.”
“I’ll remember that” he answered.
“One more thing… How many people did your King brought?”
“I’m not sure but basing from Mr. Alfred’s ability, maybe around 8 or 9”
“Too bad, one got too curious yesterday and got touched by these blue fires.”
“I’ll keep that in mind” Ethan said flustered that the blue fires can erase his existence by their touch. He proceeded and he can easily see these mesmerizing blue fires as the darkness have started to envelope the whole place and the woods had embraced its blackness.

Ethan followed the blue fires and never tried to pry on the Tulum tribe hidden behind them, he saw a cabin at the far center of the woods illuminated by thousands of fireflies. He rushed to reach the center but before he did he felt a dome was currently occupying the cabin. He continued and reached his limit where a hut was placed at the exact distance. The hut was just recently made as a temporary base for someone maybe intended basically for him. It was bamboo-framed and roofed with straw and a small bell was tied on its door. He opened the door and the small bell rang and echoed on the darkness, he paused and waited for the bell’s echo to subside. The cabin’s door opened and a man of familiar young face dressed in an army uniform came out from inside. “Who are you and why are you here, young man?” he shouted.
“I’m Ethan, summoned by the King”
“Well then, come here for your report” the man suggested.
“I can’t, another dome was inside” The man was convinced and approached Ethan and introduced himself. “I’m General Jim by the King’s aide. You have just answered my question correctly” biting his pipe as he spoke.
“What do you mean question?” Ethan confusedly asked.
“If you did just one step when I asked you, I would have taken you down as an intruder, here” he explained and handed him a scroll
“Furthermore, I’ve seen you at Belasa before and I’ve never known that you would be the protector of that stubborn princess” Jim added as if mocking Ethan.
“Was that a compliment or an insult sir?” Ethan asked for clarification.
“Ah no, no, no don’t mind what I’ve said, let’s just say our principle differ from each other” he opened the door widely so that both of them can see what’s inside which was shockingly look more comfortable than what Ethan was expecting. Jim pointed the bed on the left side and the supplies on the table on the other side “I guess this will be enough, I will fetch you tomorrow morning, I know you’ve been in a long journey. Rest for now” he said and then he returned to the cabin. 

Ethan was so curious of what the scroll contain, he sat on the soft bed waited for a moment to prepare himself then spread the scroll on his lap, and he recognized the handwriting of Alfred his mentor. On the scroll were specific instructions for certain ability, it contains the limitations, advantages and even the consequences of excessive usage. He read every word, and tried to follow the indicated actions, excited of what does the scroll be of use. He was surprised when he reached the bottom of the scroll saying this is prohibited in any circumstances. What a waste, he thought flipping and tossed the scroll on his side.

Dawn came and a lady dressed in royal uniform of a healer, coat of white overlapped by her wine-colored dress with small golden floral print at the bottom. Ethan opened the door and was refreshed by her pure and innocent face, she introduces herself as Officer Tash and handed him a basket full of fruits. “These are the only food we have; we’re prohibited to hunt animals as the Thin Line have branded them as theirs”
“I’m fine with this” he said “By the way where is General Jim?” he asked
“He can’t come” she smiled “I was supposed to accompany Alfred on the other side while you talk to the King, but somehow we always end up in argument so we decided that Jim will go on the other way”
“I guess that will always be the case for a protector and a healer”
“Don’t misinterpret it Ethan, Me and Alfred are good friends, it’s just that needing me in the picture means he failed on his job, ah and well I’ll just wait for you outside, just come out when you’re done” She went on the door and removed the bell. Finishing his breakfast, Ethan went out and found Tash waiting. She rang the bell multiple times until she heard another ring from the inside “Slowly take one step when I ring this bell” she instructed.
“Was that Mr. Alfred?” he asked and Tash confirmed it through a smiley nod. 
“Ready?” Ethan nodded and she rang the bell and accompanied Ethan step by step until they reach the entrance door. “I know you can see Alfred’s dome, just a couple of steps and we’ll be done” they did that until Ethan saw and meet the King who was busy walking back and forth watching the miniature of his palace on the table. After he greeted the King he immediately makes his report. He reported everything but kept Gwyn’s condition because he believed that he can do something about it, that he can solve it and he just want the King to focus on casting out the Tanbrea. When he finished his report the King asked him something “Have you received my gift?”
“Was that about the scroll Your Majesty?” Frank nodded.
“I prohibited this teleporter’s ability to be taught on the Academy because it cuts freedom, but do study it and use only when necessary for I know my daughter will do everything to get away from you.”
“But Your Majesty if I do it?”
“I know she will hate me… she will see it as locking her up but it’s not my intention, all I need is somebody to protect her”
“I will do as you say Your Majesty”
“Good. Now, before we end this meeting can you please permit me to share your visions of my daughters” the King earnestly asked and Ethan first share his vision underwater. He searched the sunken village but she was not around, then searched the cave and there she saw Meera who was seemingly busy in training and preparing troops for techniques and strategies. She’s active and safe protected by Rin and Machi on her side and there’s no trace that Tanbrea would find and capture her. 

Ethan’s next vision was for Gwyn but for a moment he struggles scanning every corner in Belasa Tower. No matter how he tried he can’t find Gwyn around, enough for Frank to suspect where she was but afraid to accept the truth and hesitated.
“Search the street, she might be there wandering around” he instructed.
“Yes Your Majesty” Ethan showed random places in the city where Gwyn might possibly stayed “I’m sorry Your Majesty but I think she’s not in the city right now.”

Frank hit the table in front of him sending the miniatures to be disarranged and immediately suggested “The palace! She must not be there but probability is high, hurry and scan the palace!” he ordered with frustration.
“But Your Majesty I’ve only been in the palace once and the only place I know was the grand hall”
“Then check it!” Ethan showed the palace’s grand hall, there he saw the witch seating in the throne, he can’t hear anything but he knew she’s saying something. 
“Your Majesty Lady Kaleen was not on the hall but that witch might knew something”
“How dare she… step back, Alfred come over” Frank shouted and Ethan stepped back as Tash slowly rang the bell she was holding so that his dome will not mess with Alfred’s
“Show me” Frank instructed. She was found entering the palace through the back garden, unarmed unaccompanied like a lost sheep entering the den of wolves.
“Why Gwyn, why can’t you let me do my promise to Laura, please don’t let your mother’s sacrifice go to waste” Frank murmured to himself. He asked Jim to open the door so that he can see Ethan from outside.
“Ethan, hurry and go to Belasa Tower, gather all men that you can have, tell Gerard that use the palace back door, the entrance is not safe for everyone. Now leave!” Frank shouted as he gives instruction. Ethan bowed for departure and received Frank’s final demands “Whoever was responsible for putting a royal in danger will not be spared from execution” Ethan nodded and leave immediately teleporting to Belasa Tower and run-off to see Chief Gerard who was unaware that losing track of Gwyn will result to a disaster.

***

Gwyn stealthy entered through the hedge and pass through the back garden. The witch noticed her entering the palace but prohibited the Tanbrea in capturing her. “This one interests me, no need to capture her, she will come to me willingly no matter what happen” she snickered. Gwyn was aware that the palace was already dominated by Tanbrea but she felt the responsibility to stop the witch from taking over, Lumnoux might not kill their co-Lumnoux but Tanbrea may. She knew the witch would come for the throne thus she goes directly to the grand hall and there she saw her patiently waiting.
“As expected, we meet again my young princess” the witch welcomed Gwyn.
“You have the nerve to come here you witch!” Gwyn said with rage.
“Oh dear, Viola is my name, have you already come to your senses and decided to serve me?”
“Certainly not! I’m here to defeat you!”
“Such a brave action would be wasted. Haven’t you notice?... the table is now turned” Viola teleported near her enough to caught her neck “All I need to do is to break this neck of yours” she tried to strangle her but then her instinct pulled her to stop “This can’t be…” she was confused. Gwyn pulled her hand escaping from her grasps.
“If I can’t kill you then it may only mean one thing... You are turning to be one of us”
“What? Stop that non-sense.”
“You knew it, don’t you? Or should I explain it further?” She teased as she said right to her ears.

Gwyn attacked her with her energy orbs while Viola uses her sword to counter-attack. They fight as if they were the only person in the grand hall, the Tanbreas were watching and neither of them attempts to interrupt them. “You’re quite strong to fight me without even using your Lyze” Viola complimented.
“You’re no match to me. I will finish you now as a payment for the disturbance you’ve created” Gwyn pointed as they continue to fight.

The return of Ethan caused turmoil to those who are aware of Gwyn’s identity. Gerard with selected students and other royal servants who are present at Belasa were called for Lady Kaleen’s rescue. The student from higher class were aware that they were about to rescue Lady Kaleen but none of them knew her face. The team immediately advanced to the hedge were the secret passageway was located. The chief was immediately surprised by the presence of Sacho waiting clueless on the entrance. At that instant Gerard shackled him and was brought down on his knees. “You dare bring shame to my Academy!” Gerard angrily blame pulling his collar up. Confused, Sacho tried to pull his arm and struggled but Gerard was ready to cut him if he continued to persist.
“Chief we need to look out for Lady Kaleen” Ethan stated trying to defend Sacho from taking all the blame. Gerard and the others remembered their duty and had come for the hedge entrance. Ethan insisted on staying, he informed them that the witch have expanded her dome and if he goes further he would only be trapped before reaching Lady Kaleen.
“We should get going, prepare the healers, we need to make counter measure just in case, I hope nothing will happen to her.” Chief Gerard proceeded.

“I know I am partly to blame and this has become inevitable. Sacho you should have stayed at Belasa like I told you. You should have kept her inside and should have prioritized her safety like I instructed then this shouldn’t have come this far” Ethan revealed the true identity of Gwyn and his appointment as her protector.  He even disclosed the King’s order to execute the person responsible for endangering Lady Kaleen’s life and Sacho in turn had become guilty of his misjudgment and shortcoming.

The team carefully treaded the back garden but even so the Tanbrea were just waiting for them in ambush. Most of them were already engaged on fight and Gerard used that opportunity to sneak to the grand hall. The grand hall was not heavily guarded and it was easy for him to reach the place and there he saw Gwyn and the one she referred as witch, fighting head-on. 
“Viola!” Gerard shouted her name which leads Gwyn to turn to him.
“You knew her?” Gwyn was surprised by Gerard’s actions and he slowly nodded in response.
“She is a descendant of Ower, a royal not by Lumnoux but by Tanbrea” Gerard explained while hauling Gwyn to withdraw. 
“That witch is a royal?” Gwyn exclaimed.
“Why are you here Viola?” Gerard asked.
“The wheel was already stirred and now is our turn to rule this world, you have been keeping us beneath and I will no longer tolerate this discrimination you set upon us” Viola cleared.
“You are the one who broke the boundaries that leave as no choice, come milady we need to go”
“Hey chief of full grown Lumnoux, you already knew what’s happening right? Tell Frank you cannot win and deceive me anymore. I’ll let you go for now to deliver that message.” Viola smiled and returned on the throne.

“What’s going on?” Gwyn asked while she was dragged by Gerard.
“Are you okay milady? Did she hurt you?”
“What was really happening here chief? You need to tell me” Gwyn demanded while they were running their escape.
“She threatens to kill every bit of your lineage” Gerard disclosed.
“Why would she do that?” 
“There was an incident before, I don’t know the exact details but I’m sure the King can explain it to you” they arrive at the hedge and closed the passage.

“Is everybody okay? Anybody whose hurt please let the healers attend you” Ethan instructed the team who had just arrived
“Milady a healer must also need to check if everything is okay.” Gwyn steps toward the healer but withdraw as soon as she noticed something and asked “What does an executioner doing here?”
“I’m sorry milady but as the King instructed I need to this” Ethan approach Gwyn and opened the scroll he acquired from Frank, he touched Gwyn’s shoulder and closed his eyes. The moment Ethan opened his eyes a flash of light appeared in front of them, it was too bright but Gwyn recognized what happened, she saw pass through it, she saw the chains made of light that just flashed then disappeared.
“What have you done!!” it angered Gwyn.
“This is one of the rare abilities of a teleporter, I chained you in my dome as Your Majesty’s orders also I need to carry out the execution of the person responsible in putting your life in danger.”
“Sacho have nothing to do with this!”
“Do it now!” Gerard ordered the executioner. Gwyn tried to help Sacho by running to him but was restrained by Ethan’s compressed dome.
“Stop!” Gwyn shouted but Sacho kneeled down and said “Forgive me milady, my life wouldn’t be enough to compensate for my failure.”
“Stand up Sacho, this is not your fault!” she was constantly trying to throw small orbs of energy on the unseen barrier.
“Milady this is an order from the King” Ethan reiterated.
“I said stop, that’s enough, let me see a vision of Dad Ethan” she demanded.
“That would be too risky milady, I cannot just show where he is right now especially that there were Tanbrea around us waiting to reveal his location.”
“Then see it for yourself, I know he is watching and if he will not lift his order, I will…” she warned.
“What worst can you do? Bear in mind that he is doing this to protect you” Ethan explained.
“Worst?” Gwyn pointed her neck, her point finger was building a small compressed energy. “I told him before that nobody should die under my name, then decide” Gwyn wagered.
“Very well, wagering your life, you should know limits milady” Gerard finally spoke and stopped the execution.
“But chief that’s an order” Ethan insisted.
“Check if the King revokes his order, you should know that the royalties’ lives were precious and must not be wasted to trivial things. And as for you Lady Kaleen you knew beforehand the consequences of your action yet you still continue to act recklessly. I hope you learned your lesson, if you really hated to watch the fruits of your misconduct act like how you should be, a princess of this kingdom.” Gerard lectured and received a nod from Ethan confirming the King’s decision. “We need to get back at the tower. Ethan, you must hurry and return to Belasa with Lady Kaleen, and we’ll just catch up” he instructed.
“Don’t dare think of defying me chief” Gwyn leave with a threatening glare.

Ethan and Gwyn went ahead “Gwyn you should be aware that in any circumstances, Sacho will still be punished”
“You should also be aware that it was not his fault, you in the first hand had also experience it and should know how it feels”
“You’re right Gwyn, that’s why I’m doing all I can to serve you, we are entitle for punishment for our fault, being saved by the royal means we really are indebted to you.”
“What have I done for everybody around me to suffer?” Gwyn covered her face with her hands about to start to cry.
“We should go back, you must be really tired”
“How are they?” she murmured.
“Don’t worry about them, Lady Carrie is safe with Machi, the King is worried but he’s doing fine, and you should also do your part in keeping yourself safe.”
“I’m really are a trouble, am I?” she looked at Ethan.
“From now on I will no longer leave your side, my chain of dome might have confined you but I will not prohibit you from your freedom yet we will still need to pretend until the King say so. Also you will be transferred to my class and don’t worry about Sacho he might just be suspended for a couple of days and be restricted with his certain abilities.” Ethan patted Gwyn’s head and both of them went to the tower like nothing happened.
Chapter 6: Wings of Past

Days have passed but the situations are getting worst, curfew have been set to protect the Lumnoux from the Tanbrea who are loitering around during the night, they haven’t done any attacks except for the fact that Tanbrea were occupying the palace and royals are gone to hiding.  Soldiers and Officials of both Infants and Full-growns are busy during days and nights yet still most of the establishments are on their usual operation as well as even the Academy. 

Gwyn, after starting to attend Ethan’s class still hadn’t figure out how to wake the Lyze inside her and Sacho have been back from his suspension and vowed to protect Gwyn’s identity with prudence and diligence. Gwyn had stayed low profile and was obediently following Chief Gerard’s instruction without any complaints. She had been keeping herself busy on training to distract herself on worrying about her father and sister but instead it is what made her remember something. 

The night was peaceful. Gwyn hesitated for her request but there’s no other way to relieve her from her own agony. “Would you permit me to leave Belasa tonight?” she asked Ethan.
“You already know the answer” he answered without leaving any space for consideration.
“Would you consider this as my only request?” her voice had become steadily gentle and serious but still Ethan was firm on his decision. No words had come out after her request was being denied, she stared blankly on the sky. The moon was starting to appear and Gwyn had become extra-ordinarily silent since the day began which gave Ethan the presumption that that day was different.
“Okay, what is it?” he turned.
“The swamp” she started.
“Ask me for another thing, I certainly wouldn’t allow you to go back.” 
“Just the swamp.  I wouldn’t ask for more than that”
“Why?” he asked but Gwyn didn’t gave him an answer.

Ethan have been troubled by the feeling of heaviness on Gwyn’s heart and decided to grant her this one request. Gwyn was too preoccupied, she continuously walked straight ahead and almost tripped when Ethan didn’t follow her luckily she was caught before falling. “You promised not to go beyond the swamp” Ethan said grabbed her and prevent her from taking another step. 
“I mean it” she pulled her hand and pointed the ancient tree “That was the start of the swamp” and he realized that she had a point.

Gwyn sat down near the ancient tree facing the swamp and Ethan stayed on her side leaning his body on the tree trunk. Both of them enjoying the bright reflection of the moon to the waters, a peaceful view that masked the upcoming war. “The moon have always been beautiful” Gwyn admired as she was staring the moon from above. “Do you know what day today is?” she asked and only then Ethen had realized that it was the day the first lady, the queen, the mother of their kingdom, Laura died. Ethan answered with affirmation. “Yes, today is the anniversary of her death…” she said and a there was a long pause after her statement. She began to reveal the story that the palace has been hiding.

“It was our 5th birthday’s eve when mom woke me up and silently whisper in my ears that she had a surprise for us. I hurriedly followed her forgetting to even change my clothes. I was even wearing my indoor slippers but it doesn’t matter because I was so thrilled and excited. Leaving my room I saw Meera patiently waiting for us at the back door and hugging her favorite stuffed bear. Mom told us to keep it down because she doesn’t want the palace guards to ruin her surprise. We carefully run at the back garden and made a stop on that hedge. Meera asked but then Mom pushed something until I saw the bright sparkling reflection of the moon from this swamp. It was a beautiful surprise, so elegant, so splendid that took us half an hour just to embrace the view. This is the same and exact place where we stayed, Mom humming while Meera sitting on her lap and me playing on the water, splashing and watching the bright sparkles multiplied as I stepped on them. We were going back then when Mom noticed that I left my slippers, she carry me on her arms following Meera. But before she reached the hedge it opened and to our surprise dad came in sight holding a lamp. He smiled and Meera run to him but…” 

Gwyn threw a stone in the swamp while Ethan was interestingly listening. “He ran towards us and threw a large orb of energy, I closed my eyes and when I opened it… I saw Mom in Dad’s arms, embracing her. I felt their tears as they dropped on my face, I look up to them... and Mom… even when she’s dying told Dad that she saw Jad’s light on me.” Gwyn sniffles “I blame Dad for her death…” Ethan bowed to look at her face “look away…” She demanded. “You always see me at my weakest, probably you’re right. I’m just a weakling that has nothing to be proud of.” Ethan looked away went to her back, knelt and said “Milady permit me to do this, just stay still” from her back Ethan embraced her. Gwyn was surprised and did not bother to struggle. It was the comfort she was longing “I lost my Mom that day, I stopped being a daughter and I stop being a sister. I don’t deserve to be a royal” Ethan felt the warmth of her tears flowing from her eyes.
“It’s not your fault” he said only in that moment it came to his mind why Gwyn neglected to receive the Lumnoux serum. 

Lumnoux cannot kill Lumnoux but what she saw when she was still a child was too terrifying that an innocent mind cannot comprehend. The force she saw was directed to man behind her mother but she was too young to open her heart for the truth. It was at age of ten when royals are asked to receive the serum, at that age only then she realized the true murderer of her mother but too late to reconcile the scarred relationship to her Dad. She vowed never to receive any serum, never her bloodline and lineage matters.

Ethan felt Gwyn gaining back her composure as she wiped her tears. He walked passed through her and stand on her front blocking her view of the swamp. “It takes a real courage to reminisce something that pained you the most.” 
Gwyn stared on Ethan’s back curious of what he was trying to pull off. Ethan suddenly spread his large pair of wings, the blackness of his wings were emphasized by his white suit and it was magnificent as the moon. Gwyn stood up “I’m aware that you have an avian Lyze but why haven’t you showed us before?”
“I have a crow Lyze and it is uncommon for Lumnoux to have such, that’s why I never showed it to anybody”
“Can I touch it?” she requested.
“Sure” he answered as he flapped his wings while Gwyn examines his feathers. 
“When we were young Dad used to show us his golden brown wings, he always spread it as wide as he can and invite us to fly with him. We flew around the palace and showed us the best places. We were happy which made us to wish on inheriting his eagle Lyze. That was until mom died, Meera awaken her aqua Lyze before she received her serum and right now I just rely purely on my abilities without any idea when will mine wake up and I might end-up as an infant forever. Jad’s light was never by my side.”
Ethan extended his hand to Gwyn “Care for a lift?” he asked and Gwyn nodded with a smile in response. 
“That’s right, dry your tears. It would be better if you show your smile once in a while” Ethan carried Gwyn while she wrapped her arms on Ethan neck and started his flight slow and steady as he was still adjusting to his concealed Lyze. Their dark reflection from above the swamp was just mere a shadow, the water partly drifted from his strong lift. In another strong swift he accelerated above, the night breeze was brushing through their faces. The fireflies roaming and giving light to the trees creates a majestic view below. Ethan flew higher but considerate enough to hide from the sight of the Tanbrea, Gwyn looked at him and the brilliance of the moon revealed his face “Ethan, your right eye!” she noticed. His iris have become perfectly round and extra-ordinarily black. 
“Don’t worry, that’s a crow’s eye” he glided and flew, both of them enjoyed the night like everything was at peace and unafraid for the threats around them.

It was passed curfew when they returned to the tower, they needed to sneak-in to avoid any punishment. Ethan flew at the balcony of his own room. “Ethan, why here? No matter how I tried that door can’t be open.” Gwyn confusedly asked.
“Just wait and see” he proudly answer as if a mystery has yet to be solved, when they landed he carefully closed his wings and slowly pulled everything back on his body resulting to scattered feathers around them. 
“Your wings, does it hurt?” Gwyn was amazed touching Ethan’s back which was barely covered because of his torn jacket. 
“A little, I don’t fly that much and seems that they became weaker when I keep on hiding them.” He smirked.
Gwyn knocked on the glass window “Hey, how about this one” she pointed. 
Ethan shooed her to move aside and pulled something from the bottom, he held the key and unlock the window. 
Gwyn was about to enter the room but at the strike of twelve Ethan greeted her “Happy Birthday Lady Gwyn Kaleen” he sincerely smiled and bow in her front.
“Thanks for the night Ethan, I really am grateful. I promise to never get in trouble” she answered back tucking her hair been blown by the air. She flashed a smile with a thankful heart and ran on the living room to hide her embarrassment.
“If I knew that you would instantly change with just a flight I should have thrown you to the air before” he laughed and Gwyn throw a pillow at him. Ethan raised his hand to cover his face from being hit. “I’m just kidding!” he continued to laugh, “By the way, how old are you now?”
“I just turned sixteen”
“Sixteen? So the King will soon name the heir” Gwyn nodded and said “I hope we can still be friends even if Dad will decide to throw me out, they said royalties that are not chosen to rule were sent to far places. I am ready for that anyway but I was hoping that my Lyze would wake-up before I have to leave this place. When that time comes I want to search for my real worth, I want to know the real purpose of my existence.”
“You do listened to rumors a lot, it is your family you should know better. They were not chased out but decided it themselves.”
“I don’t care if that was just a rumor, all the royal servants and maids at the palace were talking about it, only Charles have chosen to stay by my side and I’m not even sure if he was just forced to do it, like you said I’m a royal, it’s part of my bloodline but seems that not a single loyalty was spared for me.”
“You are just saying that because you blame yourself” Ethan calmly said.
“Maybe, but admit it neither you nor Sacho had thought that I’m a royal and everybody was saying that I’m the exact opposite of Meera. It’s funny because I’m also starting to doubt myself” she sat at the sofa while complaining and doesn’t care if she feel exhausted.
“But you can’t because you knew somebody sacrificed their life for your sake.”
“You do creep me out when you knew exactly what’s on my mind”
“I’ve been in the same page like you have or maybe worst. My mother blamed me for my father’s death.”
“About your family. I am surprised I never heard anything about them even with the fact you are popular in this Academy.” Gwyn stated and suddenly became curious.
“My father was a friend of Chief Gerard… and only he knows about my past.” Ethan removed his torn white suit and proceeded to change it.
“Hey wait, where are you going? Tell me more of it” Gwyn pleaded, her head lazily rested on the soft sofa.
“Mind if I changed to something, this suit doesn’t make me comfortable.” he raised his suit and showed to Gwyn.
“Sure, I’ll wait you then.” Ethan entered the bathroom while Gwyn waited, when he finished changing he saw Gwyn tired and sound asleep. He carefully carried her to the bedroom and put her under sheet, he touched her hair and caressed her cheeks “I hope you still want me to be your friend even after I tell you my past… sleep for now milady you need to have a good rest for a long night is approaching.”

Chapter 7: Queen

The water in the ocean was blood red, bodies were floating and drifted in the shore. There lies Rin and on his side was Meera on Machi’s arm crying and waking her, his clothes were also covered in blood. Viola’s wicked laugh was heard and there on the ground was the body of Frank, frozen and slowly vanishing as his icy body crumbled. A hand grabbed Gwyn and shook her hard enough to wake her from her nightmare, she was all covered in sweat and breathing heavily. “Are you ok?” Ethan asked and she answered with an exhausted nod. A knock from the outside followed by a voice asking if they will be coming had disturbed Gwyn and caused her to panic.
“The nobles are here? What’s going on?” she asked wiping herself.
“An emergency meeting was arranged, hurry and get dressed we need to be there.”
“Wait!” she demanded “Ethan please show me Dad and Meera”
“Later, their meeting is about to start” and he started to walk pass the door.
“But Ethan, I really need to see them” she cried-out but failed to convince Ethan.
“That’s dangerous, hurry or I’ll drag you out” Ethan didn’t bother to show any sign of concern on Gwyn’s request, he was worried why the nobles had suddenly met at Belasa, calling all the members of the royal committee and having an urgent meeting. Gwyn rushed and ready herself and both of them run on the now busy hallway and arrived in front of the conference room beside Chief Gerard’s office. A lot of the students have gathered around curious what was happening and trying every means to enter just to have a glimpse of the closed-door meeting. The conference was guarded by full-grown soldiers and no students were allowed to enter. There they saw Sacho gathering information from other curious minds. He approached them and share what he got.

“What’s this commotion all about?” Ethan asked.
“Is there any news about the King?” Gwyn butted-in.
Sacho sighed “News was spreading that the King already named his successor”
“I need to get in, I need to know what’s happening” Gwyn said.
“You can’t” Sacho pointed the guard “They are from the Army outside the palace not a royal soldiers, and they won’t allow anybody to enter” he said.
“Move aside” Gwyn insisted impatiently.
“Gwyn, you can’t, don’t make any scene here, there’s a lot of people around” Ethan warned.
“I… don’t care” she said her eyes fixed on the door her fist absorbing energies around her.
“Okay, fine we’ll try to talk to the guards but first put that down” Sacho suggested and Gwyn relaxed her hand and they went to the entrance.

Sacho first talked to the guard. “Sir, can you please let her enter the room?” He calmly pointed Gwyn on her side, one of the guard look at Gwyn and said “students are not allowed inside” he insisted.
“Please, I need to talk to them” Gwyn pleaded.
“Young Miss, many of them have already tried all their means” the guard reiterated.
Ethan pulled out something from his pocket covered it with his hand and showed it to one of the guards “That royal badge is not enough to let you in, the nobles have given their strict instruction” Ethan stepped back and talked to Gwyn “We need to wait, there’s no other way we can talk to them.”
“I can’t” she shouted catching all the attention to her.
“Gwyn you don’t need to do this” Ethan was trying to calm her.
“I saw my father and sister died, do you think I can still sit and wait for those worthless nobles to finish their nonsense talk?”
“Gwyn” both Ethan and Sacho said, shocked.
“Hey there young Miss, you’ve already crossed the boundary” the guard pointed a sphere on Gwyn.
“Hey wait” Sacho already panicked, ran to the thick door and tried to knock as hard as he can shouting “Gwyn is here!” while Ethan was protecting Gwyn from the guard.
“So the three of you really wanted to be punished huh? To whom shall I start?” the guard was laughing trying to point the three.
“Please sir just let her in” Ethan plead but the guard pointed his sphere on Ethan and about to push more when Gwyn missed a shot of her orb of energy directed to the guard that led him to drop his sphere.

***

The conference room was like a regular meeting room with a large table in the center, a chandelier was hanging above with floating yellow lights around it. There was a large mirror on the wall and on the other side was a large glass window. The old dark concrete walls gave the room the chilly feeling even if the sunlight has been filtering inside. The nobles were well dressed like an appointment or declaration has been celebrated, all of them were aligned and gathered on the table, a couple of seats were empty yet a sign of eagerness and tension can be traced in their worried faces. Everybody from the room heard the noises from the outside but didn’t even bother to open the door.
“My students were not used to call the nobles in here, they were just curious of this urgency.” Chief Gerard explained.
“We understand that matter chief, even I have experience messing outside that door just to have a peek” Simon, Amanda’s father muttered.
“Shall we begin?” one of the nobles suggested.
“We need to know, who spread the rumor about the successor, and everybody was worried that King had abdicated and already leave us” the other said.

The continuous knocking on the glass window turned all heads and saw a pigeon trying its might to enter. The pigeon wears an emblem, iron Lyze and royal badge clasps together on her neck and a scroll was closely held on her claws. As soon as the nobles have verified her identity as the royal healer who accompany the King they immediately let her in. They provided her a cloth that could cover her so that she could transform back to humanity. When she get back to her human form she handed them the scroll with the King’s seal on it and written on bold letters: THE PROCLAMATION
“What brings you here Officer Tash?” a noble asked.
“I was about to deliver this to Chief Gerard” she showed the scroll “but I was surprised that everybody was here”
“Was that really urgent?” Chief asked.
“As soon as he finished writing it, King Frank ordered me to immediately bring it to you.”
“So how was he?” another noble asked.
“He’s safe, but there are unusual disturbances since yesterday, he ordered me not to come back because it would be too dangerous.”

The chief opened the scroll and shocked of what was written.
“I the King and ruler of the Lumnoux do hereby proclaim my daughter to be my successor, I will do train her until I fully abdicate the throne to her. Her blood will be used for the serum and rule over the Lumnoux. Her strength would be the nation’s strength and the light of Jad bestowed to her will lit the world, Hail to Gwyn Kaleen the next ruler-in-line.” – signed by King Frank
After the chief read aloud the scroll he ordered one of the guards from the conference to call for Ethan.

***

“If you are that desperate to enter you should have called and ask for my help” Amanda from the back raised her voice from the group of students and approached Gwyn and Ethan who was currently arguing with the guard. Students parted ways as she walked and it adds to her confidence of feeling high and mighty.
“Amanda, we can handle it” Ethan said.
“Do you know me?” she asked the guard but the guard just stared to her. “I’m a daughter of a noble and my father is currently inside. You can ask officer Simon to let us in.”
“Milady” the guard nod “unless you are part of the royal family I cannot let you pass.”
“What?” Amanda reacted foolishly feeling terrible when her status as a noble was disregarded.
“I told you we can handle it.” Ethan reiterated.
Gwyn raised her hand impatiently as she form an orb and about to throw at the door but a familiar voice called.
“Milady” Machi’s weak voice called and all of them turn around to see him. He was on his Lyze, he was wounded, his left hand holding his right shoulder and his torn clothes were all messed-up with dirt and blood. Gwyn lowers her hand and ran to Machi and asked “Why are you here? Where’s Meera?” Gwyn was becoming unstable grabbing Machi with force.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry” Machi repeatedly uttered, his knees bent and crying, in that instant Ethan decided to revisit Meera through his mind.
He saw Rin on the shore where they parted ways lying face down covered in blood together with other aqua Lyze and Tanbrea dressed in combination of black and brown sack-like clothes, their faces were dark like burned and covered in dust. He search for the sunken village but nobody was there, it was abandoned and even other sea creatures like fishes were not present. He checked the cave and many wounded aqua Lyze was laying. When he came back to his senses he saw Gwyn purposely staring at him waiting for his word. His face shows that he saw something terrible, he called Sacho and ask if he has something on his pouch that can put somebody on sleep.
Gwyn grab Ethan’s collar and asked “What did you saw?”
“I” Ethan started but he felt Gwyn’s grip was becoming strong and shaky. Sacho handed him a pin as requested and inform him that it can only last for three minutes.
Ethan faces Gwyn and prick her on her shoulder “I’m sorry Gwyn you might not be able handle everything right now” Gwyn losses her consciousness and was held by Ethan on his arms and carried her. He turned to Machi “Stand-up Machi, I think we need to barged-in.”

The creaking of the opened door resonates to the hallway, it was unexpected yet all attention was suddenly turned to the nobles and officers seated and aligned at the conference table. The nobles and officers’ eyes fixed at a single person beyond that crowd of students. They specifically recognized the girl who was unconsciously carried by Ethan.
“You didn’t informed us that you were hiding the princess in here” one of the noble identified. Students from outside started a confused murmur. Sacho have been troubled and come close to Ethan and whispered “Are they planning to reveal her identity here.”
The chief was also surprised but not because of Gwyn but because of the sudden appearance of Machi who was on their side.
Gerard focused his eyes on Machi, he felt the guilt that pushed him to apologize “Chief, I’m sorry chief” he bowed his head.
“Both of you, come inside” Gerard called, Ethan and Machi entered unaware that Amanda was tailing them but Simon stopped her from entering the conference.
“I’m sorry Amanda but you can’t enter” Simon said and ordered the guards to close the door.
“But how about her father?” she pointed Gwyn being carried by Ethan “Just because she’s unconscious you are letting her in?” she added.
“We’ll talk later” her father ended while she was left on the other side of the door.
“This is the result of hiding the princess in here, you should have brought her to one of us so that she could live comfortably and would not be like how she is right now”
“She’s not hurt” Ethan answered back after he puts Gwyn down on one of the chairs. “Pardon Milords, Officers, and Masters, but I intentionally put her to sleep for a matter you all need to see” he explained.
“Very well, I supposed both of you, heir protectors needs to explain everything to us” chief Gerard demanded. 
“Chief, I think you need to see what happened to the sunken village…” but before he finish his statement he noticed the presence of the head royal healer “Officer Tash?”
“As you have noticed, the situation of the King is our top priority at the moment” Gerard explained.
“I was ordered by his majesty to deliver something but as you can see our high nobles here wants to know something” Tash stated. “Please show us the King” she ordered Ethan.
“But Officer Tash, showing the King at this moment will make his location vulnerable” warned out of concern.
“Show them” Gerard demanded “Officer Tash revealed that disturbances had occurred lately and this is a matter of urgency” he continued.
“Use that mirror” one of the nobles pointed the mirror hanged in the wall beside them” and with no way to complain Ethan nodded in compliance.

The cabin was quite peaceful from the outside, too silent yet too suspicious. He showed them visions that surround the cabin and nothing seems to be unusual. He showed them the living room where he met the King and there their suspicions were answered. 
They saw nobody. 
Few royal uniforms were scattered on the floor, he searched for anybody but found no one. Before he continued his search he suddenly remembered what happened to Charles that leads him to break his vision and came back to his senses. “Where are they?” Tash asked “Something is not right” Ethan admitted. “Yes something is not right” Gwyn said who had just awaken rubbing her temples “The next time you do that I won’t forgive you” she warned “Gwyn” Ethan uttered.
Simon cleared his throat “Have you forgotten your status?”
“Milady” Ethan said “I’m sorry I just thought this is too much for you to handle.” 
“Queen Kaleen” a noble corrected which made all heads turned to him. “Something’s wrong in addressing her?” he continued.
“Queen?” Gwyn curiously asked.
“Yes the late King has already made his proclamation”
“Whatever you saw and have thought, I want to clear out that my father is still alive” she said.
“What do you mean?” Tash asked.
“I know you already saw it through his eyes” she said pointing Ethan.
“I’ve seen uniforms scattered around and suspected that Viola had been there and did something like she did to Charles.”
“Have you felt anything like losing your provider?” Gwyn clarified.
“No milady… Queen Kaleen, as I remembered only five uniform were around” Ethan hesitantly shook his head.
“He’s alive and he’s at the palace right now” she stood clenching her fist “That crazy witch had let someone meddle in my dreams.”
“A dream walker, nobody at this generation have that mind control, they were all executed before the division” a noble stated and emphasized that a dream walker can only show twisted facts on dreams.
“It doesn’t matter, he’s alive and that is what matters. For now I want to verify something” she turned to Machi and held him on his shoulders.
“What really happened to Meera? Even if Viola is a teleporter she can’t be in two different places at the same time.”
Machi stared to Gwyn and spoke “Do you really want to see what happened?”
“I need to, Ethan show me” she kept her actions gentle and sounded calmer than before. Ethan hesitated to follow his mistress’ request but was unable to disobey her. He showed him what she needed, he showed her what he saw the first time he checked it.

“Where is my sister?” Gwyn asked as she gasped for her breath nervously, unable to contain her anxiety of impatiently searching for her sister on numbers of bodies being drifted on the bloodbath shore. Machi asked Ethan to show them what he hide behind a rock few steps from Rin’s wretched body. A torn red and orange dress, blonde hair soak in salty water. Dark bruises and wounds all over her body lying down on her stomach, her face was unidentified but no name was needed to speak her identity. That fragile innocent girl face down seems to have departed the land of the living. 
A sound of desperation and a glint of surprise suddenly broke the mirror from its display and resulted everybody to turn to Gwyn who had just throw her orb of energy. Machi run in front of her and knelt down whining his unending apologies and his mistress last request to serve her sister. 
The conference was in shocked silence. Nobody from them have expected how critical things have been, they momentarily believed that they lost their King and have leave an unripe, infant and a blank spirit heir.  They’ve anticipated the other twin to inherit the throne but she loses her life before she heard the proclamation of the other. Victory became uncertain and tables have really been turned. The meeting was paused to be resumed by the next morning, the nobles leaved with the intention of keeping all discussed hidden until a clear plan was established.

Chapter 8: Broken Chains

Gwyn didn’t shed any tears this time. Ethan had initiated to prohibit anybody from meeting his mistress. He was the appointed protector of Gwyn and he already was accustomed by his royals’ character. He stand on guard while Gwyn insisted on being alone on his room. He never allowed anybody in, even Machi who was closed to Gwyn was not spared despite his unending pleas for Gwyn’s audience. 

Gwyn’s emotional pain had been locked inside her, the burden to lead was bestowed and her anticipated freedom has ended. Furthermore the nobles requested her to receive the Lumnoux serum yet she know that another was already dwelling on her body. She can’t reveal and shatter their hopes especially now that everybody have started to rely on her. She wasn’t prepared for anything, she didn’t dream to rule, all she can do was to save his father and let him continue his own legacy.

The sun rises the next morning, the nobles arrived but the commotion of yesterday had been settled. Truth of Gwyn’s identity had already been circulating and most of the students tried to avoid contact with her, thinking that she might bestow punishment for their gossips and rumors uttered before her enthronement. Nothing much roam in front of the conference room except for a bunch of high rank students waiting to received their call and take part for the upcoming war. Nobles and Officers were inside, waiting for the decision of their young ruler. 

“The Queen has arrived” Gwyn’s arrival on the conference room was announced. Attendees of the meeting had bowed down to pay their respect. Gwyn was different during that morning, more serious than before. Her gestures resembles Meera, she walked proudly and fierce like a fire sparked for destruction. She nod on few nobles who gave their suggestion of attacking the palace and saving the former King but when all have laid their ideas she began to spoke. “Exactly how she wanted” and began to tell her own version of saving her father.
“By this time, Viola would be expecting us to rush in the palace, we might be great in number but not everybody here are familiar with the palace’s foundation, right?” she looked at Ethan who he agreed with her statement. “This time they have the advantage as the palace was made to be a safe haven from outside attackers. Surely trap would be laid and I can help you with that but I think that wouldn’t be enough and I am sure as of the moment Dad would no longer be there.”
“So what do you suggest Queen Kaleen?” Gerard asked.

With a shrewd smile she said “I myself would create a team to explore the Dark dungeon.” Everybody was shocked with her rash suggestion and noise of disagreement filled the room. “We must not fall for her tricks, send a couple of excellent troops to the palace to divert her attention, this would be our only chance to save Dad with the minimum expected loss because for sure the palace would be much guarded but her Dark fortress wouldn’t be expecting a threat.” The murmurs of disagreement have come to discussion of positive possibilities. “Well then, we will consider that Queen” Simon agreed with a smile “I’m sorry everybody but I guess we don’t need time to waste here, I want your approval within this day as I am planning to enter her lair before the sun settles. I myself would come provided that my selected companions would agree” she said sounding firm and reliable that nothing can change her decision. 

A lot of them disagreed saying that they cannot risk the only royal left but Gwyn didn’t gave up on convincing them. “I personally choose my companion at the best of their ability. Please hear me out first before rejecting my proposal.” She stated and showed them the list of names she wanted to bring, the names were divided according to their purpose of entry. “You might suggest higher ranking students for this mission but they were the ones I chose because I knew them personally. Team would work better if we already have been in the same group, we don’t have time to train and get along with others and establish another team. These people are my colleagues here in Belasa. My team would be responsible for rescuing my Dad, Ethan would come with me as my current protector if he senses anything that might put myself in danger, he would immediately teleport me here. I hope that would suffice your worries. Threse and Machi would come on my team as well I need her vigilance, Machi might have failed on his previous designation but I know this time he would be able to help if incase we might encounter an aqua. For the other team they would be needed to spy and observe the current status of the enemy. We greatly need to know their weak points to be able to win. Kevin’s will for espionage would be a great help for this one, Amanda’s invisibility would be of great use as well and to complete the team a healer would be needed and Sacho would fill the spot. Now is there anything you need to clarify?”
“How sure you young students can accomplish your mission Queen Kaleen” a noble asked.
“No assurance, but this is the only thing we can rely on, we cannot just sit and wait for our race to crumble” she answered.
“No assurance? You are telling us to approve your proposal with no assurance”
“Then you might have a better idea if you won’t agree” she demanded.
“I… ah… I guess you don’t need to go on the Dungeon personally, or I guess you might have consider to receive the serum first” he stammered from Gwyn’s firm standing. She stopped for a moment and stared to the noble who gave his disagreement.
“The serum? My current status as a blank might be on my advantage this time. If in case they could track Lumnoux then they couldn’t track me” she said confidently.
“Very well, I guess you deliberately plan this beforehand, I think we don’t have a choice but to agree with you” Gerard nod to Gwyn’s statement and everybody was forced to give their approval.
“Then can I entrust you the team who would try to infiltrate the palace?” the chief answered with confirmation. All was settled and agreed according to Gwyn’s proposal. The officers immediately leave to do their duties. The team Gwyn mentioned were called to the conference and each of them have agreed with the terms of the mission. The chief have also gathered the team entrusted to him and vowed to never fail their race.

Seven student leave Belasa tower at exactly noon. All of them were dressed for battle, they wore black leather coats specifically designed to matched and convenient with their Lyze and abilities. No other people come with them to avoid any unnecessary attraction, using the map and the address given to them they arrived at an abandoned ruins not too far from the neighboring village. The fallen debris were already claimed by the nature, the foliage have already started to cover the entire place. They’ve found the boulder that marked the entrance underground. Ethan and Sacho pushed the boulder and revealed the entrance they were searching for. The sun was still present but the inside was too dark to see what’s beyond. Machi lighted two torches and handed the other one to Kevin. Everybody had gathered in circle for their final instruction “I cannot give an assurance on everybody’s safety. Are you all sure you want to do this?” Gwyn asked for confirmation but everybody have been too focused and serious on their mission that nobody dared to back-out. “We must stick together no matter what happen, their palace would be pretty far from here I supposed this will be a long journey” Ethan said and Threse agreed to him. 
“I believe so, chances are we might lose track with one another. If that happens we must not reveal our own identity to them. We might encounter a lot of Tanbrea and who knows what lies beyond” Threse stated. 
“We cannot let that happen. The Nobles agreed to this mission if both teams are intact. If disturbances appear that might cause us to lose a member we should go back to these exact same place and revalidate a plan. We need to take precautions.” Ethan continued.
“I agree. Coming back here would be our best option.” Sacho agreed.
“Is there any clarification before we enter?” Ethan asked and everybody gave their answer of readiness.

They entered the hole in a single file led by Machi holding a torch in front. Next to him was Threse followed by Sacho, Gwyn, Ethan, Amanda and in their end was Kevin with another torch on his hand. They descended on the hole. The entrance connects them to a narrow path. Machi extended his arm to see farther but in only showed a long straight path that leads to nothing but darkness. 

He carefully draw his torch near the walls that revealed a damped rough cavern. Their location was already below the ground but they can feel cold breeze coming from inside. There was a continued dropping of water that echoed throughout the cave. The ground was moist but not slippery and their footsteps mixed with the sound of the water drop.  Neither of them tried to speak afraid that their voices might be heard from the other side. They continued but not long they reached a forked path. On the wall that divide the passage, a torch holder was placed. 
“I think we are getting near, this only proves that they were using this path before” Amanda quietly spoke pointing the empty torch holder.
“We don’t have enough time to search each path, this would probably mean we already need to separate our ways” Ethan claimed.
“We’d go on left” Sacho suggested.
“Then we’ll go this way” Threse pointed to the right, the teams departed and continued with their exploration.

Both teams continued to proceed on exploring the cave entrance. Reaching a narrower path, Threse decided to use her Lyze to be able to move more conveniently. She tied her hair bow to her neck, her skin grew silky black fur and her eyes glowed like emeralds. Her shape and size changed to a fully grown black feline. Machi handed the torch to Ethan who followed the black feline leading the way. About the time that Threse had sensed that they were approaching a nearby village she halted and took a step backwards. Unable to speak a word she meowed until Ethan understood and called to turn back to call for the others. 

Kevin and his team had reached the end of their path. Amanda went on his side and examined the hard flat wall that blocks their path. The wall was abnormally flat like it was intentionally build to cover what’s beyond. Kevin checks the entire wall bringing his torch on each corner yet the mere light of it was not enough to illuminate everything. Amanda ran her fingers on the wall feeling its rough surface, before she reached the end of the wall she stumbled and fall. Sacho came to help her stand and called Kevin to check what caused her fall. They discover a small round metal connected to a rusted rod placed on the lowest right side of the wall. 

Upon carefully inspecting the item they concluded that it was the steel lever that can open the blocking wall. Desperate to unlock the suspected passage Amanda pulled the steel lever yet after waiting enough time nothing seems to happen. A sudden rumble vibrated and getting nearer it became a clear sound of clashing stones. The ground began to shake but the wall was still. The rumbling sounds and the shaking of the ground never stop and dust smoke had started to cloud their vision. They realized that the wall was not a passage but a trap that activated the moment they pulled the steel lever. The team took their chances to escape and return above the grounds. 

The black feline turned and signaled them to go back, Ethan had come close to Threse when he unintentionally touched the wall and felt its sudden vibrations. He stopped for a second then immediately ordered his team to rush and return when the rocks from above them started to fall. All of them started to panic, the fire on the torch had started to flicker. In an instant the light died, the hazy vision had turned to complete blackness. Ethan called for Gwyn, he can still see Threse’s perturbed eyes directed to him telling him to hurry and save the other two. He search back to sense Gwyn and Machi which their distance started to stretch. He tried to step closer but just as he was approaching he began to smell something familiar. Something that he intend to never encounter, a stench of something forbidden. A blast from above have caused a huge rock from falling and blocking his way. Gwyn and Machi was left on the other side. “Gwyn, are you alright?” Ethan called and heard an affirmative answer from the other side. The stink he smelled grew stronger, he tried to concentrate and focus to defend his wavering ability but in just one blink a flash of light sucked from his chain of dome made it broken like a shattered glass that disperse on the dark passage. He was shocked and tried to shout for the other side but Threse on her human form drag him out. He tried to run back but Threse insisted that Machi would keep her safe. 

Gwyn and Machi have no choice but to continue exploring more paths in order to return. They were getting nearer towards the village. The nearby cries of anger chasing footsteps were already on their side and burning torches and lamps have already come to their sights. Alarmed, Gwyn remembered the grape blob from Sacho. She searched it on her pocket and enclosed it on her palm. Machi unexpectedly grabbed Gwyn to hide but the blob was accidentally popped. She hold Machi’s grip to maintain her balance from his sudden pull. “I will check if it’s safe to come out, stay here ok?” Machi whispered and Gwyn answered with a nod hiding while Machi went on his way. 

Sacho and Kevin were the first to arrive at the entrance. Sacho gasping for his breath while Kevin in his full form Lyze of a raccoon, fluffy fur of brownish-grey covered in dust and vertical black patches on his eyes. They’ve waited and Threse arrived supporting Ethan who feeling light-headed the stink he inhaled from the inside. “Only two of you?” Ethan asked eyeing Sacho who nod and asked the same. “Where’s Gwyn?” Sacho asked.
“She’s safe with Machi” Ethan confidently believed “And Amanda?” he inquired.
“I’m here” a voice from the pit came. Sacho rushed to the opening but didn’t see anybody. 
“I’m here, stupid” Amanda hit Sacho’s arm and revealed herself. Sacho readied his medicinal pouch for them and in a moment he sensed his self-created blob. “They’re here” he excitedly claimed. 
“Thank goodness” Threse sighed with relief. 

Machi came out of the pit gasping for his breath and was alone. 
“Where’s Gwyn” Ethan asked who just recovered.
“I thought she was already here” Machi answered. Sacho was silent and staring at him. 
“What do you mean already here?” Ethan asked.
“We found a space from the blocked way and just after you left she followed you. I thought I was the last one to leave” he explained.
“What? We’re doomed” Amanda exclaimed. All of them have felt their failure. They can’t turn back to the tower and tell them that they lost contact with the newly appointed Queen. Chief Gerard’s plan to attack the palace was already in motion and they can’t just ask for help and abandon the mission neither they need to stay outside because they know in any minute a soldier will be sent to check the entrance’s status. 

All else were block underground and they decided to do an alternative plan. They regrouped and took that opportunity to explore other nearby entrances. Threse and Amanda have decided to go to the next village for another entrance while Kevin and Machi had move back to a nearby entrance. Sacho and Ethan concluded that they would stay in case the Queen had managed to come back. Still if after a week and they haven’t found anything they need to come back to Belasa to assess anything that they could gather.

“Hey Sacho, why did you anticipated that Gwyn was arriving?” Ethan asked him when the others have already departed. 
“Remember the time I was almost executed?” Ethan nodded. 
“I gave Gwyn one of my poison slowing potion, have sensed it before that boy arrived.”
“Why didn’t you ask him about it?” Ethan asked.
“I was going to, but the traces of gas was strongly attached to his arm, he denied the fact that they were together claiming that she immediately chased you afterwards. I was certain it was popped while they were together otherwise you also must have the same substance but both of you and Threse have none.”
“That boy…” Ethan began.
“Suspicious” Sacho ended.
“Indeed” Ethan replied.
“I want to confront him about his lies but felt that there’s something deeper behind this incident. Of course I’m worried and curious of what happened. But more importantly what happened to your chain of dome?”
“Clearly this is suspicious. About that, can you make a quick scan of poison on me” Ethan requested.
Sacho followed and gazed Ethan for a brief moment “Another poison gas in your system, weak but...”
“Does it have something from Eura Seeds?” Sacho nodded. “So that was intentional, my chains were suddenly broken. I can’t get hold of Gwyn because the fallen rocks were blocking my way.” Events become more suspicious. They wanted to go back to the tower to report and ask for reinforcement but who can they trust. 

***

Gwyn was left alone hiding in a stacked wooden barrels, she was just a few steps from the last house of the village and only a low iron fence was preventing the villagers to enter the cave. She can clearly see that a riot was currently in motion, a group of bandit-looking males running and chasing someone. Torch on their hands and shouting like a valuable thing was missing. 

Someone jump over the fence and came running towards her that caused her to stand and step back. It was dark but his decent look was shown, black messy hair wearing dark breeches and dark vest. His skin was clean and fair unlike the pale scarred bandits. His young face was hidden in a flimsy scarf tied up from his nose down to his chin. He was also surprised of the unknown presence and jolted to his attack using his sharp dagger. Gwyn raised her arm to shield herself from his attack but was caught by sharp blade. He withdrew his dagger when he felt that his opponent was also a Tanbrea and exclaimed “A noble! How come?” the voices and footsteps of the bandits returned. He pulled Gwyn to hide covering her mouth to silence her. When the bandits had passed through and leaved he removed his grip from Gwyn’s arm and pulled his scarf to his neck. A black single feather pinned on his earlobe came dangling. He help her stand, apologized and introduced himself “I’m Yuri, you’re not from here aren’t you?” Gwyn nodded unable to hide the truth “A noble, perhaps one of the few sheltered and locked-up daughters?” Gwyn has no choice but to agree on everything on the stranger’s statement.
“How did you know?” she stammered and asked.
“You’re one of the Tanbrea. The serums were too expensive and only nobles can afford to buy it without a knot, except those soldiers who sell their life and soul.”
“Sell?”
“Ah, as expected a locked-up princess like you would knew nothing” he didn’t suspected her identity, it was fascinating that he has this arrogance same as Ethan yet more rational and courteous. “So your name?” he asked.
“I… I was always alone and never heard anybody called for my name…” hoping that her alibi would make sense. He smiled with concern and removed his scarf and tied it to her bleeding arm.
“Princess, I’ll call you by that until we found which family you belong. Come on, I’ll treat you before you faint out of pain” she actually didn’t felt any pain even if Yuri explained that his dagger was dipped on lethal poison. Gwyn didn’t even realized that the slow effect of poison was due to Sacho’s grape blob potion.

Yuri brought her to his secret hut by the pond. It wasn’t pitch black as Gwyn had expected because of the colored floating fires scattered mixed with the few flying fireflies, enough to illuminate the grounds. He was walking beside her when Gwyn suddenly felt the throbbing pain of crushing her heart that brought her to trip. Yuri caught her by hand, she tried to hit her chest to relieve herself from pain but she became too weak to even lift her arm. Yuri swiftly carried her “Don’t sleep” he demanded rushing her to the hut. “No matter what happen don’t ever sleep until I tell you. If you lose your consciousness you might not be able to wake up again.” Gwyn unable to answer and suppressed the pain tighten her grip on Yuri. He hurriedly brought her inside and lay her on the wooden bed. He prepared his antidote extracted from his point finger and treated her wound. He injected the antidote and feed her with a couple of medicinal herbs. Her eyes were tired when Yuri permitted her to rest. “Princess, it’s all right. You can now rest” before he even finished his sentence Gwyn was already in deep sleep.

Gwyn woke up and the pain can no longer be traced. She carefully peeled the bandage on her arm and amazed how effective his treatment was because even the scars was gone. She saw Yuri leaning on a chair beside her, eyes closed and hands crossed, sleeping she guessed. The dungeon was supposed to be pitch-black but somehow it was just like the morning sun was entering the windowless hut, it was simple as it is. She stared to the sleeping face in front of her, he wasn’t like from that underground place. Another noble perhaps she concluded basing from his previous statement about receiving the Tanbrea serum that was too expensive to be just given around. His face was fair and smooth, his short hair was a mix of black and brown, his charcoal-feather earring was a high class ornament. He wasn’t the person she was expecting to meet living under, she tried to look closer but a smirk from his face showed and startled her. “Haven’t you seen another person up-close before?” he spoke without bothering to open his eyes. She hide her embarrassed face as she stood and tried to leave. “Good thing that you’d been up”
“How long?” she asked.
“A day” he answered “there are clothes in the table, you can wash up from the pond outside” he suggested.
Gwyn turned to see him and asked “Don’t you have a bathroom?” it doesn’t matter where she wash-up, she was still the street wanderer from above but she needed to maintain her act as a sheltered princess. “My hut has none Princess. The pond was safe and nobody comes here except me, you can go and take your time. I will just take a nap before I prepare for our meal.”

Gwyn opened the door and was surprised by the sparkling pond beside the hut, the sun from a gorge above gleam on the pond. She learned that tales of the Tanbrea unable to stand sunlight was false. She was also well taken care of by a Tanbrea which means not all of them were savage and merciless. Not all the things they taught her was the truth, she was right about her disagreement with the division that existed. The pond was clear and the surroundings were silent, the place was really a hidden shelter where no other creatures roam. 

Yuri, who was he in this place? He was chased by bandits and had been living in a secluded hut, an argument to trust Yuri on her mind started and concluded that she has no other choice. When she finished washing herself she noticed that the black veins in her other forearm started to fade. She was glad but still her anxiety never leave her, what if she really was becoming one of them. She wear the dress provided for her, a dark blue knee-length dress with peacock markings on edges. On waist was a thick cloth ribbon to her back, another thinner ribbon embellished on neck which she pulled and used to tack her hair. The sleeves were lighter and softer with silver spiral design up her elbow revealing the dark veins on her forearm. She was hesitant at first but she thought that she needed to blend in and covered her bright colored dress with her black leather coat. 

The smell of cooked meal pulled her to return to the hut where she found Yuri waiting on the other side of the table. He complimented her with her looks and invited her to eat. “How come you have these kind of clothes?” she asked.
“While you were asleep, I bought clothes on the nearby market and that was the most decent one that I saw.” He answered watching Gwyn slowly eating her meal. He leaned forward and asked “Would you be going back to your cage now?” he asked and she shook her head for answer. “Have you been in the palace?” she dared to asked.
“The palace?” he repeated and she nodded “Why, you ask?” her heart was beating fast out of nervousness what if he will discover that she’s not from there.
“I heard from the voices outside my room that…” she was thinking of something that can lead her to her father. “That a lot of interesting things were hidden there.” She prayed that she sounds curious enough “I would like to explore and discover interesting things before they will caught me and take me back.”
“So the princess wants to enter the palace” he returned to his original posture. “It is prohibited to enter the palace without certain purpose” he said. Gwyn bowed her head dismayed of the answered she received. “But in the contrary this man in your front has a business to do with a friend inside the palace” he claimed. Gwyn smiled cheerfully as she was invited by Yuri to accompany her in the palace “Thank you so much Yuri, I don’t know how I can repay your kindness” she expressed her gratitude with a satisfied expression. 
“Consider it as my act of retribution for my mistake” he smiled as she joyfully finished her meal. 

Chapter 9:  Dungeon Quest

The next day was set for Gwyn and Yuri to start their journey towards the Dark fortress. Gwyn was forced to change her ragged leather coat by Yuri’ continuous nagging. Her dark marks had become obvious and had caught Yuri’ attention “What happened to that?” he was curious. 
“A birth mark, I guess or perhaps something else, it comes and goes” she answered carelessly. 
“You’re not sure of that?” he was unsatisfied with her answer. 
“Maybe a side effect of the serum” she stammered and said. 
“Rare” he finally concluded. He helped her and arranged the soft fur of the hood he gave “Cover your face” he ordered. He pulled one of the dark flimsy scarf hanged beside his door and tied it to his face leaving only his eyes uncovered. 
“What for?” she asked. 
“Such a beauty” he whispered and answered Gwyn “It is uncommon for a lady to travel on the depths of this Dark fortress” 
“That’s unnecessary, wouldn’t they stay away if we appear to be nobles?” her stubbornness was beginning to drag her. 

He shook his head in disagreement “They would swarm and leech us out and robbed everything we have, they fear nobody except the Queen.”
“Come to think of it, was that the reason why you were chased when we first met?”
Yuri’ grey eyes gleam with such caution but his hesitation had vanished in just a second and answered “No, I just stole something.”
“You, what?” she was shocked of his answer.
“Don’t worry, I just retrieve something. They don’t own it anyway. And lucky for you that you have met me to accompany you to the palace.” Gwyn just nodded in agreement and didn’t bother to dig deeper on his purpose of stealing.

They arrived at the first village where Yuri had bought Gwyn’s cloth. It was just like the market from above but instead of wide sky they were covered with floating colored fires, mesmerizing and attractive. Their lights were brighter than what they owned at Belasa tower. The market were not that crowded but half of them are on their Lyze form. Yuri had explained earlier that common folks tend to roam in their Lyze to show authority and dominance. Most of them abuse their power and torment the weak.  Her eyes wanders but keep her pace on Yuri who was walking too fast. Gwyn was too distracted by their appearances, their animal features had entangled their humanity in a dreadful manner. It was like their Lyze had been exhausted and was forced to surface.  Gwyn bumped to Yuri not realizing that he have been watching her ever since they arrived at the village. He draw closer to her and whispers “Don’t stare too much. You will look suspicious if you were caught by their eyes, just pretend that you are looking at their trades” she nodded and remind herself to be careful. 

Yuri visited a food stall and bought a bag full of fruits. He explained that in the next day they would be traveling through the deep forest to avoid any delay on the succeeding villages. She then realized that the Dark fortress was indeed a very dangerous place. There was also no assurance that the man she was following will not deceive her and will take advantage of her situation.

The long journey has ended the moment they saw the torches on the walls and floating fire that marked the entrance to their territory. They really did developed the underground dungeon into something terrifying. They expanded their territory, excavated deeper and build a palace that was directly connected above on the Lumnoux’s palace. Their serum also work at their fullest extent. The walls were covered with sharp spikes, bones and skeletons of unidentified creatures were hanging and trapped in between. There were multiple tall gates with stationed full-armored guards. The busiest was the front where people as well as mechanical carriages are inspected for their entry. 

In another gate were a group of common folks dressed in ragged clothes queued and patiently waiting for a chance to enter. Part of their pale skin were burned, they’re skinny as beggars, and they were lined in a column heads bowed down like slave being sold to a master. Only then she learned the meaning of selling their life and soul to work for their Queen. Yuri snapped his fingers enough to catch her attention who was clearly curious and interested of everything she saw like a freed caged bird as he had described her who was certainly enjoying her ignorance. He called her to another entrance which was also heavily guarded “I don’t have the badge they were showing to the guards” she said in a low voice to Yuri. 
“Relax. I told you I will help you, didn’t I?” he answered. 

She followed him as he crossed to the guards standing by the uncrowded gate. She was pulling her hood tightly to cover her face and watched Yuri as he removed his scarf that revealed his feather ornament. The guards nodded to him without even saying a word and took their glances on Gwyn. Yuri partly turned his head to her and nodded, he didn’t gave his explanation and pulled Gwyn on his side. The guards bowed to them when they passed through. She became even more curious, was he from a high class family or something important for others to pay such respect in his presence? She thought. The palace was not that large. Upon setting foot inside she eventually heard a scream from a nearby room that led her to gasp for her breath and step back. “Don’t worry we are getting near the prison cells that was just the cries of the punished” she was frightened by the fact that tormenting their people had become their norms. She was afraid that it wasn’t just their people but one might belong to his father. 

Walking past to an empty alley, a man in Tanbrea army uniform approach and greeted Yuri with a bow and whispered to him. Gwyn was curious but she hide shyly on his back afraid that her presence will be a bother. “She’s waiting inside” the man said and directed them to go inside. They entered a back door, as soon as Yuri opened the door a sharp object came flying directed to him which he dodge effortlessly. Inside seated in couch was a lady in silver armor, her long red hair freely flowing like blood on her shoulder. Her right hand raised with a knife and the other holding four more laid on her lap. 
“Officer Flei” Yuri spoke and instructed his companion to enter as well. 
“You’re late my irresponsible student” her voice was intimidating, she stood dropping the other knives on the floor. On a flash she trapped Gwyn with her knife, the sharp edge directed to her neck. Her face was still hidden with the fluffy hood Yuri gave. 
“Bringing home another trash? Aren’t you tired of collecting their bones every time the Queen ended their lives?” Flei said in a spiteful manner. Aghast, Gwyn’s eyes were widely opened, her heartbeat started to rise even if she knew their Queen can’t kill her. She was indeed the wicked witch and the queen of darkness. Yuri instructed the man beside Gwyn to accompany her in his guest room. Flei withdraw her blade against Gwyn. 
“Well then” Flei dropped her knife and demanded Yuri to come to the throne room. “Change your rubbish outfit and please be presentable in her presence” she gave her instruction before she left and went to the throne room herself. 

Gwyn was brought to the guest room at Yuri’s request. She planned to sneak before he arrive so that she can roam and search for her father but something was pulling her to stay. She hadn’t remove her hood ever since she arrived and she was complacent that she wouldn’t be discovered unless she reveal herself.

***

The queen was indeed waiting seated on her throne. Her eyes were closed and she was deeply thinking of something while rubbing her temples. Yuri’s presence was declared and the queen’s sudden glare had gave him chills “My task was too simple Yuri” Yuri bowed to apologize but instead was scolded for being careless leaving the palace which was put under his care.
“Mother. I just went to the outer village to retrieve something.”
“Don’t make any excuses! I’ve been handling the attacks of the Lumnoux from above and this is what keeping you busy?”
His head bowed “I… I just went and retrieve father’s pocket watch which was stolen.”
“Still not valid” she spat her hands on the armchair “Your father was dead a long time ago” she ended.

“Don’t worry my queen, I think the prince had brought home a gift for you to vent” Flei blurted out, Yuri frowned but he can no longer take back what was said. 
“Oh?” she stood “So thoughtful that you even brought home a bunny for the hunt”
“She’s not for you to play” he clenched his fist staring Flei.
“Enough, I sure want to visit my prey” Yuri tried to stop her but the queen didn’t even flinch and proceeded to the guest room. 
“You can’t kill her” Yuri said irritated while following her mother.
“I can if I want my dear son” she continued while pulling a sword from an armored statue.
“She’s a noble” he revealed that made the queen bothered and paused.

“I knew almost every noble, they hid their treasured princesses to be offered as your wife. And so far I haven’t heard any of them gone missing.” she explained to his son calmly “Unless one of them haven’t figured it out or this is just somebody who was trying to seduce you.”
“You can’t touch her” Yuri started to plead.
“Too soon to fall for her? I might not kill your precious princess but I will be the only one to decide if she will be welcomed as part of the royal family.” 

They arrived at the front door of the guest room. Viola opened it and entered but Yuri was still persistent and rushed trying to block her. A girl in hood standing beside the window, while her face was still hidden turned to them. “Leave” the queen demanded. Her attendants as well as Flei immediately followed except for Yuri who insisted to stay. “You sure you want to watch?” she asked and turned to the guest “From what family are you?” she started to ask but Gwyn didn’t respond. Viola raised the long sharp sword she’d been dragging. Yuri prevented several attack from her Viola but her mother didn’t even bother on his injuries. 
“Stop!” Gwyn shouted. 

The air in the room had suddenly become frigid, tension had been building and Yuri was set aside by their strong presence. Two person standing apart from each other, one in cape and the other in hood. Both of their wardrobe drifted as the sudden strong wind from the window entered. Viola pulled a knife from her behind and throw it to Gwyn yet she hadn’t expected what happened next. Gwyn raised her hand and created a force field to protect herself, her marks were revealed. 

Viola momentarily stared but when she come to her senses she mockingly bowed and said “Milady” the moment she stood she threw her sword above. Gwyn looked up, distracted and tried to control it, but unanticipated Viola again threw something unseen from her hand. It came to sight when it was inch near Gwyn. It was a black smoke that suddenly pulled her hood and revealed her face. “My son. You just brought home a real princess… Oh no, my mistake, a young queen perhaps?”

Gwyn’s arrival was unexpected. Viola ordered Flei who was just waiting outside the door to get Yuri out of the room and to be locked on his own quarters and never be allowed to leave unless told to do so. He struggled but his mother’s attendants have help Flei to drag him. Silence had come after they leave the room. It was disturbing that Gwyn’s identity was revealed, moreover the person who brought her to the Dark fortress was the son and the prince of that place. 

She can’t deny the fact that she was still too weak to defeat their queen and the only chance of her survival was the serum dwelling inside her. “You pesky little brat had already bewitched my son!” Viola had become agitated. It wasn’t Gwyn’s intention to meet the prince, she prepared her strength to be able to form an orb enough to distract Viola. Before Gwyn could even finish concentrating her energy, an unexpected flash of light had covered everything and in a moment they were no longer on the guest room. 

Dimming her vision from the blinding flash revealed the dark hallway that they were both in. “Move!” Viola demanded who pulled a steel stick from the pile of junks on her side and pointed to Gwyn. She turned to see the narrow hallway that was only illuminated by the burning torches hanged on the walls. Gwyn started to slowly move forward trying to concentrate to form another force on her hand but as the she made few steps forward no matter how she tried she can’t produce anything. She failed multiple times and decided to just do some alternative. 

Her eyes started to wander and search anything that can be useful, only then she realized that the spaces between the torches and lamps were not walls. It was prison cells, thick bars had come to her sight. It wasn’t just made of iron but of something that’s like fragile black glass. 

The bars were locked but never guarded, the light coming from the fire had confused her sight yet she still tried to pry of what’s inside. It was a relief that the cells were empty. The next one frightened her to stop. It wasn’t a monster that she saw but a young boy laid unconscious on the floor. Gwyn wasn’t sure if the boy was still alive but she was well aware that he is one of the Lumnoux, not an officer but still a student. His white tattered academy’s jacket was almost unrecognizable with old blood stains over, his face was all swollen and bruised. Gwyn tried to reach him but Viola hit her with the stick she was holding. “Continue, we’re almost there” she sneered. The next few prison cells were no longer vacant, all of them had at least one captive in more terrifying state. She remembered she still hadn’t seen her father and they were closing in to the last pair of prison cells. Her mind had started to imagine how horrible her father’s condition was. 

The fire flickered as they arrived at the last cell. “Gwyn?” a familiar voice of a man from inside called. He was seated on a stool, his hair was disheveled and his clothes was pretty messed up. She was surprised and relieved that her father was unscathed, he stood tried to reach her. 
“You won’t thank me that I didn’t do anything to your father?” Viola asked and again tried to hit her hands with the stick. She grabbed her by her arms and pushed her to the prison cell paralleled on her father’s cell. 
“I can’t torture your father the way I did to others. He must look good when he announces that I will take over his throne” Viola started to brag. 
“Let go of her!” Frank demanded trying to reach them before they could enter the other cell. “He would never renounce his throne to you.” Gwyn tried to throw a force to Viola but nothing came out. 

“Thanks to our ancestors this dungeon was covered with black Kisk enough to suppress any Lyze and ability” Viola had explained to Gwyn how the black Kisk absorbs energy from using Lyze or abilities that was created by the generation who studied the evolution of Lyze. It was the reason why anybody who was imprisoned in that dungeon could not be able to escape. There was a part of that dungeon that was heavily damaged during the early war that gave the Tanbrea the opportunity to be freed from their confinement. 

Frank had been pleading for his daughter’s release but Viola didn’t bother to listen. She hadn’t spoke of anything when she started to hit Gwyn. She tore the cloak and hit her harder until multiple streaks of blood had started to surfaced. Gwyn knew she was in trouble but she didn’t give in and hold on to her pain showing the assurance to her father that she can handle it. She have been struggling to stand straight while her hair was tightly pulled, her eyes fixed on her father’s eyes who was trying to reach them from the other side. “Just state to your subjects that you abdicate the throne to me, simple as it is” Viola spoke still hitting Gwyn harder until she fell on her knees. 
“Stop!” Frank shouted “I… will you stop if I will…?” her daughter shook her head but as a father, he can no longer endure to see her beloved daughter in pain. Her daughter’s eyes were pleading not to, she was trying to stay strong just to keep her father from making the mistake of choosing her. 
“Please dad, don’t” she pleaded softly. “Gwyn, my beloved child. Please stay alive for your mom’s sake” he raised his head and look at Viola “I will do everything you want just don’t hurt Gwyn.” 
“Dad, you don’t have to worry about me” her tears had started to fall.
“I would do everything to keep you and Meera safe, even to give up…”

Gwyn slowly stood bearing the pain and wiped her tears “Don’t do that Dad, from now on please stop thinking about me. Revoke your appointment to me and return to the palace.”
“I won’t let her take your life”
“Don’t worry she can’t do that”
Frank was curious of her daughter’s statement but before he could ask further Viola slapped her face and continued on hitting her as if she intended kill her. When she got tired from venting up she leave her lying on the cold floor and locked the bars. “You think having my serum on yours would give you advantage? You insolent child!” she finished and exits the dungeon. 

Frank had been lost of what happened, he felt the torture of watching his precious daughter suffer like that “Gwyn” he called.
“Dad. I’m sorry, please forget everything about me. I no longer want to be a burden to you. So please.” she said slowly. 
“You know I can’t do that, I would never do that…”
“You will and you must, she already gave me a shot of their serum… I should have died that day. I should have vanished but I hated that my body had accepted it.” her words are painful as it has been physically. He spoke her name “Gwyn, you should return with me, we would figure it out. Meera would help you out and we will never abandon you.”
More tears flow from her eyes mixing blood from her wounded face, she sniffles and said “Meera --- was gone.”

Chapter 10: Sunset

The group who were tasked to attack and distract Viola in the palace have already withdrew. No casualties were reported as they were careful on traps set by the Tanbrea. The plan had been laid and was going fine. Gwyn’s instructions were faithfully followed. The soldiers retreated to Belasa tower after a week. 

Everybody was waiting at the conference room for news of the team who made quest at the dungeon. It was the same time that Amanda and Threse arrived. They never mention about their failure to protect Gwyn instead they relay the information they have gathered during their quest. The entrance they’ve searched happened to house the training ground for the Tanbrea’s hidden army. It was little bit far from the palace but if they wanted to corner the Lumnoux royal it would be the perfect place to start. It was horrible as Amanda have described, human cages were lined having at least dozens or more crumpled inside. 
“At first we didn’t suspect that it was their training ground” Amanda started to tell them, while Threse has requested for a pen and a paper for her to draw a simple map she have scouted. 
“We thought they were just ordinary prisoners but we stayed long enough to see what that was all about. There was a limited supply of floating white fires which lit the prisoners’ dark bodies. They were greatly muscled, but not all of them, there are some weak ones laid on the floor being kicked and thrown. Their faces were fierce and eyes were hideous along with their deafening blood-thirsty cries. It was terrifyingly more of a torture chamber than training ground. There was somewhat like arena in their center with thicker surrounding steel bars. The arena was there to test their strength with their one-on-one combat. We haven’t reached the end of the cages but we suspect that it stretched to the palace. Their defenses are weak but seeing them trained without even transforming to their Lyze means that they were far better than us. I guess we would be needing the other kingdom’s help if we needed to succeed.” She ended her statement with her suggestion. The nobles wanted to inquire more about Gwyn but both of them managed to divert the discussion to their findings. 

A moment later they were distracted by the news that the others have arrived and one of them was wounded. Machi opened the door, Ethan and Sacho was on Kevin’s side providing him assistance. Their situation didn’t matter, the nobles rushed to check where the young Queen was but they didn’t see even her shadow. Ethan explained what really happened, that his chain of dome was mysteriously broken while they were underground which resulted to his failure to protect Gwyn. As the team leader, he ordered his colleagues to split and continue their mission but only led to additional disaster. While he and Sacho was waiting for Gwyn to find her way out, Machi from a nearby entrance rushed and asked for their help as they were both attacked by Tanbrea. Ethan and Sacho assisted them and managed to escape from the Tanbrea. They decide to go back to Belasa to ask for reinforcement. Although they failed in their mission, he gave assurance that Gwyn is still alive. Everybody from the conference room were furious and started to feel the anxiety as the royals were in peril from the Tanbrea’s territory. Gwyn was indeed too young to handle the situation and to rule.

War has never been considered for generations. The best from the royal army was gathered but they can’t deny the fact that their preparations would not be enough to win against the Tanbrea. Threse have provided them the map of the Dark fortress but neither that can make a difference to defeat the strength of Tanbrea. The officers wanted to consider Amanda’s suggestion of asking for other kingdom’s help but their position as the forgotten kingdom doesn’t make any difference. Further, not much have the idea what lies beyond their kingdom. 

The team who just arrived wanted to participate on retrieving the royals but the officers never intended to allow any students to take part. The team were specifically put in one room for confinement and were guarded by the royal army. They only rely on news from the outside by the healer who takes charge on Kevin but aside from that they knew nothing on the nobles plan. They have heard that Special Forces established by King Frank have recently arrived and camped outside Belasa tower. Classes were suspended and most students were sent home. Their former rooms were turned into training chambers. They were not allowed to leave the tower for protection and for assurance that they wouldn’t mess up with their plans. In just a few days these armies declared that they were already prepared for their mission. 

Dawn came and before the scheduled afternoon attack will commence a commotion had disturbed the whole tower. People were running towards the Academy’s gate. Noises of footsteps were heard, the clanking metal swords from the other side had also stop which gave the team confined in the room the urge to know the current situation. Amanda tried to use her status to demand for their release but failed. She tried to peek outside the door but all she saw was busy soldiers rushing outside. None of them were bringing any armor, the guard saw her and shut the door. Ethan was anxious that something was about to begin, he tried to use his vision outside but seems the front yard have become unknown to him. Tents were built surrounding the tower; thin smoke from camp fire has been lingering; he search for anybody but saw no one from these tents. Rusty armors, unpaired boots, broken bows had been scattered, it was recently emptied.  “Odd” he said and shared his vision to them. Machi gasped and had thought that they were under attack but left a sigh of relief when he realized they weren’t. “The Tanbrea still hadn’t made their move” Threse stated and everybody nodded with agreement. The outside was quite messy but no proof of the enemy’s encounter. Sacho moved beside the window and peek outside. There few blocks from them, soldiers were lined up encircling the tower on their center as if protecting their core “That explains where they went” he said. Ethan continued his search and reach the tower entrance. He found few nobles covering someone with piece of cloth and he was certain that it was the cause of the sudden disturbance. They patiently wait at their seats as they couldn’t figure out who that was but part of them wished that it was a royal released from the Dark fortress.

The door unexpectedly opened. “Where is he?” a young female voice shouted and rushed towards them. She was perfectly fine and still composed. No mark of scratches and bruises but her eyes that were once angelic has now showing a sign of fear and frustration. Four nobles were following her including Gerard who was holding the cloth that once wrapped her, each one seems surprised as everybody else. They immediately bowed to pay their respect on the royal that had returned and they never lifted their faces afraid for any punishment. They knew she was the other half not because they already met her but she resembles more of her father. The one that never listens to excuses, the one that were bound to the rules, the one they favored as the rightful heir. Meera, whom they thought had lost her life have come back. 

She rushed to grab Ethan’s collar pulling him to stand. She slapped him hard enough and pushed him to fall on his knees. He didn’t fight back and remained calm still bowing his head before her. He already knew his fault at that moment that he had failed his vow to protect her own mistress and she was ready to put him under execution. Meera despised each one present in that room even Machi her own appointed protector. Each one of them took part and become negligent in preserving her sister’s life. She wanted to punished everyone who agreed to her foolish sister’s plan but if she do that no one would be left to give their service to her. 

Meera didn’t explain her survival into details, she can’t even if she wanted to. She didn’t know who helped her but she was well aware that they were just common folks who pulled her washed-out body ashore, denied with Lyze and unaware of the existence of serums. They live from a village not far but their place was isolated enough to limit their knowledge of beyond. Her anger subsided and her mind has already calmed down when other representatives of nobles arrived and reached the room. Yet she was still worried and confused of what she had observed during her travel to Belasa tower. After the incident, she do all means to regain her strength and rushed immediately towards the tower expecting that everything was under control. At first she thought it was normal but the closer she get to the palace the more glass mirror she saw. It wasn’t noticeable but for her it was alarming. Everyone from the tower were busy preparing for their attack and those mirror didn’t post any threat and so overlooked. They didn’t even notice that a large glass mirror were installed at the front part of the palace.

Everything have gone back to their normal operations and common folks were starting to return to their home to avoid the lingering Tanbrea at night. But just before the sun settles multiple bells from nearby bell towers chimed, the wind blew arrogantly like a warning for a coming disaster. The people and curious folks come out to check what’s happening. The mirrors started to flicker. At first, it just reflected the red-orange sky but the flickering became rapid, it gleamed and slowly turn into blurry vision. Meera was watching from the conference window as well as the nobles and the remaining students. The vision was blurred but Ethan had already grasped who and what that vision was all about.

The vision have somehow became clearer. It was in a room, a decent one, bookshelves on the side, steady floating white fires above, in the bed a girl lying covered in soft thick blanket, her eyes closed resting in peace. “It’s her” Meera spoke pointing the girl in the mirror, everybody was shocked and agreed. The vision continued, a boy in his dark clothes approached her. He feed her with something from the vial he brought and when the girl slowly opened her eyes he helped her rise but she was too weak even to raise her body. The vision suddenly focused on the girls forearm. Dark veins climbing on her shoulder and the boy carefully covered her and patted her head, he embraced her and the vision ended. 

Everybody was in turmoil. Tanbrea army had been deployed to spread the news and the meaning of the vision. News have spread that the boy and the girl in the vision was the heirs for both throne. That they were already engaged and that the Lumnoux heir have already accepted their serum proven by her dark veins on her forearm. Everybody was confused and everything was put on hold even the rescue operations. The burning doubt had started to consume their trust. Lumnoux were against the union and they couldn’t believe that the young heir had already accepted their serum. 

Meera was worried rather than confused, she wanted to save both of her sister and father. Her logical instinct tells her that if the rumors continued, her sister would be dethroned, and the royal family’s name would be endangered. If she will go against the nobles even her status would be questioned. In that instance she decided to pretend not to care, she pretended confused and she pretended betrayed. 
Meera’s priority is the safety of her family and she will do all means to save both of them. With the nobles’ favor and they agreed for her temporary appointment as the new heir to the throne and was given the full authority as a Queen. She can’t help but to agree that Gwyn should be branded as traitor and never to be treated as a royal. Machi, her young protector was reinstated and the confinement for the team was lifted with each given the chance to take part for the upcoming battle to annihilate all of the Tanbrea remnants.

Chapter 11: The Flight

It was a torture for Frank to watch her daughter laying on the cold hard floor. He can’t avert his eyes from her swollen face. He can’t cover his ears from her painful moans. He wanted to stop her from her soft whispers of apologies, he wanted to comfort her and absorb her pain. It wasn’t just long when the red-haired woman appeared, Frank was certain that it was the officer who always stayed by Viola’s side. She opened his cell and forced him to drink a purple liquid from a small vial she brought and pushed him on the corner pointing a slim sword towards his neck. The liquid was flaming hot like burning his insides, his head felt heavy, his body started to get numb and his eyes turned blurry. Before he became unconscious he heard a rushing footstep coming from a lad who entered his daughter’s cell and immediately carried her out of the dungeon. It was his last vision before the purple poison took over his body.

***

As soon as Viola lifted Yuri’ detainment he immediately went to the dungeon to search for Gwyn. He saw Flei heading that way and followed. He wanted to argue with her but the officer explained that she have other intention in entering the dungeon. Moreover she demanded to take her princess before she lost her last breath. Flei headed on Frank’s cell while he directly went to Gwyn, he held her and immediately brought her to his room. He called all their royal healers to tend her and each one of them had contributed for her fast recovery until all her outside physical scars and bruises were gone.

When Yuri was certain that the healers will no longer be needed he started to limit the person allowed to enter his room. He even limit his personal assistant’s visit for a limited amount of time. He wanted to take care of Gwyn and prevent anybody to take hold of her. Yuri was expert in poison and somehow has a background in healing and wanted to take charge on further healing her. It was that day, he was certain that Gwyn would wake up, he brought a waking medicine and approach the sleeping princess. He slowly shook her, trying to wake her up but nothing happens. He touched her face and caress her cheeks and he wished he had known the truth sooner, in that way her life shouldn’t be put in danger. He stared at the vial he was holding firmly wishing that her princess would not hate him the moment she regains her consciousness. 

He open the vial and carefully poured to her lips. He waited until she opened her eyes. Gwyn woke up sluggishly and covered her eyes from the glare of white floating fires. Her head tilted trying to rise but too weak to even lift herself. Yuri touched her shoulders and he draws closer to her, he embraced her tightly but considerate enough not to hurt her. He cautiously whispered to Gwyn “Keep your eyes close” he maintained his posture and speak without moving his lips. He held her in his hands giving her hair a gentle stroke “My mother might be watching us this very moment, pretend that you’re still weak. The health potion would take its full effect after an hour and will provide you your full recovery. My assistant would help you after I create a chance for your escape. Please trust me” he slowly lay her on the bed and stealthily slid his feathered ornament on her palm and immediately covered her with blanket.

Viola had used up most of her energy on spreading her vision on every mirror she saw from the top of the palace. After her instructions to her army she decided to go back to the Dark fortress to take a rest and refill her drained energy and Flei was tasked to watch and guard her chamber.

The chance was opened and Yuri’s assistant went on his way to his master’s room. He woke Gwyn up and explained that it was the time for her escape. Gwyn wanted to stay, she insisted on saving her father. But the assistant persuaded her and assured her that his master promised her father’s safety. He helped her reached the exit his master only knew. Gwyn followed the path and was instructed to meet at the island where Yuri used to hide. 

It was not that far and too small to be inhabited. It would only be the safest place he could bring her father and promised to take him there after he could distract her own mother and her army from guarding him. 

Flei was busy guarding the queen’s chamber but her uneasiness lead her to leave her post and visited the prince’s room. She has no idea what happened but when she arrived, nobody was there. She alerted everyone for Gwyn’s escape but never interrupted the queen’s chamber. She saw Yuri’s assistant accompanying somebody covered in cloak to a place she had never been before. She followed them until both parted their ways. She confirmed that it was the princess and wanted to apprehend her but hesitated. Instead she followed her, curious of where that path leads. 

Gwyn followed the river as Yuri’s assistant has pointed before leaving her. It was already outside the palace and she was led deeper in the nearby woods. The numbers of floating fires were decreasing as it mixes to the natural moonlight slipping from the approaching gorge. She searched for a rope hanged from above, and found it just as the metal ring tied on its end glimmer from the reflection of the moon. She used the rope to climb above reaching the top of a cliff. The moonlight was shining brightly illuminating the large tree where the rope was tied. She tried to search around for anything that could help her descend but found none.

“You can’t go anywhere” somebody spoke from behind the large tree which surprises Gwyn. Flei was there standing and playing with her knife. “It’s either you go back…” she pointed the rope tied on the tree and then pointed the tip of the knife to Gwyn “or jump on edge, either way you wouldn’t be able to survive.” Gwyn felt intimidated seeing herself out of options. 
“Don’t get near, your queen needed me alive so you won’t do anything reckless to kill me” Gwyn tried to sound confident but failed to threaten Flei. 
“You may be right. But if you kill yourself that would be another story, right?” Flei nodded as she took a step closer to Gwyn. “Why would you like to kill me so much even if your mistress wouldn’t want that?” Gwyn asked trying to distract Flei. 
“You just stole a heart that was already mine” she paused and grimaced. 
“Oh? That reason sounds shallow” Flei shook her head. “Let’s just say I lost the opportunity to become a queen because of you” Flei finished her statement and took another step closer. 
“I didn’t stole anything, Yuri was just paying a debt he owed me” Gwyn answered back. 
“Not that weak troublemaker prince” she took another step but stopped when somebody appeared between them.

Ethan appeared between them. 
Both were surprised and stood still staring to the person who showed up. Flei met Ethan’s eyes, their eyes were furious and were ready to kill anything that would come closer. The wind blew and the moon had took refuge on the dark clouds, the cold breeze sober Gwyn from her gaze and took a step backwards. Her foot landed on a crisp dried branch that produced a cracked sound distracting Flei and Ethan who both turned to her. “Too late, Mr. Royal protector” Flei smiled and spoke. 
She used her ability of speed to rush and pushed Gwyn passing Ethan on her front. She succeeded on pushing her but Ethan caught Flei’s arm and twisted her wrist until it was broken. She scream with cries of pain. Ethan knew that it was too late to follow Gwyn who was dropping at high speed, still he wanted to try to save her by transforming into his Lyze. 
He wanted to transform as fast as possible but he wasn’t used to it. Using his Lyze was always his last option of taking things in control. 

Gwyn on the other hand was feeling the fear of dying. Her end was coming and she haven’t accomplished anything yet, she don’t want to die in vain but the sharp rocks from below were making her nauseous, inviting her for her demise. Ethan flew faster to Gwyn, trying to reach her by all means, their gap was becoming shorter but not enough to save her in time. 

Gwyn’s eyes were closed, her body was freely falling but her mind was busy reminiscing every bit of her memories about her family. She remembered her mother’s last words but before it finished she felt a sharp pain in her back. It was like the rocks had been piercing her flesh and cutting her open. She tried to peek but all she saw was a bright golden light blinding her and it had come to her mind that she was already in the afterlife. 

She heard flapping wings very close and beyond that a familiar voice was calling her name. The voice became clearer and she realized she knew who was calling her. She slowly opened her eyes and before her, she saw Ethan flying and trying to get hold of her. At first she thought the fluttering wings was his, but Ethan pointed Gwyn’s back where she saw something surprising. Golden brown wings emerged on her back, the color was brighter than her father’s and it moved swiftly like it has always been there. 
Her amazement didn’t stop, her smile were at great extent “I… I’m alive” she wondered. 
“You are Gwyn, and you have been…” Ethan nodded and has also been surprised. 
“I am already a full-grown! Look Ethan” her tears fell out of excitement. 
Ethan extended his hand and invited her “Would you care to take your first flight with me?” She willingly accepted it and she flew like she was used to flying, both of them soar and their silhouette dances in the bright moonlight.

Gwyn’s wings were incredibly amazing, she felt like her wings have their own lives. They didn’t need to be controlled, they move like how she wanted it to be without providing too much effort unlike how Ethan had adjusted when he first showed his Lyze to her. She enjoyed flying around the starry sky and that moment had kept her from her worries. They almost forgot their current situation until Gwyn spotted the small island as Yuri had described. She called for Ethan and both of them landed on shore. 

The island was uninhabited and surrounded with thick fog, no floating fires were around but the fireflies are sparkling like glitter decorations on the trees, few crickets were making their noises and the water was calm. Gwyn closed her wings and pulled it inside her body and succeeded effortlessly. “Whoa! It doesn’t even hurt that much” she amazingly giggled. Ethan patted her head “Good for you, but that doesn’t mean it will never get hurt. Let’s just say, on your first flight you excitedly did everything like a freed caged bird. Your excitement had distracted you from the pain and had turn it into strength.” Gwyn nodded on Ethan’s explanation and treat it as an advice for future transformation. 

Waiting for somebody’s arrival, they recounted everything that happened after Ethan’s chains were broken. Gwyn was happy to know that her sister was still alive and she was too excited for her family to be reunited and yet another conflict has emerged to divert her expectations. Meera took the authority to rule and every Lumnoux were already against her. Her plan of return might complicate things.

They were both waiting when the ripples of water had suddenly become stronger and the echoes of paddle smashing the current are getting closer. Gwyn ordered Ethan to hide in the bushes and a shadow standing from a boat had surfaced from the thick fog. “Princess?” he shouted and Gwyn confirmed that it was Yuri. He descended to the shallow waters and hauled the boat to the shore. From the boat Gwyn saw her father covered with furry blanket lying unconscious. She helped Yuri to lift him and brought him to the shore. 
“What happened to him?” she asked. 
“I’m a bit late, my guess is that mother had already feed him something before I arrived at his cell, it seems that he’s been unconscious for already a couple of days.” 
“He looks weak” Gwyn said stroking his father’s hair. 
Yuri was looking around when he noticed Gwyn’s torn clothes and asked “What happened to your back?” She explained that she had been followed by Flei and made confrontation. 
“Your teacher is quite tough and I was confused with her ranting like I did something terrible to her.” 
“How did you manage to escape? Her speed ability is incomparable”
“You’re right, she planned to kill me by pushing me to the cliff.”
“Who helped you then?” his eyes widened.
Gwyn was delayed by a long paused before she answered back “I just gained my wings and saved myself”
“Nobody was there?” he asked to confirm and Gwyn shook her head. Yuri was somehow been satisfied with her answer and decided to pull the boat he used. 
“Where are you going?” she asked.
“I was planning to go back to take an antidote from mother. You better keep your father safe, you need to head to your palace”

Gwyn wouldn’t want to permit him to leave alone because she was certain that Viola would never let him out unscathed.  She has no exceptions when it comes to punishment even if it is her own son. Moreover he committed the greatest crime of releasing her precious prisoners from her grip. Gwyn wanted to accompany him but he wouldn’t allow it to happen, he himself wasn’t even sure if he could be able to survive her mother’s wrath. She complained on not permitting her to go with him yet she can’t justify to come risking her father’s life on leaving him alone on the island. Yuri continued to pull the boat and started rowing until his shadow vanished from the thick fog.

“Ethan” Gwyn called and he appeared before her. She entrusted him her father and ordered him to bring him to Belasa. Ethan was confused and realized that she wanted to stay. He argued and wanted her to come with him. “Please do as I say, I need to do something to help Dad” she stated.
“And I can’t risk your life on going back there, we can figure out how to reverse the poison inside the King’s body. You don’t need to go back. You just escaped!” he pointed.
“And I can’t come with you with the risk of being banished or detained and loose the chance of saving Dad.”
Ethan had been struck by the fact she stated “Still you don’t need to go back, I can bring you to safer place and let me handle this. I’m your protector!” 
“There is no longer safer place for me than going back, you know that. Lumnoux already denied to protect me. Your priority should be the King. Don’t worry about me, Yuri seems to be a reliable person. I know he wouldn’t lie to me, I need to help him in getting the antidote.” Ethan was speechless on Gwyn’s determination to convince him. He was weighing the circumstances and was well aware with the point of Gwyn being captured on the hands of her own race. Gwyn was right, there would be no safer place for her in the hands of the Lumnoux who started to doubt her and wanted to throw her away. 
“You need to be safe no matter what! I’ll come for you afterwards. Don’t do something foolish and be responsible on all your decisions and actions.” 
Gwyn was surprised “What do you mean?” 
“You’re a full-grown now, you should prove you are capable of making the right things to do. You are right, my priority now should be the King, but keep in mind that you need to survive. I would come and help you after I am certain of the King’s safety” he was nervous of letting her go but he has no choice but to agree with her judgment. Gwyn nod with a smile while Ethan and Frank disappeared in front of her.

Gwyn once again transformed into her Lyze. She was determined and wanted to succeed whatever the circumstances are. She took a flight and chased after Yuri and found him paddling halfway to the harbor. She flew to his boat and landed in front of him. He really wanted Gwyn to leave and dismiss all the excuses she utter but she revealed that she left her father to someone whom she can trust.
“How can you be sure that he can be trusted? Anybody in this world can deceive you.”
“He wouldn’t do that, after all he’s a Lumnoux, he wouldn’t risk his giver’s life”
“Was that the reason you lied to me?”
“Lied?”
“Did he saved you from Flei?” she confirmed with a nod and tell him her protector’s name.
Yuri stared and was fixated on her eyes “Do you believe him?” she answered with a nod.
“Do you fully trust him?”
“I believe in every word he says and I believe in his principle. I trust him enough to be the royal’s protector” she answered with pride.
“Well then, I guess you need to focus to a greater task ahead.” He stated and continued to paddle until they reached the harbor
Chapter 12: The Murderer’s Child

Belasa, which became the camp for the Lumnoux army have always been awake ever since Lady Carrie’s returned. Everybody was restless and occupied on their tasks. They need to strengthen their offenses. They need tactics to drive out the Tanbrea who are currently occupying the palace; they need strategy to disarm Viola, claim the throne and save their King.  Just as everybody was busy nobody had noticed the arrival of Ethan to their camp. 

The tower’s entrance were maze with tents, armors and uneasy soldiers roaming around. He had thought to announce the King’s arrival but everybody doesn’t seems to pay attention. He needs to quickly enter Belasa. Run out of choices he decided to transform into his Lyze and took his flight carrying the King. It didn’t matter if many would notice and question his Lyze because all he cared during that time was to bring the King for treatment and immediately return to Gwyn for aid.

His unusual pair of black wings spreading like a threat had caught the attention of the nobles and only Chief Gerard has vouched for his identity during his flight. His landing was swift and entrusted the King’s weak body on the Officers who had waited on the tower’s entrance. He wanted to immediately leave but was prevented to depart. Officers wanted to interrogate him on the King’s retrieval and yet he never intended to tell anything. 

He didn’t want to disclose that he met Gwyn and wouldn’t want to give them any idea where she was. He still need to protect his mistress especially now that almost everybody was against her. His actions raised suspicion and was unexpectedly dragged to a more complicated situation. His Lyze was questioned and his past failures were brought up for his incompetence. His stay for Belasa has been taking him for too long and he’s becoming worried of his mistress. He even asked for Lady Carrie to release him from his detainment but because he was withholding too much information nobody wanted to trust him. 

He was keeping more information and didn’t want to cooperate yet he was cautious enough not to cause any commotion. In a sudden glimpse of something his focus on keeping things under control had vanished. He ran towards the tower entrance disregarding anybody who bothered to block him, then uses his ability to teleport himself.

Same situation surpass the Tanbrea. They were all rather busy for the scent of the upcoming war. Flei with broken wrist has not yet returned to her post leaving Viola’s chamber unguarded and Yuri’s betrayal is yet to be discovered.  With the help of the prince’s aide, Yuri and Gwyn sneaked in to the queen’s room. Viola was at peace on her slumber kept on her large bed.  They silently rummaged every possible place where the antidote might be hidden. Yuri noticed a curtain covering a hidden door on the bedside. The small old rusty door was suspicious. He carefully opened the creaky door turning back to take a glimpse of his resting mother. He throw few floating fires inside revealing a dark cave inside with poorly excavated walls. 

The blank space were illuminated, a hand pushes both of them inside. They tried to struggle but were distracted by the woman standing before them. Viola stood slowly opening her black pair of wings that made Gwyn feel nostalgic, her wings seems familiar blocking their view for an exit. It’s been too long since Yuri last witnessed her mother’s Lyze and he couldn’t even remember how it looks, portion of her right wing were missing feathers and burnt scar marked her inability to take flight.

Viola throw more floating fires inside the room and had warned the two to never make any unnecessary move or the antidote would be disposed. Her black wings had been bothering Gwyn that took her the urge to speak for her curiosity.
“Your Lyze” 
Viola turned to her son and said “Yuri, it seems you are more attached to her than to your mother, should I have accepted that proposal Frank have offered ten years ago?”
“If you hadn’t listen to that suspicious adviser you have, nothing of this could have happen.”
“The night fall is fast approaching, the smell of spilling blood is closing-in, the end draws near for an empire that has long been forgotten, milady would you care to listen to what happen past your mother’s shoulder during that incident?” she faced Gwyn to deliver her message and with a deep stare she started her version of story. 

Viola folded and pulled her wings while both her prisoner stood still inside the room watching as she settled for a couch in front of the door. “This useless wings reminds me of how foolish I am of being deceived by a mere nobody who stands against the alliance which was long been worked out. Our ancestors wished for a union and only me, the current queen of Tanbrea and your father the king of Lumnoux had come to an agreement. A child from both sides should be united, carried by engagement both would mark the union of Tanbrea and Lumnoux. All were settled then, we will bind two child to carry an alliance. Yet one night an old man shorter than my half, back curved with his old age, head and faced covered with straw hat came and spoke to me with cracked voice. I wasn’t easily convinced when he spoke of something like a false promise from the Lumnoux. My husband had work hard to help me settle this alliance and I wouldn’t let anybody trample his effort. I heard the old man’s hoarse chuckle claimed that I was foolishly blinded. That even my husband were deceived by the Lumnoux queen and the old man sound so sure of what he was saying. He told me that my eldest son took favor from that queen and at that very moment that child insisted to see her which took his father to accompany him. The old man leave me baffled that soon consumed my rationalization, I on the other hand decided to confront the Lumnoux. I brought my bow and arrow and search for them. My husband always brought a feather of mine with him that led me to know where he was, found him on a pond near the palace with my son clinging beside him. I rushed above without thinking straight and saw Laura carrying a child, I suddenly felt jealousy and betrayal without knowing why. I saw my husband staring passionately with that queen or so I have assumed. I didn’t intend to do any harm but in a blink of an eye I used my arrow to shot her. Frank arrived and saw what I have done, he was angered and used his orb of energies directed towards me. I closed my eyes ready to receive his wrath but my husband blocked it using his body. I tried to escape and Laura lost her last breath, Frank aimed for my wing and was burnt that gave me the permanent damage. Two lives were taken that night, the alliance was broken, my race were forbidden to set foot above, all visible entrances were blocked and the wall of division had grew unreachable. I was at total loss during that time and forgotten my duties as queen and as a mother and further I blame my eldest son on dragging my husband that night.” 

“It was after a year when the old man came back to give another advice, I was so enthralled with his suggestion. He advised me to put a spy on the Lumnoux territory, the one who would follow me and swear a loyalty that will never be broken. A trusted person that will carry out my revenge plan. I couldn’t think of anybody during that time and I hated seeing my eldest son because he reminded me of how I lost my husband. I decided to give him the job for him to redeem my trust. He didn’t immediately agree knowing he would leave his younger brother, I couldn’t blame him if he was thinking I might use his younger brother to vent my anger. I promised to ascertain his safety in return he will follow all my demands. I wanted to ruin the family that ruined mine. My adviser was the one who suggested most of my move yet up until now I still don’t know his real identity and objectives. He seems satisfied until lately he told me my spy had gotten out of control. I guarantee that he was not a balance keeper yet he seems to be knowledgeable of both races.” 

“My eldest son had successfully infiltrated the highest academy of Lumnoux, have gained trust from nobles, officers and even the royals. Funny he even accepted their serum just to blend in. He became one of the top ranking student, gained favors and pretended to be a full-fledged royal protector. He was even assigned to the heir of the throne” 
Yuri interrupted her mother as he noticed that Gwyn’s eyes has already became teary slowly realizing who Viola was referring to “Mother! Stop it, what exactly are you doing?” Yuri was stopped as his mother continued. 
“Who do you think informed me that the heirs would be attending the appointment ceremony, that you would be hiding at the woods, the whereabouts of your sister, and the hideout of your father. Who do you think would have personally deliver one of the heirs to this fortress?”
“He didn’t do it” Yuri answered back “He wouldn’t do it, he wouldn’t betray Gwyn even if was forced to.”
“Oh shut up you little brat, he was even capable of betraying me, his own mother. Let her realize the truth, who was with her the entire time…” Viola smiled “She fully knows who I am talking about, right?” Gwyn was burning her anger trying to reminisce every moment she met the murderer’s son, and all else points to the betrayal of one person.
“Why? You should have kept your mistake on your own and shouldn’t have drag my family into this.” Gwyn spoke with anger, Yuri tried to calm her down but her body was now surrounded by her force field that no one can get near.
“Easy milady, your father still hadn’t wake up wasn’t he?” and Gwyn snapped back to reality. 

There was a multiple loud explosion from above that caused the ground and their ceiling to shake. A soldier came and entered the queen’s chamber and reported what was happening. The palace was attacked by Lumnoux, it was already surrounded by heavily equipped Lumnoux army. Explosives were blasted without considering the palace, they were serious on driving out the Tanbrea. Viola closed the door on that secret room, pulled one of her feather and hang it on the knob. “Both of you, remember the antidote before making any unnecessary move.” She left to climb up for defense against the Lumnoux. Gwyn was frustrated of what was revealed. Her family trusted a single person who had ruined their lives. Her mind was blank of the next thing she will do, Yuri reached her shoulder and tried to comfort her “Don’t touch me and don’t ever get near me” she glared and Yuri step backed unable to reason out with her.

The war had started in the palace and everything was in turmoil. They were surrounded without a chance for the Tanbrea to escape but Viola needs to defend her race. As a counter-attack she deploy her well trained army into different entrances that cause ruckus even to ordinary civilians. Yet Lumnoux have already prepared to contain outside attacks, most of their army were focused on capturing the Tanbrea queen hiding within the palace’s boundary. Viola was staying at the throne room as she gave orders to her officers. 

The palace had become their disadvantage, not all traps work well and most of it was damaged by the explosions. Viola was restless walking back in forth, thinking of some tactics they could use as their numbers were rapidly decreasing. In instant she felt her dome contorted, a familiar soft scent was being burned and the door from the throne room opened. The one standing from the distance were ignored by soldiers yet some even stopped to pay respect in his presence. He was holding an incense holder burning something. 
“It’s been a while” he spoke as he continued. Viola saw her eldest son, the son whom she sacrificed, the son who were expected to be her loyal ally but failed and decided to abandon his duties. 
“Ethan” her voice was soft and gentle like a mother calling for his son. Although both of their domes seems failing they still can’t get too close to touch each other. 

“Show them to me” Ethan demanded to her mother. 
“There is no use on getting in touch with her, she already knew the truth so why bother pretending to be her protector?” Viola spoke with conviction yet his son continued to pressure her. Viola showed where Yuri and Gwyn were, the vision was shared at the exact time that Lumnoux soldiers had already infiltrated the throne room. The soldiers were surprised by Ethan’s presence at the throne room, he was a fugitive who had escaped and currently found communicating with the witch of Tanbrea. Some of the soldiers approached and tried to capture him but he was saved by Viola who threw a couple of burning potion that ended on the floor just beside Ethan. With that scene they concluded that Ethan was a traitor. 
“You foolish son, now how can we escape after you brought a burning Eura seeds with you, how ungrateful you are” with that statement Lumnoux have witness Ethan’s true identity. 

Ethan was still watching her mother’s shared vision of Yuri and Gwyn and in just one large explosion, the wall collapsed. The ceiling fall and buried both of their bodies, a few quake cuts Viola’s connection to that room. The last vision was fatal and in normal circumstances survival is impossible. More number of Lumnoux have been entering the throne room until everybody was cornered, Viola tried to defend but due to Eura seeds her actions became futile. 
Viola, the Tanbrea queen, the witch who murdered the Lumnoux queen ten years ago had been captured, and so with his son who had used a different identity to infiltrate the Lumnoux royal family had been imprisoned just the same.

 

Chapter 13: Night Fall

The reunion of the long been separated mother and son were extended at Belasa’s prison cells. They were put on a paralleled cells covered with black kisk where both of their dome have shrink onto their shadows. “So this is how he felt when he saw his child imprisoned in front of him” Viola spoke relating the time Lumnoux royalties were her prisoners. Ethan lifted his head buried on his arm and turned to her mother. 
“Stop right there and don’t speak any further!”
“Why Ethan…. Why have you put this family in peril?”
“You hadn’t change mother. I was hoping that someday you would come into your senses. Grandfather had worked hard to be granted an audience by the Lumnoux. He was able to pull off something our ancestors could not and in an instant ruined by his daughter by her mere short-sightedness.”
“Yes that daughter gave birth to a son who foolishly follow the Lumnoux and even accepted their serum for his own benefit. Do you think you are better than me, Ethan? You started it and left your own family.”
“You really succumb to the darkness. Have you forgotten that you are the one who put me into this kind of situation? And you don’t even have the slightest guilt for everything that happened to us.”
“I didn’t yield to darkness… come to think of it when did it all started? It wasn’t my idea in the first place”
“Still searching for excuses, you should have conceded by now.”
“Concede? Why? I didn’t do anything and I tell you I am not the nightfall you are expecting. It seems that something was behind this, I haven’t gained anything from this and yet my long term advisor suddenly disappeared like my presence has become worthless.”
“Enough of using him as a scapegoat, he was already mysterious in the first place yet you heed his advices, father would be furious if he will see you like this.”
“I know” her face changed from overbearing to being gentle. “He visited me in my dreams and tell me to stop.” 
“Yet you still continued, how unreasonable. Now let’s end this you need to tell me where the antidote to the poison you gave to the King.”
“The antidote…” her eyes blurred with tears “Do you think he has a chance to survive?”
“You… you didn’t mean to use Yuri’s venom to counter the poison don’t you?” Yuri’s venom can be used to kill and heal. His venom can be used in healing, by letting it eat up any poison within the body including injuries. However his venom can only be used three times. Upon the third use, beside from being a cure it also become addictive causing the user to become dependent on it. A continues use would be required if not would cause a sudden death due to internal organ malfunction.

Soldiers have come and took Viola out of prison. Her eyes were fixated to his son. The eyes that tells how worried she was, a pleading eyes with sincerity expressing her atonement. Her expressions of comfort that end has come. She was dragged onto Belasa’s ground tied on pole made from black kisk. She was tortured and mocked by the Lumnoux. She was forced to reveal the King’s antidote but she continuously claimed that such doesn’t exist.  

Meera came to witness the fall of the Tanbrea queen but enraged by Viola’s stubbornness on providing information. She can’t extract any information from her and decided to take heed with the nobles and officers advises. Her sister was chased out and abandoned by her own race and soon fell to her demise while her father was weakened and unable to rule. All because of the witch’s doing, yet she felt helpless and unsatisfied with the results of war. She has the capability to lead but too young to make an impact. She became dependent with other nobles governance.

A cleanup operation on the fallen dungeon was made until even a single life form was no longer detected. All who were connected to Ethan were imprisoned as well. The chief of Belasa, Gerard was detained for his negligence on accepting Ethan in the academy and the one who personally trained and recommended him in the royal family; Threse, for becoming his ally and informant; Sacho who done nothing but started to oppose Meera’s judgment; and even the other soldiers took part on giving him aid.

Meera can’t pass the judgment of executing the confined traitors, she never gained the favors of the Thin Line and none of the Lumnoux can touch them. Thin Line ought to follow a ruler when they seem to be appropriate otherwise their vow would be deemed broken and be renounced by their tribe. The palace was slowly put into restoration and it was decided that they will be transferred to the deepest part of the palace and be detained until Frank regain his consciousness. 

The cleanup operation extends to nearby villages and all suspected Tanbrea were arrested. Public execution started to amuse the Lumnoux. The deaths of Tanbrea marked their success on the war that concluded. It wasn’t long when the public execution had loss its significance and started to instill fear on the ordinary civilians. Nobles became unsatisfied especially that Lady Carrie was keeping Viola alive. With their unending appeals to finish all the traces of Tanbrea race she decided to finally put an end to it. She called for all the remaining captured Tanbrea and had them presented to the public in front of the unfinished palace. 

With Viola at their center each Tanbrea were tied on the wooden stage made just for them. Each of them were tied on a black kisk pole and was weakened by their previous torture, wounded, bruised and unable to use their ability and their Lyze. Crowd of nobles had come to witness the annihilation of a race that hindered their kingdom’s progress for generations. 

The acting Queen arrived at the venue with her protector and advisers. Everything was ready for the end and even a feast has been prepared after the said event. A woman from the crowd foolishly ran and climbed the heavily guarded stage. She tried to fight the guards but ended up caught. Her red hair waved as the sudden gust of wind blew. Everyone felt silent as the raging sunset had started to occur. “Throw her in and let the fire begin!” Lady Carrie commanded, soldiers with ability to manipulate fire threw couple strands of flame that ignited the woods prepared to burn them alive. Machi who one of Meera’s protector and youngest adviser concluded the ceremony with the statement “As the race of Ower was built through flame and so it ended with flame” The crimson flame devour every single life on the wooden stage, their shouts of pain echoed and soon was smothered by cheers of victory. Meera had gained favors for ending the war and destroying any lingering hope of the Tanbrea, she soon took full control of her father’s duty.

***

Gwyn had stayed still unable to comprehend Viola’s revelation regarding her royal protector. She can’t decipher her feelings, she felt angered by betrayal; she felt shameful for foolishness, and felt helpless and lonely for being a stepping stone for somebody’s vengeful plans. Fallen rocks had started to crumble around and Yuri was busy searching for an exit. He had a feeling that the secret room doesn’t end there, the room doesn’t look like made just to lock somebody. He knew that something was hidden like an alternate route or something.  He removed a rock protruding to the even wall and as soon as an opening revealed a large explosion occurred and caused the room to collapse. The floating fires died down and his vision was enveloped by the blinding darkness and the deafening silence. 

He heard Gwyn moan out of pain and pulled a single floating fire from his bag and searched for her. He found her laying down, her one leg trapped by a huge rock. He helped her get rid of the rocks and carried her to the hidden path that seems untouched. Yuri knew that Gwyn was losing much of her blood due to her injury and with their situation at that moment he wasn’t expecting for any rescue even from the Lumnoux. He decided to use his venom to heal her even if there is a chance that it could get worst. He extracted a venom from his point finger that he directly injected to Gwyn’s system. Her condition become better but because his health is not in good state and her leg was heavily injured she was unable to walk normally and slowed them down. The path was narrow, dark, cold and damp and they survived sharing only the food provision Yuri had. Even so, Gwyn can’t bring herself to reconcile with Yuri. 

Yuri and Gwyn lost tracked of time while they were trying to escape the Dark fortress. It has been long after Yuri could strike a conversation with her. “Would you hate him?” the first question he wanted to clarify.
“What? Who?” she continued to walk leaning on the walls for support, she didn’t want to receive another assistance for Yuri aside from the food rations he importunately offer.
“My… um… brother… he served mother even if he was against it just to protect me.”
“He should have confess everything to me, he had been given multiple chance but he kept on hiding the truth. I even asked him if he knew Viola but he denied all that. He had been with Dad, he had been in my side, he knows all my plans, he knows my every move… he gained my trust!”
“Would you hate me too then?”
“What’s your purpose when you first met me? When you discovered I am a Lumnoux royal, have you thought of surrendering me to your mother? I’ve trusted your brother and believe his sincerity. You are different from him, you saved me even before you knew I’m a royal unlike how he turned to be nice and desperate to use me when he found out my identity.”
“If he wasn’t sincere, he wouldn’t come on the cliff that night.”
“You…”
“My Lyze is scorpion you see, didn’t you even wonder why I choose a cliff knowing I don’t have a wings to fly. That cliff was my escape plan if everything in the Dark fortress would be too much for me to handle. When I found out that you are the heir Ethan had been protecting I knew he would figure out my plans. It’s the only chance of saving you from my mother, my feather earring wasn’t hers, and it’s Ethan’s. When he saw you outside mother’s dome he immediately came to rescue you.”
“Why would he do that?” 
“Can’t you see? He became attached to you more than he has to me. I was wondering what kind of royal he was protecting to rebel against mother.”
“Then why did he betray me, he revealed my sister and father’s whereabouts.”
“He didn’t do anything… he cut connections after the incident at the central market.”
“You sounded you knew him too well even if you are already separated at young age. Yet it still doesn’t make any sense, his intention was to use me until the end”
“He would have to, but I know my brother too well. I was waiting for somebody who could save him from his suffering. He had lived with the enemy’s lair, pretended to be a dedicated royal protector, accepted the opposite serum and leave his family behind. Until you came and confused him, the lies became his truth and the truth became a lie ought to be buried”
“It still doesn’t erase the fact that he lied” Gwyn walked slowly past through Yuri following the moving floating lights and leave Yuri behind. 

A sharp pain in the heart followed by the feeling of depression and emptiness, and a confusion of a lost soul. The disappearance of a giver without assigning an heir was felt by every Tanbrea who were gone into hiding.  Most have felt the urge for revenge but wasn’t able to make a move, afraid and overwhelmed by Lumnoux who have conquered everything. That pain had felt by the two tracking their exit from the Dark fortress. “She’s gone” Gwyn uttered turning back to Yuri whose hands were clenched on his chest.
“Indeed, I hope her soul will be reunited with father” he paused and continued “No need to mourn for that, we need to hurry and find our way out or we’ll end up with same fate as hers” 

The smell of burning wood had caught their senses. A faint light had been slipping through the small gaps on a blocked path. It was the end of the narrow path, an opening that seems to be recklessly covered. They peered and easily removed the layered rocks and there revealed the source of burning wood. Gwyn limping was supported by Yuri on her shoulder, both of them entered. Their shadow dances as the wood flames from the altar flicker. The concrete pillars were large enough to hold the high ceiling and torches were hanged by the walls. The rectangular altar at the center holds the burning wood with a peculiar scent. Dark dusty curtain swayed at one corner while a subtle flute were being played from inside. The sound of music stopped and the curtain was lifted by a wrinkled hand. 
“I see… so you’ve come” his voice was intimidating, an old man come out graceful as a noble. His light colored robe softly followed his movement as he elegantly walk, he arranged his turban and lightly stroke his white beard revealing his hand with a missing finger. 
“The wall of division has started to falter” the old man invited them to come and enter his room. 
“Both of you had been trying to wander outside your shelters, both of you might already have heard about the old man who served both your ancestors.” Yuri and Gwyn exchange glances “
Are you perhaps referring to the tale of the ancient owl?” Yuri asked.

The ancient owl smiled and nodded “My master, Jad had given me an important mission before he parted” he turned to face Gwyn. 
“Would you mind me helping with that leg?” he pointed her injured leg. “That was a tale, how come somebody could survived for generations?” she asked. His room was wide and illuminated with floating white fires, his walls were covered with herbs and a shelf filled with old books and scrolls on the other side. 
Near his canopied bed was curtain covering what seems to be a natural light slipping from the outside. A sound of rushing water hushing from a distance. 
“It’s indeed impossible, many would thought that it’s like I’ve been drinking the fountain of youth for generations, but you see this is a curse not a gift.”
“Anybody would frantically search for that in order to live longer.” Yuri said helping Gwyn settle for a chair. 
“The woods burning at the altar preserve my age, the thing is it only burns here and I’m nearly out of it. The source of that wood had long been extinct” he explained while gathering ointment and medicine from his supplies.
“What mission do you have?” Yuri asked.
“Ah. This humble servant of yours was the one who suggested to use a serum to master Jad but he was too soft to his brother and he doesn’t want to harm him in any way.” He fetch a wooden box locked and hidden on the pile of books. 
“You both have seen this?” he took a ring from the box, the ring was identical to what Viola used. “I’ve served both of your bloodline” he smiled showing the ring to both of them.
“That was the same ring mother was using to instantly extract serum from her blood” Yuri claimed.
“Indeed, I was the one who gave that to her, it was my mistake though” he finished applying ointment on Gwyn’s leg and mixed herbs on his bowl of liquid and gave it to Gwyn. “Here take this it soothes the pain” she obediently followed and drank the liquid that slowly put her to sleep.
“What did you do to her?” Yuri pushed him agitated with how the ancient owl turned the situation to something unpredictable.
“Relax, I wouldn’t make the same mistake twice, here, put this on her finger” he ordered Yuri to put the ring on Gwyn’s.
“My mistake of giving it Viola had caused me a finger” he showed his hand. 
“I was supposed to give it to my master’s descendant, I was rushing to finish my mission so I put the ring near the altar. It wasn’t exactly given to her, she stole and just figured out its use. I’m the ancient owl, preserved in my memories are past but I don’t have the gift of seers so there’s no certainty on my success. The ring returned to its home once the owner died and it feeds on my finger to substantiate. It just recently returned…”
“I know…” Yuri nodded and stared to Gwyn.
“She might have already met my master by now”
“You didn’t mean to kill her don’t you? I won’t forgive you even if you claimed to be the ancient owl!”
“No.” The ancient owl seated near Gwyn and stroke her head.

***

There was a blinding light surrounding a man walking from a distance. His silhouette moves towards her and Gwyn was covering her eyes from too much light. Peeking from the light she saw the man was already in her front holding her forearm. He touches her forearm and the dark veins had started to vanish. His face was calm as he smiled at Gwyn “You’ve been through a lot, my Light” confused Gwyn stared at the man. 
“Is this afterlife?” she asked.
“My child it’s not yet time for you to enter that place. You have yet to fulfill your fate as my cleansing light. You need to work hard and clean the mess my family had created, you need to unite the diversification that sprouted.” 
“Are you perhaps Jad? My ancestor?”
“I am indeed, my child” he gently smiled.
“This kingdom was once a peaceful place with father as the king but it went rampant when Ower took his place and suffering had spread. Our internal conflict had prevented our kingdom from prospering. Neither the neighboring kingdom dared to interfere. In turn we were caged in our own place.”
“So there was really other place beside this kingdom” Jad nod for an answer.
“Your fate is to unite all the people and destroy the wall of division.”
“But Tanbrea had already collapsed” 
“Destroy the serum that separates the people, unite them and free them from the chains of false loyalty. Teach them the passion to strive for what they really want not just because they were tangled by the serums but because it what makes them happy.”
“How? I was already renounced by my own race.”
“You would figure it out, your peculiar sense of independence will lead you to where you need to” Jad paused.
“You should spread your wings and discover what’s beyond.” Gwyn nodded, the man before her eyes slowly faded in to thin smoke and her dream ended.

Gwyn woke up as if have travelled from faraway. Her legs are no longer aching and she felt perfectly well, she checked her forearm and the dark veins were no longer visible and saw that she already wore the ring the ancient owl showed before she fell asleep. “Child would you help me raise this curtain” the ancient owl asked Yuri who followed him near the wide window that was covered by the curtain. The window was made of concrete and partly damaged revealing what’s outside. The outside was certainly a cave connecting to a pathway outside. The rushing waters echoed and the water sparkles reflected on the cave wall. 

The ancient owl grabbed Yuri and stabbed him twice, one on his arm and one on his leg. “This blade is dipped on Lumnoux serum. Now, hustle my master’s light, the clock is ticking, the life is leaving. Let the cleansing light be born and let me be free with this curse.” Gwyn shocked with what she witnessed.
“You!” she shouted running to catch the ancient owl.
“Farewell till we meet again!” the ancient owl transformed to his Lyze of a full size owl and immediately flew away across the opened window.


Chapter 14: Cleansing Light

Yuri pulled the scarf hanged on his shoulder but before he could cover the wound on his arm, his fingers numbed unable to grip the scarf that soon fell on the floor. Blood gushed from his arm and legs yet his body can no longer feel the pain instead he felt a sudden coldness from his wounds trying to freeze his flesh. 

He tried to touch his skin that was starting to lose its color and turning frigid. He can no longer breathe steadily and his mind was going blank. Gwyn was dumbfounded and remain unmoved even if the situation escalated too quickly. Her fingers started to shake as she stared to the ring on her finger. Yuri shouted her name instead of usually calling her ‘princess’ that woke her to reality. 

Distracted and panicked, Gwyn rushed to Yuri and grabbed his arm and pricked him with the inner needle of the ring. She felt the ring sucked something from her finger yet she was too pre-occupied on tending Yuri who was struggling. His skin returned to its normal color, the feeling of coldness slowly turned to a sharp pain from his wounds. The serums trying to consume him had stopped and the only thing that remained was the burning pain of his stabbed wounds. Too much blood had already been lost and his situation has already exhausted his energy leaving him unconscious. Gwyn doesn’t have any idea on healing yet the ancient owl had left a bunch of medical books and herb she can use to heal his companion. 

She still hasn’t fully grasp everything that was revealed to her about the incident; Ethan’s identity and Jad’s appearance. Everything seems to be unreal for her. Her fate was still unknown but a burden to re-write their kingdom’s history has been on her hands. With her unsettled mind she decided to stay at the ancient owl’s temple to clear her perspective. Yuri, even if still under recovery promised that he would not leave her no matter what happen and no matter what her decision will be. Both have concluded to stay at the temple and use most of their time to learn from the writings of the ancient owl. They even trained themselves to become healers using any information provided from the ancient owl’s belongings.

Soon the fire from the burning woods at the altar had died down and wild animals started to swarm. Even the air had slowly become dry forcing them to move out. They don’t have a choice but to leave the temple that became their home for a short couple of months. 

They have been accustomed to living their life surreptitiously and leaving the temple would mean stepping to the surroundings that somehow became unfamiliar. They came out from a hidden falls at the foothill of a mountain and a traveler have witnessed their arrival that made him astonished with their presence. A pair, both wearing a light colored robes, the taller one had a pants slipping on his robe, four pouches hang by his dark colored belt and his head and face was covered with a gray cloth and he carries a bag of old books and scrolls. The other one wears an elegant robe covering her arms and ankles, another piece of white cloth was tied on her waist hanged with a small pouch and connect to another flimsy cloth, head and face covered with white veil and on the tip of the veil resembles a figure of an owl. 

“Good graces!” the traveler exclaimed surprised of what appears before him. His smile was extraordinary believing he met the ancient owl. 
“Are you perhaps the ancient owl?” he asked facing Gwyn. She sighed and turned to face Yuri who understood what she meant.
“We are not what you think we are, this is my master the hermit who was acquainted with the ancient owl” he pointed Gwyn and continued “And I am her lowly apprentice, our time of solitude has ended and we currently seek shelter on this foreign surroundings”
“I am a mere traveler but either way I am thankful that I met somebody acquainted with the legendary ancient owl. I will accompany you to a nearby village where I stayed and will help you with your lodging” the traveler offered and Gwyn nod in agreement.
Yuri pick a vial on one of his pouches and offered to the traveler “Here, a medicine that can ease your fatigue” the traveler accepted the gift and accompany them at the nearby village.

The traveler had wandered and been out around the kingdom selling goods and even information for too long, his heart was overwhelmed meeting the hermit and her apprentice. He felt the luck on his succeeding journeys. Yuri wanted to inquire for the current situation but before he could strike a conversation the traveler decided to relay the story of what happened after the war. All of Tanbrea had already been eliminated and even if there are still some survivors they already have cowered and fled on the depths of misery. Nobody knows where they actually fled. They say there are some who pretended to be a normal civilians trying to start a new life but even that news cannot be ascertained. They said that the King was still alive and the Lumnoux can vouch for that but ever since the war started his absence puzzled most of his subject. His daughter, the only one who survived have been acting on his behalf while the other one chosen to be his heir had been caught up during the war and had already died without even been presented to her subjects.  It was long before the renovation of the palace had been finished. The people enjoyed the victory Lady Carrie have provided, all praises her for her achievements; they started to love her, respect her and support her. She’s too young to rule but the nobles had joined hands to be her adviser. Soon enough her image had turned upside down. The just and sophisticated child of the King had started to act tyrannical. She started to topple the weak forbidding them to receive the serum and implemented stricter admission. Belasa was currently handled by the previous chief’s assistant, at first they thought it was due to King’s condition but it didn’t end there. More subjects had witness another side of her, they say she forces full-grown to side with her and she built armies of no one knows where to deploy. Numbers of infants who are at the same time a blank spirit grew even with their obvious capabilities. Nobles have gained control on most of establishments and have used them to their own advantage. The most crucial part of that rumor says that infants were bought by nobles, some were denied with serums, some were treated as slaves and some were forced into a deadly training just to wake their Lyze. The freedom started to be jeopardize by the noble’s selfishness, the Lumnoux believe that the effect of serums contentment had started to wear off. The support and respect earned by Lady Carrie had crumbled in an instant, the royal family had already lost its sparks of loyalty and service. The Thin Line leaved the palace and never bothered to serve the acting queen, they said that their purpose has ended when the war had started. Another rumor said that their tribe was disbanded and some might already have been living with the people. The King is becoming weaker day by day and the people are already worried with what will happen once the blood of the heir will be used as a serum.
Going unnoticed, Gwyn reached Yuri’s robe and whispered to him. No matter how the circumstances turned out they need to hide their identity until they can heal the King. To conceal the truth and to avoid any unnecessary attention, they needed to deceive everyone in order for them to enter the palace without being noticed.

The traveler become their guide and the one who took them to the nearby village. He introduces them to the villagers who showed their utmost hospitality. They were very much welcomed and they even provided them a shelter they could use for their stay. The people felt bliss and in turn both of them perform simple healing for the people; they were soon known as the silent hermit and her apprentice who live with the ancient owl. They live in a simple wooden cottage within the community like the other normal villagers do. Yuri has tended with the duty to provide assistance with his master, he became her voice to speak her thoughts and he became accustomed with her reactions and been familiar with what’s running on her mind. They were healers by day; providing potions and mending simple wounds and become the forgotten fugitives by night; reminiscing on their purpose for their come back. 

It wasn’t long before the hermit has established their identity as the anonymous healers. Gwyn began to unleash the gift bestowed to her; the Cleansing Light. They become accustomed on healing and Gwyn would occasionally speak few words asking her patients if they wanted to be freed from being caged by the serum. She would assess them if they are capable of denying the diversity. She provided her own serum without revealing its true nature. It was then believe that her healing consoles the soul and eases the pain of emotional suffering. 

The rumor of the hermit’s presence and her ability got the fame and spread like flame to other villages. It soon reached those who escape the new Queen’s claws and had seek her audience hoping to tame their anxious hearts. Away from the knowledge of the Lumnoux nobles and high officials they seek audience with the hermit to be healed and cleansed from the ferocity of the current ruler. 

No matter how the hermit and her apprentice stayed silent the news of their ability to heal has reached the palace. Lady Carrie has long been searching for every possible way to cure her father, the best royal healers had already tried their best but nothing has changed from his condition. The search for any cure has been continuous and every glimpse of hope were welcomed and acknowledged. 

She asked Kevin who had already became a royal investigator to examine the authenticity of the rumored healers. Kevin had dug on their history but got nothing useful, instead their background had become quite suspicious. Their identity was limited to the known statements that “They were the successor of the elusive ancient owl dwelling at the hidden temple. He who only appears only to favored people and he who had served the founder of the serums.” Their healing abilities were not promising as they neither prescribe potions nor perform actual healing. All they do was to mend simple injuries and provide counseling, some would say they feed their patients with something from the ancient owl but even that information cannot be proven. To satisfy her curiosity and raise her hope on healing her father, Meera gave an invitation to these anonymous hermit.

A letter from the palace was received by Yuri. It was delivered by a mechanical carriage that were sent to fetch and accompany them to the palace. A discussion with the representative was taken care of by Yuri, they’ve accepted their offer but insisted to be anonymous in any way. With all else settled they departed the village and prepared to enter the palace.

Their travel had took them days on the road and they were not treated with much of care and respect. They were known as part of the blank spirit and they don’t belong to any race. The discrimination had proven that there is certainly wrong with the current governance. With not much of a courtesy they arrive at the now renovated palace, the palace had become larger and wider. 

In Gwyn’s memory the palace was divided to their home which was the private rooms and official rooms for royal matters but as soon as she entered the palace it seems that she had been on unknown place. All rooms were filled with royal clingers, everybody was stern and most have reflected their involuntariness and dissatisfaction. The hermit and her apprentice were led to the throne room where everybody was waiting. Most of them who attended and welcomed the hermit and her apprentice were just out for curiosity.

Their entrance made all eyes fixated on them. They both bowed and showed their respect. Lady Carrie was staring intently with the familiar feature bowed in front of her. Head and face covered yet her brown eyes were as bright as someone she knew. Yuri spoke to break the silence that contained the hall ever since they’ve entered “Milady, I think it is rude to stare with the hermit’s eyes for too long.” Surprised with a clang of metal that echoed Yuri’ head were raised with a sharp sword blade on his chin pointing his throat. That sword was held by Machi glaring at him warning for his tenacity. Machi was reinstated as the official protector of Lady Carrie after she took over the throne. 
“Put that down” the hermit stood and spoke. “I believe you were aware of who we are?” She took a step near Yuri “Like the Thin Line, we serve your ancestors and maintain the balance. We don’t intend to be dragged by your dispute on your subjects” she continued. 
“Your voice sounds younger than I expected, tell me your name” Lady Carrie demanded.

Yuri carefully lowered the sharp sword directed to his throat and defended his master. “My Queen, we were born with no names and existed without one. My master’s mentor was the ancient owl and neither he has none. If names were needed to prove our ability then we might as well leave for we can’t prove anything.” Almost everyone was convinced with his reasoning but still there are some who were suspicious of them with regards to their purpose on entering the palace. 
“Who would trust their ruler to the hands of these unknown people who haven’t proven anything? Amidst of restructuring this race we cannot risk anything.” One of Lady Carrie’s advisers claimed. The room had been enveloped with murmurs and unsatisfied sighs. 

The council of advisers urges for a closed-door discussion to convince their Queen to disallow their admittance to the palace but Lady Carrie was already determined with her decision. 
“Why would I deny a chance to save my father from his suffering? All have already tried different methods and if this hermit can provide something others cannot, why would I forbid it?” All turned to face her and had lost their will to complain but one stood and demanded their loyalty. 
“Without offense, my Queen if they really has no other motives other than to help your father then they could at least receive our serum for our security” Machi suggested and soon enough the council agreed. Lady Carrie waited for the hermit’s approval but said nothing, she turned to her apprentice and gave a nod. “Then let it be done as your will but let our privacy be retained and our identity no longer be questioned” Yuri bargained and everyone concluded their acceptance.

Yuri has offered his wrist for the receipt of the serum and help his master to lift the robe covering her arms to receive the same as well. Both had accepted the serum with Lumnoux as their audience yet only the two of them knew what really happened. The serums were dissolved in their system and nothing has change yet they pretended to be one of them.



Chapter 15: Embers of War

The hermit and her apprentice have been accepted in the palace and been engaged as the royal healers. With current goal set on their mind, Gwyn carefully bestowed her serum on selected and trusted subjects. They both gained favors from their patients and even if they couldn’t fully heal complicated injuries they somehow proven that their abilities work best on internal sufferings rather than external wounds. 

Their authority had soon increased. They were not immediately designated to heal the King rather they were tested for their skills and their ability to save him. The hermit and her apprentice were called to examine a group of prisoner for their health status, neither of them knew where they were taken and the palace guide had seriously reiterated the confidentiality of the subjects. They followed him deeper within the palace, passed an empty hall which seems to be abandoned for ages that even Gwyn can’t remember its existence. 

The guide opened a small gate that only one person could fit and called his companion inside. “Here is where unexecuted traitors were locked up” the guide said. Yuri’s eyes shone with excitement for what he heard. “The current Queen cannot pass her judgment with them until the King regained his consciousness. Even with that case we still need to check their health status once in a while” the guide stated. 

Two guards stood beside the door and the sound of its opening turned the head of those waiting inside. The people belongs to the group that had been abandoned by their race and were imprison by their masters. The hermit entered and moved on the eyes staring at her. They were four branded traitors hidden in the deepest part of the palace, waiting to be discarded.  Their guide instructed them to check on the prisoners’ status. It was obvious that they were not in good state. Gwyn has met Ethan’s eyes who immediately diverted his to the other healer beside her. He met his brother’s gaze and understood the reassurance he implied. While the healer and the guide were busy tending their duty Ethan snuck and grab a letter from his drawer that was long been kept. The apprentice helped his master, while checking Ethan’s pulse he stealthy slip the letter to his hands which was swiftly tucked on his robe.

The hermit and her apprentice retired to their room after their duty that day. When the lights were out and the palace was already asleep the two silently lighted a candle and carefully opened the letter Yuri has hidden. It was cautiously examined but the contents revealed that it wasn’t a letter. It was simply a Register of information sold. The Register was too authentic to be suspected and the contents were too justified to be faked. The information indicated was too critical and only sold to one person who was the late queen of Tanbrea, Viola. 

Those information played a great part on the war that suddenly emerged. Another paper was attached bearing the signature of Gerard. It was noted that the Register was found on Machi’s belongings. With the facts confirmed by Ethan, Gerard has deciphered that there was somebody manipulating the situation in favor of them. It was discovered that someone continuously prevented the alliance to happen.


Gwyn hated every bit of information written on that Register that led her to burn the pages the instant she finished absorbing its content. Aware of the prisoners’ whereabouts they decided to advanced their plans and help them escape in order to unravel the truth behind the allegations.

Their abilities where quite a show and the council of adviser were convinced to let them handle their ruler’s condition. They have been allowed to see the King yet their movement was still limited by watchful eyes. Yuri had requested to the Queen for a private medication with the king but was disallowed multiple times. Numbers of nobles has already been handled by the hermit and unknowingly cleansed from the chains of the serum. They became the foundation for their plan to approach the King privately. Their influence have grown and with proof that somehow the King was recovering, Meera soon permitted their request. 

Everything was going according to their plans. After diagnosing the condition of the King it was settled that Yuri would use his venom to cure the King. He came to a realization long ago that he was supposed to be the antidote her mother had mentioned non-existent after his loss. There was still a lingering chance to save the King although Viola’s poison have already stayed on Frank’s body far too long that resulted to slowed effect of healing. The poison has already damaged his body but luckily due to the royal healers who tried to heal Frank his sudden death was prevented.

Gwyn stayed by her father’s side holding his hand and waiting for a response, worried that they were already late to help him. It took days to tend the King, with few days his complexion has already started to look better and his breathing has already stabilized. 

With materializing results, Yuri decided to commence his purpose. The King’s room was locked and nobody was allowed to come inside unless requested by the hermit. With that chance Yuri sneaked and went to his brother. He concocted a potion that could put the guards to sleep and went to the dungeon pretending to be sent by the nobles to check on the prisoners’ status. The sound of falling bodies had alerted the prisoners inside. The door opened and Yuri came to view. He rushed to his brother and explained their current situation.
“We don’t have much time, come let’s go!”
“Wait, who are you and what are you doing?” Threse asked.
“You should know that there’s a consequence in leaving this place” Gerard stated.
“You still didn’t explain this to them? Come on, she was left all alone we need to go” he answered.
“He’s my brother chief, I gave him the Register” Ethan answered
“Who do you mean by she?” Sacho asked
“What Register? The list? What could he use it for?” Gerard confusedly asked.
“He is my informant with my mother’s movement.”
“The princess, she was alone with the King right now but soon as they would found out about your escape she would be in danger, this is our only chance to save the King and to free you so could we just go?”
They went on their way and leave the room.

An officer had come to the hermit’s quarter to ask for a medicine but found no one in their room. He was about to leave when the ashes had caught his eyes. Curious, he went and check it and found an unburnt remnants buried within. The piece was dark but a name was written that the officer can clearly read, it was the name of Viola, the Tanbrea queen. He immediately called the nobles and officers and revealed what he discovered.

Gwyn was dragged off from the King’s quarter to the throne room with all nobles and officers present. She was treated as a traitor and came to spy the Lumnoux, moreover almost everyone was convinced that they are planning to end the King’s life. She was all by herself surrounded with people who wanted her to be punished. She know the healing of her father was taking its effect yet she could not afford to be revealed until Yuri’s mission is finish. 

The attendees at the throne room are already enraged and has started to demand the removal of her veil to show her face. Their voices had become strong and soon they wanted to tear off that veil in her face themselves. Nobody could get near her yet hands started to reach trying to pull her and remove the veil. She stayed calmed but her struggle had been too intense that ended her revealing her wings to stop them.

The nobles had become furious with the hermit’s attitude and regression towards the Lumnoux. Her action started to boil a commotion to the throne room where the Queen and her attendants has arrived. The escape of Yuri and the others have become immaterial. When Yuri and his companion found a good spot to hide, he offered them the Cleansing Light which was immediately accepted by Gerard, Sacho and Threse while Ethan refused believing that it is not the right time for him to receive such. 

When they heard about the commotion and Ethan has ascertained that they were already freed from the black kisk he slip his vision and check on Gwyn which was already on a tight post. He was pushed by what he saw and teleported with the others directly to the throne room. 

The nobles had started to use their abilities and Lyze to attack Gwyn, majority concluded that she needs to be eliminated. Her robe was already torn and still she didn’t want to give up her identity and continued to protect her veil. She started to use her ability to defend herself from their attack. Lady Carrie had been watching from her seat and was also curious of the hermit’s face, what could it be that she didn’t want it others to see. She saw the hermit used her ability and the fact had struck her composure. 

Others become aggressive and have been attacking the hermit continuously yet she stand up and began to order to stop the attack like something was pulling her to do so. Still her subjects didn’t bother to listen, soon she slowly went to the hermit’s side and used her own ability to protect her. All were confused with her action.

The throne room was in turmoil, and just then Ethan’s group arrived. He announced that they shouldn’t attack the hermit. All paused and head turned to them and more were convinced that the hermit was indeed a traitor, yet Lady Carrie sided with her. He claimed that the culprit behind the war has been there along with them and they were all just played according to his plans that someone had been influencing on their emotions and perspective.

Confusion have started and most didn’t want to believe what the traitors claimed. Ethan began to tell that they were being used by somebody who is really against the alliance. Those who were aware of the plan for alliance long before have realized the fact stated and become more curious of what was about to be revealed. “The war should never happened because finally peace had been restored with the Tanbrea. There was another race aside from the Thin Line that never accepted the Lumnoux serum, they were against the division but they despise the Tanbrea more” Gerard relayed and high officials who took part of the investigation for the fall of alliance began to stand back. 
“The King wanted the strength of the Tanbrea to boost our Kingdom’s standing, yes there was more behind this kingdom that not anybody are aware. We were too pre-occupied with our internal conflict since the creation of the serums, it divided our Kingdom’s resources. With our strength we should be on the top of the other kingdoms but we were entangled with unifying issues. The race I mentioned strive to survive as they were the ones banished by the first king of Tanbrea for their useless ability” Gerard continued. 

Now the tables were turned and all were listening to what Gerard was saying. “Their Elder visited the Tanbrea queen to confuse her and soon broke the alliance that had also caused our King’s grief. The Elder never intended to side with them he initially planned to ruin the Tanbrea royal family and just succeeded not long ago.” 
“Gerard, now that peace has been restored and Tanbrea were already eliminated, what would that information be of use? Could it bring back the lives lost and restore our King’s health?” Simon asked and Gerard shook his head.
“It can neither bring back life nor restore his majesty’s health… but in any case it can prevent another war brewing on the depths of this palace. I wanted to reveal the truth not to be reinstated but to prevent you to be fooled and be used to destroy our Lumnoux royal family.” Murmurs of confused remarks escalated.
“Like the Tanbrea prince, he entered Belasa unnoticed and yes I admit it was my lacking that I let it slip. He put both the princesses’ lives in danger and sold off our king to the Tanbrea.”
Gwyn was also shocked and confused of the sudden news she just heard “What useless ability was that supposed to be? Nothing of that sort exist in this world.”
“Indeed, but to Ower anything that could only protect oneself would be no use for him and will only impose threat” he stated.

Machi started to slowly step forward leaving the position where he stood. Gerard revealed the ability “It was a nullity to aqua.” Gwyn turn around and look to where she last saw Machi but he was already holding Meera’s neck with his dagger pointed, taken as a hostage. They know he can’t kill her but he can give Meera fatal injury and could totally harm her. 
“Stop!” the hermit shouted, she pulled her wings back and slowly uncover her hood revealing her brown hair and removed her mask.  All were flustered and shocked for the appointed Queen was alive and now standing before them, a full-grown on top of that. Gwyn was convincing him to put the blade down.
“Yes I admit I have my purpose on entering Belasa, I was fond of you when I met you for seeing my worth. I know from the beginning that you were one of the heir. I wanted to serve you and I already choose you to be the successor for the throne. It could have turn out well if your father didn’t change his mind” Machi said.
“I know you have been true to yourself when you befriended me but please release my sister”
“But would you still accept me? I have been a horrible person Gwyn, far worse than you can imagine”
“Even though this happened, I still didn’t change my mind and wanted to treat you as my little brother”
Machi released Meera and started to walk towards Gwyn who was reaching her hand. “When grandpa died, he wanted me to be a royal adviser to prevent any idea of alliance. He prepared my path by scheming with Viola, he also advises her to send her heir to the Lumnoux, how foolish can she be to follow him.” He smirked and continued “Yes I was the one who tipped her about the King’s location because I too was curious who the King choses as the heir but it turned out to be you. I'm not against that Gwyn but in order for my goal to be achieved my mistress should be chosen. I faked her death, throw you to the dark fortress and brought her out when I was certain she could be able to claim the throne. You see, your sister is easier to control than you, who was always been reckless. You should have stayed where you’ve been.”
“Machi we can still start over.”
“I know” he smiled innocently “If only I wasn’t born in this race I could have been chosen to serve you.”
“You still can… we can sort things out”
“I’m sorry Gwyn… in the end I still caused you harm” he grip his blade firmly, his hands trembling unable to control the tension building.
“It was great meeting you Gwyn… but I… can no longer… forgive myself” a tear fell from his eyes as he was already firmly decided. He raised his blade and throw an attack to Gwyn who was caught by her shoulder. Pushed by the urgency to save Gwyn, with all his might Yuri throw a sword aiming Machi. Together with Gerard and Sacho who had used their Lyze and ability also aimed and attacked him and even if how much Ethan wanted to make a move his killing instinct had prevented him to take an action. The abrupt attack was crucial and Gwyn disregarded her shoulder wounds and reached for Machi who dropped on her feet. She was speechless and remembered to call Yuri.
“You can heal him right?” Yuri didn’t move an inch.
“But he wanted to kill you, why would I save him?”
Machi was coughing blood, he knew Gwyn wouldn’t allow him to be punished he was also too attached to her that he was consumed by guilt for all his past actions. His conscience was screaming to protect Gwyn even before everything started but hesitated due to his duty to follow his grandfather. Now that everything was revealed he can no longer face the only person he think who cherished him. He didn’t want to aim her with his blade but he knew it’s the only way for him to get what he deserve, by threatening her life they will certainly aim for his. His tears fell as he clench on Gwyn’s hand covering his wound. Gwyn insisted for Yuri’s help, he come to her side and tried but Machi pushed his finger before it could even touch his skin. He closed his eyes peacefully and draw his last breath on Gwyn’s arm who by the time he felt his loss had embraced him firmly silently crying, containing her own pain of anguish.

Everybody felt silent to what was witnessed, neither of them attempted to interfere with the royal protector’s revelation and even with his fall to his demise. The main door opened and the arrival of their King was announced. Supported by his two servants walking weakly, he went where his daughters are. Meera rushed and embraced his father whom she missed so much and both of them went to Gwyn who still embraces her friend. They comforted her as she lost someone who was dear to her.  Gwyn cried on her father’s arm, wishing that it would be her last witness of death of anybody on her behalf.

All matters solved as Frank had come back and reclaim his position. After the incident and Frank had fully recovered, he lift the accusation to Gerard and his students. Gwyn explains the existence of the Cleansing Light and offered it to his father. At first her father was hesitant but later realized that his subjects needs freedom especially now that the so called division had already crumbled to unity. He also decided to provide it to his people and even if they have been already cleansed, most are still firm with their decision to serve the royals.

Frank, convinced by Gwyn’s desire to explore the world decided to change his crowned heir. He started to train Meera Carrie to properly lead their kingdom. Things can no longer be back to normal, a lot has already changed, lives were already lost, homes were already damaged and destinies unwrapped. 

Threse had been given the chance to put up her owned bar which was her dream before she entered Belasa.  Her bar called “Feline” had attracted the royals, nobles and officers and even ordinary civilians. Amanda who had been given a position during Lady Carrie’s reign followed her father’s footstep in becoming a noble officer. She wanted to train herself to become more reliable officer. Sacho was aware of Gwyn’s intention to leave and wanted to tag along but was given the opportunity to study and further his poison analysis. He has been given the title as the royal healer’s apprentice. 

Ethan, longing for his royal mistress’ presence decided to approach her and talk after a long time. They have met at the palace’s garden where Gwyn was enjoying her time alone reminiscing her old memories. Seeing Ethan arrived from afar “Your brother is not here, he is currently talking to the King” she stated.
“I’d come not for him”
“Have you been cleansed?” he shook his head for response then he kneeled in front of her mistress and draw a dagger from the sheath. The soldiers were surprised and rushed to Gwyn’s side but she forbid them to take any action. He cut his hair and offers it to Gwyn. “Now that the wall of division no longer exist I am offering my life on serving you.” Gwyn was surprised but instead of accepting his service she cast and used her ring to put the Cleansing Light to Ethan. “Stop offering something when you were just influenced by the Lumnoux serum”
The serum slowly entered and cleansed Ethan from the Lumnoux serum, his urge to serve Gwyn had shaken but in just seconds his passion came back and wake him to his senses. “Milady, please accept my loyalty and let me serve you to the best of my ability.”
“You? Ethan you are already freed… you can choose to…”
“And I choose to serve you” he finished.
“Then… you should know what that means… come with me.” Ethan shook his head and handed an iron Lyze he had been keeping to his safety for a long time. As soon Gwyn had touched the iron, the diamond fish tail cracked, the inside was a glowing amber wings widely spread. The glow retracted to a golden wings perfectly polished with topaz clear as the water. Gwyn was surprised from the transformation of her iron Lyze.

“I will, but for now I need to serve your father to make-up with my past mistakes” Ethan answered.
“You are really unbelievable.” Gwyn returned the iron Lyze to Ethan “Keep this and return it to me personally” she nodded to Ethan as if permitting him to stay. 
“I will… I will hold unto it until returned to its owner” Ethan stood and hugged Gwyn tightly like he never wanted to let her go. He whispers “Be safe until I come for you” and soon Gwyn’s companion for journey had come to call for her. 

Yuri never wanted to be separated with Gwyn, he was already allowed to stay at the kingdom but he trust nobody but his brother and Gwyn. He has his own reasons to come and moreover his brother had consented him to be her personal protector as he decided to stay for the kingdom. Kevin was fond of new discoveries and so decided to accompany them.

Frank and Meera had come to the port to bid their farewell. Their friends had come too and even Gerard to see them off. Once again Ethan hugged her and said “I’ll catch-up as soon as my purpose here is finish.” Their kingdom was imprisoned with their own history they were unmindful when it comes to any knowledge past beyond the wide seas. Now that peace had been restored Gwyn wanted to continue her fate as what her ancestor Jad had mentioned. There were some who were already sent to the other kingdoms but no one dared to return. She wanted to discover the world beyond and let her kingdom be again part of the last remaining continents. 

She bid her goodbyes and waved to her family left behind and Ethan waved back to the three figures who ascended in their ship. The crimson sunset fired the sky as the flying silhouette spread her wings and dances thru the rhythm of the wind.  
